Welcome.
Finger out.
Romani DAHOLS now released the more guys thought.
Down with the pedicote up with the band.
S is the end of the dirty square dance.
Dose is no more wrecking.
I'm side down.
All right.
I'm sure we're having some great ride behaviors.
All right.
10.02 at 5.60 WQ and Happy Friday to you.
Oh man.
I don't want to start off your Friday on a negative note, George.
I've been holding back.
I didn't tell you this all morning until now.
Last night at the new Macarena.
God, do I love that place or what?
Oh!
But at any rate, so before the game, someone.
I don't want to tell you who it was that said this.
But I'll let you guess after I tell you what it was.
They were commiserating with me about what a brutal WQ had spent on the show
and about the lack of phone calls and the bozos and what a horse ball WQ had spent
as if I need to know that.
And this particular person theorized that the reason for that being
was that last week when I was on vacation and you did the show
that the overwhelming majority of the audience vanished.
And then when I came back on Monday, the only people who were left
were the people who liked the show that you did last week.
And as a result, they were calling in ping on your leg
and it's going to take days, weeks for the audience to come back.
Of course, I don't believe that.
But I just thought I'd passed that long and let you guess as to who said that.
Not my good close personal friend, Jack.
Hey, there you go. Excellent guess.
How'd you guess that?
Well, I think we need to do three hockey shows in a row to get that audience back.
That, you know, something I blew it.
If it's Tuesday to yesterday, if I were to just threaten to put
a rim around the year with hockey shows, these phones would have rang
off the goddamn hook.
I guarantee you that. Am I right?
You bet your sweet ass.
Yes, the rimmer said a little on a week's side is what he said.
George chased the whole audience away.
Anybody believe that?
No, rimmer believes it.
Yeah, we had a good time there last night for one period,
which is enough for an exhibitionist game.
Had a great time.
Was there a game going on at the same time?
No, not that I noticed.
Oh, by the way, don't tell anybody at this time, Sentinel.
You know, I realize this is nitpicking,
but it's just such a classic example of the two great newspapers we have in a stand that are always making.
Just grotesque glaring mistakes.
I'm reading about, you know, the Panthers want a blue and two to one,
which when we left after one period, there was no scoring rightfully.
So although the Panthers had a lot of shots,
49 shots in that game last night.
They looked okay, considering.
But anyway, I'm looking at a summary here in the Scum Sentinel,
and it shows a goal for the Panthers in a first period.
And then it says, first period, Florida Murphy from Cosloff 1041.
And I'm thinking to myself, I mean, was it that boring that I really missed a goal?
I mean, there was no score at the end of a period that according to the Sun Sentinel was one nothing.
And then in the story, it says about how great Trevor Kid played in goal for Carolina.
It says with the exception of a Gord Murphy goal midway through the second period.
Trevor Kid closed the door, but on the summary it shows they scored in the first period.
So just a little bit of a mistake.
Panthers losing over time to one of the many of the exhibition games.
But we had a pretty good crowd there for an exhibitionist game last night.
Don't you think?
I think so. We had about 9,000, 10,000 people.
Even though it says 16,000 in the paper, which of course those tickets sold again.
Get used to that. Means nothing.
But for an exhibitionist game, and I'll tell you who looked good last night, I got all my notes,
which we'll get into eventually.
But in the meantime, we're going to be doing our first Sentinel on appearance.
And Sam, the sham was in here today. How do you like that?
Oh!
That he's bored. He's got to do something.
Oh!
Yeah, he's bored.
Oh, and by the way, thanks to the Panthers for my great Panthers jersey.
This was the third jersey, by the way, that they were wearing the brand new, a third jersey.
And it got one with my name, Rogers number 98, on the back.
Which I don't know what the significance of that is except maybe the year. Is that what that is?
And everybody seemed to be real happy campers to me.
I didn't see anybody grumbling or mumbling or bitching or belly-academy.
Certainly, there are some of the problems, and I'll talk about some of those,
which have more to do with hockey than the arena itself.
With the hockey ambiance and some of the things that were done.
When they built that arena, it was done with plushness and appearance and state of the artiness in mind.
The hockey part of it, evidently the hockey people didn't really have as much input as maybe they should have.
Because there are some glaring deficiencies there, which I'll get into.
But if we don't want to belly-academy like those assholes that were caught a couple of days ago,
they got to complain to seats or to narrow.
And most of the people, the one comment that they were making was, isn't this a Mahaya?
Isn't even a Goyangmer saying that?
Isn't this a pleasure that we don't have any panhandlers outside that we walk out of the parking lot,
right up the escalator, up the steps and right into the building?
And it's beautiful and fantastic, et cetera, and so on.
And you feel safe.
What a concept.
Oh my God.
It's supposed to be the old Mahaya arena, of course, which was in a smarmy grotesque neighborhood.
And you just pray that your car never broke down anywhere in that area.
And then, of course, you had the shleppers there, the gypsies and the trampson thieves begging and the hasling on away.
And then, you know, you can see the car coming in on the way out all over the goddamn place,
not a very appetizing ambiance around the old arena, not bad inside once you got inside with your life.
And then, of course, once the valley parking people smashed up your car a couple of times,
you figure that wasn't probably a good idea either if you were the old arena.
But the new Mac arena, man, you park out there, especially if you got the fancy, fancy reserve,
whatever the hall they call the club parking, and you drive in there off of 136th Avenue, Panther Parkway,
although they do need to mark the entrances there, okay?
They give you a sheet and they show you driving entrance 5, 1, or 6 with this bad.
There's no markings on in those things.
There are just a bunch of people sitting out there and it says, oh, you can't come in here.
Then they saw me drive, oh, yeah, you can come in here.
Okay. And you're pulling there and you're parking at the fancy, fancy parking.
You go up the escalator and you go in the front door and you're there.
And there's the place with all the merchandise and the shops and the restaurants and all these people milling around.
Everybody happy and everything sparkling and brand-spank and new and glitzy and beautiful.
And then instead of having a bunch of anti-omamas there waiting to let you in the, you know,
and maybe they'll let you in whatever they feel like it, they got the turnstiles open already.
They got a bunch of bright face to punk's there and they take your ticket with a smile on their plus.
Although they weren't too happy to see me, I noticed, but nevertheless,
and you walk right in and my section, you walk right in and there it is.
And you go down two steps and you're in your asses in your seat.
God was that great. And then you got to take a leak. No problem at all.
You walk right outside your section, you go about 10 feet right there is the gigantic tea room.
There's men's room. Then there's a lady's room. It's alternates every section.
So you have to walk maybe 10 feet at most. And of course the tea rooms are gigantic.
I heard drilling sounds in there which were kind of suspicious.
Well, it was opening now, you know. But gigantic humongous and clean and spanking etc and so on.
In fact, there were a couple of guys taking a leak. They said,
boy, we feel this is like an honor like we're breaking these urinals in.
No, seriously, it's like when you go to Roots Chris and they have the ice in the urinal.
You know, when they first open the joint, you get to early at five o'clock when they open for dinner.
And you go in to take a leak before you have dinner, which of course,
any self-respecting guy does that. And you go in to take a leak and there's all this fresh ice sitting in the urinal.
You've never seen that? You just, you know, they don't have that in McDonald's.
I'm sorry, Fattjo has never seen that. Just don't eat in the right joints.
But at any rate, the fresh ice is in there and you pee on the fresh ice and you watch it melt.
And you feel like, wow, this is great. And the steam rises.
Yeah, the steam rises from the other thing and the odor and then you run out of there.
I didn't do that.
It's 109. See, that wasn't really appetizing, giving them the shell spots.
So like I said, we'll be doing a gallery right by the gallery of the borders tomorrow noon to two and four Lauderdale.
Would you go right out sunrise? Just go east on sunrise until you can barely go east on more, right? Am I right?
I haven't been there in two years. I don't remember even exactly what it is.
It's right before the beach. It's on the right before the beach.
Nune to two tomorrow. And by the way, Santa Chant tells me the best of Nile 97 and 98, the two volumes are in the borders in Broward all over already this morning.
And they're going to get them in the day ones by noon today or thereabouts.
So today they're doing it and we'll give you that phone number and hopefully we're going to raise a lot of money.
And also on the show day we're going to talk about all the money we're going to get from inside from the.
You don't believe that? Like we used to with IOD?
Oh yeah, we used to get nice tests. Even when PaxiNone did run a wolf feet bulger, everybody used to participate.
That's not going to happen here? No.
Ten minutes after 10 to 5. I'm 60WQAM.
So getting back to last night to grab a Ganza in the Macarena, my first game ever in there in my great seats,
which I love and enjoy tremendously. The place is sparkling. It's beautiful. There's not a bad view in a house.
The only problem like I said is the people who are designed it weren't I don't think necessarily hockey people per se.
Because there were a few oversights and I know I didn't want to hear other people belly aching.
But that was belly aching about personal stuff. This is belly aching from the standpoint of a fan who really understands the game.
Which I can understand why they didn't do that here because they don't understand it anyway.
The shot clocks, you look up on a big gigantic scoreboard and what a breath of fresh air and improvement.
That is over those crappy things that you had to be you had to be Superman to be able to see those things and you all those diamond vision things.
Scoreboard is great. The only problem is the shot clock is not on the scoreboard.
They're way, way down on the ends. And if you have like good binoculars or a telescope, you can see what the shots are.
That's number one.
Number two, the goal lights, like I said yesterday, I'm really amazed.
They have like a little dinky red light on one side, a little dinky green light on the other side for the end of the period.
By the way, when that first period ended, was there a buzzer?
Oh, was there a horn? No, there was a sound.
The referee finally looked around and blew his whistle. So I think the periods over guys.
A little bit of, you know, we're getting there.
We have our same great PA announcer, by the way.
They got the PA fixed from evidently what it was before, so I didn't find them.
Oh!
He's great.
And what was the other one thing of a...
Oh man, the out of town scoreboards.
You know, why didn't they consult with me first?
Even old Maple Leaf Gardens up there in Toronto, rest in peace very soon.
Even an old joint like that for years has had those little individual out of town scoreboards for each game.
So you can see what period... See, I hate to break the news to you, but for those of us who really are fans, we do want to know the scores of the other game.
And they could have very easily, they have a lot of room that they could have put those up there on the all around the arena, so that we could follow the other games,
assuming that we have any interest with some of us do.
But they didn't do that.
So, you know, there are a few old missions and maybe they'll come along and they'll, you know, they'll correct some of them.
But other than that, anybody's got any complaints about the comfort of money, and yes, the food is very, very expensive.
Is it good? I don't know, because I had to die at soda.
But very expensive.
But there's lots of it. There's certainly a lot of variety and we need your money.
As far as the team is concerned, I'll tell you one thing, and I'm the first person to say, if I'm wrong or if I discover something,
that Peter Warrell, he was garbage last year. This kid couldn't skate a lick. He was a joke.
Last night, played a hell of a first period.
Improved a skating 600 percent, throws his body around just like he did before.
Had a couple of good scoring chances, muscled out muscle guy for the puck and the offensive zone.
Peter Warrell, I think it's going to be a player, guys.
Oh!
Look pretty damn good.
Victor Kauslow, going to be a superstar.
Oh!
No question. And this Peter Ratchock, he'd look pretty good. I thought last night too.
Great Whitney had a good shot.
Or two. And other than that, there wasn't much to see.
Wasn't too much. Was a vision game.
People are busy getting the lay of the land.
In fact, I was looking around over the other side, which is where ordinarily we would have been sitting behind the penalty boxes, now we're behind the benches.
But I didn't recognize a whole lot of faces.
Dr. Mark, the one that does...
Yo, it's Sakka, the varsky.
That guy, Dr. Mark, his wife came by and said, hi, we love them.
But I looked for some old friends from the old section at the arena.
Didn't see any of them over there.
Because it was an exhibitionist game and half the people weren't there.
So I think that once we get the regular season started, then you'll see the ambiance developed in the building.
And they'll start rocking and you'll be loud.
There's nothing to be allowed about it. It's an exhibition game.
Most of us aren't even paying very much attention on what's going on out there.
Because it's a real game.
No.
A little cock out there.
A little exercise.
Get the feel of the thing.
But I enjoyed it tremendously.
And I'm going to tell you what a difference, what a breadth of fresh here.
And I know this is selfish. Isn't it? Isn't it selfish on my part?
To say that I can drive there in four and a half minutes.
And drive home in about three minutes?
Yes, stayed for one period, which was plenty for an exhibitionist game.
Stopped off at Publix, loaded up on some good stuff.
Was home by 830 last night in time to watch the Cubs that Atlanta.
Boy, did that Kevin Taffney pitch a great game last night for their Cubs?
Only to wind up, oh, geez.
And they lose an extra innings.
Sorry about that, guys.
Uh-huh.
Too bad.
It's the Hello again and it's so did Tom Klaven.
Great game.
Cubs are really doing a too bad hairies in the ground.
Can we dig him up please just one time?
Just prop his ass up there and really feel for these.
For the next game anyway, the last one.
So we're going to be debating.
We're going to have to take up an office pool to see who's going to give the biggest check for center one
from inside the building other than yours, truly.
Is it going to be Greg Reed?
No.
Oh, by the way, it was the nephew speaking of the Reed family.
It was Chris Reed, the nephew.
He's the one that distributed all the best of NELCDs to the borders all over town and is working on the dead county locations today.
Sam is just reporting the information.
Do you know what I'm saying?
Uh-huh.
That's right.
Chris, that's his lackey.
He's running around, doing all the delivery.
Sam is in here to report that it's being taken care of.
So I just want to make sure you understand that.
Also, the center one phone number for our best of is working now as we speak.
954-5633-600.
954-5633-600.
You can order your best of NELCDs and cassettes and et cetera.
It's on, of course, a lot of the t-shirts.
There are two tomorrow at borders.
Now, I must address this whammy situation.
I haven't talked about them a lot lately.
Thank God for obvious reasons.
What is it to talk about?
It's your monster's mass station.
I know this very jackass has got a little uh-
caustic thing in there this morning and his column in the words it.
If I got very jackass here it is.
Very dillars whammy 69, which already has rested.
He writes from Channel 33 as prepared to bid against UPN-33
for rights to Marlon Games after the sale of John Henry has finalized, which it will.
Already the competition is getting nasty, says very jackass.
Channel 33 General Manager Bill Ballard, who decided not to match 69's offer for heat games,
notes that Bud Paxons' new network, Channel 35 locally,
often is out drawn Channel 69 in prime time.
We warned the people with the heat that whammy wouldn't be a factor in the ratings
and they have not been Ballard said.
If this were a NASCAR race, Bud Paxons would be looking at Barry Diller in his rearview mirror.
Respotted Adam Weir, an executive with Derrius A Broadcasting,
since today we entered the market, UPN is embarked on a calculated campaign of negative selling.
Times must be tough at UPN and we wish them well.
No, we don't.
But at any rate, so speaking of whammy, which has degenerated now to me,
and just like all the other schlockstations, you know, with all the reruns, just like Paxons doing,
now they got MASH and they got the months, they got the cartoons and the K-PAUSE USA.
And that's basically what they're so-called local programming has degenerated into.
And starting this next week instead of being on twice, and I'm only going to be on at 10-30,
I watched the little at 10-30 last night.
It was much more interested in the Cubs' Braves game to be honest with you,
but I flipped over and watched parts of it ordinarily when our show comes on on whammy.
The audio level is about two thirds of what it is for the rest of the station.
So you have to turn the volume way up on your TV to hear what I'm talking about.
It's very low and the very marginal quality.
Last night on the 10-30 show, it was about maybe a fifth of what the volume is,
and what the audio is on the rest of the station.
So you had to crank it up so loud in order to hear what the hell was going on,
and then it was allowed hum on the sound too last night.
So it made me kind of think back to those first days when I put that show on,
and then June, the tremendous embarrassment and the glitches in the black spot.
Is it getting better? It's a-
No.
Getting worse.
In addition to which now that they've cut it down to 10-30, I'm thinking to myself,
now that the sense of this show ends in a two-and-a-half-a-noon that gives eight-and-a-half hours.
So instead of having these old rehash, because it's like the best of Neil on Radio,
these tapes we use to play which are crap, which are garbage, because they're all dated.
This show is me talking about whatever is going on.
Now, timely. This is a dated show.
I'm not just sitting here talking about generic stuff that I could be talking about anytime.
I'm not going to do that. There's no point in that.
So the fact that that show was on, and here I am talking about stuff that happened two days ago,
and then they were running reruns, so like 10 days ago, it's like 20 days ago.
The point I'm trying to make is that if there were any chance that people were going to watch that show to begin with,
there have been things that have been done to just about make sure that nobody would.
How many people are really going to make the effort?
If you're clicking across your channel surfing, and here comes the channel.
And you can't even hear what the guy is saying on there.
Are you going to sit there and start cranking the volume up to about the 80% or are you just going to continue moving on?
I think is what you're probably going to do.
So nice job over there.
You guys who are running that show and are really, we got some people over here working their asses off today,
and every day trying to do a job with this thing.
But you people over there, the two Nazis, man.
These guys, no, nothing about television. Absolutely nothing.
That's why Paxney puts on father-dowling mysteries and Dr. Quinn, medicine jerk off, whatever that show is.
And right away they got two and three shares, of course.
Because those are from a year old crap. Naturally that was going to happen, which is meaningless because it's the same old turd.
They are expecting to put on a year.
And these people, you know, it's a crapshoot.
They take a shot, they put a bunch of stuff.
It's like the old saying, if it's run off crap against the wall, some of it will stick.
And that's what they thought when they started.
Here is our loud, here is a fag kneel, here is the ocean drive, here is.
And the only thing that even came close to sticking, little bit was tense, because they got almost naked people on there.
What have I been telling you? Not that they get great numbers, but compared to the rest of the local shows, they at least are respectable.
Because people want to see flesh.
And maybe if the show had been done like on a timely basis, which we started at in the beginning, but there was so many glitches technically that it didn't really make any difference.
What I was talking about, nobody could have possibly watched.
So do you think that now that we only had the 1030 show to start worrying about on Monday, that instead of having this stuff from like way in the past on whammy, we might be having a show from the same day?
No. You think that's impossible? No. You think they might be talking about it over there? No.
Now what they're probably talking about is getting a one extra episode of mash on their 1030 starting on November 26th.
All right. That's what we need.
1025 at 5.
Bring the last night. We want to hear the good stuff. We don't want to hear any complaints.
I mean, if you got something minor like the stuff about the shot clocks, which you can't see, that's hockey stuff.
Well, personal belly, can we hear a couple of days ago? How could anybody go into that place compared to what we've been subjected to last five years with that drive down to Hershey Highway.
To that right infested toilet down there is called the Miami Arena and that awful neighborhood.
How could anybody walk into this joint, the Macarena, and not have a small intercourse say, God, this is pretty God damn good.
I like it. Like my jersey too, by the way. Thanks guys. The Panthers love me, baby. I was looking for what's your name there with. We love you. How can't find that?
We love you, Panthers. Is that in here? It's not in here.
Well, I better know it's not in here. Thank God it's not in here. Nobody wants to hear that. Okay. It's an act of God.
Feel God. I couldn't find it. 1026 at 5.
The QA.
So, uh, where's the, uh, Davey Gravy line? Think about that. 1031 at 560. WQA and 567.
That's our toll free number for the whole world in, uh, Dayton, Broward, et cetera. And pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Let's dive into what today and see what happens. Okay. Come on. Let's dive into it. No.
Here's a mobile and West Palm Beach. Hello. Dale. Yes, sir. When you talk about atmosphere, when you look at the division of Panthers or in, when you look at the
Franklin Times, the good teams come in. The regular season has become meaningful. It's very difficult to get atmosphere.
That's the biggest problem with the game now. Meaning what? You don't understand? No, what are you saying?
What I'm saying is the regular season becomes so meaningless and it has to be. How do you know what the, I don't agree with that at all.
There's to go to a regular season game and Maple Leaf Gardens at last two years and they've stumped the joint out and there's still tremendous atmosphere inside the building. No matter who.
There's a lot of trouble. Resort there. Why? I mean, if they want to get to what I just got to say or you just got your own little routine.
Well, you know what the atmosphere? How do you know what it's going to be when they haven't played a regular season game yet when the place hasn't been packed with 19,700 people yet?
Okay. For instance, if the Rangers or the fly has come in, you don't see the, how about when the red wings come in, the Stanley Cup champions, they're going to be here soon. How about when they come in?
If they play the team eight times in a season, you would have at least, okay. Well, thanks for your enthusiasm, sir. We have an open line at Broward to a day five six seven oh five fifty boring, boring guy boring call boring comment.
Okay. Doesn't make any difference who you're playing if the game is exciting and if the crowd is into it and if we have a product out there that we can get
confused about which we may or may not. Based on what I saw last night, there's really no way to tell because it's a stupid exhibition game.
But just like these other people say, well, you know, they're just forcing the same ambia. There is no ambiance for an exhibition game. There never has been and they never will be.
When the places have empty and people are just looking around and getting the lay of the land and fitting their ass in their seat and whatever they're doing and they play a little grab ass,
getting to know who their new neighbors are where they're sitting, which we didn't have too many thank goodness. Two open lines of day five six seven oh five sixty pound five six the on the 18 T wireless line.
Miami with 12 question marks. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, I'm going to say there's no cold. We have an open line in the day at all three of them five six seven oh five six the and pound five six the on the 18 T line.
Here's call spring. Hello. Good morning. Yes, sir. I was watching the show last night. I thought there was something wrong with my TV. I was playing with the volume.
Then that the blonde dolly comes on. Yeah, with the commercials and it's like the volume comes up to normal and bless you across the room.
Exactly. No, everything else that's on there is a normal volume that you have on any other TV station. So if your channel surfing, I mean, it would be you have no change of volume.
When my show comes on, it's always been very low level. But last night it was solo. Who knows? Maybe they're sabotaging it on there. Maybe they're doing their best to a knock at anything on.
I would hope not, but you're right. It was very, very low last night. And you know, well, maybe because maybe Juliannie was in town had something to do. That might be it. Yeah. Well, I wasn't at the year at the game last night, but I would dig go down to hockey fast.
I don't see how anybody can complain about the about the arena places. Great. That's unbelievable. I'm a bill basketball fan and I'm waiting for them to finish the arena. The new one downtown.
I hate to have to go with the the slip still. Yeah, but anything to get out of that other hell. Right.
We had to have to wanted through a bunch of desperate bums and panhand and all the scalpers and all the other crap going on.
This place is spotless. Man, you drive in there and you feel as safe as like if you're sitting in your own living room. Maybe even better.
I just I wish that the heat we're going to play there because I live like this. I'll be home in 12 minutes. Right. I envy you with the three minute ride. Great. Good show. Keep it up. Have a great day.
OK, we have an open line to Broward all of the county. We're going to get any response in day today or back up to the same old.
Oh, three misfits indeed five six seven oh five 60.
Five six the on the AT&T wireless line. Is this continues to be an inexplicable week? I think maybe rumor had a.
Here's a mobile in the pop it'll be chill. Mobile in pop it'll be okay. Last call today. Here's point and beach. Hello.
Neil, how are you doing? OK, sir. Great to see you back, but you're not going to start the hockey show again. I guess you're going to kill us up here. Meaning what?
Oh, hockey's horribly boring horribly pondering and I'm sure it only feels a very small percentage of your. Let me let me ask you this question.
OK, the last three days Tuesday yesterday and Wednesday that they in between I hardly talked at all. I don't think I even mentioned hockey except for the game last night. Yeah, it's great. And let me ask you.
What what did anybody have to say about the last three days? What would you like to talk about anything that has no.
Don't have it. You would have said anything. Let me say it again. What would you like to talk about today besides hockey? I'm just I just mentioned it because we had the game last night.
It was my first chance to see the new arena. But since that doesn't interest you, what would you like to talk about that you think is interesting? How did you bash religion a little bit?
What? Yeah, there you go. Let's bash religion. There's something new. Bash religion. Sir, you're one dimensional. You're pathetic and you're very sad. And yes, I'll talk about whatever I want to talk about just like I always have.
And you know something you'll still be listening. And so will everybody else. See the greatest thing that people have nothing to say is what they do is they call they criticize whatever you're talking about.
Oh, gee, how can you be talking about villain of blank? Whatever it is. Then make a difference what it is. And no hockey is not boring. OK. And I'll tell you one thing right now.
It's a lot more exciting than all that crap football that most of you have been watching this year so far, especially the NFL, which the quality of play the caliber is so bad now that how to help anybody watch it 90% of the games are coma inducing 95% of the teams in league are so bad they're an embarrassment.
But hey, I don't confuse them and because that's their thing. Two open lines in day one and Broward 5 6 7 0 5 60 and pound 5 60 on the 18 T line. Here's a mobile in Bokeh. Hello.
Mobile in Bokeh. Hey, now you fight it. What's going on? OK. Two open lines and Broward to and Dave. This is this is the end. This is the absolute end this week.
Went on a vacation had myself a great time. Got rid of those best updates. George did a fine job filling in. I come back Monday was OK. And that's the end of our show as we know it.
Is there any particular reason that we can figure out? No. We have just nothing but a bunch of bug progs is all we got out there. There is a you know, and the people that do this is the amazing thing. It reminds me of the chat room on our website, which I haven't looked at it months by the way. Thank God.
There is nobody who likes this show. That's the best part. How have I been this successful? There is nobody out there who likes me like George likes the show likes the topics like the subject matter likes anything about it.
This is one of the greatest phenomena in the history of the human God damn race. Like Davey Gravy line would say it's not a radio show. It's a phenomenon. Whatever that means.
Unbelievable. Five. This is this is my last effort today. I have no idea what the deal is out there in radio land. I have no idea how many people out there got a rag way up inside there.
I have no idea what the deal is out there. I have no idea what the deal is out there. I have no idea what the deal is out there. I have no idea what the deal is out there.
I have no idea what the deal is out there. I have no idea what the deal is out there. I have no idea what the deal is out there. I have no idea what the deal is out there.
I have no idea what the deal is out there. I have no idea what the deal is out there. I have no idea what the deal is out there. I have no idea what the deal is out there. I have no idea what the deal is out there. I have no idea what the deal is out there.
I have no idea what the deal is out there. I have no idea what the deal is out there. I have no idea what the deal is out there. I have no idea what the deal is out there. I have no idea what the deal is out there. I have no idea what the deal is out there. I have no idea what the deal is out there. I have no idea what the deal is out there. I have no idea what the deal is out there. I have no idea what the deal is out there. I have no idea what the deal is out there. I have no idea what the deal is out there. I have no idea what the deal is out there. I have no idea what the deal is out there. I have no idea what the deal is out there. I have no idea what the deal is out there. I have no idea what the deal is out there. I have no idea what the deal is out there. I have no idea what the deal is out there. I have no idea what the deal is out there. I
have no idea what the deal is out there. I have no clue what the deal is out there. How is it going to make money? How is it going to make money? You know, we will give you something to give you something to give you something to give you some money. The deal is for you, which means that we just have the budget from the whole Kraft nach vous. So you've been working on the expense. And truly, you left these in the purchasing system or the cost. And remember, mean, we just didn't really do anything. We don't know how many we have met in in the product, we just just now decided that we just were having a crisis. And this was my Fundamental keeps doing whatever we wanted things to God work out about. We talked about this process. We talked about this process. We talked about this process of financial funds, and this was my Fundamental kept doing whatever we wanted things to God art, but the deal did state what was going to be kind of you know, 16 affair and what empezary
5 6 7 0 5 6 the pound 5 6 the other 18 T wireless line here's North Miami. Hello
Neil yes, sir. Welcome back. Well, yeah
This is the best welcome back in the history of my 80 years on the year in this town
This is the biggest town instead. What is it?
Where is in the world for it? It died. I went away for a week in a whole town right up into a prune and died
It's dribbled and then died in the town too. So the arena is pretty nice, huh?
It's not pretty nice. It's spectacular. It's beautiful. I can't wait to get there anyway
I'm calling about the cubs last night. Yeah, I cannot believe this Bobby Cox try to give you that try to give you the game
I mean this happening he thrust my ass last night. Why is that he pitched a great game the last better
I gotta hear you jackass
Is there anybody out here with a brain? No, this guy comes out there pitches a phenomenal game
He gives up one lousy run and then I'm sending hobby low-fizzes a home run
And this guy's bitching about Kevin tapety who puts they spec-tack it or a stupendous game
For the cubs last night
He's up there against Tom Glavin who maybe the goddamn best pitcher in the oh well
Certainly one of them in the national league right now along with Kevin Brown and
This guy is a belly is sir. You're like all the other so-called sports fans
We need to get on another radio station George. We need to get rid of this cancer
We need to get away from this. This was the greatest mistake. Thank you. Norma can't for getting me involved in this place
Jesus Joseph and look at this two calls left on the board here now
Worked my fever into a fever picture to get everybody on the air. We line lit up and they're like here for 10 seconds
Just keep those checks coming
Are you not gonna talk about that?
Well, you tell me what you want while I'm having to talk about about a bashing religion. Oh, that's very original sir. God bless you
Two open lives and date one and Broward five six seven oh five sixty pop five sixty on the AT&T wireless line
That's Kevin's happening give up one last time. What kind of a comeback is he huh?
So what you know about baseball you could stick inside your rectum and have lots of room leftover for watermelon bowling balls
direct assets. Oh
My god
Market is down 78 points by the way it was 4c4 so you know
Soon. How much for him to lose again today? They said it might bounce
It's bouncing alright
Here's a mobile in four-letter deal. Hello. Hey, don't know. I'm the how am I doing?
I'm doing the best at that boy Scott. I'm doing the best to do my duty
Don't tell me people are actually gonna go to the
Path of a watch Peter were are they meaning what I mean?
They got it when the games on the line the guy ain't gonna be on the ice is a good
Did you see they have you seen him this year?
No, I have it. I don't know how you know what you're talking about because he was okay
Well, let me say to you a director. Let me say to you again
He improved this skating ability 5,000 percent ice palm the first period last night. He played damn good
Okay, well, we'll see what he does
But I bought the board they guys following my house and so I think great nice go answer
Okay, we have an open line and day one in brow
But another another guy who's loud and makes a lot of noise who has no idea what he's talking about
That sports talking this town people who are very loud and very emphatic who have no idea what they're talking about
Peter will look tremendous last night and I was his biggest critic last year
He was a joke and in the the change in the interim is spectacular. There's some hope there
But no, let's not be positive. Let's just be negative. Let's just be sour and let's talk about all the negatives
Okay, well, I'll leave that to you. Okay, cuz you're all experts at it
Here's Miami hello
Yeah, sir, how you doing? I'm doing the worst in my life sir. That's how I'm doing
You don't you don't like talk about sports right I talk about whatever I feel like talking about sir
What do you want to talk about I want to talk about football YouTube?
Bastard. Yeah, okay. You speak bastard. I don't
Two open lines and date five six seven oh five sixty pop. I see this is all we got
So all we got left out there are a bunch of people they hate me they hate the show
I'm a Jew. I'm a bag. Yeah, I am what else what's a bulletin? I suck. Yeah, like I said, what's the bulletin?
That was down 62 make it a little bit of a comeback
Maybe we can go for an even Steven day would that be a much higher? There you go. That would be something
Here's Lake Worth. Hello
Good morning. Yes, sir. You know in a strange way. I think you have your own self to bring for you demise
You know, you put your gun
Another one. Here comes another one. Well, it's not a show at the bottom. Yeah, the way you're listening to it
There's nothing left to listen to everything else in other
I have nothing else to do you have nothing else to do between ten and two but listen to this show and complain about how it's gone down
The tube and I put George on and how terrible that was incidental and you know something if I wouldn't have put George on
We don't have the tapes of me which would have been even worse and you'd been bitching about that bitch bitch bitch
Philly eight Philly eight and you wonder why people get out of here like the first minute
They open up the goddamn door to a plane to a bus to a pup tent to a goddamn rubber ramp
Just eight billion sour negative assholes in the naked city and I came back to him this time
Oh god am I delighted that I'm back aren't I oh?
Yes, damn radio show like the same thing I've been doing for 20 years only I can actually breathe because I had a few days off out of this toilet
So on this end this show hasn't gone down the tube on this end this show is doing fine on your end is where the goddamn show is gone down the tubes
Cuz you got nothing to say but give me a big critique you don't like this and you don't like that
Yeah, well, you know something blow it out your ass
People like this asshole there these this is the reason why this town is such a toilet people like this
Now what is that what is cliff? What does that what does that mean? You're pooled, man
Oh, it seems we got a talk to cliff
What the hell do you want?
I'll be what do I want just what I said yes, hey we might take that you're probably
We have an open-line and Broward five six seven oh five six the and pot five six the other 18 and T wireless line
You put Wacker get out of my face. We don't even have to damn tapes yet. Where's this tape that I promised him?
I wouldn't give you a tape from a tapeworm okay
Go clean the pool and get out of here you lackey go get on a banana boat and go back where we came from
Here's Miami hello. Hi Neil. Hi, you're doing the man. I shouldn't ask I guess I'm doing fine
I'm sitting here doing my end and I'm listening to one asshole after another sir well then clip the pool man
Yeah, well, I hope I'm not my pool man's an asshole well, mine is I
Can't believe that guy's putting up that thing after last night. He like put down two perfect ones yet an amazing game
Yeah, I mean okay, so they blew it in the end cuz cuz have you loath as kind of homework?
What can you do you know exactly and this is the way the braves that got so many good players out there
You know chipper Jonesy shut him down all night
Then he gets the if the driving to win he won in the 10th inning that's Atlanta for you
They got just the tons of weapons in their lineup and you know as it was Bobby Coss gave the Cubs a run by playing the infield back
During the fifth inning which was a bonehead deal
That's right. Nobody talked about on the telecast but nevertheless it was a hell of a game
Well, how can anybody meet belly ache and after a guy goes out there and pitches a great game like that
Well, not the cops have been doing that all year anyway
They've been like making it exciting in the end right what can you do right?
Yeah, I just was in Europe a couple of weeks ago and they had been in jerry's all over the place right in that fish food though
Oh, yeah, they do an Amsterdam. Oh, I guess I guess I haven't reached all of you all of you
They're spreading their testicles and tentacles all over the place. There you go
Well, I hope things get better for you. They can't get any worse pal have a great day you two Zagas on
We have an open line at day five six seven oh five sixty the natives are they hostile are they restless are they angry?
Are they pissed off fired up you bet?
Do we know why no, but they're fired up and pissed off. They're in a sour-ass god damn move
The douse making a comeback is down less than 50 points now. What do you belly? You can about okay?
Just because all our money is vanishing in front of our eyes
Tells the big deal with that it's only money
Here's Miami. Hello
Blue yes, sir Neil. Yes, I just want to call and talk about this new arena and for a long ago
I don't see why so many people who go from Miami State County up there when nobody from
Broward even likes coming down here. They talk so much crap about Miami and how bad it is not that it's a perfect place to live
Oh, it's a way
I'm gonna
I think now that the two counties are in competition with each other
I think they should have their own new station their own everything like listen just them be them and let us be us and that's it
I'm tired of sharing and I'm tired of digging back in it's just ridiculous
Okay, great have a great life in Dave County sir good luck to you
Open line that's from all of us who live in Broward for you, okay?
Open line in date as usual 5 6 7 0 5 6 the in Palm 5 6 the on the 18 P wireless line
See they don't want to go to Tampa because then I'm interested in the team that plays there okay
We have a team here. That's why we go there just like the rest of us for five years went out to Miami to see our team because that's where they played
Here's a mobile in Davie hello
Neil yes, sir I
Gotta tell you that the arena last night. I was that I was in my seats in 17 minutes from my house at temperate pines
My wife and kids absolutely love it. I think it's the first class place, right?
And I love the Panthers
I think they're a scrappy young team and I think we got a good shot of
Making a good showing this year and I got to say
The difference between driving to Miami and driving up the sawgress is a
It's like a pleasure. I can't tell you how happy we are to have this arena here
And it's no negativity this guy's belly. I can the guy before you and he can't he can't handle the fact that most of us
Don't want to drive into a slum to pay big money to go see a sporting event
What a concept I'm a I'm like you. I'm a season kick holder from day one
And you know what I'll go anywhere to see a hockey it doesn't matter to me
I get out of my car and a protected parking lot in Miami. I walk across the street. I'm in the arena four years
I never had a problem
So that's a lot of baloney all people this town wanted to do is this and money complaint and I'll tell you what
I'm so happy that we have this new arena in Broward talk to you later
Okay, and I got a call from Dave County
Guess what we won't miss you in the new arena because it'll be jam packed with real living and breathing people and you can stay in Dave County
Enjoy yourself
Have a great time two open lines indeed five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18th wireless line
10 55 on QA and we got to six we got Kimba Bulk caper six o'clock and a 745 Yankees and the Rangers
Game of three if you're looking
I
With
I hate you. I hate your show. You're going into toilet, but I'm listening because there's nothing else to do.
That's great. That's a hell of a commentary on this town. I'm listening. You're suck. I hate your show. I hate you like poison. You should only croak, but there ain't nothing else to do.
We have an open line in Dayton two and two in Dayton one and Howard five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line on a present Friday. Hope you're having a great week out there.
We sure are an issue. I'll tell you that. The greatest week in the history of my twenty five twenty five thousand years in this town. This is the week that was mobile in Pompeno. Hello.
Yes, sir. People should be nicer. Neil. How are you? I'm calling you. Enjoy your show. Not a question whether they should be nicer. They should have like something to say. Yeah, at least you through brain a little bit. Hey, listen, I got a question for you. I haven't got my wife interested in hockey since they could throw the rats on the ice.
Is there anything they can throw on the ice now at those games at that beautiful arena just without disrupting the game for twenty minutes? What does that mean?
I want you to stop and think about what you're saying in other words for the game to be exciting for you and your wife. They have to throw crap on the ice. Is that it?
Not for me. Not for me. I love the game. I got my wife interested in football. She's an incredible fan now. Yeah. But during that run, what are they throwing? What are they throwing to field of the football games?
Just just just each other. Yeah. That's pretty crazy. The action is good. There's more hitting in a football game than there is in a hockey game. Is that where you're saying sure there's not enough action for your wife in a hockey game? Well, in a hockey game, my
wife is more hitting in three minutes of a hockey game. There was an NFL game in the whole game put together. Yeah, you don't have to tell me about hockey. I was a player. I was talking about. I'm just saying that while she while they were throwing the rats on the ice and everybody was getting crazy at the pants.
Yeah, she got caught up in the frenzy. She's not a fan though. She could be a fan again though. If they start well, guess what? Let's throw her on the ice. Okay. There's the answer for you. Throw her fat ass on the ice. All right. Well, I'll pay extra to come on.
You can see that crazy bitch. Boy, oh boy. There you go again. There you go. Another. I want you to start taking notes. Those of you who are listening seriously. I want you to start taking notes. You can write a book that'll be a best seller. Nobody will believe it because these people. Many of them are actually serious. This guy was serious.
Two open lines in day. County. Do we have anybody in day listing besides those are three little a spit. Cranks. No, that's it. Okay. Sorry. Just checking five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on a mobile one line. Mobile in Miami Beach. Hello.
Neil. Yes, sir. I'm a day. County. I'm listening. Yeah. You're the one. How are you doing? Okay. I'm telling you you get back to vacation. Everybody's crashing. What's going on? I have no idea. Pal just totally unexpected. I haven't got any.
What their problem is like something changed on the show or changed in their lives. I have no idea. So they went over hurricane and they went out there. They bought a lot of kangaroids and crap and they're pissed off about it. So get a take it out of Brian Norcross. Don't take it out on me. Well, I love the show. And I think George does a great job when you're gone. Yeah. How was your vacation vacation was great. Where'd you go? I went to Amsterdam and Belonia. You got a great time. Yes. Can I ask you a football question? We're not talking about football, sir. Not one question. What is it? I heard Monday night football. I was going to say, I was going to say, I was going to say, I was going to say, I was going to say, I was going to say, I was going to say, I was going to say, I was going to say, I was going to say, I was going to say, I was going to
say, I was going to say, I was going to say, I was going to say, I was going to say, I was going to say, I was going to say, I was going to say, I was going to say, I was going to say, I was going to say, anybody want to hold that
the quality of play in the NFL is deteriorating dramatically and people are going to just sit
there and watch it just because it's there.
I get hockey taken it away, huh?
No, it's not.
What is how they're going hockey games going on now?
Yeah, well, though.
Have a great day, pal.
OK.
Open line in day 5 6 7 0 5 6 the take more notes.
And you get that down.
Take some more notes.
Please, I want you.
I'm begging you.
This is very important.
Open line in day 5 6 7 0 5 6 the pump 5 6 the other mobile one line.
What they could learn about the human race taking notes on these calls here on this sports
station.
This is a sports station.
Oh, Jesus God.
Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yes, me.
How are you doing?
OK.
Yeah, I would like to know if you play regular music.
If I want to play regular music.
We don't have a lot of people.
I play any music, sir.
This is not a music.
Sure.
Are you listening to the show?
Yes, I am.
And are we playing music?
No, that's all I want to hear.
No, we have to play the gold.
Listen to some of the gay, a reggae station, some gay station.
We have an open line in powered one and a five six seven oh five 60 pump five 60 on a
mobile one line.
Get back on your banana boat.
OK, pal?
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
No, you got to be paying for these colors.
I can't believe you, that's all just for being.
They must all just come in off rubber rafts while I was away for a week.
They must all sneak in.
I mean, one hour to be able to why can't we first things on the ice?
Happening stuff last night.
I mean, where do these people come from?
You mean, they say a lot of me.
And then the one guy is Ribbon Peter, who hasn't seen him play at this year after I come in
and talk about how much improved he is.
And I say, have you seen him play this year?
No.
I would.
And let's talk about that.
That's what this station is all about.
People calling in talking and having no idea what they're talking about, making all these
ostentorian comments as if they know something.
And they don't know what they're talking about.
Well, I was a couple of hours in A of that.
I was a boss of the game.
He is very improved.
He had a great move last night in front of the net in the first period.
Twice.
Yeah, he did get caught up in some penalties later, which they got to deal with.
But he's definitely more.
But compared to last year when he couldn't even stand on his skates when he was a laughing joke,
I mean, the improvement is tremendous.
Much improved.
You know, the guy who called in saying he wished Miami had their own foods and their own TV station ever.
They do.
They're all on a stand now.
Right, exactly.
So no problem.
You better get better with the program.
I'm going to put it on Channel 23.
Subito, yeah.
All right, man.
Take it easy.
I'll read it out.
Thank you.
I'll leave it.
Okay, we have our own.
I feel better.
Open line, indeed.
One in Broward.
56670560.
Pound 560 on the mobile one line.
The Dow is down 38th and as that's down 28th.
Are they interested in the economy?
No.
Are they interested in the president?
We got more reports coming out.
50 billion pages coming out.
We got Monica and Linda Trip tapes.
Did they care about that?
No.
They care about that beautiful new arena that we got up there in Broward?
No.
They care about the Jeb Bush?
No.
Do they care about anything?
No.
Okay, thank you.
Eight minutes after 11 a.k.a.
You're being very difficult with me this morning.
My name is Ross Blower.
Stand by 5 foot-goat and worth about 5 or 6 billion.
Never buy the jack.
Ain't had a license.
That's it.
Oh, but I'm willing.
Before I came to clear,
I won't fix my KGHM.
Cause I look kinda funny here.
But no party's not a no.
They say shouldn't waste their thought.
Can't bribe a guy with money.
Cause I got a lot of money.
I was money.
So much money and it's money.
Why don't you want to be sick of me?
Cause I ain't so bad.
Don't forget Borders.
Don't forget.
Don't forget.
Don't forget.
Everybody vote for me.
Mr. Mouse went paid for by a committee to elect Ross Burrow.
I'm a person who's 560.
I tell you, he'll probably be back on every night next week.
We're Larry.
They're gonna be doing it at the moment.
Right on TV.
Don't forget Borders at the Galleria tomorrow
from noon to 2 and 4 in Lauderdale with our center one best up.
That should be a real revelation.
I just can't wait for that.
To see if actually anybody shows up if we have any like real living and breathing normal.
No, seriously.
After this week, I mean, I'm really wondering.
And then of course this coming Tuesday on October 6th, 6th, 8pm,
at the pizza lot, the 35, 14th South University Drive in Davy.
Where we last year or where, when, how was it?
Oh, that wasn't the center one thing.
That was when I came back on the air, right?
We had the two multivistriker again to turn out and it was great.
Let's see if anybody living and breathing shows up this time.
Whether there's still anybody out there.
No.
Not that we have our doubts.
Here's a lady mobile in Coral Springs. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Hi, Neil.
I'm a long time listener at an occasional column.
I love the show.
Uh-huh.
And I've got a couple things I wanted to talk about.
I thought that the people who want to throw things on the ice at the arena
should really be allowed to throw each other out onto the ice.
Oh, yeah. That's a good idea.
Really?
Like I said, it should throw his wife on the ice.
Well, I think it would solve two problems.
It would get rid of those people and then it would provide wonderful entertainment for everyone else.
Mm-hmm.
I love your show.
Unfortunately, I don't get to listen to it often during the day.
So I listen a lot in the evening.
And I think it's great.
My time of sanity every day.
Oh, yeah.
My time of sanity, too, right?
But I don't like the George Phil Vincere.
You don't?
No, I don't.
I said that people like George.
They should give George his own show and call it the George Show because really, you know,
I'm really waiting for you to announce the beginning of the All-Neal All-The-Time Network.
I know that it would be a real imposition on your personal life.
Oh, yeah.
That would be great, especially with the tremendous response I'm getting here just for four hours every day.
Let's try for about 20 hours a day.
I can take a nap for four hours and just do 20 hours of this every day for about a week till they put me in the box.
It's not fair to ask that of you, but unfortunately, you've always been the one voice that's raising down here.
And it's probably looking to you for so long.
OK, thanks a lot.
Bye-bye.
And see you.
George, just thank you, too.
We have a Dave County all open, all in Dave County.
There's something wrong.
There's something's sneaking real bad.
There's a stench of manure that's awafting in the air from Dave County.
It's in the air out there.
It's everywhere.
It's thick as frog.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, on the mobile line.
Remember, we did our thing down there at Nix, and we had the tremendous turnout, and we had all those wonderful people show up.
That wasn't all that long ago.
But something has happened in Dave County between then and now.
They've all vanished into nowhere.
They've gotten back on our banana boats.
Somebody has kidnapped them.
They've gone back to their homeland wherever it might be, which definitely is not here.
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing, Dave?
OK, sir.
I have to be driving down to that arena for college friends who I am.
It was such a pleasure.
So easy.
And reddipping comedy made us morale to the Japanese crew.
Yeah.
I mean, much dramatic.
He just has much better idea of what he was doing out there.
There he is.
Saving is vastly included.
I just want criticism of the arena.
The food, while it was expensive, and it wasn't bad, a lot of it, and we got back to our seats, it wasn't warm.
Yeah.
They didn't say, I don't know what they're warning, just for the prices you kind of pay.
You would hope that it could...
Maybe they'll give you a can of sternote to take back to the seat.
For a little food one, or something like that.
Like I said.
Thanks, Dave.
OK, pal.
See you there.
OK, we have an open line in the Broward to a date, 567-0560, 05-560 on a mobile one line.
Here's sunrise.
Hello.
Leo.
Yes, sir.
You commented that there's more hitting and hockey than football?
By far.
Are you a doofus if you watch the games with more hitting and football every plays ahead?
Sir, let me say this to you.
In football, they want to play.
There's not continuous action, football.
As you know, they want to play.
Then they go back to the huddle for 30 seconds, and they stand around and hold hands and by the mean fightable fight.
By the end of the schmuck.
Yeah, OK.
Thank you, sir, because I don't agree with you, I'm a schmuck.
Let me say it again.
There's more hitting in 5 minutes of any hockey game than you'll see in a whole NFL game any Sunday, any Monday night of your life.
And anybody who knows that even people that don't like hockey would admit that if they were watched the game,
would you probably have it, sir, because you're too dumb to understand it.
Football.
Oh, yeah, that continuous action of football.
How many people have actually taped a football?
I've done this in the past.
And actually taking out the, if you could narrow down the actual amount of action in the so-called 60th while the clock is rang during football game,
when they're not in a huddle, and they're not standing around the, but it will put about 72, 45, 69 up your ass height.
You know, all of a, the play lasts for how long, sir, for like three seconds.
Ten seconds is how long the play lasts, and how long does the actual hitting along the line of the scrimmage last for three, four, five seconds, maybe at the most?
And then they go back and that'll, OK, but I mean, but it will put about, you walk to the right, I'll stick it up your ass.
What are you talking about?
Whereas hockey is a continuous action that goes on and on and on, and until the whistle blows, until somebody blows, it doesn't stop.
But see, everything's got to be a contest.
If it's like, it's the same thing like with the dolphins and the jets thing I've been talking about in the mix and the, oh, my sport's better than yours.
And my religion's better than yours is, if you like football, sir, I like football.
If it's a good game, which unfortunately lead to last a couple of years, and it's getting more severe,
the quality of the play is crap.
So you can sit there and tell me I'm a schmuck because I don't agree with you or the majority of the public who obviously are on your side because the overwhelming majority are more into football than any other sport.
That's fine. You're entitled, but don't try to peddle me how great it is because I know better, because I remember when it was great.
Here's for Lauderdale. Hello.
What do you need three, four?
Three, one.
I was reminiscing when I said, yeah, but they're out of less field. I'm not prepared for.
You know what you're going to say it with the right.
Oh, sorry.
What do you need three for?
That's the way you do it.
Okay. Do you know when they're going back to a full car for the year?
October 28, sir.
Okay.
In any room will be open October 28 and they'll be going back to, uh, you think baby and all those guys are coming back?
Baby is already here.
Oh, yes.
Yeah.
Oh, okay.
That's what we needed.
Okay.
Well, I'm looking forward to it.
Okay. See you, Neil.
I'll see you there.
Pompino Park.
He's talking about the full, uh, the fall schedule, the dining room opens again October 28.
We have an open line in Brown.
I just, I'm just going to go up there. I mean, I, that's what I'll do.
I'll go to Pompino and, you know, it's better in playing the market.
Oh, the Dow is only down six point, 18 points.
Holy down, six points.
Oh, thank God.
It's making a comeback.
Just like the European market started out this morning.
I hate to break the news.
He would say, oh, my God.
Disactually fall again.
And all of a sudden, later in the day, they're making a nice big comeback, which it's already, uh, let's see, 520 in the afternoon over there.
They're already closed and 420 in London, which they're always in our behind for obvious reasons.
Here's Cutler Ridge.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
Hey, um, this is your board again, friend from Cutler Ridge.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Man, I tell you what, Neil, if I were you, I think I'd put a bowl in my head with all these calls this morning.
No, I'd rather put a wheel in there head.
It's boot.
Why is that?
I'm calling them for your defense, pardon me.
I'm not there.
I didn't say in your head.
Oh, if I were this one, you know, you guys would drive me nuts.
Yeah.
Um, I was just, uh, okay, I'm getting paid for it.
You know, whatever, whatever.
If they want to do this every day, if this is their idea, what the show is going to be every day, you know something.
I'll come in here and do this every day and I'll still take the check and run to the bank.
There you go.
It's funny how that, uh, you know, that they always, uh, call in and do it on you and then hang up and then they listen to them.
So I was when they think that, uh, and they're squeezing it.
That's right.
And they say they're only money.
But, uh, anyway, I wanted to talk to you about, uh, for a ball and hockey, you know, um, football.
I played football in college.
It means she gets.
And, uh, oh my God.
Anyway, but anyway, I was a big, big ball freak for pros and all that stuff.
But guys like Michael Irvin and those guys turn me completely off of pro football.
I don't even watch it anymore.
How about Gene Atkins?
I'm sorry.
Gene Atkins, who's that?
Gene Atkins, who's the play for the dolphins.
He's been charged with solicitation to get back.
What about a damn battery?
What about a shami shmi?
For the fire bombing of a former business partner, so I'm not about Mark Dupur.
But anyway, go ahead.
Yeah, I know.
That's what I'm saying.
Guys like that and they're, and they're, uh, $10 million contract.
About the Humphries.
Hey, anyway, moving along, yeah.
Good citizens.
But, uh, you know, they're big contracts and their big egos and their gold chains and their cell phones.
I mean, all right, makes you want to put it.
And also, I agree that I heard you say the other day that cell phones at sporting events.
Oh, plastic and plastic and all of the other.
It could be a disallowed.
Exactly.
They ought to shoot them in the head.
Unbelievable.
I'm going to have a great day, man.
Okay, and back to you, sir.
God bless you.
Oh, God.
Bless you.
We have an open line at day five, six, seven, oh five, sixty.
The natives are surly and we can't figure out what it is.
They're all out there, but they're surly.
They're pissed.
They're foaming at the mouth.
They're angry.
They're just full of hate.
Oh, it's Miami.
I'm sorry.
Here's a mobile.
I forgot my map.
Mobile in North Miami.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
Hey, I was just calling because you're whining about why people are not calling you from date, right?
I'm listening.
And that's just for things to do here in Dave County and like up there in Broward where it's terminal.
Like what?
Like what?
Like what?
None.
I'd like to take a look at it.
Very nice.
That's the other date.
There's other parts.
Oh, I see.
Well, what else?
How about the northern part?
Well, there's good stuff.
Stand on the INS on 79 in this game.
There we go.
But listen.
Tell me all the good stuff that's going on.
They can't meet.
Well, you let me.
I mean, listen.
All right.
There's good restaurants out here.
There's good entertainment.
It's out beach in the grove.
There's good beaches.
But you people are up in Broward.
They're too worried about being sad, whining, bitching and just being roughed up by life.
No, we're not.
We're not at all roughed up in the bitching in Broward.
We're very happy to be in Broward.
And I didn't know we had any battle going on between the days.
No, no.
No, no.
It's just like, you're only...
This is a new bad...
No, it's true.
They...
The response will last three months in this town in Dave County is not a good thing.
But I can't just tell you where I'm coming from.
What is it?
Listen.
This is where I'm making this point.
Because people like you who live in Broward and don't experience the good things of life down here in Dave.
They're always watching...
Like what?
Illegal aliens?
Illegal aliens.
I'm working Dave.
I'm sitting in Dave County right now, sir.
All right, let me ask...
In the radio station.
In the radio station.
Right now, I work in Dave County.
Is that...
Is that radio station that sucks?
Let me ask you.
Do you ever go out to South Beach and party in this town?
I don't go anywhere near South Beach.
I have that on.
I have no interest in South Beach.
Do you ever go to the Grove and Grove?
No, I do not.
I don't go anywhere near the Grove.
In addition to which I hate to break the news to you, sir.
But this show isn't on at night when people are out going to the clubs.
This show was on last time I checked from 10 in the morning to 2 in the afternoon.
Which is nothing to do with people calling or calling.
No, all right.
Now you go to South Beach.
There's a lot of people out there eating...
Drilling drugs, doing steroids, right?
Grabbing each other's ass.
Yeah, okay.
Have a good time, pal.
Have a good time.
So now we got it down.
It's the date in Broward War.
There you go.
Oh!
I haven't been...
I've been at a loss to figure out what else has been going on here since I came back from vacation.
And since I left, it was...
What the fuck is going on with Dave and Broward?
A war.
That's what it is.
It's a war between Dave and Broward.
How do you like that?
Do we like it?
Uh-huh.
Sure, why the hell not?
Brakes up the bordermen monotony.
Let's start here in about Dave and Broward.
Which one is better, okay?
That's a great topic for you.
You don't care about anything else that's going on in the world.
You don't give a crap about that slot in Monica.
That big fat cow-linda trip.
You don't care about the beautiful Norena we got up there in Broward that it was that last night.
Raving about how great it is, which it is.
Let's start here in about all the good stuff and date.
Let's hear it.
Open line in day 56670560.
Let's hear about all the goddamn great pickers down there, whoever the hell are picking.
No pickers.
Oh, we got a few no pickers in Davey too.
That's in Broward last time I checked.
It's 1125 at five.
Where do you find Joe Rose?
DeForest has Steve Colstein.
The first team right where you got it.
Sports radio 560 Q-A-M.
What are you talking about Dave County?
Oh, I'm sorry.
1132 at 560WQ-A-M.
I finally during this last break I finally figured out what all this whole football thing is.
That's a date club you moron.
Beyond the shadow of a doubt there is no question whatsoever.
I mean it's one thing if you like a sport better than another one.
I wonder if you like a restaurant better than another one.
But they get all bent out of shape and psychotic about it because you just refuse to face the facts.
I mean any asshole I would say that football is a more physical sport than hockey is a moron.
It's a foe though.
If you like it better you're entitled.
That's a matter of taste.
But to say that it's more physical that would be like saying that baseball is more physical and hockey.
Is it?
Oh yeah.
From Edas Mott hitting going on out there they're doing a few hits.
We have an open line in Dave 56070560.
Come on let's hear it Dave County.
You know I was thinking also during the break I do a lot of thinking like getting out of here.
How many people do I know who I've been in this town 23 years?
How many people do I know who have moved in that period of time from Broward to Dave?
100?
I don't know any.
You know.
I'm talking about people I know.
Nobody goes in that direction.
I'm not talking about that.
I'm talking about where they live.
I moved I lived in Dave for a year.
I lived in Kendall for five years.
Got out of there because it was conjectured.
It was becoming a red trap, a toilet and dangerous and then the crime infested.
You lived in Dave, North Dave.
North Dave wasn't North enough.
And now George lives in Broward.
I live in Broward.
Anybody else there in the building moved from Dave to Broward?
Everybody I know who ever lived in Dave County lives in Broward now or even Palm Beach.
Are there people who are flocking from Broward back to Dave now?
No.
I don't know of one.
I don't know of anybody who moves from a date or from a Broward or Palm Beach to Dave County.
No.
Even though they do have the good stuff done here on South Beach.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Are you doing?
Okay, sir.
Any fan clarification from you on something or one of your commercials?
And if anybody knows that you know that, is it true that the public butchers grind or meet ten times a day?
Yeah, they're grinding here right now.
I figured that out.
If anybody would know, you know that.
Yeah, they're back.
They're not.
I figured you it.
Okay, grind this.
Okay, we have an open line and date one in Broward.
56670560, Palm 560 on the mobile one line.
Very clever, sir.
An heck I was in Hollywood.
I think the guy from Dave may have had a point.
Of course, Hollywood we don't count.
Hollywood is for old people like my mother.
That's what Hollywood.
Well, I'm sorry.
Hollywood is mostly very, very old people.
I'm talking about people much older than I am.
Older up to me by great, great, great, great, grand mom, grand pa.
That's Hollywood.
So Broward ain't perfect.
And we got sunrise.
And we got Tamarack.
And we got a lot of them.
Whatever it is.
What did I leave out of Tamarack?
Marguerite.
I said sunrise, Mr. Fiery.
You're not listing fast enough.
You have to listen faster.
I said sunrise.
Nevermind.
But that's not the...
Oh, that's right.
That's very clever.
Come on, come on.
Dear Field Beach.
Oh.
Come on, but no beach.
Like I said, Broward's pretty old.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Good morning, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, well, I used to live in Miramar and move today.
I think that was an effort.
All right.
Here's the guy that lived in Miramar.
Of course, Miramar is like just barely on a county line.
Yeah.
How much did it cost?
Being from Puerto Rico was never exposed to hockey over there.
But I, for one, I'm not a fan of hockey, but I will admit that hockey is a real rough
sport, man.
I mean...
How can you believe some old asshole that calls here and tries to tell me there's more
hitting and football than there ever could be in hockey and I'm a schmuck because I don't
agree with that?
This man is a botany.
He means mental treatment immediately.
Just ice skating.
You go to the ice skating ring and just ice skating alone takes off the wind.
Yeah, these guys are wearing all this equipment.
They're on skates to top it off on ice and they're beating the crap out of each other and
they're getting a high-sticked and speared and getting concussions.
They're breaking their toes.
They're coming back out there.
They lose three teeth in a fight.
They come back out there and play.
What the hell is this guy talking about?
I'm not a fan of hockey.
Some people say he likes to play.
He likes to play.
I mean, these guys are a bunch of pussy's most of these football players.
I agree with you.
They get to hang me all around for six weeks.
How do ice sk...
How do hockey players get paid in comparison to the other sports?
Do they get paid you at $0?
It's getting up there now.
Yeah, it's getting out of control.
Well, hockey is a rough sport.
Okay, sir.
And then the other...
And then Dave County is a rough county so you can relate to it.
Ever great there.
He's living in Dave County now.
That's your average money.
Just barely squeak across the county, lie to Miramar.
Now he's back in Dave.
Let's take up a collection.
We have an open line in Dave County, 5.6705.60.506.60 on a mobile one line.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Miami.
Going once.
Going twice.
A lot of heavy breathing in Miami.
But they got so much going on there they can't speak.
Two open lines in Dave.
And one call we do have on a day.
Line that calls from Naples.
Here's a mobile in Naples.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I couldn't agree with you more than that.
Hockey players being tougher than football players.
I mean, football players you see without teeth.
Right. Good point.
And another thing I've got to tell you.
I couldn't agree with you more about that Dave County thing.
I used to live in Kendall for 10 years.
Oh, God.
I came over here to Naples.
I hate going back.
All right.
You'll take care.
Congratulations, sir.
Thank you.
Here's a man that escaped Kendall.
Let's hear it.
Oh!
By the way, we'll be at borders in Kendall.
When hell's that going to be?
Saturday, November 21st.
Don't forget borders over here in the gallery.
And for Lauderdale tomorrow, noon to two with our best of stuff.
And you can call someone right now if you want to order at the best of CDs and cassettes.
Buy mail.
9, 5, 4, 5, 6, 3, 3, 600.
5, 6, 3, 3, 600.
And the next two United States APM at the very, very famous pizza lot in Davey.
Speaking of that, here's Davey.
Hello.
A clineo.
Yes, sir.
Did you mention Halendale?
Oh, I forgot Halendale.
Oh, gee.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Like I said, it's pretty old and brown, and I think that guy had a point.
Absolutely.
You know, football and hockey are both pretty violent.
I mean, you think about the face mask in ripping the guy's head sideways,
and the white receiver going down the middle will feel going up for a catch and you know.
Yeah, but those are things that happens sporadically.
Yeah.
The hitting and hockey doesn't stop.
I mean, hitting and hockey goes on continuously all the time that the game is being played.
I agree.
I agree with you.
I think that around high noon today.
Yeah.
Let's say at County Line Road in 441, we ought to just have it out.
We'll have the sports from Browards against the Julio's from Davey.
That'll think.
Go out at the Notso OK Corral.
OK, pal.
Listen, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Right on my bike, the other day.
And I go past the school bus.
All of a sudden, these kids sit on me and throw an empty frutopia bond out the window.
So I got a little piss off.
Yeah.
A little piss off and just turned the bike around and went down to the next bus stop and made the driver stop.
And you should have heard these kids.
I mean, calling kids, but they were probably in high school.
And they were really out of control.
The bus driver looked like a kid himself.
Yeah.
Yeah, no control over them.
But they're going to be on the other side of 441, by the way.
They're going to be we're going to have all the punks are going to be there.
And then the schwarzers and the aporta weekends and the kids.
Let's do it.
And the rest of us will watch have a great day.
Oh, yeah.
We have an open line in Broward fighting.
It's an angry show for an angry town.
That's what it is.
I went away.
I come back in a good mood.
That, you know, that is all I've got.
Well, how come I got such a bad memory every time I come back from vacation?
It's like this.
Because I'm in too good of a mood.
They don't like that.
They know they get very upset about that.
Oh, he sounds like he had a real good time.
And he's in a good mood.
God damn it.
Because they're really indiscus.
Did that they're still here.
And I can relate to that.
So I apologize for fusingly.
Not for your aberrant behavior.
Open line in Broward.
If you move quickly, if you're under the age of 100, come on.
Let's hear why Broward is so much goddamn better than, uh, I think I had a good point.
24.
24.
24.
24.
24.
24.
24.
24.
24.
24.
24.
24.
24.
24.
24.
24.
24.
24.
24.
24.
It touched my chest, for it was.
Oh, when it flew, it ruined my best to gain my mind.
And into my life, oh, how it makes me feel fine.
It's like the night.
So beautiful, and it's mine.
Don't forget all your punks out there.
God made sure that you could appropriate make babies.
Because what the hell would all those dumpsters be without
unwanted babies.
We have an open line in Dave, 5667-0560, and pound 560 on the mobile one line.
Forsterilization, man, this was in the show.
We got the radio wars.
We got the Dave Broward wars going today.
I told you what they want.
They want a good goddamn war is what they want.
And they came just to the right place.
Here's a mobile in Del Rey. Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
I'm pissed off.
I'm not going to take it any more.
About that earlier, the call before about the South Beach in the grill.
He's fired up when I hear someone say that.
I got news in those places where our goddamn novelties,
that they live in breathing people, and they watch the freak want to be like him walking around.
Yeah, the freak show, that's right.
But his song bikini is a boyfriend holding his thing.
Exactly.
Let me tell you about the NSL.
Those damn commercials, they're killing it.
They're killing it.
Three agencies got those people that are so damn and up on the open to line and whatnot.
It's five yard backwards in a cloud of yellow cloud.
I was just saying to George, you know, the ones that really impress me is great athletes.
Are these linemen who weigh about three hundred and fifty four hundred pounds?
These big fat slabs who can barely even move.
Those are real great athletes to me.
I'd like to see them ice skates for about a year.
See how far they will be?
They fall under big fat ass.
It's four and out commercial.
Four and out commercial.
It's two and a half.
It was what it is.
And these people, though, want to admit it.
And they are there.
They would be like, my going as much of a hockey fan as I am.
I go to that exhibition game last night, staying the whole game, which of course I did not.
And then coming in here, they try to say, wow, that was an exciting game.
It was an exhibition game.
It was crap like all exhibition games.
And at least I'm honest about it.
But these people, they are forced, like I've been saying for weeks now, they're forced to try to convince themselves
that what they're watching is really exciting and quality ball.
And it's crap.
And they can't accept that.
I'm going to make the exact, I don't care who's tough.
I just want to watch them confident.
And I feel like I haven't been showing that too much lately.
They're damn courageous.
You're telling it.
95% of the teams in the league are pure unadulterated.
Right.
And it's a popular team, any team outside of your own, because you watch my television.
Who the hell are they?
I just tell them how many of them are.
Absolutely, correct, sir.
You want to know watching.
And have a great, have a great week.
I'm proud.
I gave you a good call today.
All right.
Yeah.
Is the post of the usual crap.
Is that what you meant?
I mean, will you like what you like?
Okay, I'm not going to sit here and try to make converts as far as sports or meals or whatever.
Whatever you like, you like.
But don't sit there and try to convince us of something that is blatantly paddling on the surface,
untrue, and about your horse horse, horse, uh, right.
Oh, yeah, you're, you're a schmuck.
You don't see that.
There's so much more hitting and football.
Yeah, right.
They're whacking it all right.
Mostly in the locker room.
Here's Delray B.
Chillow.
Hey, Neil, good afternoon.
Yes, sir.
Good evening.
Hey, I was born in Ives a state and, uh, we moved up to Delray about, I would say about
15, 20 years ago, and Ive a state used to be a nice place and now it's not so nice for
place.
And I would suggest to you that it wasn't from the locals.
Oi!
What do you like that?
Yeah.
Yeah, it was not too many Spanish people up here and not that I have anything against it.
Yeah, of course not.
I understand.
But, you know what I'm saying.
What are you saying?
Well, I like them to stay down there.
I don't come up to Delray B.
Okay, here's the man that ran to Delray B.
To get away from the Julios.
Let's hear it.
Okay, pal.
Thanks for letting me spread my hatred, Neil.
I was the cameo of Edas.
Okay, well, okay.
He hates the Cuban.
That's all.
That's his story.
He had Puerto Ricans not to crazy about how about the Dominicans?
Is he like them?
No.
I'm sorry.
How unusual.
White flight.
Okay.
White people run away.
Other people come in.
Although there are some white Cubans.
I mean, a few.
George and how many other ten or twelve others?
Here's a mobile and pember pine.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, the giant stuck, I took me the, a model just took a giant step forward.
They're going to rehire at Jim Bowls or their managers.
We heard that?
As of 2 p.m.
Oh my god.
What a...
Yes.
Yeah.
That old renew tickets, all over the world.
Yeah, that'll do it.
In fact, I'm going to head to the bowl right now.
Well, anyway, I tell you a lot thing.
He works a lot cheaper than Jim Leeland.
Just keep that in mind.
I agree.
I started everybody open at this.
Right.
Listen, the thing with Donald Strawberry.
Yeah.
How do they have to describe it as the size of a walnut?
I can't get the picture of a walnut.
It's got coal in it.
What kind of just-
It's an inch and a half of diameter.
It's doing to whatever it is.
I just, I just picked it up properly with a walnut hole.
Well, they would have compared it to something bigger like maybe a watermelon.
People would have figured that was a racial comment.
So they tried to size it down to something we can all relate to.
And a walnut is brown.
It'll be okay.
Okay, thanks.
Okay, see ya.
That's funny because Eric Davis and Darryl Strawberry were like real Abu Zimbottis.
And they both wind up with the colon cancer.
And Eric Davis came back big time.
Great, come back story.
And Darryl will be okay too.
He'll be okay.
Morning.
We have an open line in date.
56670560 and pound 560 on the mobile one line.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
May?
Yes, sir.
Hey.
I'm-
I'm-
I'm-
I'm-
I'm-
I'm-
I'm-
I'm-
I'm-
I'm-
I'm-
I'm-
I'm-
I'm-
I'm-
I'm-
I'm-
I'm-
I'm-
I'm-
I'm-
I'm-
I'm-
I'm-
I'm-
I'm-
I'm-
I'm-
I'm-
I'm-
I'm-
I'm-
I'm-
I'm-
It's incredible.
I couldn't believe it, right?
And-
I-
And the other thing, I laughed so much at, is how much do you-
I had to partie rpointy at those in the 400 ton guys.
There's big-
Fat Slabs that are.
They're gonna be-
How much in scratching a man.
I don't care how-
How immovable they are, or all the other stuff that they're supposed to do-
They are big-
Fat Slabs.
It would be a big fat slab is not an athlete.
No, what's so funny is the amount of steroids and weight listing of the stuff they get
into.
All that just so that the skinny guy from some foreign country can come over and put the
boss to the hoop to the uprise for three points.
Right.
I never get his uniform dirty.
Okay, but I'll have a great day.
Some guy with an in-wee can't pronounce or some guy from Italy like the kid on the dolphins.
What else is the name, George?
We have an open line.
And the fieldville kicker.
Come on, the marijuana.
What the hell is his name?
Don Corleone.
No, he said, Gwendo.
He's like a real Italian kid.
He's a great.
We have an open line indeed.
But come on, Joe, what's his name?
The fieldville kicker.
Orlando, Mari, is that his name?
Joe Costello.
You're Gwendo.
Is he?
Oh, he's not in the room.
No, he's in the room.
What's up?
Hey, listen, no, I don't want to win through it.
I mean, I don't know what your guys are doing over there, but I mean, the audience isn't
paying any attention to me.
So why the hell should you guys over there be paying any attention?
They're taking up an office pool as to whether it's John Bulls or Chester Bulls.
It's going to be the manager of the guy, Dan Marlins.
There's a press conference at two o'clock.
We'll find out.
Orlando, Mari.
Well, I'll kill the first part of Hank.
Should we be happy about that?
Orlando, Mari, right?
That's the fieldville kicker for the dolphins?
Yes, he went to high school with me.
Good friend of mine.
Is he really?
Yeah, I know him.
We were in a...
What isn't he from Italy originally?
He was just from a Italian family like you are.
I believe he's from an Italian family like I am.
Oh, is that sounds...
It sounds like real offender.
I didn't think he was just a grillo like you.
I thought he was a real Italian.
How about this?
Throughout high school, he was Lindo Mayor.
Lindo?
Lindo Mayor through middle school and high school.
And now that he's a pro kicker, he's Olimino.
He is.
Olimino, yeah.
Okay, thanks for the good news.
There's a little insight for you.
Joe Costello went to school with Lindo.
Mari.
We have an open line today.
Five City even got guys named Lindo in the NFL.
What does that tell you?
Five, six, seven, oh five, six, eight, five, six,
six, the other mobile one line.
North Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Neil, I was just channeled sir from the other night
and I come across the Christian station.
I see Benny Hink.
I was just wondering if we crucified Benny Hink.
Can we get another 2,000 years?
Oh, yeah.
Can I let the three Jews I got tied in my backyard go now?
Yeah, okay.
It's a deal.
We'll make a swap for you.
We have an open line and day one in Broward.
Five, six, seven, oh five, six, eight,
pound, five, six, eight, and the mobile one line.
Benny Hink, he touched it.
He don't need it.
It comes near you.
You fall down.
I think I knew it was looking him and you fall down laughing.
Here's Evan.
Sure.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, Neil.
How's it going?
Okay.
You know what they should do with all these people
are living in the county that are ragged on your show.
They should just put them out on a boat and send them back
wherever the hell they came from.
Mm-hmm.
I live right here on County Land Road.
He's run to the subject of the eight county, Broward County.
What do you think about Bokeh or Taun?
What do you think about that?
I think Bokeh is a plastic place.
I haven't spent very much time there.
But I think Bokeh is a place where people go to hide.
Yeah.
All right.
That's good.
I'm glad I called you.
Thanks.
Okay.
Have a great life.
Yeah.
I'm really glad to.
Okay.
Six minutes to learn is five, six, eight, and a few.
Now in Broward, we may have a lot of old people.
So guess what?
Most of them speak English.
Huh?
English?
They do.
Most of them speak English.
You understand?
That's up to the winner.
They'll speak French.
Ah.
But they won't be calling, by the way, Canadian dollars back in the toilet again.
155.
Woo!
That means those frogs aren't going to be able to afford to be coming down at all now.
Woo!
Did I say five minutes?
Yes, I did.
Royal traffic's the QAM.
But Neil Roger shall order them.
It's Friday, you bastards.
What a guy here is a new dance.
Some people call him barn dance.
I call it a dirty square dance.
Up with the pitty goat down with the pants.
In with the big hurry everybody's dance.
All right.
Girls win a rag on a piquitzo wall.
Guys with a heart on promenade walls.
All right.
Girls grab your partners firmly by the balls.
Drag them down to the late for the halls.
Make them holler, make them shout.
Put your pretty ass up against his mouth.
First lady goat, second lady pass.
Third lady finger up the fort, guys I guess.
Finger out, promenade the halls.
Now release the poor guys ball.
Down with the pitty goat up with the pants.
Dance in the end of the dirty square dance.
Do the dough are wrecking.
I'm tired now.
I think the football brand needs a free ride to the gamers.
Oh, we got some shocking news.
It's 12.01 at 5.60 WQA.
You better fasten your seat belts.
Okay, are you ready for this?
Oh, George may be getting his bonus or not.
Well, Greg Regis came down here.
He's got the contracts all typed up.
This whatever deal he made with George months and months and months ago.
And there's only one problem they miss.
What do they put on there?
Joe Smith instead of George Rodriguez.
Gary.
Oh, Gary Rodriguez, which is a very Hispanic name.
Gary.
I know a lot of Rodriguez's name.
Gary, don't you?
No.
That's like Korean shorts.
So, you know, Greg was saying, well, you know, we may be able to cross.
And I say, yeah, cross it out in the initial.
Don't send it back over there to Naples again and give the measly boys a chance to stall off.
Because that just gives him some more stall time.
Oh, and you know, the pony is pretty sick and that mail is pretty slow.
Yeah, right.
And Dosey Doe.
So, there you go.
It just may be.
It might be.
It could be.
I believe the one we see it.
Two open lines in date, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, and 5, 60 on our AT&T wireless line.
They're both in date county where all the action is.
That's why we don't get action on the phones in date.
They're busy there.
They're busy doing drug deals and stuff.
North Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'm American.
I live in Miami.
I've been here since I was 13 years old.
I don't have any plans of leaving.
All right.
There's not ours got to be at least two or three.
I don't understand all these jerks.
They're American saying that they need to get away from Miami and the Cuban.
When I went to elementary school, I didn't speak any Spanish and I learned it.
Yeah.
I speak it fluently and I love Miami and it's a beautiful place.
I don't know why people say they have to get away from it because it's so bad.
Miami is a beautiful place.
Yeah.
It's not a crime-infested toilet.
Everywhere's a crime-infested toilet.
Oh, no.
You got Coke and a Grove.
You got Salteech.
You got a lot of international restaurants.
Yeah.
And for people, you can learn different languages.
Miami is a great place.
You broadcast out of Miami, don't you?
No, and we're out in Miami.
We're in the health.
We're in the county line.
I don't know what this is.
This is Little Jamaica.
I don't know what these people are.
I think it's a crock.
You know, they're attitude towards Miami and everything else.
Well, first of all, don't forget.
They're not the ones that started it.
This little puddleacker from date is the one that started this war here.
I think the rest of us were coexisting rather well and living where we wanted to live.
And this little puddleacker, thank God, called and started all of us.
Yeah, we have that mentality where you don't speak Spanish so you want to get out of town.
I don't really care whether I speak Spanish or not.
I just want to live where it's a little more of a passive.
You know what I'm saying?
What do you mean by a flat?
A little more of peaceful.
Where you only hear gunshots once an hour instead of twice.
You think Miami's too rough for you?
Miami's a little bit too crowded for me.
I'm getting up there in those years where I fit in the brow with like a glove.
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah, what do you mean?
I'll be in the cemetery.
Miami a little bit.
I speak for Spanish.
I think Miami's great to take your handles and grab the flag and call.
All right, a ribbon archie.
All right.
Okay, Dave County, not a call and date.
All three lines will work and we're working.
We're working.
We're screaming.
We're playing and we're jumping up and down.
That's still not doing any good.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
We don't have anything against Dave, do we?
Uh-huh.
We do.
Here's four water deal.
Hello.
You got to know Dale?
Yes, sir.
If anyone doesn't think that hockey is rough in the third period last night,
one of the new forwards took out one of the defense and for the hurricane behind the net.
And I mean, he leveled them sideways across the board.
I thought it was Bill Inzy did that, not one of the new forwards.
Oh, I...
It wasn't my paper.
I wasn't there.
I was only there for one period.
But the paper says Billy Inzy is the guy that's the cool costume.
The cool costume.
The guy was vertical.
I mean, horizontal across the board.
The time he was flying off.
He was down for a good two minutes.
He gets up, helmet off, towel, blood, the whole night.
I have to be all right.
You talk about it, hit.
I mean, that was a great hit.
I have a question for you.
Eddie Johnson and Jacques Limerro are at the game last night.
What were they doing there?
Scouting.
Scouting for whom?
Penguin's in the devil?
Evidently?
Oh, I don't know.
I would assume they were scouting for somebody.
I have no idea what either one of them is doing now.
Yeah, they were up in that game.
Is Eddie Johnson in the Pittsburgh organization?
Right.
Right in Jacques Limerro.
Right.
They were both there last night.
And I was like...
Well, you got to remember we got the waiver draft.
In fact, Billy Smith was up there with somebody else to be...
Down there.
Yeah.
Down 95, it's a joke.
Well, thank God we got great places and borrowed a drive
like University Drive and Helen Dale Beach Boulevard.
Oh, true.
Have a great day, pal.
Hey, I got a request.
Yes?
You got blank between your thighs?
Okay.
Thanks.
See ya.
Blank between your thighs or a...
Do you have something else in mind?
Well, please don't tell me that that's...
Oh, I got to go get it on the disc.
Is that not in there?
Huh?
I'll get it.
Just relax, pal.
Everything's under control.
I know where it is.
And the disc, too.
We have an open line in Broward.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Here's the Coral Springs.
Hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
I want to talk about the football violence.
Football violence?
That's right.
When the quarterback gets hit on the blindside.
Yeah.
What happened?
What happened with the sock over your phone?
With it over your mouth?
A sock.
Yeah, it sounds like you got a sock over your phone.
Do I made it my phone?
Uh-huh.
Did any hockey players pick a terrorized or anything like that?
Any hockey players want?
St. Caroline.
Yes, and killed also, yes.
Is that good enough?
No, it's a curious, I'm not fighting.
Yes.
I'm just telling you, yes they have, of course.
Recently, have you ever seen a hockey game in person live?
No, I haven't.
Well, see that's the difference.
When you see one in person, and when you can hear the body is hitting each other and the boards and all of you,
the actual sound of what's going on, then you realize what a very, very violent game it is.
Right, but you can't compare it to the two different sports.
You know, the violence of both of them.
No, yes, you can compare.
Of course you can compare.
Why not?
Let's put the violent hockey, I mean.
Yeah.
So how could we, you know, what's the difference?
How about the ping pong?
Is there more violence in football or ping pong?
There you go, huh?
Rest my case.
Over, you can't compare.
There is no issue except that some puttwacker from New York called before some old fart with no life,
and starts giving me a song of dance.
I'm a schmuck and I'm a putt because I don't agree with him that there's more violence in football than there is a hockey.
That's why, in anybody with a brain knows this guy's full of crap and I don't go back on a guy that I'm subway with, who aren't yes.
See, one thing about New Yorkers, man, they're like George.
That's one thing I'll say.
They're just like George.
They have the answers.
That's it.
Don't argue with them.
Don't discuss no matter what the subject is.
Sports, music, sex, no matter what it is, they've got the answers.
Period.
What's your point?
Exactly.
And of course with me, I find that all for amusing because I got the answers and I know I'll be under shadowed but out.
So why don't I listen to George or New Yorkers?
Look at how I need their bullcrab for it.
Oh my God.
You're being very difficult with me this morning.
You're being very difficult with me this morning.
We have an open line in day one and one and day.
Like I said, Dave County, Dave County, Dave County, all my life.
It used to be the other joint.
Right.
All our lives.
We were hucking a trident about it.
There's no place to go in this town because there's no place on AM anyway where you can get both counties and really feel.
We're right in the middle here.
We're right smack on a goddamn county line.
I could throw a goddamn bowling ball from here up the road about the high I have a dozen blocks and hit county line road.
That's how close we are right to the middle of Dave and Broward.
We are perfectly geographically located here to be appealing to both Dave and Broward.
But for some strange reason on this goddamn radio station, even though our great sales manager upstairs,
she's got most of our appearances coming up for center one in Dave County, which I do not understand because 90% of our audience appears to be in Broward County.
Are you following me or what?
No.
Okay. Let's check in.
I'm at dealers' conceded.
QAA.
I didn't go right in my bike.
One number five.
What'd she say?
Come on, Sally. Cut the crap.
1214 at 560 WQM.
The paramedics are really boards and she left town.
Oh, we already heard that.
Here's a call from Pember Pine.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir. How's it going?
Great.
Listen, are you more of a Toronto Maple Leaf fan or a panther?
Toronto Maple Leafs are number one. The panthers are close second.
Okay.
Wait a second.
They say the Maple Leafs number one, panthers are distant. I mean, second.
Wait a second.
The situation with the New York Island is that they moved out of the arena.
What happened with that? I saw that they canceled the game because the arena was condemned or something.
They said it was what happened.
Well, actually what happened was they didn't think the arena was saved.
Right.
And so they had to be people.
You and Mike Milbury will need it.
We have an open line in Broward.
560, 7.0560. Don't forget that CBC series.
9 o'clock. I think it's on tonight and again to our night.
For the hockey fans, if you have the big dish or know somebody that does 9 o'clock each night,
really interesting stuff.
Last night, of course, they were doing the stuff about Gary Petman blowing it with those Olympics.
Nice going. Gary, you little jackass.
Oh, man.
And then of course Canada and the US coming back with egg on their posts.
And of course the US athletes remember that episode, even you remember when they had the thing
at the Olympic Village over there in Japan and were I am breaking furniture and did about three and worth of damage.
I don't know.
Well, we know who's going to do it. Here it is. How long is it later now that was back in February and it's October.
That's even before Georgia's bonus was due. That's how long ago that was.
And do we have any idea who the players were who's involved? No. No, we don't.
Will we ever get the answer? No. Kind of like the Kennedy assassination.
Somebody somewhere knows. In fact, a lot of people know. But will we ever get the answer? No.
No, because they're all covering up for each other. Like that jackass who was giving me a song to dance about Peter Jennings yesterday.
They're all covering up for their colleagues. Yeah, right.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Yeah, you don't.
Okay, sir.
I know. I know. I know. I wrote a bottle of both of their car that I actually had a stopwatch.
Yeah. Football game.
Uh-huh.
First of all, you know, played football on his life.
What is that? I have to do it. I never played football either. But that doesn't mean I don't know how long we actually played football in.
I can say first of all football is way more physical. No, you know, you played hockey.
I played hockey. We played hockey in Boston.
Was it a Zanson Carter?
Yes, it's a Carter.
Famous ain't it? No, it's not. It's not a famous ain't it?
Oh. Will you? Will you read? No. No.
No, no, no. They're the busher.
They're the busher, yeah. Yeah.
But, um, yeah, back there's the poster. I mean, the car will be playing with a stick.
Mm-hmm.
Especially when the fact that he played with a big pair, but he's never played on a line as he.
It's like a fight every play.
In addition to what you know, it's interesting thing. But in a football game,
the, uh, and then the old days when men were really men, you know, a lot of players used to go both ways.
So to speak, they play on offense and he now, of course, since we have this specialization, there's no such thing.
No players play both on offense and defense except maybe Neon Dion.
But other than that, there's nobody else out there doing that.
So the offense is only on the field, maybe like 40, 50% of the game, or depending on how the game is going.
So guys are sitting on their ass on the bench half the game. So take the 50 minutes divided by two.
Now you're down to seven minutes.
But you know what, man?
You know, my fuck, little fuck, we both raise every Sunday.
Come out there. We play both ways. And I don't go both ways. I go away.
You know, I'm going the last way.
Okay, well, we'll be out there to see you.
Not.
We have an open line today. He's coming up to the county line.
Okay, all you bros. People, you better watch out for this guy because you come up to the county line.
He's going to be shooting it all over the place.
Gord's court.
He's drawing the line in the sand.
We have an open client day five six seven, oh five sixty and five sixty on the 18th.
That's right. How come I never thought of that before?
We're talking to God. I mean, granted hockey players are only out there. You know, at 45.
Just whatever my feet sometimes they're out there for an entire power play two minutes.
Not very often, but you know, once in a while.
But granted, they, you know, they skate several shifts of games.
The important players.
We're talking guys who logged 28, 30 minutes of ice time in a game.
As opposed to guys were playing. Okay, 15 divided by two is seven seven and a half minutes again.
I've actually been on the field. What are we talking about seven and a half minutes of game?
It pounds you that to be a huff and a puff and a lot of oxygen in between. You're huffing it.
Remember Sam Huff? Here's a mobile and four-letter deal. Hello.
Four-letter deal. Yes, sir.
Deal.
Yes, I am.
I want to hear about somebody Ramsey going to be a zoom.
Dean.
Requested by our parents or mother wants to change her out.
Okay. Open line. Hunkle. How come I knew it was some kind of a stupid joke?
5 6 7 0 5 60. By the way, the Dow is up about 60 points.
Oh, while we're sitting here not paying too much attention.
I was watching it out of the corner of my eye, but I just thought now would be a real good time to tell you.
Oh, that was up 61 points. Like I said, the Nasdaq's down about 15 to Texor.
You're not having a really great day again.
But at least the Dow is up a little bit. There's a little bit of hope, a little bit of a bounce, like they said.
It's going to bounce. They're bouncing on it. Don't get too excited, though.
Won't happen again Monday.
Here's a mobile and vocal. Hello.
Yeah, you know, what's the chance I'd follow an idiot on the show today, huh?
You just did. Well, I have to quite I have a question today would be like almost a hundred percent.
Unbelievable. I have a friend who's up in Jupiter. He's a teacher anyway.
He hit a little puppy. I don't know if you guys heard about the story down there on the way to school.
Yeah. And what happened is that they got hit and it took off into the woods.
Well, now I hear on the news a couple days are playing up that there's some cold out there.
That's getting animals and all this. And he said, look, you know, he went he went forward after seeing that on the news.
Said, no, I think that dog I think I hit the dog and I didn't go get it right up in the woods.
Now they're going to charge him and put him in jail for a year up to a year for animal cruelty.
Excellent. How about that? And I got a question, where can I get a big dish?
I've been calling around every time they're illegal. No, they're not.
That's what I want. And I'm illegal if you get a permit and you live where up in Jupiter.
And you're actually living for say Lucy. Oh, then you should be able to go on. No problem.
George will give you a Mohammed's number. You want to be one of number for real?
I'll be great because I'm dying for one. Okay, hang on. But okay, there's a guy that's going to be watching some good stuff.
We have an open line in date. Where's it online? Where ever line he's on? 5 6 7 0 5 60,
pound 5 60 on the 18 2. So what's he talking about? Some crazy cultist killer puppy is that the man who runs our cult.
Raise our hopes we're going to date me.
The spaceship comes from power to take us to our fate.
So I like all my bad on my bad for full struggle.
I love to be this kind of dead wish I was dead. And I heal myself for to the man who runs our cult.
And don't forget there's no fact in the church open line in date County.
We're trying to get these day bastards awake in a lot of today. Man, is there anybody who speaks any language that we might
understand to date County? We're going to need Jamaicans out there. We got some Jamaican women out there today. That's what we want.
Some of those imperious condescending Jamaican women to talk down their nose and tell me what a slob I am. I want to hear it.
5 6 7 0 5 60, 5 60 dead. That was up 78.
Oh, then that's only down 11. It's making a big comeback. We're going to wind up. Of course it's only 12 20. Don't count it yet.
But something must have happened that we're not aware of something is going on out there. Somebody must have found some money under a
God damn mattress. Here's a mobile in Kendall. Hello. Yeah. Yes, sir. Oh, Neil. Yes. How are you doing? Okay. That guy would that below me about the
year. Football game. Yeah, I think you could pay for all the hockey. I've been a hockey fan most of my life. I used to hang out in the
garden up on the top row and hold on this shooting and couldn't wait for them guys to kill each other with the
rangers and the reason. Yeah, look at him. That's all that's right. He wouldn't know. We're looking for.
I can't get down here because I'm a handicap person. Yeah, but I imagine out there that new arena is it easier to get to?
Yeah, I'm going to take a shot right up right up 75. It's right off of I 75. You can drive right in. That was the problem with this
downtown over here. My I'm here. I saw pictures at that place. I'm going to tell you sir. It is so gorgeous. It is so
safe. It is so lit up. It is so beautiful. So convenient. You'll just you won't believe it. I'm going to make a shot at me. Thanks. I'll see you there.
OK, and of course, if you didn't, if you missed the beginning of the show, they the Panther organization, which I think I'm
again, profusely God, do they love me? Separate ball to your course. Understand ball. He was made a quick visit into our QAM
box last night. Too bad I wasn't up there. Huh? With that. I've been great. I mean, Bill Tory. He was up there too. But of course,
Bill's my good buddy now, Mr. Bowtie him in the BM. We've kind of kished and made up. I like Terry Murray, though. I tell you one thing.
Regardless of what happens with this season, Terry Murray, I think is a good coach. OK, I mean, he's a good guy.
I like Terry. I sat down. I had a long chat with him. I said, Hey, listen, yeah, he said you're right. No matter what you say,
you're right. And I said, Hey, here's a guy that knows what side it's on. Look at this beautiful number 98 Rogers. That's the third Panther
uniform, which these are really nice to by the way, which I like. I have a lot better than the right ones. The road uniforms.
And I thanked him for a few. For that. And Steve Dangerfield for my great seat. You're in section one, oh, one. And we saw a lot of our old friends from
and I guarantee you come the first home game, which I won't be there. Oh, that's right. I should probably give those.
I should probably give those tickets away. Shouldn't I? Those tickets for the opening game against Tampa since I'll be out of town next weekend.
And that yellow parking pass to preferred parking pass. I shouldn't have probably mentioned that should I know because then that guy,
well, I'm out. I'm done with that guy. And they were very nice to me. And he made several of those little the meal statue, you know,
and then the red Whitney one. But when he pulled that on me yesterday, I just. I couldn't get over it. I just I couldn't believe it.
Boy, does he have a lot of cuts? Yes. I mean, you know, if you're going to do nice things for me, don't like then start sucking around for
stuff that I'm not even given away yet. Boy, they all want. They want. We wanted whatever you got. We wanted.
But it's a loose change in my pocket right now. They probably want to buy. Got some loose change. I'm feeling the change.
What's going on looking at the poster of Enrique? Look at that. I got 3540 cents loose change in my pocket. Anybody want it?
I'll take it. Don't be 50 dollars. Cheap faster. Wonder how much Ross P. Row is slipping to be on that show. I wonder
who's getting that 26 past noon in the bootcamp or at six. We got the Yankees in Texas game three from Arlington,
Texas at seven 45. Lorenzo. This is the most disgusting program. I heard everyone to complain to this station.
We in the last night, rumors coming up the stairs to say hello. There's a guy talking to me standing behind and said,
Oh, there he comes. Penny's for Rimmer. He says, you must be just coming from Arby's and Rimmer says, I don't even eat at Arby's talking about that
live spot Joe does where he talks about the 80 for one special, the Rimmer special. And I'm thinking to myself, yeah, that's the problem. He doesn't need
at Arby's. We might be more willing to buy him some more meals if he ate at Arby's. He doesn't eat at all cheap places that Rimmer in Arlington. Don't be trusted up. Right. Here's
the penalty that we're taking last night. We're just stupid penalty, but it's an exhibition game. I mean, is you want a critique an exhibition game?
You're still playing out there and you're still you're still out there trying to show what you can do. All I saw was the first period. I didn't see a lot of stupid
penalty. They were very cute penalty. If you saw the gorilla out there, he was out there probably for about five shifts and pulled four penalties out. Yeah. I thought he played pretty good in the first
period. The guys are going in that three. No, I thought he played pretty good in the first period. He's skating a lot better. And I'll say it again. I thought he plays
in Promo is dramatic over last year. I didn't see any kind of stick handling. Yeah, two great chances. They're right in front of the net. He made him created to a good
chances. I'm not saying he's a skilled player yet. I'm sure better than he was last year. Last year, I wouldn't have given you 50 cents for his chances to make the
team. No, I give him credit for the work that he's put in. But I still think that when you go watch exhibition hockey games, you can't start critiquing getting stupid penalty. There is no
point in that you look at the young guys and you see, you know, which guys are playing good like this Peter Racheuk kid played real well last night.
Right. Number 59. And you look at that. And of course, Victor Kuzloff, every game that he plays, he just gets better and better and better.
But the moves this guy has unbelievable. Yeah. He and Whitney. I'd say why didn't they sign him to a longer than the year deals that they signed? It doesn't make sense. You got young
talent. Don't you want to sign them for a long time? Yeah, but they're, you know, they see it's fear again. They claim they're doing him a
favor because then if he has a big year, they're just terrified to give it anybody long term contracts and spending a lot of money and afraid that they're going to not pan out.
And it's going to blow up in their face again. The Dow. Oh, man, what's that all about? But don't get too excited. Open line and Broward 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, see somebody just
got a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of
a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a
little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little
bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit
of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of
a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a
little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little
bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit
After last night, whammy stickin' it to me with a goddamn audio with a big hum job on there. Audio you could have gotten up next to your TV, called on your hands and knees next to the TV, and stuck your ear up against there, and still couldn't have heard the goddamn audio. Here's the challenge to date county. Can we have like between now and two o'clock? Can we keep those date county lines and actually people that have something to say that aren't hostile, that aren't tell me how to do the goddamn show that don't have a goddamn problem. Don't want to attack people who live in Broward.
Don't want to attack people who live in Broward. Don't want to attack people who live in Broward. Don't want to attack people who live in Broward. Don't want to attack people who live in Broward. Don't want to attack people who live in Broward. Don't want to attack people who live in Broward. Don't want to attack people who live in Broward. Don't want to attack people who live in Broward. Don't want to attack people who live in Broward. Don't want to attack people who live in Broward. Don't want to attack people who live in Broward. Don't want to attack people who live in Broward. Don't want to attack people who live in Broward. Don't want to attack people who live in Broward. Don't want to attack people who live in Broward. Don't want to attack people who live in Broward. Don't want to attack people who live in Broward.
Don't want to attack people who live in Broward. Don't want to attack people who live in Broward. Don't want to attack people who live in Broward. Don't want to attack people who live in Broward. Don't want to attack people who live in Broward. Don't want to attack people who live in Broward. Don't want to attack people who live in Broward. Don't want to attack people who live in Broward. Don't want to attack people who live in Broward. Don't want to attack people who live in Broward. Don't want to attack people who live in Broward. Don't want to attack people who live in Broward. Don't want to attack people who live in Broward. Don't want to attack people who live in Broward. Don't want to attack people who live in Broward. Don't want to attack people who live in Broward. Don't want to attack people who live in Broward.
Don't want to attack people who live in Broward. Don't want to attack people who live in Broward. Don't want to attack people who live in Broward. Don't want to attack people who live in Broward. Don't want to attack people who live in Broward. Don't want to attack people who live in Broward. Don't want to attack people who live in Broward. Don't want to attack people who live in Broward. Don't want to attack people who live in Broward. Don't want to attack people who live in Broward. Don't want to attack people who live in Broward. Don't want to attack people who live in Broward. Don't want to attack people who live in Broward. Don't want to attack people who live in Broward. Don't want to attack people who live in Broward. Don't want to attack people who live in Broward. Don't want to attack people who live in Broward.
Don't want to attack people who live in Broward. Don't want to attack people who live in Broward. Don't want to attack people who live in Broward. Don't want to attack people who live in Broward. Don't want to attack people who live in Broward. Don't want to attack people who live in Broward. Don't want to attack people who live in Broward. Don't want to attack people who live in Broward. Don't want to attack people who live in Broward. Don't want to attack people who live in Broward. Don't want to attack people who live in Broward. Don't want to attack people who live in Broward. Don't want to attack people who live in Broward. Don't want to attack people who live in Broward. Don't want to attack people who live in Broward. Don't want to attack people who live in Broward. Don't want to attack people who live in Broward.
Don't want to attack people who live in Broward. Don't want to attack people who live in Broward. Don't want to attack people who live in Broward. Don't want to attack people who live in Broward. Don't want to attack people who live in Broward. Don't want to attack people who live in Broward. Don't want to attack people who live in Broward. Don't want to attack people who live in Broward. Don't want to attack people who live in Broward. Don't want to attack people who live in Broward. Don't want to attack people who live in Broward. Don't want to attack people who live in Broward. Don't want to attack people who live in Broward. Don't want to attack people who live in Broward. Don't want to attack people who live in Broward. Don't want to attack people who live in Broward. Don't want to attack people who live in Broward.
We have an open line in date 5 6 7 0 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm
the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the
improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the imp
the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the
the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the
improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the improm 5 6 the imp
pengar fringe seeing patients run a business on that
making it with which board it is they know from nothing.
And of course the ones who claim to have gone you know years ago they're all
timers kicked in so bad they don't even remember who's on first. Oh yeah I used to
go to the garden. Yeah yeah right four hundred years ago. Here's Miami hello.
Hello Neil. Yes sir. Are you great.
For me if I'm wrong but I never one remember you mentioning that you would
give away anything. I mean I'm calling your response to that
more on a couple of colors ago that yeah that was saying that you use colors
and saying that you're gonna give away tickets and then you don't.
I said that a million times I'm not gonna give away anything and then I changed my mind.
Yeah people only hear what they want to hear. Yeah anyway this is what you're
talking about during you may oh of course there many times the listen there how
many days are there when I say when people keep calling I hand I joke or
something and they start calling I say I'm not giving away I have nothing to
give you exactly that guy's a fruit cake he's busy watching you know big bird
and this is Herman by the way I had won the your own personal tickets the first
time that you give him right and I was just calling a defensive you because you
know people are it is out here okay Herman I had one other comment yes it's
really tiring because I've been ice skating before and that right there is
exhausting in itself and it's funny how these I went up first started watching
Lockheed he's wall conditioned athlete can only be on the ice for a minute at
a time right I'm trying to score you know anyway Neil
take it easy thanks a lot Herman yeah just a skating part alone is
tremendously draining and then the fact that they're hitting each other and
he's tremendous body checks and then the goalies you think the goalies
protected you know the guy comes skating toward the net and he's hit from behind
by the defense then they go both both barreling into the goalie and drive him
into the back of the net like a ton of bricks and he lies they're all
sprawled out and then gets up and everybody says oh thank God he's are going to live
at least for another couple of big save till the game is over
all in all football see I don't understand why people are just so blind they just
refuse to listen it's like a religion to them it's the same thing with religion
say the same exact thing I mean if you love football you're in a
majority to sit over in fact I saw thing in business week I was reading last
night over 60% of the sports band is town in this country
of for football as the number one sport only about 13% hockey
and baseball number two and then NBA so you're in the vast majority but
but that doesn't mean because you like something the best that you're blind to
to its deficiencies or the way it compares to other things
oh no you don't understand mr. you're a schmuck okay whatever you say
here's a lady in Miami hello lady in Miami hello yes man oh hi Neil yes
if you want to do call to tell you that I enjoy your show uh-huh and I like other guys that they call
and they say all the girlfriends going to do the show my case is different I love your show
my boyfriend hates you really yeah he says the problem he said you're too critical you know
I'll laugh very long at station I'm not gonna last very long on this station I've
raised our number I saw him he just doesn't like I think maybe because he's a little
homophobic yeah now I think he's a latent homosexual is probably what it is I think he's
probably got a boyfriend I don't watch it I mean I mean real careful but he's bringing home
sweetie I've been with him for years I should know I'd be washing that thing off with with
chlorox and I wanted to tell you my mom she loves you he doesn't speak a word English
she loves your show there you on whammy she says you see they should transmit your show in
now that's coming okay sweetheart tell him to put you up how do you like that huh I like it
her boyfriend's a fruit cake and the she and mommy have good taste yeah I'm too critical I'm
not gonna last long on this station right let's take a look at those last trends what show I had
like five but in fact every other day part went down in the last trend and this show went way
to hell up oh how the hell that happened must have been just an accident must have been a mistake
two open line they must not have been measuring in date county on his show because we got two
open lines there again I'm telling you you people in date county are brutal I know we got at least
50 people listening in date at least five of them speaking was damaged five six seven oh five
60 pound five six the on the 18t wireless line I put the challenge out there I laid it right on
the table for you for date county to hold up their hand until two o'clock today I laid it right
out there and could they do it no don't look too promising right now and we got guys calling
oh date counties where it's really a bunch of dead heads and browored if I had to depend on
date county for my livelihood anymore I'd have been out of business nine months ago today I
sat my ass down in this chair here's a mobile and cutleridge hello yeah hello Danielle yes sir
I love the show I love the whole thing on whammy thing is why do you allow my only complaint
would be this why do you allow the other plug in okay we have an open line in day one and
brown at five six seven oh five sixty look at that George has got the masters in there is that one
of the uh yes what are the masters one of the masters from our best of CDs that's just beautiful
and that is a beautiful thing to reflection off of that is just blinding I'm becoming
mesmerized and hypnotized and George is using that as a scam and he's been a run here and
here to start doing the show George is doing a bloodless cool he can have it quite frankly this week
1256 the dowels up 111 the next day is down only 1.20 and that's almost even Steven now
oh thank god for that but it's only one o'clock we got a long way to go we got three hours in
about ten minutes to go before those final numbers go up on the board so don't get too excited yet
hey next newba brimmy qa the meal Rogers your lottery it's not just the one to two hour it's a
phenomenon and now the sound of Dorothy having an orgy on this set of the wizard I just got
to play this while I did have something else I was going to play but Rob Kaplan was in here
pop up up up up up I already just played that only minutes ago I apologize for previously you didn't
want to hear anything worth anything to do well Rob Kaplan was in here with my check from whammy
telling us about the day the show's going off the year oh I'm sorry we have an open line
and day 5 6 7 0 5 6 the pound by what you can't blame the guys here they work their asses off
they really give it at their best shot nobody wanted to watch this show but the good thing is
Monday they're going to start doing it the same day so at least it'll be timely so you won't have
to turn it on at night and I'm going to be sitting there talking about stuff that happened days
ago and weeks ago and months ago I mean nobody's still going to watch it are they no but at least
it'll be timely anyway we'll make a timely departure here's a cape coral hello
hey Neil yes sir yeah me and another yada who were coming over from Cape Coral tomorrow to see
and is that place on sunrise you think yeah just go east almost all the way to the beach just
go over to the beach right hey do you want to stop and pick up you guys's bonus checks on the way
yeah okay thank you a lot I'll see you thanks okay he's going to bring your bonus check there
do anybody believe that no one moment please I can't believe that I just did that well Rob was
in here abonding you know asking all kinds of personal questions as usual don't be a yento okay
Rob the words getting around a real yanta open line and Howard five six seven yes sniffing around five
six seven oh five six the and pop five six the automobile one line here's pepper pines hello
yeah Neil yes sir yeah I just want to tell him about Rob Nearmark in a little physical
last night he was having a pretty good game he wasn't only just trying to score goals he was
not in the first period he didn't I didn't see him do anything in the first period he was like
invisible oh he had a person pretty good checks behind the net in the first period yeah he was
working out I was on that side of the net at the time that he was working behind the net well
I'm you have to call me a doubting Thomas in his case I'll believe that he's going to produce
when I when I see it and I'd like to see Peter Worrell getting physical out there he was uh
yeah he was intimidating a lot of people yeah he impressed a lot of me last night is compared to
what I saw last year he's really come along thank you he's a lot better too right that's what I'm
talking about yeah how can I make one shameless request yes sir the ebonyx abc okay thank you sir
and have a great life you too and a great weekend we have an open line and proud five six seven
oh five six you don't forget noon to two at borders tomorrow can I see those a CDs by the way
or I may as that just the mockups yeah uh there just there's no sheeps or anything in them
there's no sheeps no she I thought oh okay we'll have the real things though and they're all
in borders right now that's a good news and also don't forget pizza love we want to give
Jeff a lot of free plus no way no pizza lot six to eight p.m. this coming Tuesday night at
October six and also T-shirt Tom of course will have all of our special T-shirts too for
center one tomorrow to get on Tuesday night here's Miami hello Miami okay I stalking you like I said
date County can they hold up their hand no way sad here's a mobile in the game old hello
and the other okay sir listen what are you gonna head out towards date County for the borders
uh city's right borders on and date County is uh yeah uh uh
aventure a Saturday October 31st the Ben and Jerry's in aventure
it's got you perfect thank you sure it's all I want to know I'll see you there bye bye all right
at Ben and Jerry's no less honey like that you can pick out you can do your fish food
don't get on the CDs though we have an open line in date County five six seven oh five
sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line they got fifty six and a half minutes to hold up
their right in the date County anybody believes they can do it no I don't either here's a lady
in Kendall hello hey uncle Neil yes man how you doing okay it's the dingo lady oh the dingo
lady okay I must have you must have heard your uh yes I did I didn't go right my baby right
yes I got tickled I was gonna think of a new one thing be well the dingo in a piece of 50
mm hmm yeah I was trying to get a happy birthday because I couldn't call before on my birthday
because I had oral herd grade oh you had oral like that critically they called us yesterday
thank you thank you and you know what's funny uh when uh George was on uh before I
wanted got some I called him got some tampons so I got tickled because I thought that they would
say here's pictures one in your place oh huh yeah uh huh yeah you so I'm joining and
enjoying the show and everything and have a great weekend yeah yes you two years see you okay
come bye what's he say two open lines in date five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on
the mobile one line here's Miami hello hey how you doing Neil okay sir listen I got an idea for you
you got all these schleppers calling in one of those tickets you collect the money for
the other one wanted to start a bid and start taking their money yeah you want my tickets you bid
you know my fifty bucks you get you know the CD and the tickets okay and you see what goes on there
Monday you'll do that Monday okay all right then see ya there you want me to just be that
dayd county we got two hundred open lines in date county we've had a film between now
one fifteen and we're gonna start something really a rash okay there's gonna be a rash right on
your rectum five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line so the
TV shows going off on November 5th right has a birthday gift to make which I appreciate very much
here's a lady in sunrise hello hi Neil yes ma'am I just want to tell you a new Roger
eyes how you do it okay I'd like to ask you about Leeland I'm really sick about you yeah what do you
think of you know what do you think we let him go didn't he still have three years left on his
head and out clause he had the option of staying relieving and he said goodbye I thought a way was just
a really nice guy so you say meaning what yeah anyway what do you think didn't Tom Browski wasn't
he the general manager from the expos uh-huh and wasn't Felipe allue the manager at that time with him
what do you think the chances are for him you know coming to take Leeland's place none none John
voles is going to be the manager oh oh I may sound stupid but who is he I don't I'm not familiar with
some guy they found out a bus works real cheap have a great weekend open line and
broward all three and date okay well we made it to low like after one o'clock they don't knock it
the way things started out again today we've actually made we've made tremendous inroads here today
we've almost made a comeback to do in a show eliminate like yesterday and today from these two great
shows we've had and not have to worry about trying to put together a tv show out of it because we
didn't even have a radio show out of these today as much less a half hour tv show you know a winner
from coconut creek got really lucky at Hollywood seminal gaming got it sports radio 560 Q a half it's
Friday you best you know on video and selling out all over the country Mr. Kimball
which end of this sale do you want well I'm in the mood for some moral satisfaction from Mr.
Amy yeah now maybe just a hand job each look or know just for red mix Mr. Amy Mr. Douglas
glad you could show up save your spot right here it's steaming it's hot it's in the back of my
pick up truck godly Mr. Haney where you shut up and get over here and hold Arnold still
feels good for Haney Tarnie rated xxx no on video
12 minutes after one at 560 wqm former dolphin charged in fire bombing attacks let's hear it
Ralph state attorneys office on Thursday charged former mommy dolphin football player Gene Atkins
with solicitation to commit aggravated battery for what prosecutors say was his part in the
fire bombing of a former business partner's home Miramar police charged Atkins with eight counts
of attempted second degree murder two counts of arson and one kind of conspiracy to commit
aggravated battery after someone who fire bombs and Alfred and Angela Simmons home in the 7700 block
of Kismet street in March and early April police arrested atkins 33 more than a month later saying
he hired the people who threw the fire bomb he's out on 275 thousand dollars bill Thursday's
charge is a significant reduction from the original count here you go all right Gene first it's
only an accusation you do understand that right uh-huh okay we have an open line at Broward date
county quiet okay date county ran out of gas put a right down to count the one 13th in the afternoon
Friday October 2nd 1998 that's when they ran they shot their low that was it couldn't keep it up could
you I'm not even close to two o'clock here's a mobile implantation hello hello new yes sir we'd have to
learn for a long time listener first time caller love me show all right of course I'm I know the
presentation I'm presently you're seeing borders I'm I was because it's near the U.S. one where
if branches off sunrise is not near the beach it's the first building after U.S. one branch is
off north on sunrise boulevard it's not even in the gallery a more complex I know that I see
it's okay to take sunrise east 201 just just pass you where U.S. one branch is north you go straight
ahead on sunrise and it's the first building on the right after the bridge right but it's not
near the beach it's wrong way from the beach well near to see a thousand of the beach in actual five you
could run like a mother and make it okay I'll see there tomorrow thank you so much okay one call
left on the board don't look for a 60s last 46 minutes does this not to me five six seven oh five
60 how five 60 on a mobile one line any Chris down there no anybody was at all okay sorry sorry
here's another mobile implantation hello happy Friday Neil yes sir
question in the comment first the comment I wanted to say thank you for the tympani's
recommendation on the momos pieces are spaghetti sauce that's great stuff yeah
man those huge clothes of garlic in the basil nothing like it I smeared on the moma Mary's
crust and it is outstanding yes sir and the question is is that I'm surprised we never heard
from them anymore they're out of Austin Texas I was reading the label and it's some great stuff
I thought every time I'm in public big piece of the basil and don't say fresh garlic in here it's
out of this world in the garlic is real mild yeah question now what was the professor's name
and if I use the teacher's Italian and is he still teaching a Saturday class or do you know oh yes
he does jack Kirschner Kirschner okay he's great wonderful thanks for the information okay have a great
weekend and you too as I could do
open line indeed one and brown at five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one
line as we try to examine find out what's happened to this town what happened to this town in the
final days of September there's definitely something wrote test can horrendous that happened nobody
has reported it nobody knows exactly what it is nobody can stick their finger on it everybody's got
their finger in each other's back no nobody knows what the hell exactly it is there I'm not just me
I'm not taking it personal because I know better than that I know everybody in their brother-in-law's
listed out there guarantee that I go to a hockey game there last night man I was getting
fondled by everybody except Rimmer I keep my distance there thank you but boy I'm telling you they
love me they're not the new macarena I'm a superstar and I'm a panthers they come over this beautiful
jersey my own personal Rogers jersey number 98 an extra extra extra large by the way thank you
here's a mobile in west Palm Beach hello Nail yes sir love your show question for you the guy
that called earlier he said that he played the video started somebody forcing him to listen to
the show he doesn't like it turn it off no no he's being held a gunpoint and that'll
be a good don't you don't you love these people who call the criticize which if he wants the
criticize who cares but why does he have to deny why does he have to pretend he says well I only
listen intermittently while I'm waiting for Pia how do you listen intermittently what the
other line he's full of crap and not only that but the things you do on your show is what makes the show
exactly exactly and it's my guy then show and my guy then tickets and if I want to give him a
way I will and if I don't I won't okay pal back to you all these old parts man you know this is
this place would be so much better if we could lower the demographic by about 10 years just 10
years not 20 or 30 which would be sensational because we're starting at a demographic of about
a hundred is not the average demo in his town about a hundred years old death plus 10 but if we could
just lower that demographic a little get rid of these sour old parts we're always looking they
got a criticize and they're looking for something to be bitter enough set about they got nothing
constructive they got nothing friendly they're unhappy they're miserable they're rotten they're
shriveled up like a goddamn prune on the outside and on the inside too where their brain used to be
there's nothing but a goddamn reason which I can relate to here's western hello hello yes sir
yeah half of the bastard smell too yeah but uh really I'm not a toad jim yeah that's it baby
I'm really not a Cub-Span meal but that game broke my heart yesterday why because I hate Ted Turner
yeah I'd like to bang Jane Fonda yeah and I can't stand the friggin braves and I love you sure okay
take care bro okay Frank Tappen a great job there for the Cub- unfortunately
Harvey Lopez came up their hobby duty see the thing with the braves is they got so much firepower
they got the Ryan Clisco and they got Chimper Jones who knocked into winning run and uh and
Harvey Lopez and all these other glam and they you know you can shut them down most of the game but
sooner or later one of them is most likely to come up into bite-y on the yes the horse grab and
pitch the great game and actually their bullpen came through which is very unusual for them
but there was a hell of a game and I and I realized it wasn't a football game but everything is
relative people that just generalize oh baseball's boring but you know something this has been one
hell of a year between them and Gwira Sammy stuff with the home runs and then the wild card thing
and a playoff with the Cub-Span the Giants and some of these playoff games have been pretty damn good
like like Houston San Diego yesterday which went to the hockey games so we didn't see the end but I
read about it and Jim Leritz it's a two-run picture on Homer in the top of the night to tie up that
game for San Diego and then Houston comes back and wins it five four into bottom of the night to
tie up the series and Kevin Brown with the 16 strikeouts and eight innings in the first game been
some great stuff going on oh but it's boring yeah whatever you say everything is boring except what
you like I understand that's the way life works you stick with your vanilla ice cream and I'll stick
with my stuff with my fish food and I talk about your ingrass here frozen yogurt here's a mobile in
the Hollywood hello hey Neil that's many how you doing sir great zone Neil great self is Neil
big fair thing hello Bill Henry's play yeah and I want to go away yeah okay okay yeah but wait yeah okay
I'm gonna see you okay see you are you sure positive
I'm still doing by the way I haven't heard from him in a a a-cunes age have we now that we sold all
those CDs for him I sure hope we do as well for us as we did for a fill with those CDs well we
sold those things out like like that like a heartbeat here's a call from Kendall hello
Neil yes sir I was listening to that schmucks in our dean I always crap off for
oh yeah dates where it's at man illegal aliens the great
country the living in Kendall my whole life okay deep sucks okay Dixie highway with all that
congestion okay I'm ready to rail with all those empty cars go to sweet water they got a
ball yeah yeah yeah with all those central America at the bottom of the freaking gene pool yeah
yeah yeah yeah you know you send all this crap about coconut grove and top of each those places are
so fake and plastic you know he's trying to be something they're not plastic is exactly the
word I couldn't have picked a better one that's a story from Neil all about living in
plan living in day and living in temple I was doing it in one day yeah hold the most hot all right
hey okay okay praise the call they got a pot smoker out there pot smoker we to learn
ain't nothing I'll get more upset about the plan and somebody is a smoking a wicked weed don't
you get upset about that no no me either I'm in government here that's the start you know
that legislates against plants this is the most unbelievable thing that there are people stupid
enough in this country who believe the government somehow has got a right to tell you what plants
you can grow where you can grow them what you can do with them where you can dry them out where you
can stick them as in your rectum thank God that there ain't nobody out there that's smoking a damn
wicked weed I thought I better put that card back on me that won't be on there anyway because we're
not gonna be doing a show off because we're going off on landy pretty so this Rob Kaplan this
man has got a sense of humor that's just unbelievable I mean cut why doesn't he just come in here and say
hey they're canceling the show after November 5th it's been a nice run of course they got to
continue paying you for several more months George they got to continue paying us for several more
months but we're going to come in here and clean off yeah yes yeah it's been on me time is the one
it says it's a stone forever it's got a it's lips what's wrong with the lips just because it's got
six joints in it or seven yeah oh guess what it's still gonna be up there okay and tell them to
blow it out there and now see it keeps falling out it must be an act of a vinky here what do
me supposed to ask not to hand that up there they'll have to put they'll have to block it out okay
good we might actually get a number then put something over my pus when I get some people
start watching it we block out my face how's this hold it or how you doing out there huh welcome to
wait all you ten year olds that are watching the cartoons we have two open lines and they
find say you believe that they asked him for me to take this card down here that's got the
a joint sign that's a stone forever which is just a comical postcard that I bought an Amsterdam
do they have any sense of humor over there no are they a bunch of Nazi bastards yes are they
you bet a bunch of fascists I'm not taking this card down okay maybe they'll have to start shooting
from a different angle maybe they'll just start doing this straight on thing which I look a
little bit better on that one anyway by the way which which is the one I look really bad and
pasty on which one is that the with this one over here well nobody no I'm serious that you know
the one I'm talking yeah you're talk about pasty man oh man I look like a schwarzer compared to you
and I haven't got any tan this year look at that one my arm I got serious I got more arm more
tan in this half an inch here's my half an inch take a look at that then you got in your whole body
pasty spit yeah no I know I know thanks I saw a rob yesterday rectum pretty interesting
here's a mobile in Miami hello hey I'm Neil Mark Mooney I was playing me tv's the time's the news
program I wanted to move here from the middle everybody died nothing the brave sport I don't know I
like the brave well they jealous I guess I don't know they don't get some success I can't believe
people down your own writing about what about the TV's just that's old blades I don't care about
it down here they couldn't care less don't you understand this is law all in it couldn't have
better give it a program you better get an investigative report going to see if you can find any
intelligence or any life period down here forget about intelligent so what day is your show going
huh ever great weekend Mark okay yeah we got a great set's of humor the way I made crew because we
know all the shows are going off except those old mastery runs mash in the monsters and Kephas
I USA and Rocky it's about me and all another crap how much generation any is that going off I don't
know that ain't going off see we know that that bill drucky keep his finger in that slot that's
right in his rectum open line in Dave County 5 6 7 0 5 65 come on let's bring back out loud as soon
as they say out loud off the air that was when I think right down the toilet we're right no
seriously we're having some fun with the whammy thing we're starting to make a little bit of
progress we could have put funny about taxing in his place okay and out of his space with those
people over there a channel 33 who are doing their best to sabotage our great efforts we know what
it's all about we know what you guys are trying to pull and doing a good job too by the way here's
a lady mobile impound lady mobile hello yes ma'am
nia yes and this is margarit hi margarit and I am actually very offended by a comment that you made
earlier good that Jamaican they're a popular that what that Jamaican they're pombles or Jamaican women
Jamaican guys are a little mellow work because they're smoking a good stuff yeah
but that Jamaican women you go tend to be very condescending and up to you know what I mean
I am not condescending you don't know anything about Jamaican oh Jamaican women
you make a comment very very up to you and condescending look down your noses and talk down to people
you're not Jamaican you must be from like the came in islands or some glacier place like that
virgin island saying qua saying koi you're not a woman you're Jamaican oh from Kingston
is there any other place on Jamaican besides Kingston no that's about it well what what what is
the main staple there besides marijuana what are they making Jamaican oh well we have box
sides we we import pain or sugar and all of that your pork yeah we do your pork yeah bet
okay margarit okay time we can bye bye we have an open line at broard 5 6 7 0 5 60
pound 5 60 that was a Jamaican namanica right there is what that was yeah man
and pound 5 60 on the mobile one line 126 here on qa m pompato parks got lots of action for
you today in fact this weekend a pompato with 350 bucks for this piece of crap oh no it's
an ice scale not a very friendly scale it's not one of those you can kind of like lean to the left
lean to the right and if you lean little too far sorry lean just a little bit too far that time
so anyway Rob Kaplan just told me that all the shows in Miami are going to be going off the year
November 5th except of course for let's see mash monsters cartoons and k-pasta USA everything
else going off here's Miami Beach hello no yes sir how you doing man okay three points you want
to make out first I was listening to show earlier the guy that said a Japanese sucks that
oh you know how how can anybody first the guy was about a hundred years old but how could
anybody who's a cup fan as that guy pretends to be watch that performance last night this guy came
up with one of his great performances of his lifetime and you know it gives up one run and they
want to bluesy me game in the 10th inning and this guy's knocking him I'm gonna be kissing his
ass I'm not a cut span but I watch first pitch to the last he puts great and he picks I mean you
couldn't ask for anymore with the bastard that when I had to blow everybody down and then
I don't know why he puts the better game than glaven did I mean glaven though we're glaven but I
mean this guy puts this hard I just have you look at sitting a home run well I mean come on I mean
he was blowing down everybody right I mean it's a shame that the cause of because I want to land
the lose I mean anyone to keep the land is okay my book yeah you know a lot of people hate those
braves I'm not sure what that's all about but a lot of people get really tired of them you know I
don't know what it is I don't like them either I don't like them but people get real tired of them
but when you come right down to it yeah I was thinking this last night during the game as much as
I like the cubs and I had those years when I was a real doubt and we'll come fan with a satellite dish
you know really the the two best teams by far I mean the national league you had three teams
with great records but still the braves are the best team in the league and the Yankees by far the
best team in the American League wouldn't it be justice if they just limited all this other playoff
crap and then we should have them in the world serious you know yeah boy that's Andy Ago's not bad either
yeah they're good and who's there's those slouch either no not at all I'm fully
for Andy Ago and that one but yeah but I mean good said it's happening I mean I mean he's not he
does that guy that made that call should be deported he should be on a crate right now we have
said the some temple country for him to make that comment he obviously doesn't know anything about
baseball which means he fits in here perfectly have a great weekend yes sir I couldn't listen to
your show you know throughout the week because it worked but you're making a point that during
young capore the the Jewish people are putting chickens on their head right what is that all about
is that an Israel or here well now there was a runs soft beach oh yeah they're choking something
over there yeah then when you put a chicken on your head it makes the steroids seep out of your body
yeah they're choking their dick so okay have a great day all right buddy what's wrong with that there's
a few of you what Jewish guys named dick we have an open line in date five six seven oh five
sixteen yeah we got some old Jews over there in the old country baby some of the orthodox they got
a chicken on it like I said look take the chicken put it on the floor sit down like I'm sitting
now at a chair put the chicken on the floor and lightly put your feet on the chicken then these
sins will run down the river don't flow upstream okay even the Kahulawasi river don't flow upstream
this idea stick it a chicken on your head that the sins of your body are going to flow it the
sins don't flow up they flow down why do you think your tutsi's hurt so bad all day long okay
because the sins are flowing down into your feet and your ankles into your toes that's
where you get those corns for on there that's why your feet smell so bad you know what I'm saying
put that chicken on the floor and very lightly just sit there with your feet on the chicken
till it starts making a commotion lay in a couple of eggs people with a chicken on their head
and they're blowing the chauffeur oh and calling me names here's a mobile in Miami hello
Neil God you have to wonder how the chauffeur can drive straight yes sir what's your
day doing today sir great never been better sir made a nice comeback here today after a
grotesque start you know what's happening in day county I'll tell you right now let's go ahead
some there these snowbirds are coming and we're all packing in and our stuff too are going
yeah yeah yeah but just be glad to hear that that the Canadian currencies in the toilet again man and
those frogs are turning around to go back where they came from that's true and their cars too right
have a good one yeah back to you yeah that's the good news we don't want you to feel bad all
your French Canadians out there but we hate you like boys and it's too bad about that loony man
loony's and tunis but they're worth a crash to just go back where you came from and go leave
go we have an open line at day five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line
those best of meals are in the borders and day and brow each and every one of them right now as we
speak we'll be at the one over by the gallery and four Lauderdale noon to two tomorrow sam's over
here running around like he's doing something important after you made christy wall the work nice
going here and then we'll have those t-shirts from t-shirt town or haha oh just relax will you
oh this guy now he's going to come in here and hack me a china that he actually did some work
what is his story what is his story this guy no sense of humor very uptight and you know something
good excellent we're starting to get to him here's a mobile in pop it all hello hello yes sir
yeah Neil I just want to tell you I had a new film about three books of my house this last week
yeah and we were able to put them when he uh few times for your show oh my god didn't help
didn't it's been saved it i'm sorry really not well they don't show me the ratings anymore it's a big
secret so i have no idea what they are i don't know what they are okay just to get you in a nice
colored shirt is a nice thing yeah i don't know if you heard about tech couple show us right they did
an international view of the clinton uh situation and without with maybe one exception whether
or Australia Europe stop America is real wherever they were people could not believe that we are
wasting as much time and effort right on somebody's personal life with just that's right absolutely
correct sir when i was over in europe all this was going on in me had the your presidents take coming
out and that's what everybody in their brother was saying all the networks all the people you talk
to same craft they don't even understand it and this show i was fairly impressed as you know the
American press has been so harping like they don't know what else to do they know their news
meanwhile how's that guy Rick Stachez uh here does he okay okay i have a great day pal 21 till two
at five sixty wq and we have an open line and date two and brown it now is up 118 points
and as that is down only two and a half not too bad we're making a little bit of a comeback here
on a Friday your money might be worth something by Monday but don't be too sure you know shopping for
electrosity you a help it's Friday you best dude all right order in the court please now just
out of the court
i'm gonna fix those Nazis over there when we okay that are all upset about this postcard i got
sitting on the mic stand here that are all uh they have no sense of humor it's a joke okay
it's a joke it's a pair of big red lips just like Stephanie's okay only bigger and redder
with seven joints and it okay it says uh smoke uh stone forever is what it's a joke
are we promoting smoking weed here no damn right we having damn wrong we're not no first not
are we promoting legalization americana yes we are no we're not and they're all having an
anti smoking oh that should put them over the top anti smoking campaign on there like they're really
you know put those starving kids from africa back on here again okay cut the crap
binky you idiot well how do we get hooked up with him seriously how did we get involved with this
is it Marvin was that the guy was it Marvin who did all this well they approached Marvin because
they knew that he knew you so they had you and they they wanted you and they thought they could
say and you know something at this point i hate to say this because a lot of people have worked
very hard and joe's eaten a lot of meals in there but uh at this point it's almost satisfying
that we didn't get any numbers for him you know that the show was a bigger bond than the jabs
ever saw because when you see the kind of operation that's going on over there you say to yourself
what's the point is there a point no exactly other than the one on at the fascist head over there
maddie oh god i mean these people are television people like my grandma and she's been dead for 20
years here's coral gable so low hello yes man hi i i was able to catch your last segment uh you know
when you were speaking to that Jamaican lady yes okay well anyway i'm a Jamaican and i do want to say
that i'm one of those condescending up with these bitches yeah see i told you but anyway
admit it that's good and you're absolutely right we do produce a lot of marijuana and we do eat a
lot of jerk chicken but i tell you one thing we don't produce and guess what that is thanks no
dicks like you what is it dicks like me that's right oh sure you do there's a lot of dicks and
a fine nice talk to you nice talk to you huh little hint run nice talk to you oh i don't i don't think
i'm going to be able to make it through the weekend now she gave me a little zet's there okay nice
talk to you we don't produce dicks like you there's no Jamaican dicks yeah maybe one that's why
those women are so uppity huh maybe there's like a lot of dicks in Jamaican think there's a lot of
dicks i will be surprised at all here's four Myers hello and you how you doing okay sir and call
on uh... i'm telling you to call up you know it's got a great season tabling picture great game last night
you got a brace in our line and and that's why the braids go to the world today
it might not be able to win it again this year but that's why they go over you they find a way to win
the game you know the braids bullpen's looks either a keelies well uh
they look pretty good last night compared to the couple who's that kid that uh the young kid that
they brought in the seventh inning that uh... hey rocker rocker rocker well actually he can really
bring it man he can he can bring it pretty good lightning bird throwing pretty good
seeing as it's wrong good yeah yeah around the tent hardwell scare there is one
fish about five games but uh... you look pretty good too yeah they bother like crap but who doesn't
exactly okay pal i would go on good luck to you braids over the Yankees four straight wouldn't
that be something oh boy get those Yankee fans up and out of shape all that's never gonna happen
okay whatever you say we'll see we will see what we will see here's four lotterdale hello
nil that was up a hundred and forty yes sir when it started this
yeah i'd like to just uh... maybe help your listeners out a little bit
they need to about hockey football what's tougher what's boring what's not right uh... i played
mind-blowing hockey for just over three seasons yes sir and i can assure you that the end of the
season when you stand in front of the mirror your underwear yeah you're covered in black blue purple
yellow marks as if you've been beaten by a baseball bat i can just i'm trying to envision rewitness
standing naked at the end of the season in front of a mirror covered with black blue and yellow marks
not not a pretty sight well one last thing yeah and then i felt football game the total amount of time
where the athletes are actually in motion and playing not in the huddle not waiting for TV
pie outs amounts to just under eight minutes how do you like that talk about four what about your
pussy man yeah eight minutes eight minutes these guys are getting paid millions of dollars a year
to go out there and potty ruff or eight minutes and hold hands in the huddle and uh... stick
their hands under each other's echoing like that i'm a little bit that i felt published the
testing on believe on the way of the good news i think they're straightening these bastards out
all right buddy there you go there's your football for you it's a date club you more on make no mistake
about that
yet a guy go i mean where else in the world can you see a guy with tight pants on
go and get down on all fours another guy comes up behind him
sticks his hands under his ass and then starts barking up sixty on sixty nine sixty
what the hell is that i mean he's not talking about whammy i'll guarantee you that
man oh man guy sticking his hands at her another guy's ass reaching for his pig skin
that's a date club you more at his foreskin
boy oh boy you think anybody's kidn' anybody here no
gee they wonder why monday night footballs the numbers are dropping like a rock
wait till all of that that was up a hundred and fifty points and then as that finally moved the
uh... erot of the plus column of fifty six cents which at least is moving in the right direction
with two hours and some to go what that'll happen here there must be something and thank
out i got the volume down i don't want to know they i don't want to know what's going on behind
the scenes i don't want to hear the experts all talking to be as i don't want to hear abby joseph
Cohen kareem javarsh warts talking about the that was going to be ten thousand that'll be eighteen
i just want to see the numbers keep going up get my money out and then all you gamblers out they
have a great time with it okay just get it back up to where i can get most of my money back out i
think a lot of people would agree just let me out because we're all getting real nervous because
the whole world it's a basket case it's a psychological thing not that they want to be way to panic
we're not talking world recession and depression too loud are we
if you can't sleep in the
air
got the american way hi there boys and girls today we've got a very extra special friend
stop and buy show us all about something really special
i can't wait to do it right now come on in this like me
oh yeah laddie hey brought by something i wanted to show you
oh i wonder what it is it looks like looks like i got the boys with a keel time
that's me back boy
you're back hey what can i touch it sure go ahead oh run your hands
that's that's fine hey like well there hey what's this right here that is my ball pipe
what do you do with the ball pipe you blow it lad
you blow it
why you put your mouth around it on your blow
okay can i do that okay would you like to blow my pipe laddie
can i sure go ahead okay come on lad you got to put your mouth around it lad
don't be afraid it's not going to break like like like this
hey that's a boy stick it on the way down your throat
it's bigger hey it means you do it alive
what's this over here that's midshanta
what do i do with that what do you do with that laddie is you put your both hands on it
you cover the hole and you run your hands up and down the shaft
real quick hey run your hands up and down it there
now what you want to do laddie is you want to blow on the pipe you want to squeeze the bag nice and
gentle and then you want to run your hands up into the shaft real quick
okay all together all at the same time okay here we go
good laddie yeah that's good lad
sure hey good laddie keep blowing
no harder laddie harder squeeze the bag
please man run your hands up and down the shaft to pick the master
run your hands up and down the shaft
after the kitchen you put it maybe what this market man is just zooming up there what
that'll happen somebody have a good bm and a white house or something that was up
155 points and just zooming up there to astronomical uh yeah sure it is of course it lost 210
yesterday and 237 the day before that so don't get too excited although some of us are thinking
about going home in summer here you know what i said
get that money out baby because the bad days are coming don't say that see the markets way up
that means everybody ought to get on the phone right now take all the profits are going to make
today when they sell and get their center one CDs right the best of nil 97 98 volumes one and two
which are sensational believe me trust me when i tell you CD or cassette 20 bucks a pop you can call
center one that number is working right now i hope they're wrecking in some serious bucks today
deaf Lindsey we just done here he said he's going to give us a check for center one nice going
up what about Greg Reed no what about the screw in no we better educate these people make them
understand that at i.o.d which i hate to mention at station but even when packs embodied the head
haunches they're all gave us checks for a center one and back in the a camel a soundstays when
we were raising money for them all gave us nice big checks from the station we used to get a check
for a grant from i remember that from i.o.d you think we're going to get a check from the measly
boys over in no oh boy are we going to get a big one yeah well they're taking them out at George's
and so what's that number oh i didn't give it 95 well i'm on a roll here okay by the gallery
in port letter dale thanks coming up next we got Kimba Boat camper at six o'clock yankies in
Texas 745 tonight
