Q-A-L.
Frame with the hazard pair.
Q-A-Y-S-U-C-A-L.
Ah!
Hey!
There we go.
Hey y'all, my name is Lance, Eugene Thomas.
Bradley Bush is nominee for the Supreme Court.
And you know there's a lot of people out there that think just of.
I smoke a little marijuana when I was in college.
Yeah, they weren't that bad.
Can enjoy.
Yeah, maybe.
Sing outside your, I know, remember y'all.
If they don't think I'm fit to be on the Supreme Court, yeah, I got to much.
Let's do this quick and get out of here.
I want to sit y'all straight.
When I stop reviewing the law, I don't just review the law.
There y'all.
I mean, don't get.
And I talk it to the East.
And I talk it to the West.
And I talk it while I look up Saturday.
Oh, God, I'm impressed.
I'll be talking.
Oh, my God, if we got something to go, okay, here he is.
Here's the counselor, Norm Kett, one of the great pot smokers in the history of mankind.
But only when he's an Amsterdam.
Are you there?
I'll come back here.
Hello.
Hello.
There he is.
I am here having finished a great discussion with Maddie Wesson.
He's an asshole.
Who I have just said to him has advocated a position which is
Assanine Archeic and Beyond Comprehension.
You're not acceptable, yeah?
He said that he's not going to air the show on WAMI Channel 69 because the forever stone hat gives the impression that marijuana is illegal.
And he doesn't want to advance that impression I suppose to our impressionable youth.
He further said that the hat is taken out of context from your show,
but that you could wear a swastika and maybe then he would air it.
Uh-huh.
And he's trying to explain this to me.
So in other words, advocating hate crimes, that would be okay, but wearing something that's a joke that's a cartoon.
Right.
Beyond acceptable for us.
It's not acceptable for this cutting edge television.
No, no, no, no.
No, no, no.
No, no, no.
No, no, no.
No, no, no.
No, no, no.
No, no, no.
No, no, no.
No, no, no.
No, no, no.
No, no, no.
No, no, no.
No, no, no.
No, no, no.
No, no, no.
No, no, no.
No, no, no.
No, no, no.
Except for Pes ethnic University people who are talking about NC takie and without any particular issues about Ethn identity.
of course, here's a man with no sense of humor who's been putting bleeps.
We already bleep stuff for this program, which is a radio show, which is on in broad daylight
from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. we have no disclaimers on this show talking about parental guidance
and so on.
The TV show has got 80 million disclaimers on it.
Every time they come back from a long-ponderous PSA for disturbing children in Africa, one
of those long breaks they come on with another disclaimer.
And there aren't supposed to be little kids watching that, but even assuming that they
were, it would be okay for me to be seeing they're wearing a swastika or some other
hate symbol, but if I'm wearing a cartoon with a pair of lips would seven joints in it,
saying stone forever, therefore I'm advocating something illegal, like maybe thinking.
Time time TV on regular...
People having adultery on soap operas and having for 30 and 40 years on television,
on network television in the middle of the daytime, which last time I checked, adultery
was illegal unless you're in the White House.
And I don't see anybody having the nervous breakdown about that.
Well, he's having quite an...
Like I said, it's in Transagen.
Well, I can tell you off the air before we started this circus this morning, every other
television show, any television show that I suspect to be competitive and have an audience
has a tremendous amount of work and effort and the thought that goes into it before it's
being put on the air as opposed to just showing somebody or chopping it up, censoring it,
bleeping it, cutting out anything that might be in the least bit, satirical, interesting,
humorous, et cetera.
And I've posted up here on the microphone, how about all the stuff with the Pope and the
Epeach Show that we have behind me sitting up on the cabinet that have been taken regularly
since the show has been on?
How is it out of context?
Well, I'm going to give you an explanation if you want him, man.
Was that the bulk of your broadcast does not relate to marijuana and it gives a false
image to the listeners if you were to go ahead and do four hours on, and then when I
pointed that out to him, he said, well, it's illegal.
So in other words, if I went on the air and I advocated that people should be smoking
pot, which is illegal, then it would be okay.
But if I'm sitting here wearing a satirical postcard on my head from Amsterdam, then it's
not okay.
I mean, we're talking about a man who is such a raving asshole who is so eminently
unqualified to be even watching television, much less be working in it, that there are
no words to describe it.
Well, I invite.
This is a death wish that I have been sucked into by well-meaning but very naive people
who really believe that creative people were going to put something revolutionary cutting
edge on television, which is a source of tremendous personal embarrassment, humiliation, and absolutely
nothing positive toward yours truly.
You would think that when we endure the only show on that television station, they've
been on our four and a half months, the only show that has anybody in this town talking
about it is Neil at night, even as poorly produced and as garbage as it is what they're
putting on here and as bleeped out and censored up as it is, that's the only thing that they
have anybody in this town talking about and believe me, it's going to be off of there
very soon.
I'm inclined to believe that too if they don't change their intransigent position.
I think it's utterly unacceptable that.
I mean, we're talking about something here that is so basic and so juvenile and so idiotic
that we have to waste time with this, that it's pathetic.
I've invited him to call you directly on the air.
Well, he doesn't have the guts to call me.
This guy was told on Friday before I got one out of town.
I was told he was going to call me here this morning.
I left the phone on block waiting for his phone call.
It never came.
Just like he was never returned my phone calls last Tuesday, last Thursday.
Rob Kaplan comes in here, dials up the office, leaves a message, and I sit here on my S
waiting, doesn't return to phone call because this man doesn't have the caulons to talk
to me.
Because he knows he's in an indefensible position.
And quite frankly, I don't think Whammy wants to put the new Roger show on the air, which
is fine with me.
I'm here, as you know, since you're the one that made the deal, I'm hired here to do
a radio show for WQAM.
Not to be made some kind of a jackass on television.
I think Whammy said here at a drill app, sat for four hours every day, and do a radio show.
That's what they're going to wind up keeping and putting on the air, which may not be too
appetizing, but that'll be what we'll be on the air.
Even the dogs agree there.
Okay, absolutely the German Shepherd Lightning is agreeing completely.
So I'm going to see what calls come of this and make a couple of calls, and I'll be back
with you as the morning progresses.
Okay, covering yourself accordingly.
Go to the dog, get on here.
So we have another major writhing on here.
There you go.
A big song to dance because we've gotten this really guy that comes in here, has no concept
of what's sad, heomer.
There's nothing like putting the new Roger show on television without any, but on the
humor.
There you go.
Let's put a few more bleeps in there.
There you go.
So we can't hear any of the words that are being spoken, but we're going to put it on
here.
How come we can't get any numbers with this?
How come nobody's watching it?
How come these don't be watching that television station?
Don't they want to see all those rehashed washed out episodes of Mash over and over again?
No, come on.
Ten minutes after it's that.
I don't know what it is because everybody less fruity than George, but he's, uh, I have
a snaggle to it.
You don't sound fruity off the air, but I'm here.
You sound maybe you need a different microphone, a little different mic technique.
I need to get your mouth off it.
Maybe you need braces.
That's possible, but a little fruity sounding.
And the other thing that I would say is that we already know that you hate to backstreet
voice and you don't like sports.
It's not, and you were ripping the bird for doing anti-neel while he was on, but there's
no point in that.
There's no point in talking about, well, neolikes to the backstreet voice and they suck,
which quite frankly nobody cares whether you like to backstreet voice or not.
And they already know those assholes that were making, what is it?
I was just responding to those assholes that were calling, making stuff up and exaggerating
about what?
About the anti-neel thing.
Gris as if you didn't expect anything else.
I'm not saying I still don't understand.
Okay, so dummy up.
Okay, it's not friday and seriously.
It takes a lot to impress me because I've flown most of the major airlines, but the food,
the food on American airlines is great.
Not just good, but it's great.
Thank you.
You're like a real meal.
In fact, they gave us a chicken, focaccia salad.
I'm sorry for all your gritos out there, focaccia sandwich.
Coming back yesterday.
And with a big cup, not just like a little teaspoon dropper, but a big cup of piping hot
text mech soup.
Pretty hot stuff, but it was delicious.
With corn in it, which is becoming out of any day now.
And then I don't want to say that I ate it, okay, but I did.
They bring you a hot brownie with vanilla ice cream and chocolate sauce on it for dessert
and first glass.
Oh, American Airlines.
How come these other bum fork airlines don't know how to feed people?
I don't want to mention Delta and my good friends at Air Canada.
How come they don't know how to feed people?
I mean, their rates are no lower than American.
They're no bargain on a these airlines.
They go, you want arm and leg.
They rape you to get on the guide damn plane.
So the least they can do is feed you like an edible meal.
Let's hear for American Airlines.
God, your food is great.
And the planes are pretty damn good too.
They're configured big, comfortable seats.
God almighty, I kind of like that.
They're leaving Friday at noon kind of thing.
You may see a lot of that next year.
I'm serious.
So anyway, A&E last night had this thing from 9 to 11.
Anybody out there see it?
No.
Let's be the only one Italians in America.
Which of course, I have a great interest in Italy and Italians
and all the other good stuff.
And it was pretty interesting about how the Italians all came here
and about how they were discriminated against.
It's like every other ethnic group,
why should they be any different?
And they grew up and they were ethnic ghettos,
and so on and worked their way up,
taking jobs that nobody else would take.
And then they went to New Orleans
and they went out to San Francisco, et cetera, and so on.
Very interesting stuff.
But then we started getting into the mob stuff.
OK, and then we just saw this ethnic paranoia creeping in.
In fact, they were talking about Joe Velachi
and his testimony in front of Congress
and Laquist and Austria.
And they were trying to make it appear
that Joe Velachi just made most of this up.
And other people put the words in his mouth
and he was just a puppet life.
Kind of like the puppet strings there
at the beginning of the Godfather.
And then of course, we did hear about the Godfather
in Francis Ford, Kofala, and how there are a bunch of actors
who make a lot of money in these anti-Italian movies
and these mafia movies they should out.
But Chino's post and Robert De Nirova didn't mention
in my name, of course.
And they made it seem like there's no such thing
as the Sicilian mafia.
So it wasn't important.
That this isn't part of ethnic culture in Italy.
But that it was something because we had mobsters here.
We had Irish mobsters and we had Jewish mobsters
and gangs in every other ethnic group.
Therefore, it was natural it had just developed
in the Italian community.
Well, I hate to break the news to whoever the people were on A&E
who usually do a great job with their documentaries.
I love A&E.
I hate to break the news to them.
But the Sicilian mafia, the black hand,
has been around for a very long like hundreds of years.
And maybe it's only my imagination.
But every time I go to Italy
and you read the Italian newspapers,
Robert Poodlecola, Stompa, whichever newspapers they are,
Cora De La De La Santa,
even in my limited Italian,
every paper there are stories about shootings,
usually in Sicilian, Sicily, mafia shootings.
Don't have to worry about anybody else getting shot
in Italy because nobody has any guns.
It doesn't happen.
So, evidently, somebody better tell these people
involved in this A&E documentary.
And you know, how could it be a documentary
when you include all this ethnic paranoia?
That's the one thing that bothered me.
And of course, they had Rudy Giuliani on there,
the mayor of Disney World North, New York.
And you know, he had some pretty interesting comments.
And it's true, like maybe one part of 1% of Italians
are involved in the mafia.
And then of course, there were a whole bunch of others
who wished they could give in.
But what's the big deal?
But to suggest that somehow Joe Velacci
made all this stuff up,
and it was just a myth, just kind of myth-difficing me.
I'll tell you that right now.
The black hand, baby,
a lot closer to our thing.
But Joe Velacci just made it up.
But it was pretty interesting.
I thought nobody else out there, I'm sure, sought.
How about those Panthers?
Anybody see the Panthers games?
That's what I got to get to the field in,
because I wasn't here.
Of course, keep in mind,
don't get too excited yet who they played.
They played Tampa Bay and they'd open on Friday.
We need some spy reports on that game
on the ambiance on the...
And what did I tell you about Mark Parrish?
You get two goals on opening night.
He's gonna be a star, Victor Coslov.
Two goals into assisted opening night.
And then they shut out the predators up there in Nashville,
one nothing, and whatever.
David Elley was a coma, coma game on Saturday.
And of course, the only goal of the game, we know got that.
Ray Whitney has a pair.
My buddy Ray Whitney is going to the only goal of the game.
So the Panthers are two and a half,
the Leafs peep the, the Tvert Red Wings
right up there in Toronto,
eight, two to one on Saturday.
Which were almost filled in a day, but never less.
So the hockey scenes underway, thank God.
But this whammy thing,
this is gonna turn you into a way
like Major Contra Thompson on their dare,
so until low we get rid of this TV thing.
I mean, when you consider the number of people
who are watching, and also,
but in the beginning we had people calling in on the show
with comments, oh, he's got the blue shirt on today
and the orange shirt, that was about the only thing
they ever talked about.
Was which shirt I had on that day?
And whether my eyebrows looked good from the side
or like they were too bushy and as Andy Rune
are gonna be doing the show with bigger eyebrows.
And that's basically about it,
because it's a chopped up jumble of a mess.
It's pretty much what it is.
Yeah, I think that sums it up in one word.
And it's turning out to be an impediment
to my life and to this radio show
and to the entire universe in general
because it's being operated over there
by a bunch of losers, by people who have no idea
what they all are doing.
First, we had the technical incompetence in the beginning,
which made it the laughing stock.
Notches my show, but the entire station.
And now we've got the, oh yeah,
everything is two out, it's two outrageous,
it's two for us.
Because in spite of what Barry Diller
and his crew of lunatics said what I came in here
about cutting edge, there's really cutting edge
to put on a new show, isn't it?
That's pretty cutting edge.
Or it's really cutting edge to put on a sports show.
That's cutting edge.
But to put something on local,
and the reason I got these cards in Amsterdam
and the first place in Broughtham back
was because I'm constantly trying to come up
in my own way, even though it shouldn't be my responsibility
to doing something visual in here.
Even though this is a radio show,
since they don't go out and make any effort
to put any visuals in there
or do anything like edit in something
that might catch the eye because it's a TV show dummy.
So I got these cards in Broughtham back
to propose a Peep Show and all of these,
a marijuana thing, they're all cartoon postcards.
They are satire is what they are.
And Maddie Lesham is too stupid to understand that.
That's what we're dealing with at Wami.
That's why every single show that they put on the year
over there is a big bomb, a gigantic bomb.
That's why the station, if you took the cartoons away
and the reruns of their old washed out prints
of old TV shows from the past,
if you took that away,
would there be anybody watching that channel?
No.
So what are we involved with?
A gigantic source of great consternation and aggravation,
an enormous waste of time.
Am I making any money that I could even talk about
from that thing?
So what's the benefit?
Are we getting some tremendous increased response
out of radio station because we got exposure on TV?
No.
Are the ratings going through the roof
because we got a whole new audience out there
from being on television?
No.
Of course not.
Because there's nothing to watch.
They put on these long, ponderous, terminal phone calls
and I keep trying to tell these people
who are putting the thing together.
Nobody wants to hear, forget it,
a four hour radio show that might be one thing
you're gonna get some of those,
but in a 20 minute show when you take out the spots
in the PSAs and the starving kids in Africa,
when you take that out,
you got about 20 or 21 minutes left over.
Who the hell wants to hear some boring ponderous
goddamn phone calls?
Are anybody wants to watch that?
No.
Of course not.
I know very little.
I mean, I've done some television over the years.
I've been on my own show,
other than that awful thing I'm 51 year
and you know something even that
was better done than this.
That's three o'clock in the morning
with me just sitting in a chair
with looking in a fixed camera.
Got more discussion and more involvement
than this thing is getting
because they're uptight about pot over at whammy.
They're all smoking it, but they're uptight.
Maybe that's why they're so uptight about it.
Maybe we ought to have a rate over there.
Maybe that's what's straight in their ass out, huh?
I can just see it right now.
Big headlines, both those papers, pot rate and whammy.
Israeli's going to jail.
I can just see it now.
There you go.
I mean, that double talk that he gave to him can,
whatever the hell the norm said there,
a little while ago,
well what does that mean?
Does anybody understand what the hell he said?
No.
What that was all about?
If it was within the context of the show.
Is there anything in this room?
Is Enrique Iglesias?
Do I talk about Enrique here for four hours every day?
No.
But do we see his picture on the,
his, whatever it is?
Because it's part of the studio.
It's part of the ambiance of the show in the studio.
That's all.
And I'm working for a guy who's too stupid.
I understand that.
Send Maddie over to Amsterdam.
Maybe he can get laid over there all the way down.
It maybe he might get laid.
Maybe that might lighten them up a little bit.
And just coincidentally,
I happen to have received today in the mail this morning.
And I have no idea from whom,
but I think this from somebody in Key West,
evidently, because this is out of a Key West newspaper,
what you'd expect, I guess.
Big article by G. Spencer Meyers guest columnist.
And it doesn't say usually when there's a guest columnist,
it says at the bottom who that, who that be.
It doesn't say who that is, nor do I care.
It says that Dutch example shows how it can work.
The economics of legalized marijuana.
Big, big article here today,
which I think I'm gonna read the whole God damn thing
on here today is what I'm gonna do.
Because it makes too much sense.
Do I smoke marijuana?
No.
If I got any interested marijuana.
No.
If I did, then somebody could accuse me of being here
using their show, the radio show, the TV show.
Did the part try to promote marijuana?
I don't give a crap of the you do or you don't.
You don't say it.
Of course.
That's the point.
Stop with this stone age kind of mentality.
I hate to break the news, the boys and girls,
but prohibition doesn't work.
Oh my God, what a shock.
What a concept.
What a revolutionary, unacceptable thing for you to say.
You expect them to put that on TV?
You say in that, you bet they won't.
Because they're cutting edge, baby.
They're cutting it.
You can smell it all the way over here.
The wind's blowing in the right direction, right from South Beach.
You can smell it.
Oh, the Amy cut that one.
Amy, I can just cut one.
Oh, she must have had out the banks or clothes today.
1027 is 5208.
You call this big market radio?
No, on video and selling out all over the country.
Mr. Kimball, wait into this sound that you want.
Well, I'm in the mood for some moral satisfaction.
I'm just rainy.
Yep, maybe just a hand job.
It's the point of just for red vigs.
Mr. Haney, Mr. Douglas,
glad you could show off.
Save you a spotlight here.
It's steaming, it's hot, it's in the back of my pickup truck.
God, wait, Mr. Haney, we should up,
Ab, and get over here and hold Arnold's wheel.
Oh, that feels good.
Our Haney's horny, rated execs, X, none video.
Okay, 1032 at 560WQAM.
So we've all taken a vote, Maddie Lesham's an asshole.
Yeah, we're the side of that.
Why don't they just put home shopping back on?
There wouldn't that be a tremendous service?
Yeah, let's take a vote.
Everybody want home shopping back here on Wanny?
Okay, get that crap off of there.
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
OK.
I wanted to tell you about Friday night,
debacle at the arena.
Debacle?
Oh, I was heartbroken.
I've been a student ticket all blah, blah, blah.
I love the panthers.
I'm a hometown guy.
I left at a quarter to seven from Oakland and University.
Yeah.
I did not get into the parking lot because the morons
that were running it till 735.
And I passed as far away as possible
that you could still consider being in the arena.
After hiking all the way in there, sitting down, all right.
And I sit the top and front of the car.
Well, how come it took you so long to get in there?
It was bumper to bumper traffic.
It was ridiculous.
Ridiculous.
Which way did you go?
I came to Oakland Park right down straight from University
in Oakland.
I left it a quarter to seven.
That's Benagin.
And I drove straight to the arena via Oakland.
There's Lenny had a good time.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
And you think we're having a good time, huh?
So there's a happy camper.
Now, I won't get some of this fire reports.
People had a great time there at the Macarena Friday.
Won't wait 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the mobile one line.
I know it's the beasier off to a pretty good start up there.
Philadelphia.
I know people are going to say, well, Z Sean Burke and Kirk McLean
got his shut out.
Yeah, but look who we played.
Don't get too carried away about that gold handing it.
OK, we played the worst two teams in league so far, which
I'm delighted we won the games, but don't get too excited quite
yet.
Beasers shots out to Rangers the first game that
gives a bully one goal.
Go against Anaheim.
Fire is win four one last night.
Wouldn't that be something if Beasers had a big year up there?
Oh boy.
What are some of these people going to be saying?
Some of his detractors of which there are many, by the way.
For reasons I still haven't figured out.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Mio.
How you doing?
OK, sir.
Yeah, I was a guy you gave the tickets to on Friday.
Very talked about parish.
I had a great time.
I left you in downtown at 5 3.
Got over to no problem.
Right.
He had a good time.
All right.
OK, there's a guy get my tickets to when he had a good time.
No complaints.
Got in a seat.
There were only no problems.
5 6 7 0 5 6 the pound 5 6 the animal one line.
We have an open line.
Anybody else see that the Titans in America thing last night on.
No, no, no.
Oh, they were all watching.
Wami.
I'm sorry.
They're all waiting for us here to come on last night on Sunday.
It's not on Sunday anymore.
And guess what Monday through Saturday.
I think it's going to be pretty much the same very soon like maybe tonight, tomorrow,
whatever.
Open line and Broward all of day.
5 6 7 0 5 6 the in pound 5 6 the animal one line.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Good morning, Mio.
Yes, sir.
Hi, how are you doing?
Great.
Listen, I have a question for you on Godfather Part 2.
I've seen that movie several times.
And if you think towards the end of it after the government stopped the investigation of Michael
and Michael is in the hotel room and he's alone.
Kate comes in and she announces that she's leaving.
She's taking the kids.
Right.
I don't know if she was going to P.O.Y. at that time, but anyway, that's another story.
She starts to tell him something about look what you have done to our son.
And he's Michael Blurk that I don't want to hear it.
I don't want to hear it.
They never really mentioned anything about that.
You got any ideas as to what, if anything, emotionally was wrong with his son?
Now which one was the son?
Was the son of one of the people who became the opera singer?
I think they only have one son and he had I think a son and a little girl.
Right.
Part 2.
Right.
But in the hotel room.
But the son was the one who became the opera singer.
Don't you remember in Godfather 3 they went and saw him sing in Italy?
Well, but what would be wrong with that?
What would be wrong with that?
Nothing.
Okay.
In other words, he wanted him to be...
I don't know what the hell he wanted him to be.
Don't you remember?
There was the conflict he wanted to be a singer and...
Well, but that would be a gangster or something.
Oh, I shouldn't have said that.
We'll get some Italians up, sir.
Now that was in part 3.
It just seemed to me that there was some type of an emotional problem and Kate was trying
to explain it and he just...
They were...
They were...
They were...
They were really never said.
No.
It was never spoken.
Okay, great.
Thanks a lot.
Okay, I have a very nice name.
And don't forget, there's no such thing as La Cosa Nostra.
There's no such thing as La Mafia.
Okay, it's just another commie-pinkopla.
Just another one of those things that the people out there at Francis Ford cobbly needed
the money.
He had a lot of bombs, a lot of big ones dropped and he needed the money badly.
And so he just exploited for fun and profit.
Another ethnic group.
There's no such thing as La Mafia.
There's no such thing as the Black Hand.
There's no such thing as La Mafia and Sicily.
We know that.
22 before 11 at 5.
First, Marlon Brando was the Godfather.
Then Al Pacino was Godfather 2 and 3.
Now get ready for the ultimate Godfather.
Godfather 4.
Oh yeah, Godfather, he must have helped him in these agonies that come in and they're
burning my house with sound.
And they're heading to my family.
Maybe you could order a hit or something.
Hey, chop a hit.
I'm dead by a hit.
I'm coming super bad.
Make it feel good.
You get up like a fed machine.
Get him, gotta give it up.
Tell him to.
Get on the good foot.
Make a brigadocole sweat.
Come say, C, D, D, O.
Godfather, pardon me.
But you just have done the look like any of the other collionies.
Collionie, rabbit, rabbit, rabbit.
They're gonna be none of that.
They're having so food.
Tell them, chillin' speed.
Gotta make it break out the colls, man.
Go Lord.
The Godfather for is starring James Brown, the Godfather of Seoul.
He'll make you an offer.
You can't understand.
1044-560-WQM, I guess there's nobody else.
No.
In this audience, it saw the Italians on a Mercury thing on A&E last night.
Too bad.
Like I said, pretty interesting.
But incredible ethnic paranoid in the last of 45 minutes.
Unbelievable.
There's no Godfather.
Just like what's his name said.
Frankie Pentangeli.
I didn't know no Godfather.
Oh yeah, I knew his father.
We knew olive oil business together.
That was it.
And then they go through a whole long thing in the last few minutes.
Showing all the pizzas, no la rabbioli, and the spaghetti, and the maniccadia.
That's great.
Here's a mobile in Del Rey Beach.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
How are you doing?
Okay.
It's Scott.
Yeah.
Your friend Scott.
You remember me?
Scott the long guy.
Scott the long guy.
Yes.
How are you doing?
He does the Advantageing Act every now and then for like months of the time.
Yeah, everyone's the one.
The front of my house looks pretty crappy.
I'll tell you that Scott.
Yeah, but hey, we don't want to go into that.
Hey, that parking, the guy who's talking about Dorothy Arena, the absolute worst.
The kids that are running it don't have a clue.
We got in there at about, about seven or so, maybe a little bit early.
Up.
Taking your stuff, driving you in, and then driving you back out of the arena,
out onto sunrise, and then down, or wherever, like by the front of Stargrass,
and all there, back to the other parking, which they didn't have any parking work.
Then they had to go.
They were saying that they don't have enough parking, that they had always time to plan this thing out,
and lay it out perfectly, et cetera, and so on.
And they're 19,200 people, they squeezed in there, they don't have enough parking.
How did they park all the people when they had the Celine Dion and Ellen John concerts?
They were the same problem.
They said that they have 7,500 parking spots.
How do you have 7,500 parking spots, and you have 19,000 in Arena?
Well, you're figuring out everybody comes in one car.
They're figuring like two types.
How many people have a car pool, a schlep nine, ten people, are they going to get all vans?
No, I'm not talking about carpooling, but most people, I mean, did you come alone?
No, but one person with me, so that's two.
Okay, so there's two people, so 7,500 times two is 15,000,
and you've got to figure out there are plenty of people coming in groups, three, four, five people in a car.
How many people are underneath the ground parking?
Underground, where are you?
No, where are you parking?
No way, you're going to cost 2,500 bucks a year for that underneath parking.
Oh my God.
Yeah.
I'm not going to figure 2.
Go ahead.
I park in the preferred parking, which I have no idea how many of that holds,
but it's got to be a couple of thousand anyway.
Well, if there's no spots, and then what they did is they started parking people like where the bus parks,
you know, like where they have bus parking, but they weren't putting them close enough together.
They were just parking them wherever they wanted, and then people just parked at the end of the road
so that they couldn't get anywhere.
And then what about where they got out?
Did they have all the, did they have 136th Avenue, like most of the lanes blocked off, like the...
Yeah.
They didn't know barely any signs that they did what they had on the ground.
We got on the sawgrass, and we ended up on 79th and passed year-outs, and we live in Boka.
Yeah.
So I waved it when I drove by, but I knew you weren't there.
Unbelievable.
So we took sunrise all the way back out because you couldn't get back on,
because there's no north for the sawgrass.
Right.
But the arena's real nice.
You know, if you're in the same place.
If you're in the same place.
You can't get too many beers because if you're in the upper section, there's about six inches between you and the next thing in front of you.
Yeah.
Okay, your phone died.
Scott, have a great day.
Okay, Scott's phone just cracked out.
I think maybe it was an active...
Oh, God!
We have an...
By the way, do something with the front of my house there.
Scott, put in some more of those panties or something.
Well, you let's get going.
He's a good guy, but impossible to get a hold of.
Like, once every six months, you can get a hold of this guy.
We have an open-line in Broward.
So the people...
Do they have a good time there on...
Oh!
Yeah, I'm reading about this.
And I'm seeing, hey, they won four to one.
And they kicked some ass.
They had 19,200.
They packed the joint.
And, oh, yeah.
Got some good press amount of rest of the country.
I'll send it out on the TV.
It may look like we had a gigantic spectacular thing happen on Friday.
And, like I said, all 82 games will be on TV this year.
So that's what I mean by one thing about.
Don't have to go through that hassle.
I may have to start walking over there.
Now, I got the...
And just like for the exhibition game, I must have been the same thing.
They show you park in Go-in Gate 5 or 7 or whatever.
The only problem is none of the entrances are marked with a number.
So you're just driving around wandering like...
And we're figuring, well, that's only for the exhibition season.
Once they start the regular season, they can't possibly be going to do that.
Are they?
Oh, they are?
So nice going, Wayne.
As usual, getting people pissed off, in spite of the fact that the taxpayer money built you,
that gigantic state of the art beautiful facility over there,
just pissed off all the natives.
Here's a mobile and steward.
Hello.
I had a great time and it is absolutely...
The arena is beautiful.
Yeah.
But by the end of the night, only one of the shot clocks were working.
They were really pulled apart.
You know, they got the four on the sides.
No, they're way there.
There should be on the scoreboard there.
Why did they put the shot on?
That's way to hell up there on the ends.
I thought they might have done something to change that, but obviously not.
No, that's the one thing I was just...
I mean, I went to the first pre-heat in game two,
and if the one thing I didn't like was the shot clocks,
but I'm on the middle there.
They still have the same little dinky red lights, sir, for gold lights?
Yeah, that's right.
Oh.
And why did you spend millions of dollars like the enormous amount,
the enormous amount of money to build a state of the art facility?
And then when it comes to stuff like this is what I said after I went to that exhibition game.
The stuff that's related to the game itself,
it's kind of like, oh, well, we didn't really think about that.
So we'll just put it in whatever chinchy crap we can.
Right.
But Friday night, the game was totally exciting,
but I'll tell you that Saturday night game, I hope you play more like Friday,
that Saturday night game was cold.
Oh my god.
I couldn't even stay up to watch it.
Now, I don't know.
And what is the thing that the Nashville fans are yelling, get bit.
Get bit.
Of course, you've got to understand it's a Nashville.
They're all like in bread.
But what does that mean?
Get bit.
What kind of a hockey cheer is that?
Get bit, y'all.
It's perfect for Nashville.
Yeah, you're right.
And like you said, don't take too much state in the two teams we beat,
but these are shutting out the ranges.
I wouldn't take too much state in the range.
No, the ranges of two teams.
How do you like that game against Montreal?
Seven to one.
Nice go.
Here's the stuff.
I mean, I hate the ranges like Poison and that was having a great time.
So far, I've been right on target.
I told you the ranges are going to be bad.
They got a lot of old hacks.
They got a terrible team.
And Richter's going to be shell-shocked by new years.
They were just hilarious game to watch that.
Richter didn't know what to do.
Yeah, I saw the Highlands.
But anyway, Neal, I have a good day.
And the arena is beautiful.
And hopefully we kick some asses.
Okay, see ya.
So there you go.
We like the way the team looked.
They just didn't like the ambiance driving in there.
Finding no parking space, sustaining in long lines.
And not being able to get out.
Other than that, it was a great time.
We said by all.
We have an open line at day 5, 6, 7.
Now is that norm?
Can't again.
Who's that on the bat line that you're talking to?
Is that norm?
Anybody?
Channel 6.
Channel 6.
Yeah, we've got a major story here.
And you know something?
The only reason that this will become a source of embarrassment.
Grief at a major story for the people at Wemmy is because Maddie Lesher is a hard ass in an asshole.
See, this is the Nearod you show.
Whether it was where in the Yarmulkas, whether it's where in the goddamn capital, the cartoon with the joints on it.
Whatever it is, that's me.
That's this show.
And that's what you people agreed to is to come in here and tape this show every day.
Do your best effort to put together and put together an entertaining 20 or 20 woman ads.
Or whatever the hell it's going to be.
Once a night, twice a night, whatever the hell you feel like.
Because that changes every time you take it out.
Oh, you guess what?
It's not on twice.
And they keep jerking around and moving it around.
Okay? And I haven't said very much about that.
We just sat back while I continued dealing around with this thing, waiting for them to figure out what the hell they wanted to do with life.
But now I draw the line in the sand because when they start screwing around with your goddamn editorial content,
and the fact that you want to make a goddamn statement, even if it's just satire, which they'd too stupid to understand, they can blow it out their ass.
If there's anybody over the age of three that can tell me, and I wish that everybody who is listening right now could see this card.
That I'm wearing on this cap on my head is a cartoon picture card from Amsterdam.
If anybody over the age of three could tell me there's anything highly controversial about this or unacceptable to be on TV or any other goddamn place,
then we'll have you immediately put into a goddamn rubber room in the Westray jacket into a rubber room.
How could anybody possibly believe there's something? Oh, look at that.
Oh, geez. Start taping.
Yeah, just fell off, but it's going right back on.
What a absolute. How did how did I get sucked into that as if we don't have enough trouble here working for a bunch of bush leegers who put absolutely no effort whatsoever and anything except for a bunch of crap in here.
And okay, make magic. There you go. Go to town. I'm in my hotel room on Saturday.
And I'm flipping around the channels in between periods of late hockey game. And I come across the Howard Stern CBS show.
And people are all, how come you rip off Howard? I've got news for you. Okay, for all you Howard fans and how it's doing very well.
Thank you. He's got eight million TV shows and the radio show is on in every market. He's on all over the goddamn world.
He's got a staff of about 20 or 30 people that put that show together. The television people they were in there putting this guy with lupus in a coffin.
I sat there for 10 minutes and watched us fascinated not by the content of the show because it was the same usual tasteless stuff, whatever Howard does that people like.
And then he had some hooker on there who was as close to start naked as you possibly could be and keep in mind this isn't a cable show.
This isn't the show on e. This is the show that airs on over the air channels on CBS. And this was a fox affiliate they were shown it on on Saturday night.
She was as close to naked as possible on all fours and this guy with lupus is eating marshmallows and the M&Ms or whatever off her beer ass.
And I'm thinking of myself and we got no staff, no involvement, no effort whatsoever.
And we're going to we're going to attract the TV audience with my sitting there being chopped up and edited out anything I might say.
And I got a cartoon postcard on my camp here and that's too controversial for Miami television.
Who were the idiots Marvin Raw man and others which I don't want to mention George who sucked me to get involved in this in the first place.
Book of Brian and Tom show van were right. If I'd had any idea. Yeah. They came in with a big. Very do or these are.
L.A. All you were from a TV people. They really know TV. They don't know squat.
About TV or about this market or about this show or about what they do know I haven't figured out yet.
They could screw up a goddamn orgasm. I'll tell you that they can screw up a wet dream. Those people over there were yummy.
This is going to be a big new thing. Yeah local cutting edge controversial. Right.
Man, oh man. Do I apologize to myself for getting sucked into it just absolute on a not unmitigated a mitigated goddamn disaster because that's what it is.
And the amazing part of it is even with as little that's gone into putting that thing together we're still had like you know one and two shares most nights which is as much as just a but certainly as much or more than any of the locally originated shows most of which have squiggly lines all the time and some of what you're already gone.
Man, oh man. A chevets.
We have an open line in Broward to invade five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line ten fifty two eight out the needle Roger shut down.
So he said get up your ass. He's the biggest bad and prottiest rocker of all time and he's not taking any prisoners. He is a actual sportsman.
He's a man.
He's a man.
He's a man.
He's a man.
He's a man.
He's a man.
Jun suck are gold-plated out.
Rock and roll away only partial sportsarat person houses four GI推 rosa, Spaß.
I was called a great member of the
megas say steam and some get a party tail is the only reason I did a film with David also because she isn't listening of rings action force and
scary on her over encontra venator CDs records and couldn't.
I can't!!)
If you don't7 Belgum out of 5 out of 6 D.
Oh, he said they need to be the one. Oh, that's why I thought he said it's 1101 at 560 WQAM.
Here's sunrise. Hello
Yeah, good morning, you know, yes sir. You know people in this town really cracked me up. They're not happy
and let's her bitch in about something. I live in sunrise. I went to the game Friday night.
I left the house at 630. Yeah. Okay. They wanted everybody in their seats by 7 from the pregame.
Right. I was there at 10 minutes to 7. I got into the park a lot. No problem.
I went around the back of the arena. There's a few different areas where you can park with a parking pass.
And I had no trouble getting in there. So I don't know what these people are talking about.
And when I left the game was over at 1040. I was back home at 11 o'clock. Right. I had no problem.
The only problem there is right. There's no one of these people if they just lived, you know,
five or ten minutes away like you and I do. They wouldn't have any problem.
Well the problem is that they're still under construction at Oakland Park in up Flamingo.
Yeah. So there's like a bottle neck there when you're coming west on Oakland Park.
But once it's finished, I mean, it's not going to be any problem.
There's a course you're going to have a little bit of it delay. You're trying to get 20,000 people
into the arena. But when we asked this, the guy at Oakland, I see, I don't know where that guy was.
The first one I called. Now how come he didn't come down to sawgrass?
Wouldn't that make sense? Because then you drive right in off the, uh, yeah, it would seem to me.
But what the problem is there at Oakland Flamingo, you've got people coming off the sawgrass
and then you've got people coming off Oakland Park. And with a construction there,
there's like a little bottle neck there. So I tell you when it was worse, they when they had
the cops directing the truck, who was even worse. Now they let the lights run, you know,
just during their cycles and move so high quicker that the cops are screwing it up worse than
the lights were doing it. Yeah. I don't know what the, you know, other than, uh, you know,
what the hell? So no, the other suggestion is don't come down to Flamingo, come down
Pine Island. I wouldn't suggest university because that's the worst road in the history of mankind.
Right. Come down Pine Island would be good. Yeah. That's just sunrise and then go west on
sunrise, which is now a nice, big, beautiful, eight, uh, six lane highway. Exactly. But once the
construction is just about 90 percent diving once it does, thankfully any problems, you're going to
have like four lanes are going, uh, um, what is the south there on Flamingo? So it's not going to be
a problem once it's done. Of course. But they, they, they, they had the lots marked and, uh,
because, because I'll tell you one thing, the exhibition game we went to, we just, uh,
utter chaos and it's a good thing we got there early because nobody had any idea where they were
going. And we had to wind up making a U-turn and going around the island and coming back and
a bunch of kids there like, uh, oh, well, we don't know. And everything was blocked off. Like,
every entrance was basically blocked off. Uh, no, and I got in there, um, like when, when the
first, when you're coming off, one, three, six there, I think it's called Pat's Slorino Drive. It's
the, uh, the street that goes around the back of the arena. Uh-huh. Uh, the first, um, the first
entrance. There you go. See if you live right in the neighborhood. You don't have to worry. You can
bicycle on over there. Walk parking. I was going to say parking in the sod rest lobby. Can't do that
either. Why can't they do it so it's easy? Okay. That's the bottom line. Make it easy. Take it
simple. You know what I'm saying? Wayne? Does he want to make it fan-friendly and easy? No.
We have an open line a day five six seven. That thing on A and E last time. Uh-huh. There's no mafia,
baby. There is no cousin. I was struck. This isn't just a, there's no such thing as a Sicilian
mafia. I mean, there's a Sicilian pizza, of course, which most people don't understand what the
real thing really is. We know about that. Sicilya. We know what that. And then as spaghetti Siciliana,
which is Siciliana, when they say you forget it, they don't know what we're talking about.
Two open lines in date five six seven oh five sixty, pom five sixty, how do you team T wireless line?
So we've had very little conversation about the game itself and about how the team looked in
the ambiance of the arena. Anything else. It's the people are pissed off about the parking. They're
pissed off and fired up and they're not going to take anymore to next game. Here's West Palm Beach. Hello.
Neil, how are you doing? Okay, sir. Hey, two things. Have you ever been to the Coral Sky
amphitheater at Palm Beach Fairroom? Yes, once. So I will never go back.
I was going to say anybody that's been there and had to get it out of the parking lot. The arena
can't be any problem. Yeah, but that's just a county fair. I mean, that's just a cow pasture out there.
You have to be out on the bars. There's four fruits in each direction where you could come or go from
except they've got it all humble. You know what? It's where you've got one line. You follow people
on like ants going to the hive for an hour and a half. Yeah, but like I said, it's a county
fur. It's a cow pasture. This is a big multi-million dollar facility that they had lots of time
and spending enormous amount of money and supposedly brain powered designing for the ease of people
getting in and out and evidently it didn't work out. So great. How was your weekend? Where'd you go?
Great. I went to Toronto, sir. Are you living in breathing city? How about the reliefs?
There you go. Nice weather, too. Yeah, beautiful. 70 degrees, 65, whatever the hell was it was great.
I just want to check and I had sent something to my brother-in-law about two weeks ago about the dolphins
and the bills. Yeah. When the blades and the bills beat lost to Miami and he said, what a long season
you're going to have. I said, well, you know, you guys always have a great September, but
wait till the eight week marks and let's see you as a better record. Right now I'm looking at the
bills of being brothers five and three and the dolphins three and five. How do you? What do you think?
I think that the league sucks. I think I watched some of the games yesterday and to see them,
I looked at like Philadelphia and Washington, the toilet bowl 17 to 12, or the Oakland game seven to six.
I mean, we're talking such rampant mediocrity here that it's embarrassing. That's without question.
They all have a lot of money. They wanted, they wanted parody and that's what they got. They got
28 or 30, however many of the crappy teens. I'm closing out where me sucked, of course. If we could get
in West Palm Beach, we'd watch it, but that week and we love you in West Palm Beach. Okay,
have a great thing. Okay, deadlines are wide open. They don't love me in day. They do love me in
West Palm Beach and in my public's point, they love me like crazy, but in the day counting not too big.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the AT&T line. Here's Hollywood. Hello.
Neil. Yes, sir. I'm a Sicilian from Rochester, New York. I'm right. I saw that program. Not the same
night you did another night. It's a dead end. I miss it. My heart wanders. I think the program would
call it just the way it was to a certain, well, there were. Until I got to the part about the mafia.
They're very defensive. Oh, no, there's nothing. There's no such thing as mafia. Yeah. I was
interesting to me that thing about day go day go was a day worker. That's what it came exactly.
Exactly. You have to go by the day and the work and the day and that's what they go came from.
They used to put that in the newspapers in New York too. And they go.
Mafia means black hands are pronounced. Right. The black hand. It's correct, but the program was
heartfelt. Called my wife and called my kids and said, listen, look at some of this. This is your
heritage. Yeah, it was really interesting about the immigrants that came over here and then they
made enough money so they could go back to Italy and they tried to build businesses and get back
with their families. And they couldn't make it over there and so that they would they would make
that trip. And of course, think about coming on a ship. We're not talking about hopping on a plane
and being there in nine or 10 hours. We're talking coming by ship back in for two, three and four times.
And one other moment, my wife and I hit the opportunity to go two years ago to Italy and you're
right. It is utterly incredible. Oh, it's fantastic. It's another world. Got to go again. Okay, pal.
One or less thing. Yes, sir. The Infraredster Toronto is a great town. You can say that again.
I'll read the urge. Okay, it's 11. I waited five, 60 WQM. We have an open day.
They've come here easy and I'll pull the goddamn switch. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes,
Neil. First time. I got a couple of complaints. I got a great complaint Monday. People are
really coming at them out. They're unhappy campers, man. Well, let me tell you. First of all, I sit
in the lower ball. I gave rose off the ice. Yeah, but it looks like a movie theater. You know,
on top of you, you can't see the gold like it was 16. We don't have it in the tempered. I guess,
I don't know what is the first 10 or 11 rows. Oh, you're in those crappy temperaties. I keep
the apartment falling down and yeah, they walk. This kid was sitting next to me. He kept rocking back
for the less for the rock concerts. Now he's that. Yeah, the arena rocks, baby. No, he's that
believing. I got a comment. I've got a lot of cool about that. Yes. Half hour just to leave
you right. I wasn't one genius in the middle of all.
One last thing he's got his finger in your echo. One in your wallet in the other somewhere.
One last thing if you look at the scoreboard also. Right. It's kind of confusing.
Hey, have a good time or what? No. Not Friday. Are they coming back? No. Well, maybe they will,
but they're going to like get I don't want to say it. I don't want to say they're going to get
stolen before they come here next time. There he goes again. He's promoting something. Yeah,
right. Promote like a brain would be good. Promote some education for some of those assholes in this
town running radio and television stations that have a IQ smaller than my penis and believe me when
you talk about small. We have an open line in date five six seven. Oh, and that's another thing I'm
not too crazy about by the way the urinals in the new arena. In the other arena, they had like the
walk in urinals that you like step up to like a real man. You know, even if you're not and you're like
pee into the you're can stand inside there kind of hide whatever you got. You know, depending on how
small it is, which in my case, but these are the ones that kind of like our shape like like what?
Huh? What do you want? Like a bull like a helping hand. No, not like a helping hand. They're shaped
like a goddamn uvealer or something. I don't know what the I help nothing wrong with a helping hand,
but not in the goddamn restroom with the arena. I don't think go back to Westland. Well,
you that's where you'll find your helping hand. And so you've got to like stand a little bit of
a distance. You can't like walk right up into it. So you've got to have like a little hang over
there. And like people are looking around all and they're just laughing up a storm.
Get some fired up when I hear someone say that. So the CVs got the hiccups. Is that what is it?
Or did you mung on it on the Friday? I didn't go anywhere near the city. Yeah, you munged on it.
It's 1131 at 5C. Must have been some of that extra grease at 560 WQM. By the way,
speaking of that, Viagr could save the Tiger from extinction. This fits right in with that bit.
Would you just heard little clips and bits up? The amazing new impedance pill Viagr may wind up
saving the endangered Tiger from extinction by reducing the demand for their sex organs as
aphrodisiacs. The big cats penis and testicles are prized as a verolity booster throughout Asia
where they're dried and grounded to powder or cooked as food and consumed by wealthy men.
Experts hope that many Asians will turn to Viagr and leave the Tigers alone in China. Viagr
sells for $300 a pill on the black market while Tiger penis soup goes for $835 a bowl. I was
talking about that. I got into those crazy Chinese killing the Tigers. And I suggested that we
ship them Viagra to save the Tigers. Well, how do you like that? George is in the world weekly news.
Oh! And of course, how do you tell if a China man's got an erection?
Here's a... Oh, it's here's something to think about, you know. You know what I'm saying? Like,
oh, I think it's, yeah. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello.
Lady in Miami. Hello. Yes, ma'am. Hi, this is my name.
Hi, my name. Yes. I listen to your show every morning. Uh-huh.
Okay, I'm going to talk about that parking lot of the new area. Yes, ma'am. Go ahead. It's all
completely Monday. We want to let it all out of your system. Okay. Yeah, I went to the
Celine Dion concert with my husband and my kids. Right. We had to walk so far. My husband even told
me get off the car. Right. You know, this place is brand new. You spend a million dollars in it.
And it's ridiculous how much you have to walk. And then to get out, it's true when people say it's
about an hour to get out. Okay. I see. Even though I had nothing to do with it. We have two open
lines of data. It's an accurate, a complete, a little light spectra come back to town and hear this.
After the panthers started out with a two and record in their first two games. They don't care
about the hockey stuff. They just want to easy, easy and it out. That's what they want. The ease of
it and out. That's what this audience wants. Nice going, Wayne. Once again, you've managed to piss off
the public. I saw that a reason I thought to myself, how could anybody not be ecstatic with this?
And of course, I do have very good seats. Thank you. And they do happen to be permanent seats.
And they don't rock and roll and like fall off the, whatever. And they actually do have those
cup holders in front. It's quite frankly, we could live without those, you know, because those make
your knee room a lot less. I mean, it was a good idea, but not that good. And evidently, I must be
a one of the very few of satisfied customers in here because the rest of these people almost
down to the very last one are pissed off, baby. They have had it. They're disgusted. They're
nauseated and revolted. They want to go back to the old Miami arena. And that's saying a hell of a lot.
Oh, God. Leave it to this town, man. They could screw up anything. Here's Pompano. Hello.
Good morning. I'm going to go to the old. Yes, sir. Okay. Here's my comment. Okay. Here we go.
All right. Other than heavy traffic on 595, we came from Hollywood Sterling in 56. I think
your mother knows you're there. Right. No problem whatsoever. Got right in the parking lot.
Found a spot. Yeah. Right in the building. This was seven o'clock. Uh-huh. And the game was all
with what got right out. Got right on the floor. Okay. Not a problem whatsoever. I think the people
that are complaining are the typical laterizing South Florida fans. You're unbelievable, Neil. How many seats
were empty at game time? Really? Yes. And they showed up late. And man, I thought I'm moved downstairs.
You know what this says? I'm a Toronto fan. Right. I moved downstairs this year. I'm in the
Panthers shoot place. I had a 129 row, 25 great view of the goal. Great view of the scoreboard.
That's a fan. Up and down. Up and down. Up and up. Up, up, up. Up, up. Up, up, up. Yeah.
Yeah. And we thought I'd know if we were to raise our last couple years. And they stay in their seats.
By only complaint that the good things, extra chives, love and my parish or God.
Okay. I only complaint are the same ones you have. You can't see the goal light and know how the
town's scoreboard that stuck. Yeah. Isn't that pathetic? I mean, wouldn't you think they spent hundreds
of millions of dollars to build this facility? And supposedly they went to Vancouver. They went
to Montreal. They saw all the newest arenas and they were going to put together, you know, all the
best ideas. How could you now have the auditorium scores up there around the, I mean, Christ
Maple Leaf Gardens, which is older, 68 years old this year. They've had that up there for
before. The Queen was a baby for Christ's sakes. Right. And then another thing that was great to
get home Saturday night for Channel 366 on. See a real hockey rink in a real city with a real
announcer and you were there and I was in a bad jealous. How do you like that? Are they?
It looked pretty damn good. I'll tell you. Yes, they did. It wasn't built in the day, but the town's
pretty pumped up about it. I'm sure they have unbelievable for Maple Leaf Gardens. I'm
happy night. They really had a noisy cloud, you know. Oh, and by the way, I want to tell you this,
to give you an example of the difference between the two markets. Just one difference.
The Toronto Sun and the Toronto Star yesterday kept me busy on a plane coming back. They had so
many pages, both papers about hockey, not just the leaves, but about hockey, about every other game
and about all stuff going on. I come back here. My mother has left me the local papers. The
and even about the panthers was so minimal, you could fit in the fumble. I mean, just just
prophetic. Yeah. What a difference. Yeah, a real newspaper. There you go. Yeah, but you know,
that's it. To my message should be hockey fans. Okay. Stop arriving. Okay.
Okay. On their ass. They can't get the hell out. People are parked in the middle of nowhere
because it's a little bit disorganized. Okay. That's what I think the deal is. Sounds a little
bit disorganized to me, which is so unusual here. 22.
I guess because a couple of weeks ago, what was it two, three weeks ago, after I came back
to the location, I was just going to get about to New Orleans and right off the bat, I started
getting these complaints. Well, the seats are too narrow and I got worried about out of shape
because I thought, well, here we go. It's the usual little group of negative assholes who always
find something negative to say about everything because I had been in that arena and it looked magnificent
to me. Okay. Those people that they got bent out of shape and now come to find out we're taking
a survey here today. I didn't realize we were going to, but we are. And the overwhelming
percentage of the people today are pissed off, not too fired up, they're pissed off and grossed out.
Their seats are too narrow. They got the cup holders in front of them. The one guy doesn't have a
cup holder. He'd rather have the cup holder than a seat that's fallen down in the first day roads,
which by the way, must cost an arm in five legs for those seats. And the seats are rocking in
New Orleans. And the parking is impossible and they got a bunch of kids in there like waving in
all directions and flipping people off and nobody knows what the hell's going on and you can't,
you can't get in and you can't get out. So whether it's a concert, whether it's a hockey game,
whether it's awake, whether whatever it is, people are getting real psychotic. They look at the
place they say, God, it looks really great. It looks beautiful, but there are a few problems here,
Wayne, few little problems. And from those of us who are hockey fans, those ten of us who are
purest and would like to see from a hockey standpoint, the scoreboard in the out of town scores and
apparently the shot clocks and things put up there like for fans who may understand the game,
which like I said, is seven or eight of us. We're not too thrilled about that either. And
a little dinky Christmas light on there. Come on, Wayne. Here's Miami Beach. Hello.
Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. Hi, I'm a fireport for you. I've already talked about this,
I know for a couple weeks. So Henry's new CD's coming out on the 17th. Okay. Five days from now.
Well, we aren't going to be diddling with that till after me because we got to take your own first
till January. Well, all right. Anyway, when to ask you about something, as you're talking about
the Godfather, you've ever seen this like movie called The Godfather Saga or something about
one of those first two. I've got it. I know where the two movies put together, the first two.
Right. Running in chronological order. Right. And then there's a lot of new scenes. Well,
they also had the one with all three of them on there in chronological order, which I don't know
what they call that, but I've got that too. Yeah, the trilogy. Okay. I mean, this is something
different. It's different scenes. Right. Right. They're like seen with, they go to see the old
Cumpsey area dying. Right. Is that it? Yeah, I saw it once. I saw like a censored version of
like lifetime one. Yeah. I was like, I just remember one thing. It's a, huh? You can get that. You can
get it in the in a video store. I never seen it. Sure. Okay. It's out there. Just remember,
there's no such thing as the Mafia pal or a lot closer to Austria. It's only fiction by a bunch
of bigots out there who don't like Italian. So it had a bad bad bowl spaghetti once in their life.
They made the written Frank or American that would make you surly too. They don't like those
Italians so much. So they made up all these stories. Yeah. Michael Corleone did this and Michael
Corleone did that. Yeah. Much of a crap. We have an open line and date five six seven oh five
six. The five five six. I mean, it was such a good documentary last night and they showed some
scenes from Italy and it made me feel very emotional and all these griefs. And you know that when
the Italians first came here, the enormous waves of them back in the after the turn of the century
in the teens in the early 20s, they were considered which maybe some of our Julios can relate to
this. They were considered by the government not to be white because they were somewhat, you know,
olive skin. So they weren't considered to be like the real honest to God white coverage. I'm sure
Hitler would have probably those attitudes. And of course, which made it that much harder for them
to get jobs and stuff like that because they were considered to be like some of the category.
They're Latin. I'm just going to ignore anything you say at this point about anything racial
ethnic. I'm just going to ignore it because I had some bad experiences at Miami International
Air Force yesterday on the way back with some people. I don't want to say where they were from.
I don't want to say what their attitudes were that they were arrogant obnoxious and I wish they
let they weren't here. I don't want to say that because I don't create these stereotypes. You
know that but God get off the roads get out of my way get a life. This is America. We don't do
things here like that. You can't go to Vegas and talk to a man like Mold Green like that.
Oh God get with the program. Okay. Stop to see people that come here with a banana boat mentality.
They live like banana boat people. They drive like banana boat people. They walk around like
banana boat people. They're rude like banana boat because they don't understand American culture
whatever the hell it is. You know what I'm saying? So how do I get started on that? You did it again.
Here's a mobile and cross-bring. Hello. Neil. Yes sir.
Alindi on one hour and 15 minutes from the sunrise. That's the dog grass for the arena.
Now wait wait wait wait wait from the sunrise exit of the dog grass to the arena.
Correct. You can even walk from there in 30 seconds.
I might. Sure have. And when we got into the parking lot there was no place to park in the
idiot attendance we just they just leave your car just park it wherever you want and people were
I mean right in the middle. Yeah like in the middle of the street. Like right out the
middle sunrise Boulevard would be good. Just pull it up on the sidewalk. So well anyway last
Friday I'm down there picking up tickets for another event and there's a bunch of people looking
for cancer tickets and the only tickets they have were single seats in the lower
fall for 65 bucks. Yeah. And the seat there were no two seats. Now as those in the regular seats
are the rocker seats. That I don't know they were all they were like one twenty one. One that fall
off the mornings. But so there's a bunch of pissed off people down there because they can't get
two seats together. Well fat Hank comes on and he's down with the arena broadcasting and the first
thing he says is and don't worry there's plenty of seats available for tonight's game.
Yeah so I call him and I spoke to his producer but I'm not saying hey look now it's just
down there there's not plenty of seats and this guy's arguing with me he's going oh no we're
getting this information from the panther's management and well here's an announcement.
A full of crap. There's plenty of seats available so how are you on down?
It's like well you know someone's going to talk to someone. Yeah so anyway one of
the seven five hundred general parking spots down there that's what we're told yeah.
Why don't they have a lot where if you have four more people in the car okay you get special parking
you can park a little bit closer encourage carfully. Hey I got a great idea I know this is
revolutionary but why don't they like make some kind of a deal or lease it out. Why do they make
a deal with a sawgrass where they can have like not buses but those trams you know all of
you know it just makes too much sense where they can take people like they used to do with the
racetrack park a mile away or a half mile away and they tram you right to the arena and then
take people back. Right I mean the $10 you you save on parking you can go in and spend that on a
bag of french fries and there's something they get their money one way or another. Right so
all right well I think inside the arena is very nice but outside me and they have they head up
there. Okay maybe had a good time. Okay so far it's virtual unanimous. They said the place sucks.
God we struck a raw nerve today. Little did I realize huh. Sure hope for the benefit of you
Torontoians up there where they open the air Canada Center in February that you don't have the
same problems out there because one thing about Maple Leaf Gardens you get you know right downtown
right in the middle of young and Carlton there or you just hop off the subway right there on the
street corner and you walk about a block three quarters of a block and you're right there. It's
okay but like I said this one's convenient for me but anyway let's go to a crawl spring. Hello
Dale. Yes sir. How you doing? Great. Are you ready? I'm ready. Okay and we're taking notes.
The two good things they put shotgun goals at each corner so you can see that now. What do
we need each corner? In each corner of the arena they have a sign with the shot on goal so where
it used to be just at one end now wherever you sit. No no it was always on both ends but it's way
up way on the end. Well they did a little bit of better job with that and they put in a great
goal warn. Now here's the negatives. Little think you like the lines are still just as long.
There's no out of town scores and for that asshole old bastard that called in and said everybody's
complaining when I pay two thousand dollars a year for seats I will bitch all I want. Oh yeah
I turned the corner. I mean look at the price everything price for the seats the price for the
parking the price for the food I mean it should be so good that they you know give you a body
massage when you walk in there and on the way back out. No I turned the corner at one
third of the end. I turned off flamingo on to 136. Right at 6.57 I walked into the arena at 7.56.
Wait wait a minute you turned off flamingo on 136. I came down Oakland got through that traffic area
and opened off sunrise I know 136. No I'm on I'm on Oakland Park I get to flamingo I make my left.
Okay now on flamingo you make a right on 136 which is right by the arena. No yes no flamingo
and 136 run by and after they got a sand pollister in those seats no parking spots had a still
back out of the parking lot. Then I had to go back down. Yes it is. Parkway I wound up parking
up next to a curb in a turn lane on Panther Parkway and just said the hell would if they told it
mm-hmm they got they had a cluster of 10 kids when I pulled in with little flashlights in their hands all
talking BS into each other. Yeah nobody saying where to go. Maybe they were looking for it yeah it's
unbelievable you know I don't want to complain about it. No no this is purpose let's get it out of
our assistant and let these people know we're pissed off we're not going to put up with this
scrap bar for a few years. Okay I want I want the the arena is beautiful inside and the team looks
great everything was great the lines are still a little long but you know I figured hey it's
opening night people are buying a lot of stuff maybe that will die down. I don't understand what
the lines should be long allegedly they built all these food courts that has concession stands
and was supposed to be like a hundred times better than the other joint. My ass yeah out the doors
with the bathroom lines. You can't even keep a line for concession but like I said that didn't
bother me so much because I go the list of the arena there were no lines in the restrooms though right
yes there were. There were in the rest room. Yes there were. How the hell could there be. But see
that doesn't bother me as much because I'm smart enough to get up five minutes before the period
don't bring it my friend. I'll go back to my seat. Got into that. But getting into the place I don't
know about getting out because I left with like two minutes left right after that third the fourth
goal was scored. I jumped up and ran out right but getting into that place was just it was easier
to get into the Miami arena. It's unbelievable I don't know if it was just because it's opening
night or whatever but it's a. Well what do you mean because it's opening night I mean we're
anticipating supposedly we're going to be selling out all the. Oh yeah great time didn't they. No
it is virtually unanimous. These people are psychotic and they don't know what they'll hit them
man. They went there expecting a just zoom right in there just like your lobby stadium. Could be
could be spectacular. You drive right enough to turn back the only problem is once you get in you've
got a bunch of assholes you got a bunch of cops and a bunch of other traffic directing group falls
there and then they put up all those cones and they block off on if they would just leave everything
wide open you get the hell in and out of there no problem at all. Getting out of your lobby
stadium that I mean the P.P. Park that's the best that is the all-time best. Oh and you can't go
left there and go on the turn by the fly. Well we don't know because we got all those cones up there
and people across in the street. They sure know how to do it here don't they? No.
For all that money that you're paying out how to ensure you're comfort you're maximum enjoyment
of whatever you're going to say. No. Open line in day 5 6 7 0 5 60 P.P. 5 60 on the AT&T line.
11 56 on cue. I'm not the overspot. He may too when he calls me up for a stop. When I wish I'm the
way back. I will kill by my daddy. I want all my dad not to be over. I wasn't without me.
It's not a media of it. It's a very, very time-uncle one who knows.
Oh
We beat the N.C.P. the master. Oh and wash my head as you know. He's got the N.O.
He's got the color on now so they're gonna let him go. My dad's not me.
Oh
He's made you get up the back. There is a one who did it.
You'll never hear an athlete.
Oh
I got the N.O.
I got the N.O.
By the way, you see they found the Swiss army knife. That was one of the pieces of evidence.
It's Swiss army knife that was used to cut the masking tape that they bond.
It's a Japanese mouth with like a butter room with. Then it belonged to the little kid.
So what they're saying is that mommy used to the kids Swiss army knife to cut the masking tape.
I just mentioned these things in passing. They're a little bit slow. They're working on it. They got the grand jury going out there in Boulder in more of these years.
We have an open line in the Dave and toon Broward. 5.6705.60 and 0.560 on a mobile one line.
Here's a lady in Miami. Hello.
Nail. Yes, ma'am. Hi, Nail.
Now I want to tell you about my experience.
Okay, great. Here we go. Marked on another one.
It was great.
My seat is I have the best seat in the whole arena. Yeah, I have the day off.
So everything was perfect. Well, what about getting out?
There was a line of traffic on 136 to 595 East. Maybe 20.
Okay. I got you down. Okay. See you. I have one happy camper. Let's hear it.
One lady. She's not no complaints. Food was great. Easy in. Easy out. Of course she got there one in the afternoon.
But there you go. She's happy. Got the best seat in the house. Her seat isn't falling off the moorings.
Seed isn't too thin. Seeds are too narrow by the way they cut them back because they got to get in all those extra seats.
So Wayne can make back all the money. He lost the first five years.
Now, like I said, it's hard for me to relate to it because I have a seat out there on the aisle.
Boy, did I get lucky or what? I'm right out there on the aisle. So you can got like hang out half of your big fat ass over the edge of the seat and one leg out me.
I don't have to worry about that crap. But everybody else pinched in and real narrow seats.
They got a cup holder in front of them. So you have to have your knees on which is pretty comfortable for what?
Two and a half, three hours. Here's Miami. Hello.
Hey, Neil. Let's go practice for getting all hunched up in the car waiting for two hours to get out. Yes, sir.
Hey, do a meal. Great. Good. I got a complain, man. Okay. I got a 300 pound tank sitting next to me in my section.
So when I bought my food, I had to go all the way up to the top and eat my food. Yeah. It was awful.
If she gets up, when the pants are sore, everyone's going to end up with the ice.
And I think the whole road will work. Well, season the upper deck. Yeah. Oh my God.
It's terrible. Are they new meaning to the expression belly flop? Can you see her flying out of that upper bull?
Oh, yeah. It's terrible. It's terrible. But the seats are narrow downstairs. They are upstairs.
Yes. It's terrible. I'm disappointed. I want my money back.
This is the best. This is the greatest moment of my life.
Like I said, sometimes there's a good lesson for all you people out there.
Sometimes in life you see something and it looks really great. I mean, just spectacular.
Then you get a little bit closer and it stops looking quite as good.
Then you get like, intimately involved with it and oh, get out of here fast.
Woo! By the way, speaking of that, bad breath is grounds for divorce as rabbi.
Oh! Bad breath says a senior rabbi in Israel is grounds for divorce.
Rabbi Shlomo Gorin said an ancient Jewish law mentioned bad breath as a legitimate reason to split.
Now that he's cleared the air, several couples are filed for divorce on grounds that their partners have, halotosis, holy toses.
Oh! Two open lines in date, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
It's complained about the macarena day here at QAM.
Hey, listen, these people are not making these stories. Up they have no reason.
They went there with the best of intentions, with the best of hopes. They laid out a gigantic amount of money.
Some of them probably had a mortgage, the goddamn house, to buy their season tickets and pay for the parking, etc and so on.
And they went there expecting the best and did they get it?
No. Here's a mobile in Medley. Hello.
Neil! Yes, sir.
Greetings. Three things for you. Number one, you were talking about Howard earlier. It's funny. I started listening to him lightly, but he really wanted to listen to him because he's got like, maybe interesting guests.
But I got argument with everybody that has to listen to Howard, couldn't lick your ass.
Well, I'm sorry. You guys 20, 30 people there. You handled by yourself. You have to take any call.
But my point was for you. I'm forgetting about Howard, because Howard does his thing and if you like him fine.
But the TV show, that's my point. If you're going to have a TV show that's going to attract people to tune into it, there has to be some work put into the production that's on the ear.
You can't just photograph a guy sitting in a room empty and then chop it all up and sense about anything that he might say that might be a landish and expecting an audience.
There's no effort that goes in there. These whammy people have made no financial commitment. They've come back on a staff of the production staff we got over here. It's just there. It's like a time filler.
Yes, the shame. Another thing. One order to your problem with the arena. Go fast. Get a motorized little scooter. You can pull it up. You're going to put it right in front of you. No problem.
And no warning for people that are driving by the immigration office down on this game in 79th Street. There's some kind of demonstration on doors or something there can and open the flag.
Great. Going nuts. Thanks for the good news. Okay. Okay, we have an open line and David wanted to grow it 5 6 7 0 5 6 the pound 5 60 on the mobile one line.
We got one lady there and then the guy the old guy from Rochester. My maple leaf fan or whatever the hot guy is. We got two people so far that are happy. We've got 15,670 to keep in track who are really pissed off.
They aren't too happy. They're not happy with the parking. They're not happy with the seats. They're not happy with the ambias with a lot of tons scores. See, that may have been okay in the older arena.
There wasn't okay, but I guess the rationale being well, it's new around here. We don't have many that hockey fans. We just care about the panthers. We don't care about what's going on the other game because these people don't know from the other games anyway, which was a bunch of crap, but nevertheless, that might have been the excuse.
So we need to spend this much money to build this so caught and I love the way they keep touting it is the greatest facility in the country. They've been to all the other areas. This is the best one. And I say no way.
No way. With those chinchy little gold lights and no out of town scores and the sharp clocks 50 million miles away on each end that you can't see with the binoculars, that's not my idea of fan friendly.
Love my seats, love location, love my parking, love where the arena is, but other than that, we're starting to develop some real serious chinks in the armor here.
Hey, hey, is that thing real? That could be some serious problems in there, no, I'm saying could be some real. Okay, where we going? Let's go to Hollywood. Hello.
Yeah, sir, that the arena tonight. Yes, it's up with an experience was a.
The mock. Yeah, okay, first thing is I'll start the law in the morning. I attempt to go by pantopack tickets. Okay, why do they have to accommodate people when they do the pant like a concert goes on sale that day?
That just screws everything up so everybody who was there for the panther seats or screw because journey was coming. I mean, journey the last time I saw journey was like a 1978. I mean, come on.
Exactly. Okay, so then I find a way to get tickets to go up there and you're thinking I'm in the temper of flying very not that far right down the road. You know, it's always like going to P.P. Park. You're 10 minutes away, but it takes an hour to get in.
I mean, nothing but trouble once you get to that saw grass area and I did find out that they got the same bunch of assholes working at all your units.
Did I found somebody that he where he where I go? I go to the concert. I go, what do you feel? Oh, I work for the church. They just show up. They got bodies and jackets just way there flat. The same bunch of idiots that can't park you at the arena or at the P.P. Park or at saw grass because the same mental attitude. Great.
So, you know, and then leave it. Forget it. You know, you I could have waited for Metro rail up there the way it was.
I'm building the track. I mean, this is unbelievable. I mean, all this money and all this stuff going into it like that guy said, if I spent two grand or even 50 bucks for tickets, I can complain.
I was supposed to be able to get in, sit my seat, enjoy the game and get out of there and fairly organized manner, right? Which none of them happen except enjoying the game park.
OK, glad you had a good time. OK, they're all it's virtually an animus baby. They said it sucks. The experience was grotesque. Can it can get any worse? No.
Man, this is a real fly opener for me. Of course, keep in mind that I thought there was an exhibition game. I got the preferred parking, which is real nice. But even I was screwed up trying to find out where the hell it was.
And you walk right in there up the escalator. There were I would say I don't know eight or 9000 people are that I was about half full.
Because it was an exhibition game and we left after one period. So I mean, you zip right out in five seconds. I thought, boy, this is great. This is sensational. And sitting on the aisle, I said, I didn't notice that the seats are like, you know, monkey size.
Washington said that we'll be getting fine for that. Did he say monkey size as in like a banana eating a ape, something like that? Here's Miami. Hello.
Morning, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, I'm Neil. I didn't go to the arena, but you know, I just want to let you know the local station, tell seven. They have to jump on the bandwagon because, you know, there's no more hurricanes out there. They had to find something. They found the baddest man in the arena.
He was complaining that he couldn't fit in his feet. Yeah. So I don't know. You know, Shapiro, you know, I mean, if you go through a report, do a report about the game or something, I mean, you have to look for the worst thing in the arena. Yeah, let people. I mean, I was.
I want to find Hank would have been in our sky box. No, no. Okay, thanks for the good news, sir. Just a joke, Hank. Although I saw Hank on the ESP and was at this morning, I saw he was doing the football thing. And TV does make you look a little bit bigger.
We have an open line in date five six seven, oh five 60 pound five 60 on the mobile one line. Here's a mobile in Island, we're out of
Hello, Mr. Rogers. Yes, sir. On the day of a death of your TV show. Okay, get a new phone. Okay. It's not like this guy's mobile phone slips with
the fishes. Say hi to Luca, by the way, too. Okay. God. Two open lines in date five six seven, oh five 60 and pound five 60 on the
mobile one line. I got news for that TV show was dead before the day went on the air. If I were the only known, if I would have had any idea who I was dealing with over
there and what they had in mind and how they were going to jerk us around, we never would have got on the air. Here's Miami. Hello. Yeah, yes, sir. It was a disaster. Yeah, parking was a joke. Yeah. I think his experts when they went out to the other
Reena's look around. They came back to Wayne. They said, you know what? Don't put in a parking. We'll get the people there. I have
early just a fight for parking. Then they can come inside and spend their money on the water. Yeah, the best deal is show up around noon. You can have
lunch and dinner there. Exactly. I mean, he's off. He's off of the dollar. I mean, I sit behind the Panther's bench. You know, the new tunnels they have that come out to the bench. Yeah, I'm
too. Right behind the tunnel. All with people around there. Thank you for that we had at the arena. We have a family in front of us of their
four seats. They've got two more. So now they have six seats. They're the road directed behind the tunnel. Yeah, I
especially games. There's no problem because you can look out. They put a piece of Plexiglass up there. There's no problem. They come
to the first game of the season. What's in front of the Plexiglass? A new sign advertising Budweiser. And can they key over the sign and see the
ice? No, they put the sign to high and they complained and they said, okay, we'll send somebody down to the top. You know, we can't
out the top to them. So they're going to go to the seat and look at the back of the fine hole game. I'm serious. I'm serious. You'll see it when you go to the next
game. There are signs that are walking your view from your seats. Yeah, I thought there was some under-sensitive views in the
whole arena. I guess not. I guess they waited until the first real game before they started putting up all the Vies. You know, I mean, it's
I mean, the new sign they realized, hey, we got advertising here when the players coming in now. The cameras are on. It's the
sign you get out. Wasn't planned to go there. It's put it up last minute kind of deal. It's an electronic sign or whatever. They
got somebody put it to high, even the door when you look over it. You can't see the ice near the campus bench. You lose that whole
sideline. You see about where the loop circle is. There the face out circle. Yeah, from there into the board. You can't see the ice.
You know, I tell you something. I always like that Miami arena. You know, it's at a nice and a friendly feel to it.
Real loud and enthusiastic. I know you told them for the parking there tonight and I'll go five minutes to seven. I pulled in whatever I
have parked in everything and I'm going on a campfire station that go like, where I park. You know what they do? There's the
rural roads within the parking lots and cells. Right. They get you stopped. There's all just pull over here to the right and just park
right there in the middle of the road. Yeah, I said no road. That's where they told me and they probably lying there. I said, how
was that? I went up almost to the front door. Of course, I like to get up on the dead area where it wasn't blocked. I think anybody
wants to go up the park right there? No problem. I don't find a bug there every day, but you know what? I might ask you because I think the
overflow passes and didn't go to most spots. I think if you get there late for the upcoming game, you just park right in the middle of
Panther Parkway there, like in the middle of the street. Like maybe up on the median in the middle of the street. Yeah, and I mean,
they took so many faces away within the lots with all these little islands. It's a parking lot. Right. It puts trees. It's not
island. Yeah, that's right. We didn't need all the palm trees in the islands. That's a very good point. They got all that
that they put in there, which cost them a lot of extra money by the way to build it instead of more parking spaces.
These are tree and palm tree for sure. The guys are at night. Exactly. Okay. I'm glad you had a good time. Thank you.
Okay. So far, we got 48,000 votes and a separate two of them. They're all negative. Did you have a great time? No. It sucked. It's what they're saying.
Which is just a shock to me because like I said, you go in there and you look at it and in the embryonic stages, it looked like it was
going to be spectacular. Certainly new and shiny and glitzy like anything that's brand new.
But was it built with any kind of concept? I mean, who the hell were these vosos that designed this thing?
That designed the parking, that designed the access roads, that designed the who the hell are the people that hired these five-year-old kids?
Must be the same people at higher than hell, peric-y-am.
They like little kids over here because they work cheap. That's right. And it sound really good too.
Here's a mobile in Boca. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah. Meal. Hi. Maybe you can help me out here. You can. You're meeting Italy, Maven.
What a great day. I've gone for two weeks. I'm leaving Wednesday night.
Leaving out of Miami going to Rome coming back from Milan. However, it's October. Never went there in October.
Calling on the telephone and all I'm hearing is, oh, I'm sorry, sir. We're booked.
It's the altissimo season. Have you been there in October? What do I expect?
What do you mean, what can you expect? I'm hearing everything booked. I usually go there in the spring and
when you call them directly on the phone, speak a little Chinese Italian, the price comes down in half.
I tried to get into the Jol-Li booked all three hotels in Rome. Everything. We wind up
being eight kilometers north of the city center. And some I don't know what. Oh my god.
What do I do? Do you expect this all? Don't you have a travel agent you're making the calls direct?
Yeah, because we usually want to get in half the price. I like to speak to Italian and I speak it like a
Chinaman. Yeah, but are you? Are you that desperate to get half the price that you want to stay eight
kilometers north of the city? I don't know. That you're going to have to take a cab everywhere that
you go. No, no, no. Got myself a new alpha waiting for me always driving in Italy to love. Oh,
if it then then what's the problem? But sure, I expect to see this even worse up in Milan.
It's October really this high season. Yeah, May and October may in September and October. Sure.
I go vote. But what does that mean? It means I'm going to bang my head. Well, wait a minute. Are you
telling me that you just take off and you go 5600 or 6,000 miles across the world without a hotel
reservation? You're just going to zip up to Milan and then hope to find a hotel. Only for the first
night and the last night on the way. It's plot locked. Usually do real well. Usually do real well. Never
wait. Not October. Shocked at what I'm hearing. Yeah, I'm shocked at what I'm hearing. I can't believe
that anybody doesn't make a reservation in a hotel before they travel that far away. Line by the
seat of my passport again. Hotel reservation landing and the day before I'm leaving. Yeah,
hello from the gentleman in Trotteria to have a great time. Okay, good luck. You pal. I'll see in
the Pensiony. That's where he's going to mind up thing in a Pensiony. Up on the third floor,
there with a half a star on the sign out there. That's where this poor guy's going to be staying.
Okay, we have two open lines in Broward 5 6 7 0 5 60 and Palm 5 60 on a mobile one line.
Acha Peaky, that's all I can say to you, sir. You travel like a schlepper is the way you travel.
Unbelievable. I'm just going to show up. I'll find me in a hotel. I'll get right. And they'll
not have to price off. Sure they will. 26. Eight. Real right. You're not.
Softy and not to anxious to come back anytime soon. Well, thank God we got no home game this week.
Our next home game is until a week from the Wednesday I think 23rd. We have it all,
which is giving them plenty of time to like revamp their whole concept on who the people are.
Parking in there. I don't understand. There's this enormous massive tract of land there
where they built the arena. There was any excuse, any reason in the world. It's not that they didn't have
enough space to build enough parking spaces or to tour to lay it out in a way that was like conducive
to figuring out because if they weren't able to do it fighting out how they're ever going to be able to do it.
Because obviously the people who are in charge of doing it are like the people in charge of
I like a Maddie Lashem. Maybe it maybe Maddie's in charge of the parking at the Mad Arena.
Which would explain a lot. Here's Palm Beach. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, I don't know if you saw
the superhero story about the seeds. No. I was the guy that was that he was interviewing and he didn't
find me because you had some foreign acola earlier in the day. He found the proudest guy in the arena.
Right. I'm no better than you and I can't fit in the seeds and I want to invite you to come and
sit next to me. I have four seeds that I've stuck with for the whole year. Really? I can't even sell it
because I took people to hockey set to see what my feet are and they sat down and said,
where are you buying these? I can't fit them. What section are you in? 105. 105? Yep. It's a lower
seat. It goes over to the right to see it's the bigger. Yeah. I pointed it out to see if
you should be able to pay. Oh, so in other words, some of the seeds are big and some of them are new.
Yeah. Yeah. I've got four seeds for the next game against LA. I'll send you one. You come and sit
in my section between me and my three friends and we'll all be swatched in like Fargeek. Oh no,
I'll send my regular seed. But I'll before the game I'll come over and I'll take up and I'll
put my ass in your seat and see how I'll bring you a crowbar to make sure I get out.
Section 105, row 16. Okay. The NC. I mean, I'm in 101 16. So wait a minute. You're in the NC?
Yes. And the NC, even the arm rest comes off on it. What's the three people for the left of me,
can't fit? I'm not the only one. Oh my god. And like I said, I complained to the panther. They
offered to move me upstairs. I said, well, I've been down here since 1793. Yeah. You know, now you're
going to move me upstairs because the seeds bigger. I want to meet the guy who drew these stupid
plans up. These people out of these sizes of seeds. They got a girl way 90 pounds sitting in a big
seat. Yeah. You know, and they got guys like me and you. Well, maybe they should have arranged
this by way. They should have. I put my weight down on the damn application. Why don't they look
for me too? Well, they should. They should give us those seeds that are just sitting on the
concrete register. I would put down like 195 to 210 just to make sure I had a little leeway.
But they shouldn't have falsified the fact that all seeds are equal and give some people
thinner seeds. You realize when you're building an arena like that and you supposedly have
professional people laying outside. I want to meet the idiot. So brilliant you have to be to make
sure. I mean, you figure out how much space you've got and then you divide one number by
another number and the seeds all have to be the same size. They're not that's why they've got
several seeds that rose that have been now or see so they can fit it actually. See the
now? Unbelievable. Yeah. And I would like to meet the guy who designed it because he is
discriminating against average Americans. Maybe it's for all of these people. Yeah. Well, maybe
if the whole arena was forward to the Japanese people, they'd be fine, but it's not. Yeah. Maybe
that's the plan. We got fat Americans eating the lousy french fries they got there every shop
at the saw glass. Maybe I don't go to any more. Okay. But then they got the season french fries
who wants that. I want regular french fries. Okay. I'll be over to see it. I'll see you.
Oh my god. What a mitigated freaking disaster. What a disaster. We got some bunches of
seeds that like rock and roll and they like float and fumble and bumble around all over the place
and those are way down low seats that people paid an arm and a leg for. Then we got some
seeds that are like narrow. Some seats that are nearer than that and some seats that even the
Chinese couldn't fit in. We got a parking situation that is absolute utter chaos like well,
this is the park anywhere. I'd like to try to remember where you were and hope that when you come
out maybe that some of the other people that are parked all over the road in front of you might be
leaving early. See, and I'm going to tell you one thing back in the Miami arena we had a bunch
of assholes if anybody ever left a game early. Oh, you're leaving early. Even it was like six
nothing or something like that. Oh, you're leaving early. Anybody that gets criticized for leaving
early in this place, I got news. This is a couple of free shots of what we're doing to criticize.
Absolutely positively very believable for this town. And these people are running around shooting
off their mouths. Oh, well, this is the most beautiful facility in North America and everybody
tells us, yeah, like I said, it may look good, you know, in pictures. It may look good on television,
but in terms of the comfort, in terms of the accessibility, in terms of the anything,
it's turned out to be pointed like every single report except two. We've had 47 million 268,000
calls today and except for two, they all said it's suck, which I'm just a shot. It takes a lot to
shock me. So I have to make me flip my cap and I'm not going to do it. Here's a mobile and
Cooper City. Hello. Hi, Neil. How are you? Okay, sir. Listen, I was away for about a month.
The Friday was the first time I stepped into the arena. Yes, sir. And far be it for me to say
anything nice. But it wasn't that bad. Yeah. I mean, the parking is a little ridiculous the way
they set it up so everyone comes in one entrance and federal all the parking is on one side. But
I got there kind of early. So I didn't have any trouble. All the way you got to walk about a half
with God damn miles. Yeah, to get there. That's good for you. Yeah, I suppose. But I mean,
it's a brand new place. It's big. It's expensive. You know, and frankly, what's this about wide
seats and narrow seats? Well, maybe you maybe you had a wider seat. I guess because I felt to
me like a normal side seat. I mean, guys can't stick their eye or recto. That's unbelievable.
That they would make difference. I see if I didn't notice the seats way down. I would have had
a temperate look. Yeah. Seven eight rows of something like that. I think they brought in a few
sofas. They brought in a few requirements. But you know what it was hot. You know, I was seeing the
and we played two out of these teams and we're two and oh. Uh-huh. That's a good news. Okay. So
let's not other thing. I was the way I heard you say that you were in Bologna on this trip. Yes.
And did you like it? I lived there for five years. That was okay. I wouldn't go back. It was
interesting. How come you even went there? Why Bologna? Because you got to see more than just
Roman Florence and Milan. I got to see all of Italy. You got to try new things. That's for you.
Like the food? Food was very good. Yeah, the food is great Bologna. Yeah. Tagliatelle Bolognese was
hot. Super duper. Yeah. Well, listen, good talking to you and you'll see next week. It's
really not that bad. Okay. I can't wait. Okay. I'll be walking over. Yeah. If I was smart,
I could just about walk over. Even better. I'll just park over there at borders and walk over.
Well, I want to make sure I say hi to my little lady print over there. The moment of glasses
that thinks I'm an asshole, then every time somebody goes in there and buys the best of. Oh,
what are you listening to him for? He's an asshole. I would give you some borders totals by the way,
but we don't have an A, I guess, because of the holiday today, we're having a little trouble
getting this thing coordinated our center one fundraiser. We're doing pretty good, though,
from what those numbers you gave me. We're off to a real good start. You can get the best of
meal items one and two and any of the eight borders in South Florida. The album you son of a bitch.
560 WQM channel 10's going to be here tomorrow. Want to be something. If all the other TV shows in
town, why don't you show us a cartoon postcard that I got from Amsterdam with the lips and the seven
joints in it. It's a stone forever. Wouldn't that be something, huh? Every other station in town.
But the station that's supposed to be carrying my guide damn show Neil at night every night at 1030.
They won't show it. Willay because there are bunch of pussy's over there. Oh, we're cutting
Ed. You're not cutting Ed. You're cutting the crap is what you are. And I think it's time for
to cut the goddamn crap is what it ought to be. Over there. Man, oh man. And Rob Kaplan's run
around her. Oh, well, gee, we did a really great job putting this show together. Yeah, right.
Long pond response calls that I wouldn't wish on God lame Hitler and evil brown. Just before they
pulled the trigger. Oh, in fact, I'm most of the calls you put on air would be enough to make
them pull the trigger. There you go. See it all. God. See, the the epitome of whammy is the fact that
after four and a half months on the year, it's still TV from it. TV from the they still can't get
to they can't finish anything. Okay. It's like it's like announcement interruptors no matter what
it is on there TV from it. Come on. You can spit it out. Get it out there. Yeah. Everything is
clip everything is chapter five year old kids run and enjoy it over there. We have both state
of the art equipment. Yeah, the only problem is they don't know anybody. I have anybody
who knows how to run it. It reminds me of Max. Let's get a great Max the engineer back from a
Paxton. Oh, yeah, we got all these great. Yeah, they didn't spend a lot of money on equipment
over there. Did anybody know how to make it work? No, no. Mad Max. He was to be well, I like to
flirt. I like to eat. I like to flirt every day. He come in and go through the same speech.
Would he fix the equipment? No, it's standard. Make a speech for maybe before I go on a year.
I like to eat. I like to flirt. I like to smooth. I like to we should have had a song about that.
That would have been a great folk of rancor. I like to eat. I like to flirt. I like to smooth.
Do I like to do any work? No. No, but hey, that's mad Max for it, man.
That's the same thing over there in Miami. They got the best crap that money can buy.
The best crap that money can buy. And a bunch of five year old kids like,
Oh, how the hell did we make this thing work? I'll never forget as long as I lived.
Those first how many was it the first 100 nights? The first 200 nights we run that thing?
It's the day.
Joe, I'm Jeff. That. Do you do you from?
Yeah. Would black screen and dropouts and pukeouts and the oh my god.
Were they were they ready for prime time? No.
They're ready for like three in the morning. No.
They weren't ready for any.
Here are your silver queen productions. Man, as soon as you told me that, that that
was involved in this operation. At that point, I should have said to myself, forget it.
And if they ever put one show on there that of any interest to straight people? No.
Of course not. Other than this one, this one with a bag to win a show. At least I got
a straight audience. But any other show on there, every show is a bag show on that channel.
No. Which reinforces what I think about certain people over there who are like, you know,
still putting on an act. Here's a mobile in Miami Beach. Hello.
Neil. Yes, sir. Good y'all to back to you.
I'm happy to impress you. Thank you. Thank you. I need a clarification on God's father's
too. I know it's a totally off the track here.
Michael Corleyone goes to Frank Pantanalyst and is screaming at him and hockey them a
Chinese dad. They tried to assassinate me in my own bedroom.
Then they asked Frank to make peace with the risotto. As Frank goes into the bar,
and when they go to try to kill us, they say, regards for Michael. That was for them to make
Frank think that Michael got up there. That's it, right? Okay. I'm sorry, but I just...
I should have known it was Hyman Roth all along. Got you. Got it? All right. And don't forget,
I don't forget some talk to a man like Mo Green like that. Not even a monument. Okay, see you.
Goodbye. Okay. We have two open lines in Dave. Five, six, seven, oh five, six,
and don't forget there's no such thing as a course in Ostra. There's no such thing as the Mafia.
This has to people at A&E. Okay. They'll give you a little one of these with a twist of nose.
They'll say, hey, you're right. That was hysterical. Here's a mobile in Papano. Hello.
Dale. Yes, sir. How you doing? Great.
You didn't take it all there. I went to the second exhibition and opening night. Right.
We're quite a few positives, but two big negatives. The positive was the arena itself,
aesthetically, I've never seen one like it. People, it's obviously a problem. It is a big problem,
and it's something that is a tremendous... as far as bad they're going to do it, so I'm just here.
We just can't get it right. There you go. There's a guy who's psychotic. We have an open line in
Broward to a date. Five say it's ripped the guy there, Macarena Day. And so far,
once we turn him loose, they've been into it like freeway and spigot without the freeway man.
They're out of control. You can't get there. The seats are too narrow. The place sucks, etc. and so on.
Game was pretty good, but who the hell cares. See, if we had fans, then it would be a little bit different.
Then they would have had a lot of calls about the guy named Game itself, but we've had almost none of those.
We've had calls and rightfully so, like the guys are saying, we've paid a lot of money for these tickets.
We have a right to be able to release Squeeze Art Guide then back to a seat would be good without a shoehorn.
Here's Sunrise. Hello. Good afternoon, Neil. Yes, sir. I went to my first Panthers game Friday night.
Thanks to you and your seats are phenomenal. Or you said in my seat. I said in your seats.
Right at center right, there were magnificent seats. The goal for that first goal by Parish. I had the
best angle in the house. It was a thing of beauty. I just wanted to again thank you for the tickets.
Also, I do have a couple of comments about the arena. The seats here, now that I hear people
mentioning them, they're a little narrower. My main thing is there's the lack of legroom in between
seats, even a little kick-kink at between you and the seat in front of you. The concession.
There's something now that I'm thinking about. The exhibition game over there, there are a lot of empty seats.
It was like there were a lot of people in my row because I'm right on the end.
But now that you mention that, I'm looking forward to a nightmare because when you're on the end,
everybody who comes back in and everybody that goes out is going to pass by you if they're going
out on your end. Well, that'll be stadium or rope extent. Well, I see I envision a lot of time standing
in the aisle. Well, that's always a thought, yeah, I guess, but I guess a little inconvenience I would
assume. But anyway, I just wanted to again thank you for the tickets. I had a really good time.
My girlfriend and I have never been to a Panthers game before and we really enjoyed ourselves. I just
want to let you know. All right. Thanks. Okay. There you go. There's a guy who's a grateful and a good
guy. They had a good time. They had to take a shoe horn to squeeze their asses into the seats,
but other than that, we have an open line in the Broward to indeed five six seven oh five six
the pound five sixty on the mobile one line twelve fifty six on QA. We got the Humper Hank Goldberg
at two. We got the four hour pregame extravaganza. The spot carrier kind of like what they do on
hockey night in Canada now, which they're starting earlier so that the late game is in over three in
the morning. Six thirty to seven. They do the stupid and sipping half hour pregame show and there's
no point to it. The game starts at seven, but they do a half hour pregame show just to get a lot
of extra sponsor there so they can make money. Well, here on QAM we're a lot more clever than that. We
can work out more than just a half hour. We do a four hour pregame extravaganza for every dolphin
game. So maybe we would make back some of the money we lost in the Marlins. Speaking of money.
Hey, but Neil Rogers show Lauderdale. Oh boy. It's the one to two hour. They talked a lot about
Francis Albert last night from Hoboken New Jersey. They ever mentioned any of his late mafia ties
because we know there's no such thing as them off you to a little waste of time. We have two
open lines in day five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 T wireless line. Everybody
had a great time in the game pride and I just kicked ass. I love the parking. I love the arena. I love the food.
I love the prices. They love those big wide luxurious seats. There's a mobile in Marguid. Hello.
Hi Neil. Yes, sir. How are you doing? Great. Good. I got a chance to meet you last week for the first
time I have people off with a pleasure and an honor. Right. If it was a CD that you were just selling
observation don't really matter to me. Because we never had the original that was
had it on there. You know, I'm saying that's the way it was when we got it. Right. One other
observation I'm on a season ticket holder for the Panthers so it doesn't matter to me either way
about that it's getting in getting out the same size or anything like that. But one thing I had
noticed is they put an entrance for the people coming from from the south on 75 in the
saw grads to get into the stadium and to leave the stadium. But where there'd probably be a lot
of people coming from Bocca and up north they everybody's got to get off on Oakland or sunrise.
It seems like they would have you know would alleviate it some of the traffic if they would have
just put an exit going northbound right onto the saw grads right out the back of the arena and
going into the arena also. Going northbound? Excuse me, going northbound onto the saw grad.
Don't you think? You can't get out going northbound from Oakland. Right. You have to go back to
Oakland or you have to go back to sunrise to go if you're going back up to Bocca or head to it.
Okay. We have an open line of Dave Mutt and Brad. I mean they had all this time to plan it. You
would have thought you know you know thought that when you deal with that much money and all these
big hot shots and all these experts and they're going all over the North America. See I hate
to break the news to these people. I know this comes as a great shock and a tremendous bitter
disappointment to a lot of the people in the organization. But people you know we've been
trying it's tiring. I'm more now with it about the salaries and about these multi-millionaires
and these goofballs guys with IQ smaller than they're pinky. But if you're really going to subsidize
this if you're going to help us support it how in the world when you want to put out that kind
of money for tickets and that kind of money for parking and that kind of money for food how can
you give anybody less than the best the best the best the most comfortable city without talking about
you know something even the old wooden seats and maple leaf gardens which has been there for 68
years they built it in 1931 even those old seats even those wooden seats are big and they're
comfortable and they're like probably more comfortable than these little narrow tiny seats that
some of these poor bastards are sitting in that are paying five six grand a year for tickets
people expect the best and they give them shlok after all the time that they've had to plan this
thing people go there expect some organization they send you nice little diagram okay park in
gate number five number seven you expect to go to a place and it's clearly marked and instead
having a bunch of little high school kids standing around and all of their ass from your elbow you
expect to be able to do zip right in there clearly marked an organized and based on what we're
here and was it organized oh was it clearly marked oh was it like chaos uh huh yeah I am just
uh shot and amazed and bitterly disappointed because I thought to myself I was making excuses in my
mind for them because I thought well you know it's kind of a rush thing although really wasn't a
rush thing they had months to do this but you know when the instrument games are over we get into
the real thing that first right tonight I was confident I was positive it would be well organized
and really well thought out in the piece of cake sorry here's a mobile implantation hello
happy to know yes sir I'm calling to say thank you for the tickets you gave me on Thursday okay
and it was a second panther game I will want to it was up in 203 great seats not a bad seat in
the house it didn't seem like yeah a great view and everything and I came in I shot up north on
flamingo and turned left there just had sawgrass and went straight into the park and I know
problem but like everybody was saying the problem is getting out and the what they need is they
need signage because you couldn't tell distinguish between a parking road versus an exit kind of like a
right a street you know where people are if you could see where the especially would have
the people parked in the middle of the streets anyway because they had nowhere to park right and
if you turn like if you pull out of your parking space and say go north and the park has to be a
Miami international when you when you're in the parking lot exactly and keep you keep going around
and trying to figure okay which way to where I'll go to get out I want to get there a lot of
here I want to pay my six hundred dollars parking fee I want to get out of here and you keep looking
where's exit where's Salina we're we're something in some language it might tell me how to get out of here
and if you keep going around long enough maybe you'll find it they just spend a few shuckle
them and buy some signage to say out this way right exactly and in closing I saw the the Italian thing
on on 80 last night right it was it was somewhat entertaining but like you said there's a few short
coming in I don't know Godfather a little ethnic paranoia okay pal okay there's no such thing is
the mafia okay there's no such thing it's just a figment of our imagination and all those people
insistly they keep getting shot all those mafia investigators over there they probably had bad
tires they had bad brakes there's something in the year you know I mean I guess they assume
that all of us who would be watching that the presentation last night have never been to Italy
have never spoken two or three words of Italian like Managela Mazzetti or something like that
and have never seen those stories read those stories in the papers probably some kind of
comedy pico plot is what those stories are there's no such thing going on like that over there
and this is a bunch of hooi
I can still remember the day wasting into sound
so
Forgive
it
we
I got this man from Jersey, seeking fortune and God's son.
He got it, resting movie, section 4, the way he had done.
And we did cleanse the kingdom, he's gonna face him of grace.
Now that house you're very soon, I wont just go substitute the way.
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, I heard your letters say it.
I'm waiting for one bit more
I'm waiting to see the fans
I'm waiting for the fans
I'm waiting for the stars
I'm waiting for the stars
I'm waiting for the hundred degrees
I'm waiting for the hundred degrees
I'm waiting for the hundred degrees
I'm waiting for the hundred degrees
I'm waiting for the hundred degrees
I'm waiting for the hundred degrees
I'm waiting for the hundred degrees
I'm waiting for the hundred degrees
I'm waiting for the hundred degrees
I'm waiting for my hundred degrees
I'm waiting for your hundred degrees
I'm waiting for your hundred degrees
I'm waiting for your hundred degrees
I'm waiting for it
So I told you that was related to me
Last time I got my official last tour of the arena
and that is that I go in there
and they show me the........
by the way the offices working, their beautiful
hall and their facilities
for-for-year players
again, their employees
and I said thank God for that.
He had been there the day before, went down in the seating area, sat down.
Just just pick a seat, sat down, and a seat broke.
Okay, he picked a seat.
So seriously, I told that on the air, remember that?
That's a true story.
Just the way I think I'll try this one, I think it sits down to seat busts.
I should have been in God damn old man.
By the way, here's, let's see, as we approach this,
the final month of WQM operation from Sheridan Street, it says.
Oh yeah.
I think it is appropriate that we recognize Joan Klinger and Earl Lewis as the WQM employees of the month for August.
Who?
Joan and Earl have helped, and by the way, who turned the heat on in here again?
When is this going to stop?
Oh, thank you.
What's going to happen once we get up on the third floor?
I'm sure it'll just be worse.
Oh.
Joan and Earl have helped us out tremendously.
It will be tragic not to recognize their contributions to WQM's success.
So therefore, please join me in congratulating Joan Klinger and Earl Lewis as the WQM
board of, what does it, they'll each receive a $200 bonus or a QAM pin for their achievement
and it's signed with a squiggly a Greg.
See, there's the telltale, see how he does that squiggle under the G on his name.
That's the squiggly you see on your check.
Now before they give it to you, the humorous aspect of that.
Yes, neither Joan nor Earl for both good people.
Yes, work for QAM.
QAM employees warranted it, so they had to give it to some guest people.
There you go.
Take the money, guys, because you'll never get it again anyway.
Joan and Earl, take the $200, thank you.
And by the way, you probably never get that either, but, uh, several look forward to.
Here's a lady in Daniel.
Hello.
Hey, I have a couple of things I want to say.
Okay.
First of all, when two Ruksis against Saturday, there's another couple.
They loved it too.
They're going back.
I told the manager that Neil found it.
Oh, thank God for you.
And all four of them.
Last one, another free meal coming.
Oh, good.
We don't watch Wanny any longer.
Yeah.
The wrong is you're not there.
We're not there.
And the third thing that I'm honest, I'm still on there, but they're showing these old shows
from a month ago.
No, no, no.
We want you there for real every day.
Yeah.
Anyhow, um, you know, that gay boy that was beaten up, he died.
He died last night.
Yeah.
Oh, I'm so, I just feel so bad about it.
And CNN, by the way, did the worst job I said they're covered, eight o'clock this morning,
the worst job of covering that story, it was their lead story and they gave it like a 42nd thing.
And while authorities say that it was a robbery.
Marie was the real motivation.
Oh, yeah, really.
And then from the one hand, the one guy was upset because, you know, the other guy came onto him in a car.
But then turned around and robbery was the motivation.
And of course, you know, when you're going to rob somebody, you always take them out in the middle of nowhere
and you beat them for hours, then you, well, you know, tie them to the fence post and leave them to freeze to death.
That's always the way you do a robbery.
Oh, just a little upset about it.
I had to call you.
Yeah, welcome to America.
Yeah, well, it'll never change, will it?
Probably not.
Oh, okay.
Take care.
Okay, have a great day.
And thank God for all these great, right wingers, all these good Christians out there, these good religious people preaching love and kindness and brotherhood.
Yeah, right.
Uh-huh.
Here's North Miami. Hello.
Hey, how you doing, Neil?
Okay, sir.
You're smoking today.
I'm smoking a good one.
I haven't been to the arena.
It's a shame they build a brand new facility and have all these problems.
Yeah.
The seating alone, it makes you sick to think about it.
You think they would go out and I, the only thing that I've been here since 1962 and Joe Robby's, the only one I know of that actually built something down here that was right when it was built.
Right.
That's the only one I know.
The only, the only negative about that stadium is that the climate here, you know, precludes the possibility of really enjoying it out there.
They need to have a door, a retractable dome roof like the spider.
But other than that, the seats are comfortable.
It's easy to get in and out of there, except when they screw it up on the football games, but like for baseball, it's easy to get in and out.
And you know, I haven't taken a baseball.
I don't know about football stadium, which is what it's actually built for.
Yeah, but he's perfect.
Right.
Well, I wouldn't say that.
Pretty cool.
That cool.
If you're sitting on the shade side, like I used to, it's okay on a Sunday afternoon, but boy, if you're sitting on a sunny side.
Yeah, instant melanoma, man.
Two more things.
I know you've got to hear George Friday and I, I have a friend of mine came over just when you came over.
I never miss you when you first come on and I didn't hear what you made any comments about George.
Yeah, I gave George a six and a half on a scale of 10 because I don't want to give him like a swell head and big numbers off the van.
He was a monitor and a little bit, but he'll be fine.
He'll get better each time and it's a big, huge improvement over the tapes.
It better than the tapes and better than the birds.
And he also should worry about what the colors.
He's still worried about what the colors are saying.
And he should just come to blow it out their hands, which eventually he'll do.
Now, since it's Godfather question day, I've had a question and I have hesitated for years.
Of course, this is only fiction, folks. There's no mafia. This is just fiction.
There's one question I wanted to ask you. I've seen the movie, I have it here on tape.
I've seen it a million times, but I'm confused about one thing and Godfather won.
After they do, they have Tom Hagen and they say you can go now.
And they come out and they say he's still alive.
They hit him with five shots and he's still alive.
And he's talking to some guy and he says it's bad for me and it's bad for you.
If you don't get to know that deal, right?
Now, who is he talking to?
He was talking to Tom Hagen. He said it's bad news for me and it's bad news for you.
If you don't get to break the deal, don't you remember?
Don't you remember they had the meeting?
Right.
The quality only office is there.
And the Marlon Brando says I said I would meet you with you because they tell me you're a serious man.
But I'll be by the move.
But you know, he didn't want to do the drug deal.
And Sonny says oh, you kidding me?
He will have told me that you're going to guarantee the loan and I got all that.
And I have a shape and you have to excuse me.
My children have spoiled my children. They talk too much.
Right.
But now the point is, tell anyone outside the family what you're thinking again.
And then of course they brought the line back again and Godfather three because they ran out of material.
The Atom Hagen and he said to Godfather's dead.
He told him that.
And then the meeting, then he said now you can go and he went outside.
And that was far easier than he was still alive.
And he said wait a minute with five shots and he's still alive.
So Tom Hagen was the guy I was talking to Tom Hagen.
I better take a little bit of a good sony to make that dealer about a thing is what he said.
He did me one favor, Neil.
And he said by the way, don't eat it.
Louis, I understand they got the best deal but the worst lead in the city.
Yes.
You made lead poisoning.
Yes.
Good man.
And hopefully Dolphin Krieg has showed.
Thank you.
Okay.
Coming up in nine.
Any minute now we got the Dolphin Krieg in the four-play.
Maybe we got 400 hours of four-play.
Open line of Dave County 5 6 7 0 5 6 the 0 5 6 the other AT&T wireless line.
They hit him with five shots.
One more.
And he's still alive.
And of course there was Frato sitting there on the curve.
Oh, again, again.
Frato.
Yeah.
Good old Frato.
He sure had a way with a gun didn't he?
We understood he had a way with a pistol but that was it of a kind of gun.
Different kind of pistol.
Bang and cocktail waitresses two at a time.
My players couldn't get a drink.
It's all fiction.
You do understand that there's no mafia.
There's no bad citizens.
There's no black hand.
Well, Sammy Davis may had a black hand.
Here's for Lauderdale.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
It is both an honor and a privilege to talk to you.
I'm the day of your daughter's wedding.
Exactly.
I've been away for a year and a half out in Seattle on the West Coast.
Don't call me on.
I am honored and grateful that you have invited me to your daughter's wedding.
Yeah.
And I'll tell you what, I really do miss you so much.
It's a radio wasteland out there.
Where is it?
Where are you?
Well, actually, I'm here for a minute.
I'm in town for a wedding.
Nobody knew where do you live now.
In Seattle, watch out.
Oh, in Seattle.
Oh, please don't tell me you still got that asshole, Mike.
What's in the mouth?
What the hell is that?
I'm like it.
No, no, Mike Siegel.
No, no, no.
He's off the ear over there.
Yes, he's the only guy out there who's Tom Lycus.
I can't tell you how many people call him up and say,
ah, Neil kicked your butt.
Yeah, good.
It's really excellent.
Here's the guy that I kicked his butt so bad.
He went out and he got a license plate when it came to town that said,
Neil, who, a personalized license plate.
And when the first, you know, the first book that came out,
they had the World Series on.
They preempted my show almost every night.
Yeah.
And he went up with like a three, five,
and I had a three, one or something, and I didn't see.
Because I was never on.
I was off almost already.
So right away, he's got a big attitude.
He thinks he's got a big, then the next book, he had a three-shear.
I had a seven, one.
Neil.
But a week later, he, this is a true story.
He gets in his car.
He packs up his stuff in the middle of the night and leaves town.
Doesn't resign.
Doesn't say goodbye.
He left town in the middle of the night, never to be seen here again.
Neil, he's small potatoes.
Yeah.
Pocket change.
Exactly.
Yeah.
I was driving by the radio.
You read the tag of he, he's a pimple.
Exactly.
I've been going around looking at, you know, my old neighborhood and going around places.
I saw the stadium, the new hockey stadium out in the acres.
Yeah.
And they're putting up a sign today, I guess, it's the, the Panther sign.
They had the crane out there.
They're putting that thing up there.
Is it the sign that says don't fit if your seats are too small?
No, actually, you want to talk about small seats?
Try taking a domestic flight.
I had, you know, those people at Chopper Costco with the industrial five asses?
Yeah.
They have to sit next to me.
And they lift the armrest and what they do.
Oh, and that oozing foul just edges over the edge of their seat on the Uras.
Oh, God.
Oh, it's disgraceful.
They pin me.
I'm literally pinned against the window.
And I've nowhere to turn.
I mean, I can't even inhale.
Yeah.
It's disgraceful.
I'll just think it's only a real short five hour flight out there.
Yeah, exactly.
No, it's a seven hour flight.
I've got an industrial five pushy next to me, cranting it.
Beauty.
But I really do miss you a lot.
And I can't tell you how refreshing it is to see you.
And actually, I saw your rate.
Your TV show.
Yeah.
You're on television.
Yeah, briefly.
Why?
What's going on?
You don't even want to know.
They're just making a fool out of me.
Hand themselves.
The spineless gutless gutless station run by a bunch of spineless gutless,
no talent assholes who wouldn't know what TV said if you shoved it in their
room.
They know nothing.
Well, not to stroke you too much, but I'll tell you, I have the people down
here have no idea what what they have with them.
Of course they don't.
They take me for granted.
I'm like yesterday's news.
You know that.
That's the other statement of the century.
Okay, pal.
Great.
Okay, real quick.
One quick thing.
Yes, sir.
Thanks for thanks for approving your image and go ahead and get those hair transplants.
It's the hair guy.
It's what?
That's where I'm at.
What is that?
It's the hair guy.
What does that mean?
Can you translate it?
We have some guy a hundred years ago that kept bugging you to get transplants or something.
Yeah.
So what does that mean?
Then he ran to the radio, turned it up.
But what does that mean?
I don't even know what he's talking about.
Like my memory is that good?
I know about the hair guy?
Okay, whatever you say, pal.
Get back to Seattle.
Get out of here.
127 at 560.
Hey.
Hey, Roger's got.
The good ship.
All this stuff.
It's a slave ship.
And it's very tough when you roll all day.
It's a win-win.
You have the back with chains.
It's a wooden ship.
And it spells unnoticed like an arse.
It's all about ink.
But it went to die of the seas.
They throw the body in the sea.
It's a dream.
Now pose a toilet for your fin.
And if you complain, oh no.
Right there will be too if the rusty paint.
And the slave ship.
They don't serve no food.
And you can see sick.
They feed it back to you.
Life is very hard.
And the good ship of the stars.
1232.
I think the hair guy's got a point though, you know.
Because that's going to be the reason the ultimate downfall of the TV show,
besides the Reneptitude, over there is the problem on my head.
Not the hair necessarily.
The cap with that outrageous postcard from Amsterdam,
you've got it.
Which by the way, I don't have time today.
And I don't want to do short trips.
So I'll read that entire article.
And thank you for fiercely, whoever down in Key West,
Emmy, this article.
The Dutch example shows how it works.
How it can work the economics of legalized marijuana.
And I'm not going to get involved with the normal people or the abnormal people.
Or any of that.
I don't want to give a crap that much.
Because like I said, this was a novelty thing.
I brought it back to make a statement.
And the statement is, grow up already.
You can't stop being like a bunch of overgrown children in this country.
That's the statement.
It's a terrible.
I don't give a crap what they'll only do with it.
Except let all those assholes out of jail.
Those poor bastards out of jail.
In fact, let me just read the first paragraph.
Last year, 685,000 people.
This is in America.
Fill marijuana industry in this country.
It says here represents $50 billion economy from which the government gets zero.
Is it going to do that on nothing?
Oh!
Okay.
So that's the only message in there.
And Maddie Elishaum over there was the big shot at WAMI.
He can't get the message.
And he says because it's in Congress, it doesn't fit in with the show.
So in other words, if I were on a year here, boring the audience, talking every day for four hours,
about legalization of marijuana, which I'm not going to do, then it would be okay.
But because I've got a satirical postcard on my hand here,
that's too, that he's too stupid to understand, then it's not okay because it doesn't fit in.
He doesn't understand that it does fit in.
That's the point because he doesn't understand the show.
He doesn't understand what the show is about.
He doesn't understand what I'm all about.
He doesn't understand what this town is all about.
Always a smart thing to bring in some outsiders from LA or New York or some other place,
and bring them down here and put a TV station down here.
Oh, yeah, they really know where it's at.
And see, they thought right away, just like the people at the heroes,
put enough stuff on here in Espanol, put on Generation N.A. and Bill Dreck out loud,
put all this grease ball stuff on here, right away, you know, the audience did it work?
No.
Generation N.A. is in N.O.
Here's Pember Pine, hello.
Yeah, N.O.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I just want to say that I went to the arena for an exhibition game.
Yes, sir.
And I'm a big 285 pound badass, and I just want to say that I enjoyed the arena in the game itself.
And if people shouldn't complain, they've got a good hockey team down here,
and they should just be happy for that, and not complain.
You know, if they want to complain, they can go rip back down the Miami to that arena.
No, I mean, they shouldn't complain.
I think most of these people were as season ticket holders in Miami, including me.
And the same thing.
But you got a new arena, aren't you?
Wouldn't you rather be, you know, happy instead of just sitting there complaining more and more,
would you rather just enjoy being in your new arena?
I'm enjoying it, but I'm not going to tell these people, though, complain.
I mean, the overwhelming majority of these people all have it.
I don't think that we got a conspiracy here that everybody's making these stories up about the narrow seats
and about the crappy disorganized parking and all the other negatives that they encounter.
When you're asking people to pay that kind of money,
where they have to practically mortgage the house to buy season tickets for a sporting event,
they deserve the best.
And closing the ice, I just want to say, I can't wait for the Panthers to play the Maple Leafs
so we can get the rematch of War El versus Ty Dome.
Because he doesn't fight real fighters. He only fights.
But nevertheless, I like Peter Wrell, this year he played good in the exhibition season,
that he won't fight Ty Dome.
We have an open line in the middle just to maybe he'll wrestle him in the corner
like they did in that one game, and they're just like a Mexican standoff.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, and prom 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Tampa. Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
If you hear you arrive, there's one thing QAM's doing right.
They have a good real audio stream on the internet.
I get to hear you over here in Tampa.
Well, that's great. Probably by accident.
You will. Maybe so. Of course, I'm home sick or glombal state.
I have two questions for you. First of all, how does someone out of town get ahold of your CDs?
I call the 9-5-4-0.
Like a real holiday. There was nobody on the highway. I loved it.
Okay. And since this all went down last week, I was at work. Maybe you may comment on it.
But please forgive me. Do you have any comments about the J-Core acquisitions?
Do I have any comments about it? It's another tragedy. I mean, cleared channel.
You know, everything that they put on the URZCRAP,
and now that they're going to buy up all the J-Core stations,
that means that Lardas Limbaugh and what's your name, Dr. Laura?
They'll be on every station in America.
And it's just a sickness. It's insanity.
You're going to have like four or five companies that are going
every radio station in the country, which is bad for the listeners.
It's bad for the people that work in a business and it's bad business.
It sucks.
Yeah, you know, they have nine stations alone over here.
J-Core does. They're going to go up a lot of those.
And then clear channel. You know, we have a bunch now.
Clear channel's got 22 stations in this market. Can you believe that?
Yeah.
22 stations in this market. And now one of them is worth a crap, by the way.
They all suck.
I understand their nickname, this cheap channel.
That's it. You've got it.
Okay, my friend. I'm going to try to get a hold of your team.
One other little piece of radio trivia that you'll enjoy here.
Is the people that work at the planet, which is what a clear channel station is here.
I have it on very good authority.
Have been getting their paychecks late. Some of them have been paid for week.
And here's the company that just pays $4.4 billion to acquire J-Core.
How do you like that?
Oh, well, you know, the more they have, the more they want.
Okay, pal. Thank you.
All right.
Here's an add something. How do you like to be one of those people working over the planet?
Can't get a paycheck. And then you read in the newspaper.
Oh, well, we just spent $4.4 billion to acquire J-Core.
Great. How about paying me, huh?
No.
That's like when they were talking to their stupid very jackass stories here about when Greg Reed supposedly was going to put $15 million bucks out to buy the Marlin.
Oh, give me a break.
He couldn't buy Marlins at the fish shop much less of piece of the Marlins baseball team.
And all these, and that was right at the time by the way that Mandage and Rimmer and all those other part-time people here couldn't get a paycheck out of these big bowl camper.
Months and weeks and eons go by.
Can anybody get a check out of these vastness?
No.
We got big money to buy this, yeah, right?
Okay.
145 at 560 WQM. We have an open line in Broward.
This group of calls today has been a real fly opener.
I'll tell you that.
And the guy who called that last guy.
Well, these people shouldn't be complaining. Why the hell not?
Pay that kind of money to go to see a concert, a sporting event, whatever.
And this is the day and age in which we live.
The owners, the athletes, the executive, whoever the hell it is, they're the ones we got to help to pay their salaries because everybody wants an arm and a leg.
Well, at least entertain us. At least make us comfortable.
Okay. Even if you're going to put a crappy product out there.
At least make us comfortable. That's what I say.
That's what I was hoping for.
Expecting maybe like another subpar year to say the best on the ice, which you know is at this point.
Maybe subpar. But at least it'll be in comfort.
At least it'll be luxurious. Won't it?
No.
Here's Miami. Hello.
You're so much born today.
Yeah. Well, I'm glad you listened to the whole four hours. Thank you.
We have an open line and date one and groward. But yeah, of course, this is like a guy who goes into a restaurant eats nine tenths of the steak and that's his to the waiter.
The steak sucked. I'm not paying for it.
5 6 7 0 5 60 and pom 5 60 on the 18 T wireless line. This show was sensational today.
For a Monday, it was spectacular.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Hey, Neil. How you doing?
Okay, sir.
Hey, I just want to say hello.
That was from a schwarzher, by the way. So what does he know about hockey?
Yes, going on.
I just want to say I love his show.
Uh-huh.
And my hat goes off to George. I'm probably how long you heard him before you went out of town.
Yeah.
Yeah, I mentioned about how this man's speaking of you, Neil. How you really have, he has the spares.
Nobody else has helped help as much as you have.
Yeah.
So in other words, basically, he was just giving another perspective about the man near Rob.
He was sucking up. I didn't hear that far.
Anyway, I would have given him a six and three quarters instead of six and a half fire.
Or anyway, I just want to say, and just add to what I've been saying all along, I'll call before and say that you know,
I'll say that you're all right, guy. I like your show.
And to add to that, you know that fear about, um, all you can eat in your growth.
Yeah.
I love that last part. You have, you was mentioning about that Friday too.
The last few minutes, I guess it's 30 seconds or whatever, when Neil Hennon was laughing at me.
Yeah.
And the guy was telling the big, you saying, what is it, man? What is it called?
It is just so funny part.
That's the best.
Okay, pal.
Okay, let me show you, man.
I'll see you.
All right, bye-bye.
Okay, where are we going? Here's a mobile in Margate. Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Oh, sorry to know you're up there.
So first night in the arena Friday night, I loved it.
It was definitely a beautiful arena, unbelievable.
But, yeah, the seats are smaller than the other one. That's for sure.
And I think, how can you have different size seats?
It definitely was smaller. I mean, the guy in front of me is definitely closer to me.
You don't have a mature front. And the seat is definitely smaller.
I'm a little guy, so it's not a big deal.
But I'm getting pretty intimate with the guy next to me more than I want.
Oh, my God.
He's really close.
Jesus.
I think the parking is actually going to get better.
I think the problem with the parking was it was really poorly directed.
Organized.
Totally organized.
I mean, as I turned the corner, I came off Oakland.
And there was one time I said, turn right for general parking.
And there was the line saying straight for local traffic.
So everybody was trying to go one way.
I think once everybody realizes what entrance they should use in relation to where they're going to be sitting,
you know, it should spread everybody out a little bit more.
But I told Balfour to parking, it sends them when they had to turn everybody away from that one parking lot.
Because they got full.
Yeah.
And boy, they just, they really wanted to kill them.
And these poor little kids are going, ah, I don't know what to do.
Yeah. That's when they put a bunch of poor little defenseless kids out there instead of having, you know.
I mean, people were just living, man. They were.
And they were, and they were, thankfully, so.
I mean, it took me 40 minutes to get from Oakland and Flamingo to park.
Oh, but from Oakland Flamingo.
I was on Oakland and Flamingo and from there.
I would have just gone home. I'd have turned around and gone home. I couldn't handle it.
You could move.
When you're kidding, you couldn't move.
But hopefully, I think it'll get better once there be realizes, you know, the arrangements of Howard.
Yeah. Once we do about four or five of these shows and make sure they understand over there,
that the native is our pissed off and not going to put up with it anymore.
Maybe that'll get the message across.
But I love the red and devilish beautiful inside.
And it was great to see hockey at down here again.
So, let's hope we keep winning.
Have a great day.
Thank you.
Here's a lady in Kendall. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
I'm on the mountain of Sunil.
What is it?
I'm talking to you in Sicilian. There's a true Sicilian in Miami.
All right.
Come on. How are you?
Great. Multibany.
Multibany.
It's about the stuff that you're saying about Sicilians and the guy's father.
It's true. There is.
The man on the road out.
Which is the black hand on the hero. Yes.
Okay. I said it in Sicilian.
Anyway, it does exist, but not all Sicilians are in the mob.
Otherwise, we're.
I never said that.
If all Sicilians were in the mob, there would be all their slippers in Sicilian.
By the way, you've been to Italy several times, right?
60 years. I'm yes.
Okay. In its beautiful. I've been there a ton of times myself.
It's a beautiful country.
And Sicilian is just as beautiful as some of the other places that you've been to.
Yeah.
You should really make an effort and go.
Palermo.
Palermo. It's beautiful.
It's got grief.
Mathology things going on in Romans and the Phoenicians and it's a great little island.
There's not a lot of crime like they make it stop.
Like they make it.
Like they make it sound up north.
North meaning like in Roman.
No, no, no.
Everywhere.
I think the one place I'm going to avoid those naples because they.
In fact, you notice they're getting ready to make these attacks.
These launch these raids on Kosovo.
Uh-huh.
These bombs on.
And they're doing it from naples, which I guess they figure white and hell not because it's a.
It's a.
That's a pretty pretty place.
I've been there before.
It's very dirty.
Yeah. Dirty and a lot of gypsies and tremendous poverty rampant poverty.
Yes. I listen.
My boyfriend is a big Godfather watcher because I'm so and he wants to learn from the cult.
I was a culture by watching this movie, which is not the way to do it.
But anyways, he wanted me to ask you because I know the movie, but I don't really know that well.
And Godfather Part II, when um,
and Tangerly goes into that bar and they're about to strangle him.
And they say, um, this is from my Corleone.
Yeah.
If my Corleone that sends the hit on him or we had two of these the same call on the same day.
Oh, I'm sorry.
No, that's okay.
It's just very unusual.
I mean, the odds are astronomically again.
It was that was a ruse that was to deceive him, making him think that it was a.
That's what I told them.
That was how they were.
So that they would he would have a vendetta against time and rock.
Right.
He didn't believe me.
He didn't.
I mean, he wasn't sure that that was the case.
Trust me.
Oh, I trust you.
I know.
Okay.
Go to Sicily.
You'll love it.
I'll do it.
So.
Bonacera.
Bonacera.
Okay.
It's 150.
I'm saying, beginning the blue, the blue, the blue, the white, the white, the white.
Evie.
This one's a weed.
I like the wee wee.
I'll bet.
Okay.
156 at 560 WQAM.
Here's a mobile and Davie.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Well, I'm a long time listener at the beginning in a first time caller.
All right.
Only preface this by saying, I'm a major fan.
I own club seats at the dolphins, the Mollins.
I off-diff road dead center seats, which I bought an auction for 35,000 for the heat.
Why?
And I have six seats in the M.O.
Panther's club dead center.
I want to need to side of the red line in the second row between the benches.
Mm-hmm.
And the I.O.
Only positive things to say.
I went to the game the other night.
The new glass was perfect.
No glare.
No distortion.
Looking through it.
The scoreboards run.
Believe we can watch the whole game up there with things you're missing.
Corners, goals.
Yeah.
The seats were fine.
I'm a pretty large fellow.
The place was like going to a notatorium.
Not to a sports thing.
There was no crowds between.
It was a full house.
I thought the parking was fine.
I prefer it parking.
I'm in section 101.
I have the perfect preferred parking.
He's great.
I have that too.
You're in 101.
Yeah.
Dead center of the second row between the things six seats in the middle.
Right.
I think you're in 101.
Yes.
Yeah.
And I've had it some day one.
And let me say anybody who's knocking that place.
Campier sports stand unless they maybe a 500 pound human being.
Okay.
That's all I want to say.
I'm glad you're on one of the wide seats.
Thanks a lot.
It's not wide.
Okay.
It's not wide.
But I've sivened.
And compared to the Miami arena.
I mean, this is like going to paradise.
Okay.
But I do have it a good time.
There.
Okay.
We got three.
Okay.
We took a poll today.
We had six million 487,293 who said that they hated the place.
Oh.
And we had three people who said it was great.
So what do you think?
I wasn't here.
So I have no idea.
I was there for the one exhibition game.
The preferred parking is great.
I love the preferred parking.
Living real close to there.
Four and a half minutes from door to door.
I think great.
Leaving early is always a good idea.
Leaving a little bit early no matter what's going on in the game.
Nobody gets pissed out this year.
We make that deal right now.
Okay.
Anybody that starts that crap, you know,
see whatever the hell used to say in my section that one asshole.
Oh, God.
Did we have a few assholes in that section or what?
Hope you guys are on the other side, some of you.
Oh, yeah.
Thanks for coming.
Thanks.
Like it's your business, okay?
Like these guys own the joint.
Or like somehow somebody appointed them,
directors of a protocol for like when you can leave it.
It's socially acceptable or politically correct or whatever.
I think we ought to be going over there and yelling at those guys.
Thanks for keeping your mouth shut and none you.
Is in mind you own them business.
Okay.
So we took our scientific poll.
I'm just in shock.
I can't believe this.
I mean, I knew that there might be just a few minor like difficulties.
But the overwhelming number of people are bitterly disappointed.
Their seats are too narrow.
Some seats are like posted stamp size.
Even one guy who had a real tiny rectum that he had a squeeze into it with a goddamn shoehorn.
But life will go on, you know, we'll look it over there.
And maybe maybe the team will turn out when we start playing some real teams.
Maybe we'll be a bad season and then to let you suckers and stay home oxygen on TV for free.
Hey, Goldberg's coming up next briefly from two to four.
Because we got lots and lots and lots of money to make back from those damn Marlin games, man.
This station lost their ass over a million dollars we lost on a Marlin.
So we got to make back lots and lots of that money.
So George can get his bonus before the damn dolphin game at 8 o'clock tonight.
