on page of the papers this morning trademark litigate loses and wins
That's right. Broward jury in a very peculiar thing they gave car max 50 million dollars and said well
Even if you didn't really actually steal their name nevertheless, so you still have to pay 50 million dollars
So Republic who stock is down there in the crapper in the toilet
I'm gonna have to cough up 50 million but they're gonna go to a pill it and who knows what's gonna happen
But nevertheless, we like it. It's a good old man
So
Anyway, Susan this morning calls in on the worst team one of the very few calls and the Susan says now
What are these rumors? I'm hearing about you guys going to keep I want you to follow the logic of this
Okay, the rumors I'm hearing about you guys going off the air on this morning show because I've been listening a long time
And I love you guys and a lot of women listen about a beep that about and of course
I never listen to the rest of the stuff certainly those who listen to hands and I wouldn't listen that that what's his name
What's his name? How do you like that? That's fucking bitch. Yeah, what's his name?
So again like I've told you many times before with some of these sports nerds
I don't even have a name. I'm like red China. I'm like red effing China, baby. I don't have a name
We're gonna have a miracle record a new song a host with new name
With not with a no no no name. What's wrong with that?
In fact, there's what there's one for Bokobran a host with no name so the tune of a horse with no name great song by the one
Whatever happened to America. Oh, yeah, a lot of people were asking that question
In fact, if you try to watch that TV show on whammy, you're probably asking whatever happened to America
Whatever happened of the days we could turn on our TV set and expect to be able to see and hear whatever the program was on the year
I could easily do the rest of the four hours which would be another waste of my time because nobody's watching anyway
And if you wonder why nobody's watching one of the reasons is
Probably these days the main reason is because they can't hear it
I
Flip over their 10 30 last night after watching the Leafs play a coma game get pounded by Pittsburgh to nothing
Which again could have been 10 nothing if we're in Perkugio, but nevertheless I
Flip over there to well. I watched the show nights you what they do if I got the chicken on my head
If I got the propeller beanie on my head, which I had both and it was a pretty entertaining show if you could hear the sound
And again, it's a
And then of course when you turn the volume up the hum
Like I've told you before even Monica never perfected the old hum job like they have it when he meant the hum gets louder and louder and louder
To the point where I was in the first 30 seconds. They know that anybody nearby mine's gonna shut it off
An interesting part of this whole deal is that they're still when the spots in the promos come on after the segments of the show the audio is perfect
No problem whatsoever
The problem being that the handful of sponsors that they have on here who are still crazy enough to be buying spots on that show
They're being sucked into vibes of I'm advertising out of show that nobody could watch if they wanted to what because you can't hear the sound
So you know, what what can I say? I mean, I've said it a million times before I can't say here and accuse anybody of
Deliberately sabotaging but it's got to be one of two things either the most in because the finished product that they sent over there from here is
Perfect the video is perfect the audio is perfect. There are no problems on a product leaving this building going over Lincoln Road
But somewhere in the transition
With all that multi-million dollar digital equipment. They got the state of the art over there. They can't get the sound on a year
Only between 10 30 and 11 o'clock at night for Neil at night. They can't get the sound on a year
Is there a problem with the sound on sports down? No with the
MASH no with the kipasa USA no with
Generation any any problem there with a sound no
But when we got Neil at night on air for some bizarre peak killer reason we can't hear the god damn show
So like I said, it's either gotta be the epitome of ineptitude
Or it's gotta be that somebody over there don't like me
Do you don't think that's possible do you? Uh-huh because it's interesting that this is technical
We have back in the beginning of the technical which is on all the shows
It's like but I never disappoint
Every night you get that big hum job with you wanted or not which you hey, that's the american way, you know
Strong with that
So I just thought I mentioned that in passing again just like uh leejay kops said in the exorcist
I mentioned it only in passing
Father paranoia answered a question
And as far as paranoia is concerned I'm gonna tell you I could do with the next 75 hours on the Murray's
Terry Murray and brine where like I said it's the same person there's only one Murray
And this guy's as white Clark Kent you take the glasses off it's Superman you put the glasses on it's Clark Kent
You say suckling suck attach it's Terry Murray you say shuffling suck attach it's Brian Murray
That's the only difference. It's the same bozo
Nine minutes after ten it flies to them sound
Enter her yeah I hear
You know shop EQA air
Ray with the has repair it was that
He's the polian coffin do we know no damn it
1015 at 516 wqm how you doing Susan you know Susan's out there right now
Yeah, I would listen to that what's his name what is it with the women in this town
Stuffy nasty I'm not saying all of them only about 80%
Misurable humorless obnoxious disgusting
It's a radio show okay, it's just a goddamn radio show
I wasn't gonna say anything there was a guy to hockey in the other night at the Friday night game
When I was like the big star and I should have been because nothing else was going on other than a messie
Nice called air Chris Moore and how come so non-committal on a morning show this morning
You know that's another thing they also don't admit that they listen to show and I've been told on very good authority
Defoe listens to this radio station not just this show 24 hours a day
Non-stop in his sleep. He's got the headsets on
He's listening to Eddie K overnight to get the morning line odds on it got them vassier ball game
Error every minute of the day he's listening
But somehow they didn't hear the fact we played Christina Moore and that putrid embarrassing worst call in a history of sports casting
On mark messie a six-hundredth goal
So they play the card this morning and then very non-committal I noticed by the way not just guilty
But even the other two guys all of a sudden lost both their pair
It was the ball this show on there this morning because nobody anything well, uh, but it means but it will be out
They're afraid I guess Christina Moore is gonna show up on that show again like you did last this season
And all of a sudden he deballed everybody all three of course gellie
You didn't have to debull him because somebody beat them to the job, but nevertheless
So at any rate speaking of the panthers
This is you know, it's it's very sad if you can sell them in my life including last year's putrid season
If I seen anything so uninspiring so disorganized so embarrassing
And when Terry Murray and you are witness when he came in here that one day. I met him for the first time
I said on the year good guy like him. I went over to the macarena that third time to see the get my guided tour the place
Of the joint if I can say that and took me down to the offices. There was Billy Smith plus offices
sat down had a little chat with Terry good guy
Good guy sitting in I bought Brian Marie dinner that night at the El Milino in plantation
Good guy and I still say good guys
But do they know anything? No are they doing anything that makes any sense? No
Here we go with the same bull crap out and I'm gonna predict it right now
Because I watched that Pittsburgh Leafs game last night Pittsburgh totally dominated leaves you know
Would do to play a bad game and they did
But Marty struck a played one hell of a game for the penguins last night killing penalties
He's out there blocking shots. He was dynamite Saturday scores two goals in that game had another goal that they thought he had
But then credited to somebody else could add a hat trick in the game Saturday hell of a player
Doug McLean didn't like Marty struck up
So Doug McLean wouldn't play Marty struck a and then every time he did play him if he didn't score at least
10 goals in that game he'd cinemaed again
He made it impossible for him to play on this team and just about then ended his career until Pittsburgh give him another chance
I foresee that Terry Marie's got the same deal here with Ray Whitney who beyond any question
Last see question. There's no debate every statistical category goals assist power play goals
You name it virtually every category. He scored the goal
To give the Panthers the win
I'm looking at the statistics here
Victor Coslov's got no points minus three is he sitting out no
Gully Lindsay a nice hair no goals no assists minus three and a plus and minus no points sitting him out no no
I'm gonna predict you today right here on a year that
Terry Marie will do the same thing to Ray Whitney unfortunately
That Doug McLean did to Marty struck up
When I pick up my paper this morning and read bench Panthers to make return against Redwings and Roberts fail
Be back in line up and Ray Whitney will be back but on the fourth line
on the fourth line
On the Gune line the checker line with Dwayne Hay and Peter Royal
I'm saying to myself this man has got to be crazy there must be some kind of a thing in that family
You take your your here's a team that can't score
I went and saw two games two long Ponderous games in three nights
When's the night they scored one goal
Friday getting to the season was foreign away the worst team in the league till they finally fired the espasitas and getting their act together
Other than scoring four goals in that game if they scored more than two goals in any other game. No
No
So they need scoring after they need people who can stick the puck in the net. That's what the game is all about allegedly
Especially when you have mediocre goal tending which we've got
In spite of the fact we were talking last season. Oh, we got to upgrade the goal tending
That's one of our big things we got and did we do it? No of course not
More B-Ech
But when I see that they're taking the best player from last year and because maybe he didn't play great on Friday night
But who the hell did now. Let's make an example out of him
It's the spike game all over again. That's what we're gonna do for some reason. I don't know what to deal is
Robbie need a Meyer who must have naked pictures of the Murray brothers doing each other with a goat in the middle
It's gotta be yet. I'm sir. He robbed the Empire must have pictures of Brian and Terry Murray doing it with a goat doing a three way
Gotta be
Let's take a look at his statistics
Six games no goals
One assist minus one plus and minus and
The assist again like I said cars lost standing all alone in front of it. My grandmother could made that pass
To set up that goal even though the announcer is trying to make a big a
Yeah, he sucks
He can't get the job done. He's a disgrace. He's the highest paid player on the team
No, is he skating well? No, is he doing that like lost? He's like a lost puppy out there and has been this is a 30 year in a row
Did they try to get rid of him? No, they desperate was Brian Marie psychotic over the fact that my smith and Toronto didn't make the deal
And that we didn't get Felix Paifan was Brian Marie psychotic about that you vet because I was there that he was talking about it
He was pitched off baby
And we don't hear any in fact we hear the coach Terry Murray quoted in the paper a couple of days ago
Ascent if it takes Robbie 20 games to get his act together
He'll be in there every day and we just keep putting them out there and plugging away
But the guy who produced the best a pleasant surprise a miracle for us last year and by the way, how many of those goals were under power play
And this coach decides well
He don't want him to play the point on a power play because he's too small
He's too little in spite of the fact that all the goals he scored last year at a power play was playing the point at a power play
We got a coach who knows better from everybody, but I get the feeling he doesn't know anything about this team that he inherited
How could he not know he was the coach of the fires early in the season until he got his ass canned over there
He was the coach in Philadelphia they played us many times
He should have some idea who can do it on this team and who can't
In addition to which when your brother is the general manager and coach the team most of the last season
Don't you think you'd come over here and have some idea of who the guys are that can produce for you and who the guys are that are going through the motions
Who are doing the acid taken in moosey skating routine at center rice skating figure eights
Abisening for the Olympic winter skating
Give me a fricking break will you Terry Murray? Here we go again
Build them a nice hundred and eighty three million dollar arena
With problems which we've talked about to lumblul in a face. I'm trying to get them all straight not for you
So far doing a pretty damn good job if I say so myself
But like I said the other day now all we need is a team to play in that arena. That's what we need
And we got all these other guys that were desperate to get rid of that note that nobody else would take
Please take them just we don't want anything of return just take them and pay them their salary and though we don't want to receive them again
We got like six or seven of those guys
But here we go Brian Marie takes the top score that would be like Matt Sundine plays a bad guy for the main beliefs plays a bad game
Which he hasn't so far by the way
But he will does something everybody else does
And Pat quince is hey Matt you're sitting out the game with next game and then you're gonna come back
We're gonna put you on the check in line with Chris King and Ty do me here is that they would run him out of town on a rail in Toronto
They'd say if you lost and I'm not saying that Ray Whitney is mad sundine
But I'm just using examples who was the best player on whatever team it is last season
And this is what we get this is what you pay there are 57 bucks or whatever it is every goddamn game and your $10 to park and your
$20 for food or $40 for food for you got a family of more than one
So that we can go out there and see a bunch of again
And I'll be there tomorrow night and I'm gonna tell you I may not be here Thursday or Friday because I may have your tea. I'll have laryngitis
Because my seats this year are instead of behind the penalty boxes like they used to be in the other joint they're behind the benches
And even though I'm 16 rows away
I'm gonna be screaming my goddamn lungs out at Terry fn Murray is what I'm gonna be doing because you're a fozo Terry
You're just like your brother in drag. Okay. You're our shimpleton
At least put the guys out there who can produce for you who play their guts out
Can anybody accuse Ray Whitney and not give it a hundred percent ever in any game since he's been on his team? No, of course not
But we get treated to the same guys who just the no can do guys night after night after night and we go out there last week
I could have I could have read you know these two books. I wish I would have bought them a few days earlier
I could have polished one book off their wins tonight any other one on Friday night. I could have been through both of those great books
Because I sure wouldn't have missed anything out there on the ice
Same old crap that we get treated to here in this town
So it's one thing to be a nice guy. It's another thing to have some idea what you're doing
How about Bench and Robbie need him or how about sitting in his big stupid medicine hat asked down on the down in a suit in the stand somewhere
Oh, and by the way, I just mentioned in passing like Lee Jay Cobb
I just mentioned in passing also and is one of the same articles by Mark and you know
Is the columnist the writers in this town they have nothing to say about this they have no opinion
They just print whatever they tell him to print
Unlike in a real sports town where every column has got opinions in it
Center Chris Wells hasn't played since March 26th and won't for nine to eleven more weeks
Wells underwent surgery Friday to repair a three-inch muscle tear in his abdomen
This is the same guy that Brian Murray told us he'd rather have Chris Wells after he made that awful trait
Then dug weight of the Edmonds and Euler who just signed a two-year contract for almost six million dollars
One of the best young players in the league
Who hasn't played a game for us since March 26th and even when he was playing couldn't do the job
They just keep lying and lying and lying and be asking you get Wayne with a Marlon song in a dance and expect you to come out and pay a lot of money for that
Which by the way and noticed after Hank said the story straight yesterday very jackass this tomorrow this morning suddenly decided in the hero
Oh, maybe the deal ain't got to go through who knows with John Henry
What a place what a town
1027 and 560 wqm
Where do you find a Goldberg right where you got it sports radio 560 q
A.m. Dale larger than god all my hundred dog friends out there
I've got some grit if your costs if you're looking for any time
Costs a cent round the clock for your give them a cough nine nine set for you
All right, thank you Joe Rose aka dwayne stomp nice going that was kind of like the end of our TV show last night
I guess they figured nobody could hear it anyway, so they just chopped up the end
It was like one minute. I'm with the beanie on the next minute. I'm not it was like a chop liver basically
1032 and 560 wqm don't forget our center one
Parents this Saturday at Ben and Jerry's in the adventurer from noon to two
Evan that I'm telling whatever they're drilling whatever construction is right now that thing is so loud
It I feel like somebody's got a drill in my ankle it is I'm getting good vibrations and you're just from hearing at the M thing
Ben and Jerry's is near the rain force cafe between the MC theaters and blooming
Dales on the south side of Evan Tura noon to two this Saturday
Okay, look at this board boy these people pissed off and fired up. I think wild is of course not
We got one call on the board five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line
Here's Miami Beach hello
Hello, yes, sir. Hey, man
Uh, I'm going to the to the new arena
Um in about a month
Um, I need to know the parking over there. Uh, which is the best exit to get into yeah, huh
I think try your back. Go nuts. I wanted to that's your little buddy again
How do you put him on here? Even if it's our only call. Why would you put him on there? Okay?
Your little stick boyfriend get him out of here five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line
Here's Wilton manners. Hello
Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. You're real big with our love screens here with the manners. Uh, huh. I wouldn't tell me I've heard it twice
Uh, what pastor know he played your uh
Like type of uh the kid playing with a shanta there
Just a little spirit. How can he be playing that?
I heard it twice. I heard it once last week and I heard it again yesterday. Yeah. Well won't help
Okay. Okay. Thanks for the spire report. Okay. Anybody out there want to talk?
They would just want to do spire reports today
We want to talk about where do you park your uh thing in your vacuum? That's what we want to talk about five six seven oh five sixty
five sixty on the mobile one line
We got drilling going on over here. It sounds like they're blowing a god damn building up
It sounds like we're in the Aladdin casino in Vegas that they just blew down that god not soon enough either
What a place that was
Here's a mobile in Pember pine. Hello. Uncle Neil. Yes, sir
I wanted to see if you saw the article in the paper about the kid that college student
That uh, took a cat a caffeine overdose and died on a dare
Didn't see that yeah, it's in the day
I want pay what section. I don't remember I'm out in my car. I forgot. I just I thought you loved that one
I think the dare
Yeah, I'm of his friends really approximately 90
Phil almost the whole bottle
And he's dead and uh, nice he's dead
Okay, thanks for the good news. There you go. That's why they call institutions of higher learning
Because your kids are going off there seeing what assholes they can be how much booze they can drink
How many pills they can pop before they croak
Open line in day two and brown or five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line
Here's a mobile in Miramar. Hello
Neil yes, sir. I just wanted to call you. I was at the game Friday night. Yeah
And if you weren't there the only cheer that it got from a pants or fans is what messier made a goal right
That's right. What a bunch of dead people
Oh, I always wanted to stick it for giving to me thanks doctor. I wouldn't have paid for them
Like I said yesterday they should have given us refunds on a way outside the door saying we're very sorry
We hope you know we apologize for this and we pray it never happens again
Well, just keep short of the game. Do you give us all reason to cheer if you're there
Okay, I'll be there pal see you tomorrow night red wings see you here tomorrow night
We're playing the two-time defending Stanley Cup champions arguably the best team in league Detroit Redwings
And so naturally you want to put your best line about there against them
It's going to be one hell of a tough contest and no question about that
And we got a coach on and you know something the reason that this goes on an every aspect in politics with the fixed elections in Miami in baseball with
Trading away at the whole god damn team and giving you the worst record in a whole album a 54 and 108
After winning the world series and now this thing that they're doing of the hockey team the reason it goes on is because they can do it
Because this is a place where nobody even says anything even for free
For months I kept saying where is the outrage about what wing high pingo has done to the marlin? Where's the anger
Where's the outbreak could I find it no
And it's going to be the same thing here
Terry Murray is going to absolutely decimate and we you know not that we had that much to begin with to be honest with you
Except for a couple of promising rookies, but other than that
So he's going to decimate what little hopes we had and does anybody have anything to say about it? No as usual
You're just waiting for the steamroller to run over your ass and keep doing it. I enjoyed it. It's an S&M place
I'm finally catching on
Daydeline's open 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a mobile one line
Here's Lake worth hello
Uncle Neil yes sir Andrew hey grew up so I'm using my real name again. Yes, please. How are you okay? Hey?
Just want to thank you because you were talking about that sports book yesterday
Not the sports book like where you bet, but the one with the the criminals. Oh, yeah, and there was a thing on Saturday night on
No Sunday night sports extra on channel five up here. Yeah, and the guy was talking to the author of the book
And so going out yesterday to get it after work and so I get to
One of those big bookstores not the one that's selling your CDs, right?
They didn't have anymore. They sold it yesterday. How do you like that?
So
But pros and cons the criminals will play at the NFL. But yeah, the author was talking about another story
You talked about the one who's talking about Cornelius Bennett
about how I don't know if you read it yet or not
How he had this conviction of a beat is white or something yeah, and
You know the NFL said they invent again all that and then when they author the book went to get the report
It took him an extra three days because nobody had gotten it yet because they had to blow out all the names out and stuff. Oh, there you go
So but another funny thing with that channel five thing
I'm watching it and I'm half asleep. It's 11 30 at night
The broadcaster talking about the top five and the eight people or whatever right
And all of a sudden he looks at he goes. I know what you are wondering how it can just take it all those effing votes
He said effing yeah
Let me tell five let's hear it for channel five
I'm right and one more thing
Yeah, I got you on the phone. I'm talking a while
I don't know if you caught the sports report on the show this morning, but uh
LT who didn't do any drugs and he was all set up by the cops checked in the rehab this morning. How about that?
Put anyway, but I shot maybe you can go to work on power 96
Okay, and we're have a great deal of life take care of see you
We have an open line and date one and brown and five six seven oh five
Why am I talking so loud because they've drilling us no seriously you start talking louder and louder and pretty
So I'm gonna lose my voice before the hockey game tomorrow night
Before I get a chance to cuss out old to TM get that out of here. We are
Listen to that the god damn building is shaken here the foundation to this you and her like
How why can't we just to play some music here?
La music of our lives, huh?
There you go get out of here
This one of the very few things good you can say about the Tampa Bay area is the fact that they got staking shake and they have
And they also have even those little a crystal which you know Wayne Arles is better
But Wayne's only got one joint but any part of time you're in you pull into a crystal you get 400 hamburgers to go
And those cheese fries see that's one thing Wayne's got to work on getting cheese fries like they have a crystal
Those are good they'll kill you, but god damn are those good
But anyway, it says staking shake a long time fixture in central florida and the Midwest is right away. Are at stake in shake
To date brown and pom beach counties do we have anybody that makes milkshakes? No, thank god
We don't have no sponsors that make milkshakes. Do we do we uh?
Oh, oh, thank god
The chain which is partly publicly helped consolidated products hold its summer
The company is scouting the area's top growth markets including Kendall, Evan Tura, Sunrise, Pembroke Pines, Crossbrings and Boca Raton
And I'm sure that when they say you know it would be a great place for staking shake
You know where the Boston market went out of business right across the street from me by my bank
Oh, and guess what's opening right next door to there since every inch of land out there in uh, Pembroke in
Plantation acres and Sunrise is being bought up and commercialized guess what's open and right there
Granny a Denny's
Am I gonna be eating that great pie a Denny's? No, I don't think so. How about those grand slab breakfast, huh? No
I'll slam that right on the floor with the heel of your foot. No, I don't think so
Well wouldn't that be great where the Boston market went out of business there? What a shame
I tried my best I spent a lot of money here in Boston market. Did it help? No, but at any rate that would be a perfect spot for a staking shake. I'm starting to check it about it
Here's a mobile and crossbrings. Hello
Uh, Neil yes, sir. Yes. I'm the one that called yesterday on them the uh, I'm a counselor conversation again. Is that it?
No, no, do you you mind if I just
Per if you thought to you about what?
Uh, why do yesterday when I got back this is me yesterday. This is me yesterday. No, we're not we're not gonna this guy wants to have a
Debate he wants to have an ongoing dialogue. I had you out for a long time pal and we're talking about other stuff today
We don't know what it is, but whatever it is it's other stuff
Jesus these these impudent people man and the thing that uh, you know get your own radio show
Okay, you had plenty of chance to say your piece and now you want to read you on and have another rebuttal okay?
Rebut this
On a day one and brown. Yeah many of times my wife and I would go to the staker shaking or Orlando right we fill out that suggestion
card to please come to South Florida
So I was just want to tell you the good news that they're always been nervous about coming to a part of the state
Where most of the people have to gum their food. They've always been nervous about that, you know
But I think what they're gonna do is they're gonna like give you a little glass with a fizzy uh, substance in it
So you're teeth while you're gumming the food okay, and the drive through
Hey, one more one more other thing. I see where our power per hour jury gives car max 50 million dollars right
I mentioned that yes great news from from our buddy Wayne
Even if it even if it don't stand up. It's gonna make him you know have sleepless nights which we like a lot
I call my wife Veronica a douchebag and the fact that there's stockies in the toilet too
You like a lot too. No, you can't do that. Okay. We have an open line and brown. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a mobile one line
See there's good news
I'm not just a star post-effect we got a hockey coach that's an asshole
I'm not the you know, we got steak and shake coming even if it is not till nice summer weekend wait. We'll just line up there right now
Well, I think that would be a great spot
Why were that boss the nice red brick building brand new spotless in there?
Huh in fact really when you look at the because if you're familiar
You've been in steak and shake or you don't even to me
I mean we just a little work on the exterior and the sign and the whole deal. It's ready to go
Steak and shake. Oh, yes, you know the thank next door is closed
The one with the parking lot that we're gonna have to lease to right the people are stupid question. We've been working here 10 months
And every day when I come to work and I pass the the the truck sub shop right in the corner there
We love your truck and DC and I make my turn on the 441
I see the sign that says Walgreens coming soon now. Maybe there I'm there. It's open. It is yeah
I put these cop cops there how we supposed to know that it's open the signs is
By the parking lot real slow like I did and now you don't want to try to get the car at least moving
Don't stop to a can don't make all four wheels come to a home
So the Walgreens is actually open because I was gonna say that would be a great place for a steak and shake right next door just about
Here's a crawl spring. Hello. Hello there. Yes, sir. I had a bunch of things on a lift here
I wanted to talk about one with the steak and shake I can see one right here in Carl Springs on university
I can't wait okay
I think that's just like that fact I think what we ought to do is we'll send them we'll make down a list of locations
We'll tell them where to a stick it we could do they work for them why should they look we tell them where we're gonna be and band they build them well
Tell them exactly where to stick it if you haven't by Christmas time right
The uh the thing about Wayne I think that's wonderful right? His own backyard. He got to start
So don't expect any great thing to happen with the hockey team now
You can have just that 15 million on this uh, I never I never thought about that. That's right right?
I've got another reason another excuse
One thing you never talk about I went you have for why I haven't heard I want to meet me to ask you at the new arena is the silver fox there
I have you know something other than mr. Mrs. Howard Kleinberg who have the mispevencee anybody from the other side that I remember from the old 106
Nobody and I look over there once in a while and it's a long you know my eyesight's pretty good and I don't see any of that crowd
Right whose daughter got married whose son grew up with a baby right?
Not only that but the fact that when people show up year after year they have a passion for it. They have a feeling for it
There's none of that here
Because you know they show up whenever they can get a ticket and uh and that's it
That's because they because that this yeah that's right
Well the pia the
They can stick it's worth 13 million what is McGlyre worth what is so so worth what is Kevin Brown who's gonna be our free agent
Who's are gonna be signing for a ton of money?
Al lighter is worth eight million dollars a year. I mean he's an ice sky for six but Al lighter is worth eight million
Jesus what are we talking about
Absolutely good luck to his pal okay ticket yeah
All me first it up. That's right thank God that the station's behind those tickets
I mean it's it's just out of control you keep wanting more and more of our money and like last night
Okay, I did watch the leaves and a pen wins and a pen was played well, but to be honest with it was a very boring game
It was coma inducing
And there have been so many of these rift I watched hardly a finished beat the crap out of the
Colorado again walk five of the first seven games by the way only one win Patrick frogs let him in the bowling balls are going through his legs for gold
And the crowd is booing and screaming and when they're in Denver their psychotic
I mean the quality of the product out there is getting worse and worse and you can talk all you want well
We're five and two the dolphin to England game the first three quarters you could have taken a book
You could have taken a pillow and had a good nap and missed nothing
And I mean somewhere along the hill it would be like going into a restaurant where the food used to be really great
And every time you go it gets a little bit worse and a little bit worse and the portions get a little bit smaller to the point where and the prices by the way keep going up
Keep going up
And the state that used to be 25 bucks now it's 50 bucks, but they give you like a little tiny turd in the middle of a plate and say here you go
Take it or lump it and that's what they're doing with sports and they just can't figure out why people get a little bit enchanted
Here's North Miami Beach hello
North Miami Beach
Hello yes sir
Hey, this is the first time talking on the phone
Talking in person but never on the phone. Yeah, I'd like to ask a question. Yes
With anybody have an idea why how many
Bus drivers school bus drivers yeah, what the words is that mean? What does that mean how many how many school bus drivers are black? Yeah
Do you have any idea? I have I well I counted my man
Well, wait wait wait wait wait you are counting here as a gentleman who's got a full rich life who spends his spare time counting
The number of black school bus drivers and what number have you arrived at sir?
I have a very good I have a very good wife
What I'm thinking a good wife between uh wife
wife yeah, no
I've had six of them. Yeah, but probably it's the reason the I can see now why I see you to figure that out. Yeah, right
So how many black bus drivers are there sir? They are I don't know it's just that I
Well, well, we'll take a poll. Thank you. There's our poll question today. How many black school bus drivers do we have in town?
Anybody know? No, let's start counting right now. He's been counting them
He's been counting them my good racist threat who's been through only six wives who still can't figure out why
Oh my god
Heavy duty
We have an open line indeed five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line
Q a L
But Lauderdale all right. This is G Gordon Lydia and they don't come any worse than Neil Rogers founder
The Lord above is angry at what he's hearing on the radio airways today
All of us good Christians hair at the fist f**kers association are doing our part and absorbing the evil sins
Inkirt on the radio
Why every time we hear what we define as an obscenity
We thrust our fist into a followers, but like today for instance, I heard the word crap
You know what that means. It's your turn Reverend Kennedy. Oh not a chance. We must do the work of the Lord
Now it's my turn
We urge you not
To patronize the sponsors of these radio havens
Please visit our website at www.fistf**kingchristian.com
And remember to
For Jesus
For Jesus
For Jesus
For Jesus
One more time it's 1102 at 560 wqm. We have an open line of day five six seven oh five here's North Miami. Hello
Hey, no, yes, sir. That was a great call you had your last call. That was great call. You're the best
Uh, he's counting bus driver serve you ever noticed how many uh Chinese bus drivers there are for school buses in this
You better get busy
Listen
I have a story here that I just saw in sports center
It kind of coincides with everything you've been talking about with you know alcohol and uh, you know that book about the NFL player
There's a Leonard Lutil who plays for the St. Louis Ram. Yeah the woman died by the way
And by the way, we had the story wrong on this radio station
We had the story wrong several days ago when he announced that all he was not under the influence and no charges of being filed
Guess what surprise
Twice about the legal limit right now
Maybe he could be a school bus driver. He is black. There you go. In fact, uh excellent idea. There you go
Okay, thanks for the good news
All these all these dark-complexed guys who just have problems, baby
Who just aren't good role models for our kids? Well, let's not make a role model. Let's just make them a bus drivers
That sounds logical. I mean nobody you know
It might read Myers the bus driver who don't pay his attention to the bus driver and most of the kids resent them anyway
Because they're trying to like you know keep them in line
So let's have all these guys driving a goddamn bus and then this guy that called two calls ago
He can start counting like crazy. There goes another guy damn one right now
Open line and date counties line here sunrise. Hello
Morning, new. Yes, sir
Just two words you're welcome
Poor I sent you the access to tape. Oh, yeah, thank you so much. I'll go tell you I told you sooner or later
I get around well. I was patient. I was patient. I'm glad you enjoyed it
I mean it was a very boring weekend because I was here in town. So what else am I gonna do? I just thought
Tee I'm gonna watch that damn thing and it was great. Yeah, and there's a longer version available
She'd buy the DVD. Yeah, which is out now, but I haven't got a DVD play any good. Why? But eventually maybe
I was
Bucket and his put oh, I guess she's got a greater claim to fame than the than the time
Well, whatever whatever she was doing even it was like just a home video
She probably had more viewers than then she's got now obviously
That's a lot of course that news guys one thing if you if you add all the different times that it's on
It's like mash if you put all the times mash is on they probably got about a four share
Huh sure cuz that's four times one is four last time I checked in fact if they would put us on 30 times
We'd still have a nobody can hear the guy damn audio so 30 times zero is still that's right
No, it's in like I said why do I give myself worked up into a leather about these things
They put together a pretty good show there until the very end last night when they were doing the Joe Rose
Dwayne stomping and chopping uh, you know, I figure who the hell cares now by this time everybody's turned it off
Anyway, nobody can hear it
But other than that it was pretty entertaining. I'm sitting there with a chicken on my head
I mean where else in America can you watch your guys sitting there make a jackass of himself what a chicken on his head
Probably at television first
But was there anybody watching? No, of course not you can't hear the guy damn thing if you want to hear it
Hmm and the and the hum keeps getting louder and louder and louder
In fact, maybe that's the idea just stick your on the TV screen get a good hum job there for the prices right
And nobody cares nobody that and I said to George this morning
I need help I really do I need psychiatric counseling not as a person but as somebody who lives here
Because in order to survive in this town you have to be willing to lower your standards
I'm not talking about being better than anybody else or goody-toos shoes
But you have to lower your standards to such a low degree that you don't give a anymore. You just don't care
Like my good friends there at Pompato Park. I listen
I don't want to bore you with the because it's the pressing place to begin with
But I'm telling you everything that I deal with practically in this town is doing and people that you're trying to do a job for
And they still don't want to give you any copy any information
It's like oh, we don't know what you're talking about what you bothering us for
That that's the mentality in this time. What are you bothering us for?
Just dummy up and go spend your money and have a great life and leave us alone
But I'm trying to do a job for ever get about it. We don't care. We just go through the motions anyway
No matter what it is
Like this radio station we got so many people that are just content to go through the motions and if you open up a mouth
You're a bastard. I mean, I know that there are people that hate me like poison in this place. Do I care? No, of course not
I couldn't give a crap less
And that's my big mistake
You're supposed to be part of our fraternity. You're not supposed to be trying to do a professional job
Stop making so much goddamn trouble and I'm not just talking about here. I'm talking about it
It's like the thing with the panthers. I haven't had one call here today on that
Not one
Not one
Did I give him a chance in the beginning you bet? I said hey is a good guy. I met him. I had a couple of good conversations
I think he's better new people think
Let's give him a chance and then we'll uh, shoot him okay
Because he's a bozo
Taking our best player stick him on a bench stick him on the fourth line with a couple of goons on a goon line
And then of course he's gonna be saying well it's not scoring
Well, how the hell's he gonna score when he's playing with a couple of uh, goofballs out there
That's like the leafsay, but you know tie. Don't be you're not scoring enough goals. You're not gonna play anymore
What the hell is that?
And these people are nothing phases them. They're perfect for this town. I apologize. I'm the one that's out of place
You guys you're in the right place those days when we have no guy damn calls it off
That's perfect. That's a perfect reflection of what this town is all about you can do anything to this community
And they don't care they take it without so much as a whimper
Fixed elections. I mean you name it drugs all over the goddamn place kids getting killed on street corners
Don't bother us with these things you're too goddamn negative
Sorry
Mr
Sorry
Eight minutes after broadcasting whether it was Camilla Sonser Center, Wonder whatever the charity was
We used to get a nice check from the sales manager
The program director which we did get bluff. Thank you bluff. You're the only one the only person
At WQAIM who donated a dime to our charity so far is bluff Lindsay
Does that tell you what you need to know about this place? Uh-huh
And how involved we are in this radio station? Uh-huh. I mean we I don't care what we said in that meeting on Friday
And by the way, I wish I had on tape we'd get a 90 share we just put it on a whammy
I wish I had that meeting on tape not the part with me and the Greg Reed the part with normal Kent
I
I just want to tell all of you out there including people who hate me like Poison maybe the feeling is mutual
I wouldn't wish Norma can't on any of you okay
Here is a man the worst thing that ever happened to this guy is that he had a few uh
In those shows on FTL and we really think he was in radio
He thinks he was a broadcast. I've been telling him over and over again
You weren't even close to being on radio
FTL was to radio what whammy is to television. It's not even on the edge, okay
It's not even in the same league. It's not in the same business. It's not in the same vocabulary
It's way on the outside looking in
And we're talking about the situation with a hurricane for example and about how the station is ill prepared to cover like the unnatural
Disasters hurricanes wars, etc
And maybe the way we ought to approach that
And Norma to give you one of his classic lines says we can all like hanker come on here and say there's a high fly ball
The right field is back by and the wind is blowing it's uh because we got the hurricane coming
You
Part is he's serious
I said norm
Shut up
In fact if I could tell you how many times I said that during that meeting see one good thing is that I never hear from him
Unless I call him like remember you gave me that message you have the day from somebody who's interested in
Sinocheting our show and I gave it right to him that was on Friday when he was here if I heard from him since no
I hear from him unless I call him first and I'm gonna chase him down a waste my time anymore. No, of course not
He is perfect for this town. He fits in here like a glove
Just don't do it like Nancy Reagan would say it kind of like us take off on it no matter what it is fill in the blank just don't do it
And it won't get done and everybody'll say okay fine
We have an open line in date count the high fly ball to right field it's going and the wind takes hold of it and it's hurricane
Fill in the blanket and that's how hanker cover the hurricane
Okay
He was serious
Okay, we're two of Miami. Hello
Up to me. I don't know. Okay, sir. Up to me. I saw a report. I can't believe they actually paid Mike Piazza 91 million dollars
Why not I can't believe it why not when you got Mark McWire semi-sosa they did a story on them can take up a collection
I mean Tiger always has no crap. Mm-hmm. I mean it's I think it probably has a crap every now and then
Take a shake like it's coming down here for real. That's what it says oh wow
Maybe 20 locations by next summer. Well, maybe we get calls junior two all right
Hey, they bought out hearty so we can get that we can get those ebonyk burgers, baby. All right, baby
E. coli burgers. Yeah, okay, have a great day. Get out here
We have an open line two of mintade County boy. I keep burning myself on these goddamn matches
I'm pretty sorry. I'm not gonna have no fingers left five six seven oh five sixty see that's God punishing you mr
For smoke and those goddamn cigars those stogies and
And pond five sixty on the 18t wireless line. Here's a bokeh. Hello
Neil yes, sir, and I respond to what you said about the Panthers earlier this morning. Uh-huh
Um, this isn't one of our chronics is it no, oh I'm in bokeh
um
Ray Whitney was on there with Guilty between period the other night of the Vancouver Gambia. Yeah, and
I don't know what what did they end up paying Ray Whitney?
One practice every game he gives 200 percent
He's a you know because he's been put in a position being a little guy
He has to try twice as hard as the bigger guys in order to make it because he thought his career was over when Edmond
And cut him and then we picked him up and he had the opportunity made the most of it and keep in mind
Keep in mind that Ray Whitney accomplished what he'd last year on a crappy team
I mean, it's one thing to get those statistics on a hell of a team like stew barns did plan with you know
Francis and yogurt, but when you accomplish it on a team where nobody else is doing much of anything
He was like a one-man offensive show for us on the team that stunk and he still is right
Well, he can't do it on a bench and he certainly can't do it on a fourth line play with Peter or Ellen dwayne
Hey, no to me ray Whitney's the bench forechecker. We have on the team
I see the punch was you could have seen the two games that he played against the Leaf Saturday and last night
Marty struck a he and he's on the number one line. Isn't it interesting?
Yarmour yoghurt who played great last night with stew barns and Marty struck a that's the number one line for the penguins in their play
I'm pretty then good. Yeah, but Marty struck Chris Wells you got confused
Chris Wells who hasn't played a game for this team since March 26th who's injured every day
And who even when he wasn't injured before he got hurt was sitting in the stands in a suit every night
And we'd rather have him than Doug Wade. I mean these guys
I'm gonna tell you, Brian Marie and Terry Marie were in a real hockey town doing the things that they've been doing last couple of years
They'd have been out of town on a rail. I'm telling you which is why they have been no not raised out of town
Everywhere they've been you know Ray Whitney and a couple of these new kids other than that
There's really you're right. There's nobody to watch offensively because there's nothing going on
We'll cover spokesman to get his finger out of it. Okay, we'll do it. Shea the spokesman. I you know something
I'm glad I didn't throw those buttons away
In fact, I still have that cardboard sign in my card says you know no BM. We're gonna have to get one that says no TM too
Because these guys are determined that they're gonna be they're gonna show what these guys they're gonna get
If you're gonna send a message to somebody don't do it by mentioning the guys with the best players on the team do it by
Bention the guys who are sticking the joint out
Stick Robby Neeter why is that you'll get a standing ovation if you have the guts to let Terry Marie
But you don't have the balls to do it stick his ass on a bench and don't tell me how great he played against the caps on Friday
Okay, one game don't make a career one assist one easy pass to a guy wide open in front of the net
Doesn't make a guy damn case for a guy that's getting two and a half million dollars a year
And isn't it interesting how they gave that niggeredly amount to Ray Whitney and they practically took him right down to arbitration
And then like two or three days before and the only reason the only reason that they settled and made that deal with him before
And arbitration is that caused the days before that mark reky and pierre turjango those gigantic record breaking settlement
Oh awarded by the arbitrators and they were peeing in their pants
That Whitney might get two three million dollars a year if they went to arbitration. So they said okay, we'll do this
And for my opinion Whitney's agent knuckled under two we took two little money
But let's punish the guys who were working for two little and who are working their guts out us
Let's punish them and try to make an example out of them and the guys who are making the most money on the things
We don't do a squat out there. Let's reward them by playing them put the stick in them out there over it over it over again
I'm telling you better be prepared for Thursday and Friday because after tomorrow night. I'm gonna be so horse
I'm gonna be a horse with uh, I got covered
With the name we have an open line and date one and brown
Here's Davie hello
Davie feel yes sir. Hey, how are you okay? Uh, if there's a lot of you mentioned something about hurricane
It's funny. I was watching
Do it 180 around oh, yeah, that's right channel four in channel seven
I stopped a little bit a little brain last night. He's on air. He's got his suit on
He's all right. He looks like John glenny looks like he's getting ready to take off in the space shuttle and he don't need a shuttle
But at any rate, yeah, he's hyperventling. They're getting ready for it to do a big twist in a turn
That's a really not cool. Yeah, I'd like to answer the old guy that's counting how many black school bus drivers there are. Yeah
There are zero assholes all school buses are yellow
But uh never thought about that's right
Anyway, what about those Chinese? I got to go judge Joe bros coming up. Okay, see you
Oh
We have an open line indeed one and broward five six seven oh five six to the pound five six to the on the eight
That's the kind of people we have in this town are people sitting around looking out the window counting the number of
black school bus drivers
Does that tell you all you need to know about this town? Yeah, you'll bet your sweet fat ass it does
people with no lives. That's why there's no passion here. Whoever
hurt a dead people have in passion. There's no emotion. There's no
feeling. There's no outrage. There's no anything. There's no
good passion. There's no bad passion. There's no even mediocre
lukewarm passion. And I said here, air be gods and they have
my life screaming and puking and yelling. And I hear often
that, you know, the response like screaming into a god damn
tunnel and you hear like in a back. Yeah, that's it. That's
what you get back. That's the echo. Man, QA. The media
system needs help badly. 560 WQM boy. Is this phone smoking
or what? No. Open line and Broward all three and dead again.
I guess everybody had decided to take some time off and go out
and start counting school bus drivers. Yeah, let's take a poll
on that. What do you think? Let's go out there in a corner,
standing on the corner, watching all the school bus drivers go
by and taking notes. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T
wireless line. Here's Coral Springs. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes,
sir. How you doing, buddy? Okay. How do we look for the
buses that there are the cops in every corner hiding behind
the bush? Yeah. Yeah. So a rocha toy don't annoy on the
goi. The pants just go all the way and the Murphy suck. Okay,
we have that that's that was our hockey call right there.
The Murphy suck. Okay, Brian Murphy and Terry Murphy or
I guess who that is talking about. I'm not talking about
Gordy is yet. I don't think so. There's one of our see,
that's why you can't discuss anything in this time because
nobody knows what you're talking about. They have all those
people that show up and I keep asking that question. I really
don't know why. Two open lines into the lady mobile in West
Palm Beach. Hello. Lady mobile in West Palm Beach. Long gone.
Okay, like I said.
Goes over time to go home. We'll see you.
Welcome to Miami. All you turn this out there. The average
average person driver out there. They've been dead for at least 10
years. Nobody told him.
I mean, this is this is just unbelievable. It really is. 5 6 7 0 5 6
D are you following me? Am I giving these numbers too fast? Is
that the problem? 5 6 7 0 5 6 D. Palm 5 6 D on the AT&T
wireless line. I must be missing something. Oh, we're not
talking about John Glenn. Is he too old? Yeah, we already know
that. I keep every time I see John Glenn on TV. I get that
sound keeps coming into my mind. Just like that. I don't know
what that means. Here's West Palm Beach. Hello. Hey, Neil.
It's right. It's what?
It's me Mike. I'm West Palm Beach. I guess something to tell you.
I've been seeing on the television. You know, MCI commercial. Yeah.
When it has many in devil. We've been around in Michael Jordan.
Till them. Hey, you know, you pay too much. You could have used
MCI to the AT&T. Yeah. And these are the words that he says.
You know, but we know that it has many in devil. That's the
English. But he says, bag it. Mag it. Have you heard that? No,
I have not. Yes. See if you can get that. It's bag it. Magnet.
Must be talking about loose Taylor. Okay, let's tell our loose all
about it. Okay, two open lines in date 5 6 7 0 5 6 8 0 5 5 6
6 8 0 3 and day. Like I said, 72 open lines in date 5 6 7 0 5 6
8 0 5 6 8 on the AT&T wireless line. If even be as good as that last
color, then save it. Here's a mobile and point and V.
Chilo. I'm trying to hear about the pictures about the
lower on the internet. How about the one? There's pictures of
Dr. Laura on the internet. Yeah, somebody packs me that stuff and I
found it very boring. Oh, I got the. Laura's very boring. Who cares
about Dr. Laura? Yeah. Well, I know you talk about it once in a
while. So I just figured it be. You know, you might want to check it
out. No, I don't think so. Thank you. Okay, we have an open line at
Broward to a search. They're searching. They're reaching. They're
grasping. They sure don't want to talk about any of the stuff I talked
about. So another all searching and reaching. I thought that by
far the most simulating call we had was about the black school
bus drivers. Right? Let's hear it for that guy. You know,
something you guys thought that he was bad, but at least he called
that something I'll say for him. He may not have had much material,
but he had the courage of his own goddamn convictions and his
six X Y's. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hey, how you doing?
No, I probably we're doing okay there. For about an hour and a half
and all of a sudden we ran into a goddamn brick wall. Oh, well, I
can't. The thing with Whitney is really it's so annoying. Right,
you and I must be the only ones who care. There's nobody in that
whole crowd that shows up. Airby home game. Nobody else seems to
give a crap. They've got no opinion. I mean, he was the hardest
worker. He makes plays and guys like Kanye, Kanye is just about
five open necks. You two might have to sleep out there and they
take Whitney out. Yeah. Just. And then he's going to put it back
in on the significance of that. What is he going to accomplish
out there playing on a line with two goon? He's a playmaker. And
in a day with as you know, as anybody who knows about the game,
even a little bit, the fourth line plays very little during a game.
So how much ice time is he going to? Okay. Thanks. Thank you so
much. What do you say? He said shut sound like he said
something else. We have an open line and Broward to endate
of his line. Wow. If we had a run here or nerve here today, no,
sure haven't. Here's Miami. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. I was
fire report for you. Yeah. I was passing by T. P. Park this
morning at 8.50. Yes. And there were like 200 buzzers.
Circling the air above the stadium. Yeah. Could imagine what
was happening. I thought that Mr. Heising had expired because of
the 50 million judgment. But what it was is that the parking lots
there had garbage. A mile high. Oh my God. Yeah. And the buzzers
were just circling over that neighborhood. I can imagine that
the residents in the nearby community must be a gas. They must
be a gas. Yeah. Maybe this is Wayne's idea to get him all to
move out. Okay. We have an open line and Broward all of
day advice line. We were rolling along singing a song here
doing just fine and all of a sudden that was it. Somebody pulled
a goddamn plug on his audience today. Somebody pulled a guy
right out from underneath me. They pulled a goddamn magic
carpet right underneath my goddamn feet. Here's Coral
Springs. Hello. We take these fast. I can get out here by
noon. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Okay. Okay. That was kind of
interesting. The buzzers over P. P. Park. Yeah. It's funny
because I drove by P. P. Park this morning on the way to work
like I do every day. I didn't see no buzzers. I didn't see no
garbage. Maybe this guy had a bad dream. Maybe got into a bad
good bullet grits and it gave him the rimes with grits. Maybe
the buzzers were left over from that first half that they
played. Could be. But to get back to here. Yeah. Because I
go to Georgia every year for Thanksgiving dinner and kind of
about four days up there and yet they're very helpful. So it's
the restaurant that has good food. But you're drinking stuff
other than getting low. What do you mean they don't serve
alcohol? I can't think of any fast food places that serve
alcohol. Well, it's not what is that mean. I think any of the
they don't serve booze. Well, and that atmosphere was that
you have someone. Thank you. Okay, that's good. We have an
old love. It's here for Stake and Chase. They got no booze.
I'm serious. It's terrifying. It really scares the crap out
of me when I think about the fact that these people are out
there. We have an open line and Howard. All three lines in
brick wall. You want to know why? Because we started talking
about. Sorry. Never again. We'll never do that again. Okay.
You're off the hook, Terry Murray, because this is a time
where nobody cares because nobody knows. How the hell can you
have passion about something and feel excited or pissed off
or whatever when you don't even know what that's all about?
Man, oh, man, a chevets. It is just on effing believable.
No, it's not 21 to me. Oh, God. All right.
I'm a space. My life's loving you. If I were a car,
I'd be the good boy to. And what it's time to head south and
around. I want to go wherever living is for them.
I'm on that kid's mind. I'm on a hill where even we all can't
have fun like my writing from me. On those bones and
rails. I want to die. Oh, it's
right on. Oh, I want to die.
I want to spend my life loving you. If I were a car,
I'd be the good boy to. And what it's time to head south and
around. I want to go wherever living is for them. I want to
die. Oh, right. Oh, we're fine.
I want to die. I want to die.
And the best part of it is I'm on that hill.
I want to die. I want to die. I want to die.
I want to die. I want to die. I want to die.
John Levy, by the way, gave this to me. Was it you that
that woman calling up asking you that day? Yes. Where this came from and
where I got used to sing it at the clubs. I wasn't the voice that
recorded it. And John, 11, my former fat producer, who was
somewhat of a musician, myself, I see him, self is kind of like a
Jim Morrison junior, sort of only fat and ugly. But at any rate,
he's the one that gave that to me years ago. And as you heard,
the car that it was originally on very poorly erased and it adds
to the ambiance. I love it. It makes it what it is a piece of
We have two open lines and date five six seven oh five sixty
five sixty on the AT&T wireless line. Any interest today? No. Here's
Hollywood. Hello. Hollywood. Going once. Neil. Yes, sir.
I'm kind of about proposition nine of the constitutional
revisions of the state. Have you read that? No, I have not. No, I
have not. It's got very strange wording about basic rights. Yeah.
And in parentheses, it has defines natural persons as female and
male alike. Yeah. Mean that they're taking away rights for they
could define natural persons as somebody that's been circumcised for
one thing. Well, they could define natural persons as somebody
that's a transsexual. Right. Or we could just forget about it.
Okay, we have an open line in Broward to and date five six seven oh five
sixty and pound five six the on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a
saga bay. Hello. Neil, didn't you say the other day our lady built
that chicken had to war last night? What about it?
Didn't all lady construct that? Yeah, it's a work of art. Uh-huh.
I thought last night it was the best thing. You're the one who was
watching the TV show last night. I always know you couldn't hear the
sound. The sound is pathetic. I used to be an audio engineer for broadcast
station. Yes. How could a TV station screw up something like that
and allow it to go? The night after night after night. And you know
something nobody cares. The people over there don't care. The
audience doesn't care. Nobody cares. My my crack attorney there
who's busy talking about high fly balls blow it in the wind. He won't
care. Yeah, how do you like that? Well, I'm telling you one thing I do
like because I'm asked one and I'll go and I'll go. Well, then you
want to be real happy. You know what do you sound like? You're such a
good mood. I want to thank you. We're going to have it on 24 hours at
APL. You're going to be just the pin in your pants. Okay, I have a
great day. He's happy. There's a happy camper. He's mashing it, man.
We have an open line in Broward to a second and third period on Friday
night in that coma game. And they were saying to me, tell me that
they were sitting down like toward the front and that there were a
bunch of people sitting behind him and a bunch of women especially. And
they were talking about everything but the game. And of course, I
realized it was a boring game. There wasn't much going on. It was
really bad game. But nevertheless, I thought to myself, is that
something new here? No, of course not. And excuse me for coming on here
and getting upset about something that nobody cares about. And
don't even know what the hell I'm talking about. Excuse me. I'm
very, very sorry. Aren't I? No. 5 6 7 O's line. We're going to get
all six of these lines live up right now in the next 30 seconds or
it's going to be two hours and 11 minutes for the joy. All right.
All right. I'm going to go. Come on. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go.
Just like Aaron for yellow. That's an easy nation line. We don't
need those lyrics just to make a lot of noise. That's it. Come on.
So working in any lines. We're going so far. No, nobody calls.
5 6 7 0 5 60. We've got 400 open lines a day. 200 and proud. I
will not refrain until we get air. We've got damn line on the
board. Smoking here today. All of us are not aware. They're
in the bag again. They're in the sack. It's the Jolene show.
It's interesting. Remember I told you the day was
repeating my contract about that bonus thing and it says in
there that I'm required to produce and prepare a four hour
radio show. It is nothing about talk show. It's a radio show.
And that's our band. It's all right. Where's
through? Let's hear it. Come on. Please. Your hair. Oh,
here. What he did. Nice. Here. Do Billy.
No. Any progress here in the town of the walking dead. No.
Because they play with my self. I love you. Any job.
You can't be. Coming.
In Georgia.
In Gain.
Okay, we got one more line to line up there. It's in
Dade County. Are you following these numbers now? 5 6 7 0 5 60.
And Pomp 5 60 on the AT&T line. We pay for the mobile calls.
It's free. Okay. Any takers yet? No.
With clean.
Domen off.
He can't be.
Oh, right.
We love you. We're mine.
We really. One more. That's all we need. One more.
This is the episode we'll want to catch one of those little human
bricks out there. See if it's like a real living and breathing
first that I lie. I'm looking to get the wrong. He's thinking about it.
His talk is all the way down with me. It might be a car.
I think we had to do a break now, don't you?
Here's a mobile in for a lot of deal. Hello.
Hey, Neil. How you doing? Okay, sir.
I just wanted to call. I was one of the guys that came up here.
The arena last week about the season.
And Sir, can I ask you this question? How come everybody can talk about the seats
are no good? No, no, no. No, no, no. No, no, no. No, wait a minute. Let me finish the
question and the scoreboard sucks and the shot clock and everybody's an
expert on what they don't like. But when it comes to talking about the game
and the team, nobody has anything to say. I know. I was going on. This is the
sixth goddamn year now. And they still got nothing to say.
I want to talk about Whitney, but I just was going to say I tried to call in
the next day and I couldn't get through because you said nobody came up to
destroy you. It was got a minus three and no points or how about Garfun
Law, who's used us? How about all so many guys on there that you'd sit down
before a guy whose your number one player. I can't
I can't. I can't. I can't or like a glass there to the end of the game.
And that was the LA game. That's right. And it's the stay another extra half an hour.
Break that that was brutal. Nice go on, Kurt. But now I think it could be
Neater Meyer and Joe Van Attec rolled into one. I mean, aren't you startled by
the a little bit different approach and maybe a new something from all this
past experience and so highly touted. And he turns out to be the same
both. It was his brother. Well, I think maybe his brother's fallen his
strength could be a person of Auntie. Uh huh.
I just I couldn't believe when he's that Whitney and Thvella.
It took the most consistent guy.
Vaila by far the best defenseman on his team who's also a guy that can you know
One of our leading scorers can stick to fucking the net. Well, but look how much better they play they got a tie
Whoopee do me that's pretty exciting?
They need like last year we got a lot of little pies too. So we started losing every game
Yeah, and they don't show me anything this year and the two guys that they these are never losing
They're never knows where the puck is
You see the guys they make a nice pass. Don't he doesn't even see it? Yeah, I don't know what the hell he's thinking
We have an open line at Browler's line
We got the brain crushed back again
Maybe they're gonna make sure that we have a real long disgusting season is what they're gonna do the brain
Crushed is back. I told you see you can't make an idiot into a genius
You can't make a loser into a winner. You can't make somebody who likes screw this last year all of a sudden is gonna get bright this year
But hey nobody cares. So what shall I get excited about it?
Plus I can go there tomorrow and scream my brains out and I will I'm gonna be so goddamn loud. I might get kicked out of there tomorrow night
Here's a mobile in the four-letter day. Hello
Nail yes, sir in regards to your criticism of the oh, you know who that is don't you by the way
Chronic but he's there today. Thank you so much sir
five years for the dolphins right out of my own pocket and
Guess what I get free tickets to the offences here and give him away
How do you like that? I bet that breaks your heart. Don't answer
Okay, it's not a question of pain. It's a question to know what that you're going to see
That's the question anybody can get said fact that was that is that a compliment
And how about the 10,000 empty seats for the Rams game a week ago Sunday. How about those pal?
I'm starting to get a whole different idea and I salute the people that are gonna get their rape and pay to see crap
We have an open line offense because all they could talk about is college sports
Turn on the morning show and in between the couple of comments about Whitney and about Timur in between that all
They're talking about his gators again and the seminal of give me a frickin break
And by the way my imitation of Dave Lamont last night if I say so myself on whammy was outstanding
That was great nice going Nail. Of course nobody could hear it
5 6 7 0 5 60 5 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line
That's right. I'm the bad guy blame me sir
Do your usual every day of your life to get out of your system just like a good
Al movement just unload on me pal. Go right ahead be my guest. I'm the bad guy
Hey, if you now as usual, I bet you my friend
To refrain or stop from smoking
While the program is on
I
Like to play the heat
But unlike your
Don't expect to be seen by
I take the stage I am a rage or I like to sing and when I'm done
Those red dot baves want to be doing the world thing
Oh
I like to play this hinder down in the bottom at the height and like your actual walls when Muslims go there
For you guys I
Want to smoke or chase the bans around the farm. I am what bad mood when I pick up and play you my
Oh
My god
Bness
Come with me, you! Come here, just notes for you!
One, me!
Blaze it up!
Look what the monsters of Mahatma do earth coming to your tells you.
All right!
We love you, Pantser!
So yes we do!
The way you stand, score, and follow through!
You'll have your family cut, it's true!
Oh!
I'll remember, we love you!
We love you, memory!
You're very fast!
You made this season!
We're all the right!
I'll be sure to guide you to Hollywood!
We'd rather die than talk to him!
I'd marry Ferry!
We'd rather die a nasty, miserable, horrendous, grotesque,
a master-pistag death, and speak to Andy Hollywood and Miss Ferry!
We love you, Menzie!
Oh yes we do!
The way you be, Ray Ford, and Rantford too!
And that sharp, and it goes, what's cool?
We'll make it, we love you!
For our penwork so easy to learn,
Because they play with my best heart!
We love you, Eddie Joe!
There can't be me!
And when you've scored in line, in game three,
The hall of renaissance, with Glee,
Jorvanovsky, Kathy B.
I love you, Peter Mayne!
By the way, please, I call before screaming and hearing on.
I gave ten grand of the set of one campaign to give off the ground.
How much did you give, sir?
I'd rather get my money into a charity that can use the money
as a host of stuff up big in here,
But don't need it!
I'm gonna appreciate it!
I love you, Peter Mayne!
Sure we do!
Here's a mobile and homestead, hello!
Mobile and homestead!
Hello!
Yes, sir!
Yeah, I want to talk to the boss man!
You're talking to him?
Listen, I'm on my way back to Georgia from homestead!
Yeah?
I'll let him go to Newman!
Yeah?
We had one of the greatest high school football players I ever saw play there.
What Georgia Tech under Bill Lewis?
They'll try to play in about sixteen different positions to take advantage of his speed, his arm,
his whatever, his Derek Steegal.
And he got hurt three years at Tech.
It'll really blast him in there.
Sir, why are you telling me this? What does this mean?
Derek Steegal?
I had a walk away from what a free agent with a dog and a bus.
What a pisseder so easy to love!
I said wrong statement, but you made a bad mistake.
I love you, be good.
Oh, yes we do.
With your stock in hand.
Okay, 5.67, this is our last call otherwise it's Joel in from about ten after twelve till noon.
Till I mean till, till noon tomorrow.
What's wrong with that?
How can you say they are?
5.670560, pound 5.60 on a mobile one line.
I mean, how can this man, how can this man possibly be listening to this radio show and calling here
and start telling me about some five year old kid that played in Anefree, Georgia and got lost in the woods up there
while they were filming deliverance and had lunch with Bert Reynolds.
What is this man talking about?
I was expecting to say that corn sure is special.
Man, oh man alive.
What you mean talking about sir and by the way, Florida, get out of this state.
We got enough of your kind here already.
Get out of here.
5.6705, fine.
Let's go to steak and chicken, wait for them to open the doors.
Here's Miami Lake, hello.
Hey, Neo, how are you?
Okay, sir.
I was speaking to a friend of mine from Hollywood yesterday and he had mentioned something that he heard in your show regarding her.
So?
I just wanted to share that with you.
Well, what do you mean he mentioned it?
In other words, you haven't heard it?
No, I've never heard it.
Chronic, Chronic Holyo, you haven't heard it?
I'm not a Chronic Holyo, I'm the first time caller.
Yeah, sure, likely story.
Chronic.
So in other words, you're complaining about something you haven't even heard?
Well, he told me about it.
He told you about it.
So what does that mean?
So you hear something segment and you're calling me power.
He's a what?
He's a whitey from power.
Meaning what?
That's, that's, he's a chronic.
He listens to you.
Yeah, and?
Well, he told me that was tasty.
Okay, blow it out your ass.
That's one of the Chronic Holyo's.
Get him out of here.
Taste this.
Open line and Broward, all of date five, six, seven, oh five, six, eight line.
It was tasteless.
How do you like that?
In fact, it was so tasteless we may have to play it again because this guy's just Jones in for it evidently.
Coming soon.
Obviously WQM, you're right, it was tasteless.
Okay, but will we play it again?
Uh-huh.
Over and over again?
Good.
In fact, we're going to alternate Joe Lin and that all between, uh, profit, seriously, between 1215 and two.
They were going to go back to back over and over again just because this guy's getting off he's squeezing it here in it.
Hey, Hollywood, Seminole Gaming has got to go.
You're trying to fight me.
What a, what a, you're one year.
Wow.
Take this one call. It's the last one we got.
Here's a mobile in Tamarack. Hello.
Hey Neil, how are you today?
Okay, sir.
Uh, two questions.
Well, one question in a statement.
The first one, you, I was a guy that called you to ask you about what kind of tranquilizes you were giving your little dog.
Yeah.
Did you ever check and see what the name of it was?
No, I did not because like I told you that.
Well, you're calling me back to ask what kind of tranquilizes I'm going to like.
No, I'm not.
Any veterinarian is going to give you tranquilizes for your little dog.
I'm not a veterinarian.
Okay.
And the second thing is, is I've been, I've been driving on the turnpike and I just want to report to you.
I've gone by three school buses.
Yeah.
Two black people, one black person and the fourth one was a gray-hound bus.
I couldn't tell who it was because the windows were so tinted.
All right.
Now you're getting a little warmer.
Thank you so much.
You're now he's getting on a bad wagon.
Let's hear it.
Oh!
Okay.
We're waiting.
I'll sit back in a chair and wait.
Okay.
In fact, let me, yeah, this is good.
Let me just pull this thing back.
Oh, geez.
This thing don't work too good.
Like everything else around here don't work too good.
This whole disc full of weed tins.
That's right.
We can play weed tunes.
In fact, let's take a poll.
What kind of music you want to hear between now and two?
This audience they don't want to talk today.
That's all right.
This has been Syndrome for the last few weeks down.
This whole radio station.
You know, they're not fooling me.
Every now and then they do like Thursday.
There'll be a lot of calls.
What's your beef?
They're giving away a bunch of crap.
And people make up all these crazy wild stories.
They try to win something for free.
And guess what, by the way, we're not giving away anything more on this show.
We try like it every weekend.
No free tickets.
No free CDs.
No free anything.
No free lunch.
We try to think it's a mammoth improvement, by the way.
I'm enjoying it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the mobile.
Right.
Likely story.
Open line in day one and brown.
Now, in 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
Guess what?
It ain't going to get on the air.
This time, next time, 250 times from now, next circus, 70 years from Mishivos.
Ain't going to get on the air.
Okay.
So get a goddamn life.
Find a goddamn good psychiatrist.
In fact, that's what we can use in this town is group therapy.
That's what we need.
Because if there's any place in the world that could take the joy out of living,
this is the place.
Here's Water Day Lakes.
Hello.
Hello, Uncle Neil.
Yes, sir.
Where is time, Carla?
All right.
I know you love sports a lot.
No, not really.
Okay, but you know a lot about it.
And I'd like to ask you your opinion, not a trivia question.
Uh-huh.
There are many, many baseball records and many, many different categories.
Okay, let's go to a mobile in cross-spring.
Hello.
Okay, gone.
Here's Miami Lakes.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Between jet-boosh and the other alternative.
I don't know where it's staying with jet-boosh.
Yeah, okay.
Well, let's go.
I'm happy for you.
Two open lines a day to a brower.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
There's a guy that likes boys.
Okay, that's a big deal.
And the POM 560 on a mobile one line.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'm not calling for any free tickets, but remember about four years ago you were visiting the Italy Alliance?
Yeah.
I heard the reason why, because what...
Okay, whatever you say, pal, you were four years ago I was visiting Italy and you heard the reason why I was, because I wanted to do it with the Pope.
That's right.
Okay, whatever you say.
Two open lines a day to a brower.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
POM 560.
See, this is payback for Friday night.
I made the mistake of coming on here yesterday and saying, what a trip, what a relay.
It was interesting.
I'm sitting there in the arena Friday night in the Macarena during a horrible game.
I get this big old vision because they got my push up there and it actually made me feel good about being here for about two days.
And now I come in here this...
Today, we have about an hour and a half of a radio show.
I'm talking, they're talking like, what it's supposed to be all about.
And then all of a sudden it's like, hey, that's it, baby.
We're pulling the plug and now Erbie Coll is going to be an asshole.
And now we're going to keep as much of views on you as you'll take, which by the way the answer is none.
The big O.
That's it.
Let's heap a view on this son of a bitch.
Now because he was actually feeling pretty good about life there for a couple of days.
So now let's just bad mouth him and make him try to feel like about two inches tall.
I got two inches, okay?
And it works.
Here's a lady in Miami. Hello.
Lady in Miami.
Hi.
Yes, ma'am.
Yeah, I was just calling my boyfriend with telling me about this little clip you got on there with the Irishman.
I was wondering, could you play it?
No, ma'am. We're not doing all the requests Tuesday. Sorry, sweetheart.
Our tour call, we're asking for calls from people who have something to say about any goddamn thing in the world.
Anything to say about anything.
Anything.
How do you like that?
And she's calling me because your boyfriend said this and the other one, his boyfriend told him about the Chris Rea.
Was in a wheelchair.
It is that in bad taste and Superman that is reacted like a capon and whatever it was, what a chicken crafting that was to say.
What a what a town.
What an audience.
What a bunch.
Just unbelievable.
Open line in Dave County.
Come on. Let's go.
You can do it. Say something about anything.
Okay. About the world.
About the goddamn state of the universe.
5 6 7 0 5 60.
5 6.
Now I do four out of five days here on this station scream and holler and carry on.
Does anybody care?
And the answer is no.
Resounding.
No.
You won't make us give a crap no matter what it is, mister.
Okay.
Here's for Lauderdale.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Where did you get back on the air?
I just moved back from Los Angeles.
I hear your voice flipping through the air and looking for sports.
Likely stirring.
Huh?
I don't believe it.
Where did you get back on the air?
10 months ago, sir.
Jesus.
Because I was out there for about a year and a half.
I got nobody decent out there.
Yeah.
I got a million of one rock and roll stages.
I come back here.
We got one left and we had one left.
Yeah.
What?
So you're on back on the air?
What's it giving you now?
Meaning what?
What would it be?
What?
Is it any of my business?
What they're paying you?
Of course it's not anybody's business.
I'm going to talk about how much I'm making.
So there's no arena that works going to?
No.
No.
No, I'd stay home.
Get out of here.
Go back where you came from.
Two open lines in Broward.
Five in me.
Do you believe this guy?
Does anybody believe that?
No.
Of course not.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pound 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
Evidently, weren't paying him enough on a West Coast because he came back here.
Anybody in their right mind go to the West Coast to come back here?
No.
Give me a break.
Here's a mobile and crawl spring.
Hello?
Yeah.
Mobile and crawl springs, yes, sir.
Yeah, I'm going to see them take it hold for the team's right?
Yes.
I got phone call from the Marlins today.
They want me to renew.
Yeah.
I gave up the tickets last year and they told me I wouldn't lose my priority seating or anything.
So I asked them if the team had been sold.
Yeah.
Anyway.
And?
And, yeah, I'm just fed up with them.
You know, I'm waiting for the deal to go through.
Why would you, well, what do you mean you're waiting for the sale to go through and then what's going to happen?
I'm willing to give Henry a chance.
I'll convey to the Salt says, high single will continue to run the Marlins before owners approve the sale.
Although, although, although sir, can I finish?
Although Henry wanted to consider lowering ticket prices, the team's front office is not consulted on the issue.
They'll instead follow directives of high Zenga and Rick Rochon, which means they're not lowering the ticket prices.
And we ain't still going to have his finger in it for who knows how long.
Okay, real quick on the arena.
Yeah.
And what about the team, sir?
I just, I just thought it was not going to be the home is the most disappointing thing you could imagine.
Okay, thank you.
Okay, we have an open line in Broward.
Five six, five six, seven, oh five, 60.
Pound five, 60 on the mobile one line.
I can't possibly be here.
I'm going to pinch myself.
I'm going to pinch myself so hard.
No, seriously, then I'm going to bleed.
I'm going to pop a gun.
I'm going to pop a gasket.
Pop has got a brand new gasket, a Tisca the Tasket.
Let's see your basket.
I mean, I'm just going to pinch it so hard and they are skinned to.
I mean, how is it possible that there are so many people, 18,000 people together in one building?
Are they seeing anything?
No.
Are they perceiving anything?
No.
Are they just by osmosis?
Is anything rubbing off on them?
No.
Besides the smoke from out in the hallway.
Boy, this is a scary, scary, fucking place.
I almost said it.
Here's Pemberpine.
Hello.
Oh, boy.
Yes?
Neil.
Yes.
First time caller, long time listener.
Okay.
But I got a, I got a Ricky one this morning, buddy.
Yeah.
What's with the spot on, um...
Okay.
Open line in, uh, day five, six, nothing to say.
But I got a Ricky one this morning.
Well, thought I'd just save it, okay, pal?
Save the energy.
See, that's one thing that they'll do.
They'll make all the energy in the world if they can take a cheap shot.
If I can rip you one, okay?
Rip this.
Thank you.
Oh, God.
Here's the North Miami Beach.
Hello.
North Miami Beach.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Last week I was in the Lincoln Road Mall.
Yes.
Suddenly I hear some, uh, Harry Krishna music.
Yeah.
Drums and bells and all that stuff.
Yeah.
Suddenly I pulled the smiling guy with orange.
Just start giving away, whammy business card.
The whammy TV business card.
Yeah.
Is that a new marketing plan of...
No, no, that was probably, uh, Maddie looking for a job.
Yeah.
Yeah, the job, but that was funny.
That the Krishna guy stopped giving away whammy, uh...
No, no, the bald headed geek.
That's Maddie.
That's some Maddie lesson.
That's why he's giving out his...
Sure, absolutely.
That's why he's giving out his business card.
Not a Harry Krishna, he's just a bald headed geek.
Believe it or not.
Okay, pal, good luck to you.
Don't, uh, don't harm whatever you do.
Unless you wanted his really spy.
We have an open list when Nenyaah, who is up there with, uh, Yasser Arafart,
and all those other goyem.
And, you know, even he made a cross to comment about Maddie lesson.
I couldn't believe it.
Right there in the White House.
Got a sitting ovation.
Five, six, seven, oh five, sis, warningly.
Okay, go right ahead.
Be my guest.
Rip me a big fat...
Reckham.
And it'll make you feel better.
Oh, yeah, see this, this, they made a bad mistake Friday.
They won't ever do that again.
They won't ever be doing that again.
Making this man feel like almost like somebody might like him out there.
Like somebody listens because we enjoy the show.
Not because we're a bunch of massacres, then we hate him like poison.
Which is what we usually like to keep the relationship on at level.
I should have known that something was up.
Crawl 25 at five eight eight eight.
Anybody have a heart or a liver?
Oh my god, Becky, look at his head.
It's like so big.
It looks like one of those alien guys has...
It's just so round.
My name is Robert and I like to dance.
I got a big hip and I wear short pants.
I got a mohawk and a ring through my nose.
I shopped in the kid section for my clothes because I'm a hip hop.
Legit.
Hip hop.
Legit.
Hip hop.
Legit.
Hip hop.
Legit.
Hip hop.
Legit.
Hip hop.
Legit.
Hip hop.
Legit.
You're sure?
12 30 at five sixty WQM are sent to one total.
By the way, we have a revised total.
All the estations reporting in now.
45,877 bucks.
That's as of 10 o'clock this morning.
Not bad.
Not great, but not bad.
For our first month, we got the November December to go.
And you go to your borders and pick up the best of the meal.
All the items one and two CD or cassette or both and they're great.
And you can also get your best in the L T shirt and the CDs and cassettes when we do our
appearance at the Ben and Jerry's in the Avenger Amal.
This Saturday noon to two Ben and Jerry's being right near the Rainforest Cafe between the
AMC theaters and blooming nails on the south side of the mall.
You got it?
No.
We'll draw you a diaphragm.
That's not bad about 46 ran, huh?
And we still have a week to go?
What?
Sorry, I just got an eyelash from my eye.
I'm distracted.
So in other words, you can't talk and pick your eyelash out of your eye at the same time.
You're like Greg Rees.
I think we should be doing better than that.
I would agree.
Considering 10 grand of that is mine and a couple of grand is money that my friend Ron from Philadelphia
gave 15 out of a box at the hockey game and another $50 check.
Of course, what's the big donation start pouring in from our friends here at QA&M?
Then we're going to go away over the top, right?
No, a little delayed reaction in the other room.
Here's a lady mobile in Boca.
Hello?
Hi.
Hi.
Yes, ma'am.
I'm calling from Boca Raton at a mobile phone.
Yes, ma'am.
I've been listening to you for years.
Well, here I am.
And it's lunchtime and I'm formally from Rochester, New York.
All right.
I would love a little dawn's wide go-hot and french fries.
Uh-huh.
I can't find it in Boca.
Not in Boca.
You've got to drive all the way down to Miami.
You've got to drive all the way down to Wayne Arnold's in Miami.
That'd be wonderful.
We have to go to see Breeze.
Uh-huh.
I love what you talk about, Mr. in all that area.
It's a great place to be from and talk about.
Yeah.
It's about.
Okay, get in the phone.
Get in the phone.
Thank you.
Well, she's from Rochester.
They don't have good cell phones in Rochester because they get, you know, the lilacs
interfere with the reception.
We have an open line and date one and Broward, 5667, 0560, 0560 on a mobile one line.
Let's talk about Rochester.
Want to talk about Don and Bob?
No.
About C.B.
No.
About Cobbs Hill.
No.
About Silver Stadium in the Red Wings.
No.
About the Rochester Amherst.
Oh, sorry.
That's talking about.
Oh, no.
Come on.
Let's talk about Depeux.
Let's talk about Dunkirk and Batavia and Leroy and Cheek to Waga.
Now you're talking.
Now you're getting warm.
Let's talk about Niagara Falls on the east side and on the west side.
Let's talk about St. Catharines Ontario and Hamilton.
Hey.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Neil, I am a first time caller and I've been listening to you recently.
You've got it listening to you recently.
You've got a great show.
George is also a great site kick you have there.
As far as all this politics goes, I just like to say everybody promises.
Nobody delivers votes for nobody.
Yeah.
And I just want to tell you you've got a great show and I love your spoofs.
Okay.
Thank you.
Have a great day.
I'll see you in Niagara Falls, pal.
Right in there.
I'll be the one in the barrel.
Two overlines a day.
Here they're on that goddamn phone.
You got stuck here.
Which had today they've been bap bap bap bap.
Who are all those goddamn people?
That was self-help.
What the hell does he want?
Who wants to know what he can do to help?
I think he can do to help one.
Bring us a lot of water.
So what do you want?
How to check?
Yeah.
Bring us a check.
Okay.
Very simple.
50 bucks, 100 bucks, 500 bucks, 1000 bucks.
Center one, two words, C-E-N-T-E-R.
Don't spell the Canadian like C-E-N-T-R-E.
We don't like that crap.
But we'll take it anyway.
Center one, two words.
That's all.
And see these CDs are so goddamn.
See this, Polone?
This business is bad.
You know, it's a fag.
It's gone up to two with fags.
And these idiots out there thinking because they help people with AIDS.
It's a fag charity.
Whether it's going to Camilo's house, center one, into my pocket.
Where would it help us go?
What no difference would it make?
Because we got the same stuff out that we've had in every goddamn year.
The only problem is we're trying to do it here in a vacuum.
And so what's 10 times as hard as it was on WIOD,
which even though we hated like poison,
nevertheless there was some continuity on that radio station.
Because there was more than one of us doing the same goddamn thing.
As opposed to here where we get our good friend,
whenever I wrote it down with a Susan, that's right, Susan.
You're losing Susan.
Caused in this morning.
Oh, I wouldn't listen to Hank.
And I sure wouldn't listen to a What's His Name.
I'm so evil.
I'm so vulgar.
I'm so disgusting.
They don't even want to mention my name.
The callers on the sports shows.
It's like the unspoken one, the unspeakable one.
What's his name?
I wouldn't listen to him.
But of course, he heard the rumors about the morning show
because she was so stupid.
She believed the crap about Reneerie.
She bought the, and where did she hear it?
Did she hear it on Hank show?
No.
Did she hear it on Eddie Kaplan show?
No.
Did she hear it on the dolphin game?
No.
She heard it on this goddamn show, right Susan?
You lying phony bitch, who's listening right now,
but doesn't know my name.
Wouldn't know Nia Rogers if I stepped out her out like a goddamn cockroach.
And I might, because it's the,
the fashionable thing to do on this radio station,
because this is the Jockstrap station.
This is the Faggot station, like Al Goldstein says.
We're all the guys hang around and take showers together.
That's right.
The Faggot station.
Here's for it, Myers.
Hello?
Uh, to New and Neil, I mean, deal with, go more stuff.
Okay.
Speaking of English, you're on a wrong coast for that.
Okay.
I thought I was one of those despicable Colombians for a second.
Just a second.
Yesterday, the book you were reading,
I'd like to get a copy of that.
I can't stand sports, and it sounded pretty good.
Could you just repeat the sentence?
It was called pros and cons.
The criminals who play in the NFL.
You might find interesting.
It goes along with that.
Yeah.
Two high school football stars here.
I got in a fight.
And one of them shot the other.
The white guy was shot by a black guy.
And they had a trial.
And actually, there was two black guys that crashed this white party.
And white people threatened the black people.
Yeah.
Anyway, the white people.
That's all I was shot there, right?
In the thigh.
The black star was a quiddit,
even though he had a gun with.
He meant admitted that discharging had gone in the city limits.
And so he's acquitted.
Now he's back on the football team,
and everybody's happy because he's going to be playing this game.
Right.
There you go.
Take all three of them and throw them in the colors of Hatchy River.
That's the reason.
I can't believe that.
Yeah.
I'm sorry.
Go ahead.
I just can't believe after my comments about the despicable Colombian people.
And not one of them called in to defend their miserable race down there.
It's really incredible.
That's good.
That's a good topic for us.
So we're going to invite all the Colombians to call in today.
Excellent.
I understand that George works something up on that.
And it would really be below me to provide to hear that.
So I'm not going to do it.
But thank you, Meteor.
Okay.
And back to you.
Okay.
Okay.
There's the guy who hates Colombians.
There's a post to me who loves Colombians.
We have two open lines in date.
5-steen, 05-60 on the mobile one line.
22-to-1 in brews at twos.
Let me take a few.
Okay.
We got the boogers.
Why do I waste my time?
Why do I waste my time?
One of the great books that you must read.
You should have it in your hand right now, Goddamnit, in the book too.
Every single one of you.
Have we had one report on that book today?
No.
Lost rights to destruction of American liberty.
Paperback for crying out loud.
James Bovard, VOV, and Chewredio.
That's what they're doing today.
That's what they're not calling it.
I'll read in the book.
Thank you.
Now I feel better.
They're reading the Goddamn book.
Just dummy up.
