Sport Traidio 560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers Show.
Okay.
What's the Neil called 5600560 toll free for date and
browered or pound 560 on your cell phone?
Okay.
The opinions of Neil, his guests, callers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily
reflect those of WQAM easily read acquisitions or the easily broadcast
list.
Neil Rogers on Sport Traidio 560 QAM.
It's Friday, you bastard.
Starting from husband to run the time of her thighs, we get a little bit more
to taste, just a little tight, then you make the move, then you feel all right, and then
you're swaying around and swaying around from left to right.
It's Friday, you're swaying around and swaying around from left to right.
Sport Traidio 560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers Show.
For her in position for the full-up hat or equal thigh hurt ears as you put her legs back
now she's ready to go time to give her a stab.
That's what I call falling up, bro.
Starting from husband to run the time of her thighs, we get a little bit more to taste,
we get a little tight, then you make the move, then you feel all right.
And then you're swaying around and swaying around from left to right.
Sport Traidio 560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the full-up hat or equal thigh hurt ears as you put your legs back.
Now she's ready to go time to give her a stab.
And that's what I call falling up, bro.
Starting from husband to run the time of her thighs, we get a little tight, then you're hit.
I don't want it 560 WQAM happy Friday today from all your pizons over here.
Do we have any pizons over here?
No, but at any rate.
So we had quite a big day yesterday over there in Plantation University in Barrett Boulevard fundraising.
Then we raised I think 1,200 bucks is what I'm hearing the rumor is,
because there were people showed up after we got off the year.
1,200 bucks sounds pretty outstanding to me, but then I come in this morning expecting a mountain of mail.
I'm expecting boxes and boxes of mail.
This way I have to like, out for the contest on the hallway there.
For thousands and thousands and thousands of letters to try to win a truck.
How many letters did I have this morning, by the way?
Less than 2 more than 0.
1. Thank you, Flo. It was a check from Flo in Miami for 100 bucks.
At least it was an ice bag check there.
But I'm just convincing myself that most of these bachelors out there are not going to donate anything to anybody,
unless they get something in return.
So we're going to be doing the QAM van at various parts around town every day from not only the end of the year
to try to reach around a thousand percent of one.
Today in Kendall, somewhere or somehow, which we'll find out and let you know what happens.
Some more knows, dig those.
When I'm talking about the impeachment hearings, of course, we're talking about the most important thing going on.
Our link with America's Innocence of the Past, Joe Damesio.
This, you know, something this is just astonishing.
Every, in fact, when they show, they had the impeachment hearings going yesterday afternoon,
of course, like around the clock practically now on CNN.
And you know how they show the crawl underneath with other news stories that in other words,
there might actually be something else going on in the world.
And every time they show those little stories,
here would be another update on Jolten Joe.
So I think Joe Costello may have been hit right on the head of the day when he said that
the Jody is a hell of a lot more important than almost anybody else we can think of,
because he is, after all, more or more so than Mrs. Robinson or Simon and Garfunkel.
Our link to America's Innocence, the only remaining link.
He's the missing link.
In fact, if you look at Joe Damesio, every time I've ever seen him,
with a kind of like pushed in grotesque nose of his,
I always think that by itself, well, he looks like the missing link.
You know what I'm talking about?
Yeah, that's the kind of...
But anyway, so we got an update today, because what is life worth without an update on Joe Damesio?
You know what I'm talking about?
Do you understand?
No.
I'll get with it.
The Maggio's lungs drained.
Doctors treated a persistent infection in Joe Damesio's lungs on Thursday,
hoping to relieve congestion that grew worse overnight and clouded his overall health picture once again.
Clouded his overall health picture, you're following those words, listening carefully.
Still, despite a low-grade fever and the increased congestion,
the Maggio was in stable condition in Hollywood's Memorial Regional Hospital after the procedure,
and his blood pressure, heart, and kidneys were performing well, his doctor said.
They don't know about any bowel movements, but that'll be coming in the next bullet.
It's not necessarily a turn for the worst, but it clearly would be better if he didn't have this
and Dr. Earl Barron, who has treated the Maggio for years, five years.
Doctors drained the infected material from the Maggio's lungs,
a procedure that helped him rally Monday after he was described as near death.
Near death, but they drained him?
And now it's a little bit better.
I was just informed that information is dated.
He has flipped back into a coma, according to Joe Castella.
Oh my God.
How come Joe Castella called you and didn't just interrupt me on the air?
Maybe he's shy, I don't know.
Did I intimidate him the other day when I said that he was starting to talk just a little bit too much?
Did I, uh, uh, okay, good.
No, seriously, so in other words, this is dated.
Okay, there's an update for you right here on your Joe Castella's death wash station for the 90s.
Oh!
The QAM.
He has flipped back into a coma.
What a surprise.
Like I said, I mean, I don't, I don't want to sound like some kind of sadistic bastard,
but the fact is the guys in bad health, and you know something all of your kids out there.
How come they're not using this?
Like when Mickey Mantle died.
Okay?
Mickey Mantle died.
Serocious to the liver.
They went and found him liver with bacon, nungens, and denies, and the dizziness worked out.
But the fact is that he talked a lot about boozing and being a big booze hound came in Billy Martin and Whitey Ford,
but especially Mickey Mantle, boozing and boozing and boozing and boozing,
Serocious to the liver, he's dead.
Prematurely dead.
Now Joe to Massey was 84 years old, but the one thing that he did do, I held up a lot, was smoke.
He smoked a lot.
A lot of those faggots.
A lot of those cancer sticks, boys and girls.
If you want to be dead like Joe to Massey, the only difference being though he's 84 years old.
So is that the message that if you smoke a lot of cigarettes, you're going to want it to look to be 84?
Uh-huh.
That the message?
Okay, there you go.
Just call me the Marlboro man.
No, seriously, I mean he's a villain, so he lost the lung.
He had cancer, so the surprise that a guy who was change smoking cigarettes for about 100 years lost the lung?
No.
That's not a surprise.
And with the Greg Cotex likes it or not?
I mean, I mean, even George Burns died.
Did you know that?
George Burns died.
I know he was.
Yeah.
And let me tell you one other thing, by the way.
I didn't see the movie.
Thank God.
But you know who was in that movie with George Burns?
John Denver.
John Denver, very good.
And guess what?
He died too.
How do you like that?
Oh.
It's an epidemic man.
And of course the good god up there in heaven who gave mankind this very, very relatively short lifespan.
Although it is longer than like a hummingbird I guess.
Longer than an insect.
But really not not all that long when you come right down with the better make hey while the sun shines, okay?
The good lord up there in the sky.
He looking down and saying, okay, that's enough for you George.
Burns because you know he works in mysterious ways.
And when your time has come the Lord sticks his little finger in your rectum and that's it.
It calls you a big calling.
It's time for judgment day.
We know Joe, Joe, Joe, Joe, the Jolton Joe.
He's going to be up there at the Pearl and Gates in baseball heaven, right?
There you go.
He's going to be up there with Lou Garaget, Babe Ruth and maybe some other great dead baseball players.
Come on quick.
Ty Cobb.
How about two other, how about four, five hundred other great dead baseball players?
Now do they have like a separate division in heaven?
Well, seriously, like the football players go to one like a football heaven into the baseball.
I just want to check out or like all the dead jocks go to the same heaven.
Very important topic that maybe some of you can straighten out for us here today.
Because the by the way here should committee vote to impeach Clinton.
34% of the Americans say yes and 63% say no.
How do you like that?
This is this is as of late last night.
CNN's late is pulled.
Even after all these shenanigans, all these articles of impeachment that have been drafted,
these four articles of bull crap.
And after these, I mean, this is this is a rabid feeding frenzy by a bunch of lunatics is what it is.
There is no partisanship.
There is no nothing.
All it is is just a partisan right wing nut.
What have we learned in the last two weeks?
Have we learned anything new?
No.
Two weeks ago they were all saying, oh, well, you know, that election, some message,
we got to get as over as fast as possible.
How do we get out of this thing?
Let us censure, get it over, and let us move on.
Is there anything but new information that has come to us in the last two weeks?
No.
But all of a sudden they just decided, well, you know, we were too crazy about those 81 answers to the 81 questions.
So screw him.
And let's object to God damn country.
And that wester guy from Florida who is great by the way, that the democrat wester made a very impassioned as he always does.
He's a wild man.
And he's absolutely right.
Now we're going to tie the whole guy to him country up for probably the next year in Peach, Metrile and the Senate.
So just this red quest can stand over Lucy and Goldberg and the what's your name?
Linda Trip.
The measure is temperature set up to 102 overnight.
It's up and down.
He said Joe is up and down, mostly down.
He said I got to the side in a hospital in Florida.
Oh, oh, oh.
Demagia 13 American MVP Awards, American League MVP Awards while leading the Yankees to nine world titles between the...
And I think 51.
I'll pay you down the condition of Joe Demagia.
Thank you very much Bill.
I'd love that Bill Hummer boys.
Yes, we've heard him.
What do you, what do you laugh about?
He's a beautiful guy, Bill Hummer.
Firstly since he got that thing taken off his head.
That's why I'm getting this little thing removed.
No, not that little thing.
This one over my eyebrow, yeah.
Because I guarantee when I get that thing, you'll be amazed.
I'll come in here, whatever day it happens.
In a few days and you'll say, gee, it's Bill Hummer.
Yeah, look just like him.
That's why I'm getting glasses just like his.
And when I get my little thing removed, I'm going to look just like Bill Hummer.
Nine minutes after 10 at 560, WQA.
And go fuck yourself.
We gave you a penny, okay?
We gave you a penny, okay?
We gave you a penny, okay?
And it's really violent.
There are lots of people for you to destroy.
There's never a rank, care of them, what a one, they're so far.
We fought you in Nintendo.
We fought you in Nintendo.
We fought you in Nintendo.
We've just new come to.
He's got some grand a and a big machine gun.
Yes, Bertu, I'm here with you.
It's holiday fun.
All right, 1014 at 560, WQA.
And by the way, I got a fact from Enrique, not that Enrique,
but another Enrique in the Gables, who says,
I have fact you several times complaining about some noise
that interrupt your bitch when you play them.
And this has been happening every day with the exception of Wednesday
that I'd not hear it.
The noise is very annoying, making it feel like my subwoofer
is going to blow up.
Anybody's woofer, I'm approaching blowing up out there.
Have you had any complaints beside me about this?
No.
Are you going to mention this to your audience to see if I'm the only asshole
that hears this?
Are the technicians going to do something about this?
No, no, no.
And closing George is doing a great job when you're on vacation,
et cetera, and so on.
I strongly believe he'll be the next generation of the Neo Rogers talk show.
How do you like that?
Wow.
The George Rodriguez show maybe starting very soon
at a radio station near you, without all the popping and puking
that you hear on the old Neo Rogers show.
Huh?
Well, no, that's probably because I'm old,
and when you get real old, you start popping and puking a lot more
than we were younger.
Can't be young forever, okay, sweetheart?
Speaking of what's crisp, by the way,
I'm going to challenge you.
I don't care what any of you have to say.
You know, because we've got a lot of nice people out there,
but we also have a lot of people with no taste,
who eat vanilla ice cream.
Like that bitch that was giving me a strong idea
to answer about that Starbucks coffee ice cream,
which you can take and stick in your mouth.
Back to get out of here with that.
Oh, and then that hogging does,
dole say it delayed shade of your neomama,
whatever that stuff was.
Remember that routine?
See, everybody's got to outdo me.
Everybody has to got to try to do outdo...
Damn, God!
...because then, you know, a lot of areas you do outdo me
in a lot of other areas, like knowing something about something important,
which I don't know, but I mean, when it comes to food,
which is kind of important to a lot of us,
you don't know more about food than I do.
I bet you there's nobody alive than those ones.
Even the great gourmet chefs,
they think they know more about food than I do.
But when you eat as many meals, good meals as I have.
And bad meals like Chef Boyard, D,
although I'll be honest with you,
there's nothing like, I've put it this before,
and you can grossed out.
In the old days?
In fact, when I worked at WJNL West Palm Beach,
one of my favorite things would be...
That was after I had lost 100 pounds,
so I had a lot of room to gain it back,
which I did, not all of it, but a lot.
But at any rate, it would be to go to the convenience store.
In the afternoon, there was a little convenience store,
I lived on 4th till Boulevard out there,
and I'd go to the convenience store,
and I would get a little can of Chef Boyard,
East Pagetti with meatballs,
and a package of Swiss cheese.
And then you take, you open it up,
you put it in your bowl,
and you put the Swiss cheese in there,
you kind of like tear it up a little bit,
and you mix it in,
and then you put it in the microwave
until the stuff is hot, and the cheese is melted,
and like stringy?
But it says slimy.
How about the spaghetti?
Well, what do you mean it's slimy?
What is that like?
Mushies.
How about beef oroni?
Mmm, that's a little better.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Not the ravioli.
Not canned ravioli is for glam.
I mean, forget that.
How can you say that?
I'll tell you what else is good,
Franco-American.
I like Franco-American.
Yeah.
With the Swiss cheese in it.
Well, alright, let's get off of that.
Okay, I was just telling you,
I lost six pounds this week.
Oh, real scale up here, no less.
And last night, Greg Readin is lovely.
My wife took me.
Oh, by the way, I want to straighten one thing out yesterday.
I want to correct,
because Rimmer's going to be psychotic.
I mean, here's my talk so much that I forget half of what he says,
because believe me,
bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap,
but he did mention a couple of days ago that he had a check for me for center one,
and that Farrell wanted to surprise me.
She was going to bring to me one of the Panther games very soon.
So I mentioned yesterday that we had not a check from Rimmer.
I should mention that,
but I also should mention,
because I asked him,
was it going to be a big check?
He said, oh, yes.
You're going to be really impressed.
I said, well, how many zeros in it?
And he said two.
And I said, is that before or after the decimal point?
Yeah.
You don't want to hear his answer, do you?
No, so Rimmer, there you go.
We straighten that out for you.
But speaking of Rimmer,
you'll never guess who was there last night at Ruth's Christian Fort Lauderdale eating two tables away.
Sheriff Nick Navarro was there.
How do you like that?
Oh!
And Nick, if you're listening,
because you know, I'm no Nick from way back,
and he's, you know, about Nick.
He's an asshole.
Yeah, that's true.
But, you know, we know each other.
So I ordinarily,
don't go out of way, my way to shine people.
I mean, unless I hate them like poise,
in which I don't hate him.
I mean, he's just, he's an asshole.
So on the way out, I probably,
because he was a couple of tables next to me,
and we had seen him sitting there.
He was facing the other way.
Thank God, always always the back of his wife,
and with his wife here.
But ordinarily, what I said, hey, Nick, how you doing?
But on the way out, I was so, you fork.
Why was I you fork?
Because the waiter who's waited on us many times up there,
came and brought the check at the end of the meal.
And he handed it to me, because he knows me.
And Greg reaches over, no, I'll take that.
And I looked at the waiter, I said,
boy, but you're not used to that, huh?
And he said, no, I said, well, guess what?
And he's your my.
So I was so you forked that I had this phenomenal meal.
And I'm going to describe the whole meal.
I'm doing atkinsman.
I'm eating great food like that meal last night.
My blood sugar was 83 this morning.
I'm doing great.
I got energy back.
I feel almost human now.
Incredible.
So I just mentioned in passing that somebody else
actually picked up the check there last night,
which is absolutely positively unbelievable.
In fact, I think that's the first,
except for the time the restaurant picked up the check
that other time.
But if there are people out there that want to give me a song
and a dance that there's a better steak place,
I know Hank loves shulas, and that's fine.
Everybody says shulas are very good.
But I'm going to tell you something.
If there's a better steak in this town than Ruth Chris,
I've never eaten it.
If there's better meat, I've never had it in my mouth.
Okay.
I had that rib eye, you know, the rib eye.
And of course, they boil all their steaks in butter.
And so when they bring it to the table on a platter,
it's sizzling, and the butter is like spattering,
and you have to put your napkin up like almost your pus
to make sure you don't get burned in the spattered by it.
And the great part about that is that it makes the steak juicy
and tender.
Like it says on a spot with Ruth Furtell, whatever it name is,
like she says, even in its a big-ass steak.
But even when you get to the last part of it,
which I didn't leave a drop,
it's still juicy and great because it's boiled in the butter.
Instead of most steaks, that would be that big.
It would be dry like schoo leather by the time you got to the end of it.
And a great spinach, all groutin' and those sauteed mushrooms.
Oh my God, was that a meal?
Was that a meal?
And the barbecue dream baptizing?
I don't want to go on a great life,
but I'm just telling you, I love that place.
In fact, if I had to tell you right now,
my favorite restaurant in this whole town all the years I've been here,
it's Ruth Chris.
I've been to Ruth Chris in Vegas,
been to Ruth Chris in Toronto.
I mean, it's just a great place.
What's not to like?
The only thing I don't like is where it is.
I know there's one in North Miami Beach,
which I've never tried that one yet.
But over there in Fort Lauderdale,
do you know what I'm talkin' about?
And I got the road off.
Why is it every year I've been here 100 years,
every goddamn year you crazy people at the DOT do the same thing?
They wait until the season starts.
November and December, then they start tearing up all the roads.
You know what, it gets a lot more congested.
We've got 80 million people,
which by the way, I saw two more really, really bad wrecks today.
One on the turnpike, one in here, 5.95.
But why did they do that?
And like a Gulf Stream over there in Hellendale,
every time it gets close to the Gulf Stream Racing season,
they start tearing up U.S.1, federal highway.
Why don't they do it during the summertime
when there's light traffic and the snowboards are all gone?
And we got a little bit of breathing room?
Does that make too much sense?
That must be it.
So anyway, getting back to my great meal at Ruth Chris,
and also the Teriyaki, now what do I keep saying that they're not teriyaki?
The Tyson...
The Tyson season beef strips,
which I'm finding it great to supply,
by the way, at my public sub-rans.
Thank you very much.
This has helped me tremendously.
That's the problem with that.
It's like I've said before, it's boring,
so you have to be creative.
I mean, you know, steak and lobster every night of your life,
all the bunny you want.
Well, you know, that sounds great.
But is there anybody that really wants steak and lobster
every night of their life?
No.
I don't think so.
No, not for me.
Not unless somebody else is buying.
So I just thought I'd correct that rumor thing,
because he's very sensitive, very neurotic, and very cheap.
But nevertheless, he is going to come up with a check for a cent of money.
Thanks, Rimmer.
Oh, you're okay in our book, okay?
And there is a decimal point before the zeros.
I'm sure that.
Huh?
What's it laughing about?
Positive.
I said, is it a big number?
It's your well, more than two.
Oh, God.
Here's a Pembert Pines.
Hello.
Hey, how are you doing today?
Okay, sir.
I heard you have the day you, you know,
you look at the visualize some times and times.
Yes.
And did you see the other day who passed away?
Archie Moore?
No, the guy who takes the pictures of popular park at the finish line.
Oh, no.
Can you believe that?
Why, no, he had cancer.
Yeah, he finally passed away.
Oh, he was a great guy.
What was it then?
Oh, God.
I can't remember what he was.
He was a real good guy.
And he worked at some other tracks before, you know, he just took the pictures of us.
Yeah, we had a session.
We lost a lot of our friends at Poppano Parkway.
It was first, it was Ralph Niggro that used to be the M.H.A.D.
and then Alan J. Finklson, my great close friend, and then we,
and the, uh, the, uh, Eddie, the baker.
Did you know Eddie the baker?
No, I don't know Eddie the baker.
Well, Eddie, you won't know him anymore.
And now our photographer friend seems to be going around up there at Poppano Park.
Take care of yourself, Ted Snell.
Okay, watch what you're eating, sweetheart.
Ted Snell, great guy at Poppano Park.
And he tells me now that he bought a new radio.
You know, they actually moved up in the world.
He is a wife, he can afford a radio now.
And listen to my show.
But today's when I say nice things about what a great guy Ted Snell is.
Then I go to the track Monday and he says, oh, I didn't hear it.
You heard it.
I said, you're a great guy, Ted.
We love you.
What's for supper?
What's for supper, Ted?
Yeah, he's a real New England guy, Ted Snell.
Real New Hampshire kind of guy.
You know, those New Hampshire kind of people, you know what I'm talking about?
Yeah, that's him.
He's great.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hi, Neah.
How are you doing today, sir?
Good, good.
I wanted to call and talk to you a little bit about what's going on up there in Washington, DC.
Yes.
You know, I totally agree with you.
And, and despite what people think, you know, it's a little common sense goes a long way.
And don't hang up on me when I tell you that, you know, I'm Republican, but I don't absolutely...
Why would I hang up on you because you're Republican?
What does that mean?
Well, you know, I don't know.
I just want to a fair shake.
I don't even know what I'm talking about.
Yes, I want to shake it.
And I want to agree.
Republicans aren't supposed to shake it.
They're not even supposed to touch it.
Yeah, see that's so ridiculous, you know, and the fact that...
Listen, you've got to face it.
Your party's been taken over by a bunch of lunatics by the Christian role of the New York people.
I hate to say it, but I'm in the car alone, I will, but I'm pretty much an atheist.
So, like, I don't even fit in there, but I have to agree with a lot of the philosophies that they...
In terms of politics, not this crap that's going on in Washington though.
Well, there's nothing but a, but it's a Linch mob as well as it got going now.
You know, I don't feel sorry for the guy because it's like he knew that everybody was watching him and he's still...
You know, he didn't... certainly wasn't the smartest guy for going out and...
And what about him? He had breaking up that guy's marriage and lying to that woman and saying that he wasn't married and breaking up that guy's marriage.
I don't... you know what? And he got... I'm sure he was coming to him.
And what about New thing, which is all the blow jobs that he got so we could say that he never slept with the broad, et cetera, and so on?
I mean, if every president could be impeached for having sex and lying about it, from what we're hearing now all the way back to Thomas Jefferson, maybe even Washington, we never would have had any president so they'd kept getting tossed out.
Yeah, well, you know, I mean, I understand people.
People, the higher up you are on the food chain in terms of your position in life, the more you're going to lie and try to cover up your sexual pride, the lows because you have to...
It's for survival's sake. Anybody knows that. It's just common sense. And these sanctimonious assholes are sitting there.
Bapapapapapapa. It's perjury. Bapapapa. I mean, this guy yesterday, this shipper skippers David Schmendrick, whatever his name was.
I mean, you with this guy, I should got 20 years for overacting this asshole.
And they're all the land of the free in the home of the brave and liberty and justice. Get out of here with this crap.
It's all an exercise. It's a waste of time. Each and every one of these people out in the judiciary committee knows exactly how they're going to vote.
Everything they vote on is going to be 21 to 17 Republicans against it. And that's it. They're 21-16, whatever the number is.
Strictly partisan politics and dragging America through a bunch of crap that might be overwhelming majority of people in this country don't want to be dragged to.
Do we know or sick of it? We've had it.
1026 at 560 WQN.
Where did you find George Rodriguez?
Right where you got it. Sports radio. 560 QAM.
We're Rogers God.
There's my charge on.
It doesn't mean help me now.
We're sold by free mail.
One will be by the count.
People say the care not the drug.
School in Tokyo.
You know you had it.
I'm sick.
But now it's our turn.
And it's a fucking drug.
So let's let the people find.
There's no time to think of it.
But if anybody's there, right?
Hell many were left.
And did you want to sit down, John?
It's 66,000,000.
It's finally got done.
But there are lots of things.
Because they're left to win.
And so let's just read.
They'll hit us in your face when you want to stand again.
Who is the best?
Find where you are.
Find where you are.
You're a high-stab coach.
Hello Jim, my kid doing up there in the end of the end of the year.
How's he doing?
We have two open lines and Dave, what and Broward.
By the way, before we go back to take any more calls.
Because they've got a lot of material to cover here.
Including our Senate one at mail.
One letter today.
Let me give the address again.
Okay, I'm sure there must be at least 50,000 people out there.
They would like the mailless 10 bucks or five bucks or 20 bucks.
And just make this check out the center one mail with two a new rounders WDQAM.
And the address is 20295 Northwest Second Avenue Miami 33165.
And nine.
What did I say?
20295 Northwest Second Avenue Miami 33169.
One check today.
We're getting all that mail because these speedal orders want to win a truck.
But we try to erase the money for charity and we get one check.
Thank you, flow again.
Thank God, at least it was a hundred dollar check.
But anyway, yesterday, and of course, again,
being the spokesman, I guess, for all these other silent people out there
that don't have the balls or the will or the brains to say anything.
It's an interesting that today we have two articles, one in the sunset,
the land one in the end, the herald.
Both David J. Neal and Michael Russo have discovered problems with the game clock
continue to frustrate the Macarena, the National Car Rental, the end of the center.
And it goes on about the hope the game clock that seemed to have a mind of it
though, and during Wednesday, 6'5, win over auto will be fixed by Saturday night's
game against Calgary.
The clock malfunctions throughout the game.
Steve Dangerfield says a computer failed during Saturday's game against
Carolina, and then again, it meant the backup of failed as well on Wednesday.
The third time since the mid-open in September, there's been a problem with the clock.
Even Bill Haley can't rock around it by the way he did.
We've been in contact with him today and basically outlined the problem said Steve
and were upset and were pissed off.
And then it goes on about Terry Murray said coaching the game was difficult.
I know that what the shock martin, that's the name of the audible coach there,
he was pissed off and foaming it them off, especially when the horn went off and the game
had to stop 14 minutes left in the third period.
Otto was on a three on two break to just outside our blue line.
They're making a move and all of a sudden the horn goes off.
Terry Murray says I was pointing at the time keeper one time to try to get an announcement
so I could hear what was left so I could set up the last three or four shifts.
And he says you're constantly looking up all the time to set up and so on.
And we had no idea how much time was left and try to coach in a game like that is a bunch of crap.
So it wasn't only any erogier saying that it was totally unacceptable and bush league
and just an absolute nightmare.
This is exactly what happened there.
And unfortunately Michael Russel and David J. Neil both do it.
Just in the coolances, every day they both write the same thing.
Whatever they go over there and the organization tells them whatever the story of the day
is that's what they write about in their article the next day.
Always the same thing.
Sometimes with the same headline.
What a concept.
So they discover the delay but better late than ever that there's a goddamn problem over there.
And still nobody cares about the fact that you can't see the red lights when the goals go in.
I'm the only one like that guy that called me right out of the box yesterday.
Oh, it doesn't bother me. Well, great. I'm glad it doesn't bother you, sir.
I'm glad that you have a good time not knowing when a goddamn goal is scored for sure.
That's great. That's wonderful.
Two open lines and day one and groward five six seven oh five 60 and pound five 60 on the mobile one line.
I wonder who this could be in Boynton Beach. Hello.
Hi Neil. Yes, sir.
All right. Please don't hang up on me.
Meaning what?
I have a different take because I'm a Republican. I know you say you.
What do you mean, please don't hang up on me. I know who you are.
You do?
We all know who you are. Of course.
Okay. Good.
Chronic.
Listen.
What do you think we're going to have a civilized conversation? What is this all about?
We're going to have a civilized.
No, we're not. No, we're not.
Every single day of my life, this asshole calls and bitches me out and cusses and swears and carries on.
And it's got nothing but, you know, New York barnyard sounds to make like like that.
And all of a sudden, he's probably no, well, I'd explain to you.
Now, I know why such an asshole. Okay.
At least we learned something from this guy today.
I'm sure that's him.
We don't have anybody in Boynton Beach to call just him.
We have an open line in Dave County, 566705, 60 and pound 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
I always love a call when he says, don't hang up on me.
Because that's the surest way to a free passage to a free dial tone.
Don't hang up on me.
Yeah, there you go.
Okay, here's Miami Beach. Hello.
Good morning, Neil.
Yes, sir. Should I hang up on you? No, sir. Okay.
How are you today? Great.
Sir, I just wanted to comment that I love you show.
Yeah.
I'm tired of hearing the deal about the President Monica who cares who got a blow job.
Uh-huh.
And I'm the DOT guy that you met on Friday the 5th of the day.
Oh my God. This guy nearly drove me off the road a couple of days ago.
I mean, your enthusiasm was great, but just tone it down a little bit.
This guy's barreling up behind me.
I'm getting off on university to go and I'll pick up my mail at my box.
And this guy's barreling up on my ass.
I thought, what kind of a load that he pulls up next to me with a red light.
And he stops the tow truck.
Listen to this folks. Not only waves.
I mean, most people they wave, they high five, they flip me off, whatever.
This guy gets out of the tow truck, comes over.
I rolled out my window.
Neil, yeah.
And I'm going to tell you, you got the firmest grip in the history of the human race.
This guy broke every bone in my hand.
You've got the strongest guy, Dan Griffan.
I'm sorry, Neil, but a firm handshake means you can trust the person.
Yeah, I mean something, I guess.
So I just wanted to say hello and all that and great show.
And I enjoy listening to every day.
You make my days go by.
It was great.
It was great to be in your pal.
Take care.
Just to give me about two feet, you know what I'm saying?
Okay.
Have a great day.
Yeah.
He comes roaring up behind me.
I said, God, it's a lunatic in this big ass tow truck.
He's a good guy.
Never stole a free train.
He's a Julio.
See, there's the good Julio.
I know there'd be one or two out there.
We have an open line of Dave County, 5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
We're in a holiday spirit.
I'm going to raise some money for our charity.
Everybody's in a great mood.
We're going to get the clock fixed into Macarena.
Are we going to get fixed?
No.
We're going to get those gold lights straightened out.
No.
Does Rimmer going to come up with a real big contribution for our...
No.
Okay.
I'm just checking these things.
So anyway, let me say it again.
I didn't shine you, Sheriff Nick.
Okay.
I forgot all about you.
I forgot you, we've been sitting there.
When I got in the car from Valley Park and then I left,
I got about a mile up the road.
I thought, oh gee, I never even said hello.
I'm glad I went in the Sheriff Nick.
Because I'm not the kind of person who holds the grudge ordinarily.
Now, with the evil sisters upstairs, I'll make an exception with them.
But ordinarily, I don't hold the grudge.
And you know, it just, it would have just been the nice thing to do.
But I forgot that he was there because I was so ecstatic and excited that somebody else had actually picked up the check.
Oh!
Even a waiter couldn't believe it.
I bet you they were talking back in the kitchen.
Bap, bap, bap, bap.
Can you believe it?
And you'll ride you in the zoo here and sometime, and somebody actually picked up the check.
Besides him?
Can you believe it?
No.
In fact, we were, we kept looking up.
You know, when people would come in at the restaurant, we kept looking up at the entrance to make sure it wasn't Numer and Farrell coming in.
No, because I told him that the grudge was by me dinner.
We fully expected that they were, that was part of our discussion.
What time is Rimmer showing up?
21, oh gee, what an accident.
I just happened to be here.
You mind if I pull up at the table next to you?
No.
21 before 11 at 5.60, WQM.
Gordon gives South Florida a major blow job.
All right.
Do you ever wish that your family and friends knew their final versus a better?
Well, I have the answer to your prayers.
From the makers of YouSync, my martyr comes a game the whole family can enjoy.
Crucifixion.
Crucifixion is not just fun to play, but it forces everyone to know their Bible.
And it's easy to play.
First, someone picks a word or phrase from the Bible.
And the rest of the group takes turns trying to spell it.
But be careful.
If you pick a wrong letter, your little Jesus now gets nailed.
Um, I'll start the desk.
Um, how about a chair?
No, sorry, Billy.
I'm sorry, Jesus.
After three nails and one spear to the chest, everyone loses.
But don't worry.
In three days, you can play again to run down to your local Crucifixion toy store and grab up your very own copy of Crucifixion.
Why not play tonight?
Comes with a small Jesus down nails and a tiny spear.
Faked blood, wooden cross, and hammer not included.
Crucifixion, a product of Trinity Brothers.
Damn God.
10.445.50.22.
And we have a day at the QM vanias today up there in Plantation University in Broward by the Shell Station,
which we thank profusely.
We, uh, 1200 bucks.
Oh, I was hoping for maybe, you know, four or 500.
I thought 500 would be a major accomplishment.
And then we were trying to get desperately right at the end.
We got to that total to get us to even 80,000 altogether, you know, officially.
And we wind up over that.
We did 1200 bucks total there because people showed up even after two o'clock.
And our total right now, this is the official total, not the ongoing with whatever is in borders this week, etc.
80,000 for 86.
By the way, Louwe and Lynne brought us a check for $1,50, which we appreciate very much.
Does that change anything?
No, but we do appreciate it.
Here's a, uh, does it change anything?
No.
Here's a mobile and deer field.
Hello?
On the floor?
What is it?
Trot away.
Thanks.
Trot away.
Yeah.
Okay.
Trot away and then speak to us.
Hey, how you doing, Chief?
Okay, sir.
What were you showing away there?
I was throwing all this crap at my car.
Don't throw my crap.
I mean, they're washing my car.
Man, I got this to make and get what I'm going to do.
Oh, get that.
You're making God to get all the crap.
Yeah.
Makeings are good at crap.
Oh, you know it.
Yeah, I'm sure.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Anyway, the reason I called was the fact of matter about the arena.
I was there at the Ottawa Game, man.
Yes.
What a ridiculous display.
Bush League.
A presentation that's embarrassing at best.
I took my friend of mine that was, uh, that's happened to be Canadians from Montreal.
Oh, my God.
He must have really been laughing at what kind of a Bush League bunch of losers are you down here?
He's been living down here.
I don't know for the past few years.
Yeah.
Is this guy frog?
He's a frog.
Oh, boy.
He's a good fighter.
And I'm a speckser.
Go figure.
We make a good team.
Well, at least you smell better anyway.
Oh, geez.
Well, anyway, he was there at the game.
And we just couldn't believe it.
It was just like, he was saying to me every like five seconds, he wouldn't leave by any stadium
because he lives in Browell County.
He lives in the place.
And it's like, didn't the people Browell County pay for the stadium?
And doesn't it look great?
I mean, you know, everything looks so great.
It just worked.
If it just worked, it would be sensational.
Everything looks, you know, brand-spanky new because it is.
It looks shiny and glitzy and exciting and it's all cramped.
We go outside and smoke cigarettes on the terrace.
Yeah.
And the doors just can't stop slamming.
It's like the hydraulic thing that holds them to keep them from slamming.
Right.
They don't work.
It's like the escalator outside also don't work.
In fact, when we came in, it didn't work.
When we left, it still didn't work for hours later.
Every time we heard the door slam, we just like laugh our butts off.
I mean, talk about getting screwed.
Yeah.
The people of Browell County got screwed.
How come yesterday I'm the only one screaming about this?
You can't see the goal lights when a goal is scored.
You're the clock, the penalty clock, the time clock.
I love the penalty clock.
14 minutes are left in the period, third period and the horn goes off.
Yeah.
How did you like that?
Everybody out there comes to a halt and the clock is 0.0.
That's the real howling.
And the referee, Nick, the glue looks around like what kind of a joke is this?
I just got up and clapped my hand.
I was saying, hey, King's over.
Well, thank God the people who have the good man were doing the wave with the passive patrol.
They're oblivious.
That's the good part about our crowd.
They're oblivious.
They don't know what they don't know for men.
They don't care.
All right, Chief.
Have a great day.
You take it easy.
Tell your friend to take a shower.
We'll do.
OK, see ya.
13 to 11 at 560 WQM.
We have an open line in Browell County.
If you move quickly, 5607 0550.
Chris Reed's on a way to a Kindle somewhere which he'll tell you momentarily.
Did we decide where we're going to go or what?
Not yet.
Where he's going to go?
What did I know yet?
A simple.
No.
Would have been sufficient.
OK, so anyway.
He's working on it.
OK, we'll find a good spot down there in Kindle.
Right there by short, he's barbecue would be good.
Or maybe out there a West Kindle where we got all the Yiddlaugh out there would be real good for us.
Spicks in Yiddlaugh.
As opposed to North Miami Beach where we got Spicks and Spooks up there now basically.
At Porra, Sheila, that road that led to the other day, that feels so sorry for her.
Sheila, will the last Jew bring her Mazuzo, OK, leave it North Miami Beach.
I mean, get serious, sweetheart.
There's no Jews left up there.
Are there?
No.
Besides here?
Better look around.
That's why there's no Hanukkah stuff in the stores because it's all going in there.
Honey, get with it.
What do they want?
Hanukkah stuff.
Here's a lady in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
You know how you know that North Miami Beach has changed?
How's that?
Right across from where Korki used to be that I was a Popeye's chicken.
All right.
Now we're talking.
Oh, right.
There you go.
Isn't that.
Can you believe that Korki's is not there?
Yeah.
Once that Korki's disappeared.
That was the end of this entire town as we once knew it.
Absolutely.
I mean, it was bad when Prince Hanukkah disappeared.
What?
The New York State House disappeared.
And...
Those disappeared.
Korki's just moved.
Oh, they did?
Yeah, they're in Pembert Pines or something like that.
Yeah, but that doesn't count.
Oh, I see.
That's in Broward.
I mean, it doesn't count.
And what about when the famous clothes?
Have you been here long enough for that?
Yeah.
How about when the famous clothes?
That was the end of the beach.
Hanukkah, all those crap about South Beach and the art deco and all those drug addicts.
I mean, that was the end of the beach when the famous clothes, though.
Oh, absolutely.
The reason I was calling them, first of all, was about that fact she got earlier.
But I also wanted to mention about you've been children in the end of the week that Michael Vaslin passed.
Yes.
I was so sad.
Isn't that terrible in the way they treated him how badly I'm guiding life because he was sick
and they didn't know what it was and his speech slowed down.
And they just similarly had dumped him.
And evidently, a lot of women who watch the show, I started a whole big thing about that.
And I did a boycott the show and it said it went so well.
Well, he had turned out he had to leave the air.
Right.
And now that they...
54 years old, he died.
There was even a thing on the web he had his own webpage called That is Angels.
Right.
And he did a lot of good things.
You know, he took his own adversity and he tried to do a lot of good things.
He started an organization and he was a good guy.
And he played it five years he was on that show and they just blew him off like, you know, like so much chopped liver.
And he did an appearance just a little while ago on One Life To Live because he played a character on their team.
Right. Right. Right.
He seems to be doing so well.
He was so sad to hear that.
Well, he was so dying, I'll tell you that.
I know.
But I wanted to confirm what he was.
That's good.
Exactly.
But I wanted to confirm what that guy said about the noise.
Yeah.
You're hearing the same thing?
I heard that for months.
Yeah.
And the only thing I can figure is what I want to the TV show.
It seems to be because I think...
No, no, wait a minute.
I'm the TV show or the radio show?
I'm the radio show.
You hear noise in the middle of the comedy bits?
Yeah. It goes like...
All of a sudden.
Oh my god.
All I can figure is for how long?
10 seconds.
10 seconds?
I don't know.
It depends on what's going on.
I think what it is, and you're moving around the room,
and there's a short and some wire, or you're brushing up against the door.
But I'm not moving.
I sit right here like a lead weight.
I don't move at all.
I've seen on the TV show during the picture,
fooling around with things in the room sometimes.
Very rarely.
Very rarely.
It's a very rare thing.
Here as motionless as a dead man.
It doesn't happen every time, and it doesn't happen every day,
but it does happen.
Okay, now, wait.
Let's try it.
Listen.
The dead man.
No, seriously.
You're anything in the middle of that?
Well, that happens every day.
Yeah, but see, there you go.
That was clean, right?
Good and clean.
Absolutely.
Okay.
You're going to be luck on that.
Maybe when we get out of the studio, if it ever happens, you know,
the next 20 or 30 months when we get out of here,
and get upstairs, maybe we'll give it all this technical business.
Right.
But he's not imagining things.
Well, that's terrifying to me.
I've never heard that before.
How could we have been almost a year now in this studio,
and that's the first time I'm here in the bottom?
I've never called the mentioning because I was just sorry.
How often would you say that happens today?
Like I said, it doesn't absolutely happen every day,
but it does happen quite a bit,
and mostly during the...
It's the deepened happens in time during the commercials.
That's why...
Well, I don't care about that.
I'm sorry.
Yes, sir.
That's why.
That's why sometimes when we're out here recording this,
and we'll be in the middle of it,
and all of a sudden the sound just goes,
and it gets very frustrating.
Oh, my God.
Okay, we'll check it out.
Okay.
Have a great day, sweetheart.
Thanks for the bad news.
Okay, we have an open line of broad,
more technical problems here, right?
Is that what we're hearing?
More technical problems.
By the way, I forgot to say how to share a neck-on-a-way outlast
on I was so you forked,
that was Greg Reed is standing holding up the doorway, by the way.
Great meal, man.
A great meal at a great restaurant.
In fact, even they were impressed.
Even the reeds were highly impressed.
Oh, this is pretty damn good.
And you notice when the waiter came out to take away the plate,
I said, you can tell I didn't like it.
It looked like I had licked the plate,
that the steak and all the other stuff was on.
There was nothing.
There wasn't a morsel.
There wasn't a crumb left on it.
That's how good that place is.
And if we stock up real hard, maybe next time it'll be free.
Okay, here's a mobile in Pompano.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how are you doing?
Great.
Yesterday you mentioned something about Congressman Barr.
Yes, that's not true.
I was a little mustache, yes.
Yeah, and you made a reference to his mustache.
I don't know how right you were.
There was an article I thought,
really this morning on the Washington Post website.
I don't know if it's still there or not.
We'll link to it on the front page.
About a speech he gave to a white supremacist group recently.
All right.
And if you can get a chance to get a cop,
give that article.
It doesn't surprise me.
I mean, you'll push it in.
You can tell most of his relatives are in entry.
The guy is from Georgia.
They're upriver in entry, his crowd.
It's astonishing.
You really should read it.
It's not a very long article.
And this guy's on this committee.
And by the way,
who do you think is on it right now?
Mary Bohner from California, Sunny Bohner.
Who doesn't know her ass from Sonny's elbow,
who is like clueless.
Like, what am I doing here?
And who am I?
You know, and she's also on this year's committee.
And we're more support than he's sitting back.
The whole world is sitting there,
hinging on these dodo birds who are sitting there.
Just, blah, blah, blah, blah.
I'm just repeating the same crap day after.
Why don't they just go ahead and get it over with already
and stop at the Vubiage?
Well, everybody knows it's for his crap,
but this guy is a Nazi.
So you should get it started.
I'm going to be surprised you checked
as well. He's got a card in there.
All right.
Okay. Thanks for the good news.
All right.
Yeah, that little mustache.
You'll not see from Georgia Bob Bar.
And of course, when they do the interviews,
they always have to, you know,
go for the, it's either Barney Fag or it's Bob Bar.
Okay.
Which I enjoy Barney Fag,
except he'd stop listing so much.
But, you know, he's great.
But Mary Bono, she's a simpleton.
She's almost as dumb as Patch Road or from Colorado,
who's a Democrat, by the way,
and a real simpleton.
Not just through public and simpleton,
there's plenty to go around in both parties, okay?
And guess who Larry King is on, by the way, last night?
Which I watched for about two seconds,
just as I'm scanning the channels.
Let me give you a little hint.
Yeah.
Little Elephant ears, their Dumbbell,
a Ross P. Row,
pontificating, well, about that.
You roll up your sleeves, you do, do, do, do.
And they got all this corruption, but, but, but, but,
I got the answers.
Oh my God, just no, right.
I, you know, something Tammy Faye was right.
The media needs a, a group of bottomy.
They're out of their minds.
They're crazy people.
They're all, they're nuts.
I'll give you an example of the latest big deal in the media,
which I'm sure you're not aware of,
because you probably don't even know who he is.
Even Barry Jackass in his column in The Hero this morning.
And by the way, Greg Reed hates you very Jackson,
but at any rate.
No, seriously, so this, this morning,
I'm reading his column,
and he writes at the very end of it about how well,
even though we don't have Fox Sports news on any of the cable down here yet.
They're negotiating with sports channel and Sunshine
to try to make sure we get it in there by January,
or whatever the date is.
So Keith Olberman show on Fox Sports will be there.
Now, you know who he is?
Of course he wouldn't.
He used to be on ESPN.
I mean, he, he's, he's, you know, he's okay,
just to cross the commentator, you know,
and then he was on MSNBC for several months.
And I give him credit at least for saying he got out of there
because he couldn't stand anymore.
This, uh, bubbigate crap.
He was fed up with it.
But, uh, and so now he's going to be on Fox in January.
Keith Olberman, like he's, he's got a great voice.
But I mean, is he like a great journalist?
No.
I don't think so.
Is he like a big deal?
No.
But this is a new deal now.
We're supposed to be excited about that.
That Keith Olberman's going to be on Fox Sports Network
and like America is shaking and quaking from the,
I, I don't get it.
I just don't understand it.
Other than the fact we do have a lot of very dumb back
he was to shallow people out there, but other than that,
I don't get it.
Who the, who the crap is Keith Olberman anyway?
I mean, I know who he is, but, uh,
never stole a free try and he's like, okay,
guys got a good voice.
But, uh, I mean, he's not going to say anything.
It's going to change my life.
He's not going to say anything profound on there.
All of a sudden, he was another one of these guys
who went for being a sports guy.
Oh, he's going to be a, he's going to be a great news guy.
He's going to be a commentator on MSNBC.
Well, based on what?
Didn't he learn from Tony Cigaretteau and Camberl Martian?
Now he's other sports jerks.
Oh, by the way, Tony Martian, I mean, Tony Cigaretteau
is messing them up with a sports department over there.
And actually, Rip Joe Rose on the air, by the way,
is the room where I'm here.
You better leave the little dog alone, okay?
You little Wop Tony Cigaretteau, man.
What a piece of turd he is.
Four minutes before 11 at 560, WQA.
We're doing it.
The Neil Roger Show, now on 560, WQA.M.
Miami Fort Lauderdale.
It's Friday, you bastard.
Gil Quinn and Corny.
She can't even stand being on the phone.
But then he linoes out on the phone.
On every channel we stop on the phone.
Outrage.
Good night, you beacon.
The night is gone.
1.2 at 560, we have a couple more checks.
We're holding here for center once with 80,546.
They're taking a caravan, Sam and Chris down the candle today.
We'll let you know exactly where and just a very short time.
We're going to have all kinds of vanes and all kinds of QA merchandise and t-shirts and crap.
Plus, of course, our best of meal stuff to raise some cash today.
Lots of it.
Got a nice letter from Jim Lawson along with his check.
I apologize to Jim.
Sorry.
Actually, he says he'd just come back from Vegas.
Call me on my Orion.
Just come back.
After Thanksgiving.
And he said he was the first time caller in a little bit nervous, but nevertheless, is what he says.
And he called a recommended book.
But as I recall the call, I remember it very well because I did blow him off.
And he mentions that in the letter, but he's not pissed off about it.
Thank God.
But nevertheless, he says that the book is James Dobson's War on America by Alex Mogurely.
As I recall the call, he said it's a book by James Dobson.
What he meant to say it's a book about.
Remember that?
That he wanted everybody to read.
And I thought it was the right way.
You're promoting James Dobson's right wing propaganda.
And I said, put to you.
The book is James Dobson's War on America by Alex Mogurely.
1997 book a scathing expose on the largest organization of the religious right that illustrates the behind the scene.
Day to day hypocrisy that these people practice and leave the reader no doubt is to be raised right to Christian right wingers pose to further erode our civil rights.
And so on.
So thank you, Jim Lawshet.
I apologize for hanging up and assuming, but you told it wrong.
Okay, get it straightened out.
And next time you won't be so nervous.
We have an open line of day one.
Oh, by the way, here's another facts that gets me very depressed.
It's as I thought it was only my headphones that made noise.
But now I know it's not me.
How do you like that?
It's happened ever since you moved to QIM.
It's only a year.
How come they're waiting this long to tell us about this now?
It lasts for three or four seconds.
It happens on comedy, but as well as commercials.
Sometimes it also seems like the station goes into delay afterward.
So it might have something to do with that circuit.
We got a we got a we got a jerk it on the circuit is what the problem is.
Somebody's jerking it on the circuit and we're having a serious problem with it.
So better late than ever.
Thanks for telling us about that.
And I'm sure that our crack engineer George Corso in his spare time.
He's the asshole little else to do.
He'll probably stick his nose in that.
And he's got the nose to do it.
Or maybe he'll borrow Joe Castello's nose and stick that one into it.
By the way, how's Joe the Mads you're doing dead yet?
No, I'm getting really close.
I know we got that one that won over sensitive crowd out there.
I mean, what am I supposed to say?
Are we supposed to have a nervous breakdown?
Because it got at 84 years old with one along and been sick in the hospital for a couple of months now.
Might die.
I mean, am I supposed to say, oh gee, what are we going to do?
You know, what are we going to do?
I know the guy, 84 years old, Pussy was married to Marilyn Monroe.
Huh?
Got that museum after him up there that you would tell me about that I didn't even know existed.
He's in a song by Simon and Garfunkel.
He's America's last link to our innocence.
Huh?
They got his thing out there in Yankee Stadium.
Well, more could have got one.
He lived a full rich life, even in spider-smoking all those faggot.
And he might live to 94 or 104 if he wouldn't have been spoken all that and lost as long, etc. and so on.
There's a message to all your kids out there.
If you want to live to 104 and be old enough to move the cemetery village, you better quit smoking those faggets right now.
In fact, isn't that what they're going to be saying at that rally to mark the orange bulls stay away from those faggets?
Here's Miami.
Hello?
Miami.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, Neil.
What a great meal last night.
I sat right in front of you.
You did?
Yeah, tall black guy with his girlfriend involved.
Oh, yeah, right.
You guys came in like kind of an in-stream, right?
Yeah, yeah.
What an heck.
I think the heck of you didn't say hello as a matter of fact, that was very nice of you not to say hello.
Thank you for that.
I was gone in and I, you know, I don't like to be disturbed when I'm eating so much.
That's very very rude.
A Ruth's Chris.
I mean, that place is so good.
You don't want anybody, any pain in the ass bystanders coming by a Ruth's Chris.
You want to save her every bite.
Absolutely not.
I've eaten it bones and a lot of the, you know, the top 10 steak houses that you see in the magazine.
Right.
And I'll tell you, you know, this, I mean, that steak last night was just a really good meal.
What kind of you have?
What kind of steak you have?
I had the filet last night.
Uh-huh.
And my girlfriend had the epitaph of the filet.
Oh, believe me, try the rib eye though.
If you want me, the others are great, but the rib eye is so juicy and so tasty that I can taste it right now.
Yeah.
It is a good meal.
It's a good meal.
I've eaten it as you'll as cup of times.
Yeah.
You don't have to add nothing, but I really do like Ruth Kirst.
A lot better.
Yeah, everybody I talk to except Hank and of course that's his sponsor.
I understand he loves that.
In fact, I don't know if Hank is eating it with Ruth's Chris.
Maybe we'll take Hank over there one of these days.
There you go.
He's straightening him out.
And the next time you're in it, saw grad's publics give my brother a hard time.
He's a bakery manager there.
So give him a hard time and straighten his ass out.
All right.
All right.
Thanks a lot pal.
Thanks.
There you go.
That was very nice of them.
See, a lot of times you go into a place and people come over, pan and he asks,
hey, me, I just get out of here, okay?
I'm eating a great dinner.
And these people were very nice and I was exactly who they meant because obviously they were the only sponsors in the restaurant.
But I mean, they were very nice and sitting right in front of us.
Oh, and I forgot to ask the guy if he saw Sheriff Nick DeVarro.
He sure if Nick must have thought he was the most important person in that joint last night.
He didn't realize there was a superstar like me in there.
Yeah.
And he's already here.
In fact, I want to say this, I bet you're sure if Nick wouldn't have wasted his time rating that some crews all at full craft like Ken Jenny in the bottom.
No, seriously, how much evil in the wasted his time with that unless you get a lot of publicity from it?
Oh, they did.
Like I said, he would have done it.
Oh, seriously, if I would have thought of it afterward, I'd have gone over and say, hey, how's your buddy oppressed in hand from the swap shop?
Maybe, how you doing, old Nick?
You douchebag?
Yeah, whatever you say.
And then after I walked out, he would have badmouthed me.
I'm sure he did anyway.
See, I don't care about that.
It doesn't bother me in the least bit because I know that there are people.
I mean, don't you know that?
That there are people behind your back that just rip you and ask?
Oh, the time.
Even you.
Even you.
Even you, which I mean, you're about as generic as it comes.
I mean, George is one of the most generic human beings.
Just gets along with everybody.
In fact, you know, I just can't imagine why anybody would despise George, except maybe the water Nazi up there.
She hates everybody.
Although, at least she's consistent, but other than screwing, she hates everybody in the building.
I want to be you say, there is no water Nazi.
Yeah, so why shouldn't she, Agent?
Then I can speak to you.
I guess that's your association because it produced my show.
Therefore, you must be a real prick, rhymes with.
But, yeah, so there, yeah, who cares about that stuff?
And again, also, you have to consider the source.
If somebody respected was calling you an asshole behind your back, then you say, geez, what did I ever do to them?
You know, you might be a little bit concerned about it.
Here's a deer field. Hello.
Want to answer your poll question?
Yes, sir.
Here it goes.
Here it goes.
Okay, two days in row now with this guy.
Two days in row.
Elvis Presley or Joe to measure this guy.
He while took him since the end of the show yesterday to get that all queued up.
Either that or he had, was that Bob Lincoln singing in the background?
Oh, boy.
Oh, do I remember that trip?
Do I remember that trip from hell?
Mm-mm-mm.
Oh, and guess what, Greg Reed?
Oh, you won't believe this.
What he suggested at dinner last night, right in the middle of a delicious meal.
I almost up-chucked my great-reby right there right on the table.
Guess what he suggested?
A C-A-M station group.
I mean, we're the audience.
A group trip to Vegas.
What a great idea.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
That's what I said.
He said, yeah, but you know, Hank, we can get him involved in you and I said,
No.
Woo!
Great dinner last night.
Appreciate it very much.
We had a great time.
His wife is a lovely lady.
Had a super time.
Even John showed up for a free meal which he never misses at Ruth's crisp.
But just save the, that's suggestion.
Just put it way back in the recesses of your mind, okay,
because is that ever going to happen again?
No.
That would be involved, okay.
You want to go to Vegas, there's planes leaving all the time.
I have a great time.
You'll love it.
It's sensational.
Am I going to get involved with that crap again?
No.
No way.
I'll tell you we're always unhappy to get involved and that's the pizza loft.
In fact, I understand there's a lot of stuff involved going on over there.
That's what Jeff Cohen tells me.
Mostly having to do with food.
Some other who knows.
But anyway, you want a great meal.
Lunch, dinner, light nights snack, in the middle of the afternoon.
Your joints are really great, fresh, your delicious Italian food.
Pizza loft is the place, baby.
It's a miracle.
In fact, we kissed the ground that a pizza loft came to Broward.
Start out with your favorite any pasta.
Choose their, check out the Egalic rules, by the way, the best of the world.
Choose a one of their combinations that are featuring Veal and Eggplant and chicken and stuffed shells.
Lasagna, which is award-winning.
Manacotti and all your favorite sauces, whichever ones you like, are ladled on there for you.
They got the stromboles and calzones, super-sub, chicken-catchatory, tortellini with cheese sauce,
zedian spaghetti and meatballs and sausage.
Three different kinds of great pizza.
And pizza lofts got express-lunch specials for your business people out there.
It don't have a lot of time to build around for lunch every day.
Just throw in or fax your order in.
It'll be ready in no time.
Call them at 9.5.4.916.8880.
Tons and tons of free parking and the pizza loft plans.
They're right behind pure one imports.
35.14.
South University Drive between Griffith and 5.95.
Right next to Nova South Eastern and Kitty Corner from Stady's Buffet.
How can you go wrong?
Pizza loft in baby.
It's out of this world.
Not the fastest, not the cheapest, but absolutely positively the best.
And like I said, where's that damn billboard?
You're a fast.
This is Debbie.
Hello, hi, Debbie.
I'm an inter-sudent getting through operations done.
Okay.
And some body contouring and some liposuction.
Uh-huh.
And there's wondering if it's a tummy tuck.
And lip augmentation cosmetic plus surgery, face-diff.
All of these things.
Uh-huh.
And there's wondering.
What would you like to start with?
Well, I need to get everything done.
Probably the first thing I'd like to have removed is my...
My thing.
Okay, we don't do that.
No. Could you do breast implants though?
Uh, I can't be done.
I'm just gonna have to let the baby do it right away.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Uh-huh.
How much?
Uh, 5,000.
Excellent.
I'd like to have my skin resurface too.
Uh-huh.
Laser surgery.
Uh-huh.
Have the lamb stop crying yet, mommy?
Extra-susory.
Don't hurt mommy's little baby.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I'd like to get the liposuction that I saw on TV.
Okay.
Can you make me look more like a woman?
Well, we'll have to see you first, and then upon looking at you, we can tell you that when we see you.
Should I wear my skin suit made of body parts, mommy?
Uh, if you'd like to.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Would you like to make an appointment?
Yes.
Okay.
There is a $100 consultation fee.
That's fine.
Okay.
Um, my name is Buffalo Bill.
Okay, let me get a little information from you.
Mommy, it's right.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I understand.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Do you want to come in for a consultation?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Uh, okay.
Would you like to make an appointment?
Or do you want to call me back?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I understand.
I got my skin suit and you're probably like,
uh, Bill.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I understand that.
Would you like to.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Would you like to make an appointment?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Okay.
I will talk to you in a time.
Okay.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Hello.
Oh.
Oh.
Woo.
It's $11.60 and $5.60.
WQM.
God, I haven't left like that since, uh, I saw Nick the Barrel last night.
Okay.
We have two open lines in power.
5.6705.60 and 0.560 on the AT&T wireless line.
And by the way, Sam and, uh, and Chris, that if you are on their way to Kindle to the
Attount of Country Mall, which I think that's a 107's and Kindle drive, I believe.
Since I lived there for five years.
But the expert in here, the Holy O'on Averide X-170.
What is it?
I think it's more than 117's, but since the term five years.
I do not think it's a ton of country mall.
Well, maybe I'm wrong.
What is the mall that's on the 107's and Kindle?
There is a mall there.
I have a, I haven't been there.
Other than our thing in Porters and Kindle,
I have a couple weeks ago.
I haven't been down here in a, in a coon's age.
And who now wants to?
It's so guy that I'm congested on there.
But that's the good part of it.
It's so congested, you'll pull them out.
They're all giving you a break from all the traffic.
And you'll, uh, bring us a lot of money for center one.
And they're going to have all kinds of good crap.
And they'll be there at noon.
And setting up at noon.
And we're going to raise, if you think we raised 1200 in a, uh,
Broward, yeah, and yesterday was great.
Wait till you see what we raised in Kindle today.
Huh?
I'm, I, I, you know, a serious thought, but it's going to be great.
It's going to be big.
Uh, Buffalo Bill, is that Phil?
No, no, no, it was not.
It was Buffalo Bill.
Oh, okay.
I saw a little, uh, I'm going to take Al Goldstein on the
shally just the other day he was taking up two chairs.
Yeah.
That's a great club you moron.
Yeah.
But, uh, that's Phil.
Oh, actually, he's doing an excellent job.
But what's with that Mary Botto?
Have you seen her?
Yeah, she's a cool, is she in the space could add?
She's surly and everything.
And keep talking around like, uh, what am I doing here?
And what am I supposed to say now?
And what do we do now?
And can I put on some makeup and, uh, I think he needs a little sex like eight or, uh,
Georgian style.
Yeah.
And I thought, when she looked at Bob Barnes, started singing about you, babe, I thought that was,
that was just carrying a little bit too far, you know.
Man, where did she come from with all that?
Well, from Sonny's bed, I guess.
Yeah, get rid of her.
Okay.
We got a bunch of bozos up there in there.
And, you know, everybody's watching.
No, we're sitting back, uh, passively, helplessly.
And they're going to drag us on.
And I'm, I got four articles of impeachment.
And then it's going to go to the full house.
And then they're going to pass it because, of course, this is all nonpartisan.
Do we believe that?
Oh, yeah.
And then we'll have a trial in the Senate, which there isn't a chance in hell that it's going
to be a conviction in the Senate.
There is no chance.
And judge, Renquist, that Nazi will be there.
The, uh, you know, Supreme Court Justice, Chief Justice Renquist will be there with his swastika on.
Talking, what is it?
It is a hundred and seventeen and Kendall Drive.
What do I say?
Like you said, one seventeen and Kendall Drive.
What is another mall on one of seven?
Oh, it's the Kendall mall is on one of seven.
Hey, listen, my memory isn't that bad.
I remember those great old days in, uh, Kendall, two open lines in Broward, five six seven,
oh, five sixty, pound five, six, the other eighteen T wireless line.
Here's North Miami.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
I'm getting ready to go get my passport.
I'm going to start squeezing it.
How is, uh, uh, Italy this time of year?
Cool.
Uh, we're not going to be able to hold in the Rome.
It's in the sixties, I guess.
I'll stick around just long enough to vote in one more election.
I'd like to see what happens the next time the election comes.
I've got news for, I can tell you right now that the Republican party is destroying itself.
It is self-immolating right now.
Okay.
This whole exercise that's going on right, they didn't get the message a couple of weeks ago in November with the election.
And now I'm telling you, watch, it's going to blow up in your face.
Uh, they're going to, they're going to, it's going to be a landslide.
Even George W. Bush, by the way, is going to have real problems, especially now that he opened his mouth a few days ago.
And made that stupid comment about only Christians go to heaven.
He's going to have some real serious problems.
That's fascist.
Yeah, in a couple weeks ago, I was leaning towards him in a, in a presidential election and now I, uh, you just said,
Just don't forget, only Christians go to heaven.
Uh, one more thing.
I called you back in June in regards to the, the sounds that come in between your bits back in June.
I felt like a record scratching.
And your answer was maybe it had something to do with the phone system.
That was what you basically.
But if they're hearing it during commercials and, uh, and, and also they're in comedy bits, the phone isn't even on during that thing.
Right.
I mentioned it back in June and it's like it's really, I, I use a little thing to go on headphones.
But how often does this happen?
That's what I'm trying to get to.
Uh, once a day thing or once there be a couple of days this happens.
At least if you play a comedy bitty over today, three or four, two or four, two or three or four.
One every break.
So four about 15 to two.
Okay.
Out of two out of five bits that happen.
Two out of five.
Yes.
Every day.
I look at you every day.
How long does this go on?
It's, it's last about at least five to ten seconds.
Oh my, oh, and it's like a wreck scratching.
Oh, if you listen with headphones, it's all over.
In other words, it cuts out the bit and all you have is scratching.
Yes.
And if you listen with headphones, it just about kills your ears.
And George is doing a great job.
Love you, George.
Okay.
I'll see you in real.
Thanks for the bad news.
Bye.
Boy, oh boy.
What a, what a fly opener.
This is almost to our one year anniversary on this station.
Now that we're, they're coming out of the closet and telling us, hey, we're listening.
But the boy of you got serious technical problems over there, Mr.
Have you got problems to open lines in dead County?
Speak now or hold it forever tightly five six seven oh five.
Say, by the way, how about Abe Hershfeld, huh?
Hey, that's right.
The tycoon who offered Paula Jones a million dollars to settle her sex harassment
through it against the president has been indicted on charges of hiring someone to kill his former
business partner in New York.
He denies the charges, but nevertheless.
Abe Hershfeld was arrested late Wednesday.
This is if I have it in home in New York, he was indebted on the charges second to
recriminal solicitation punishable by as long as seven years in prison.
Boy, crazier than a bed bug is what they say Abe Hershfeld.
And also by the way, we actually for the first time in a long time, oh, Xavier Suarez telling his home.
Don't get too excited because he's still going to relocate in Miami because he really believes talking about having a
screw loose like Abe Hershfeld.
In fact, that's a good marriage, isn't it?
Xavier Suarez and Abe Hershfeld sounds good to me.
Uh-huh.
But uh, Xavier really believes that he is somebody would vote for him.
I mean, not dead people we're not talking about.
We're not talking about people getting paid off, but like some legitimate voter, even old Cubans in Miami would vote for him.
Is there any such person that would do that now?
No.
Couldn't get elected dog catcher, Xavier.
Great.
Our letters to the editor, one about the Catholic Bishop's faith.
This is in the Harold.
Faded off her monetary support for the care of unwanted children because welfare across the fall on taxpayers.
It is more humane to abort than allow 20,000 children to be abandoned on the streets of Rio de Janeiro.
The thousands who live in the sewers of Romania or the very young who become slaves in India and Asia, whom police shoot at the slightest provocation.
Excellent letter, Celia Glance in Aventura.
Another great letter from Brent McLaughlin in Miami about Archbishop John Favolara's column, Michelle's parents choose life.
He should open his eyes so we won't be so astounded our amoral value system.
It says we're society that is convinced that God made a way for European settlers by wiping out Native American villages with the plague.
We also believe that the eye for an eye is a great way of life, hence capital punishment.
Many of us are growling about having to endure a few days of waiting before we can buy a gun.
A ball ball, thanks God for giving us bombs so we can enforce our political will on anyone in the world in the name of defense.
Of course, it shouldn't come as a surprise that violence simply is the non-negotiable American way of American life.
Yeah!
There you go.
Great letter, Brent McLaughlin.
One of the, I couldn't believe anybody else in this town would actually say that, except yours truly, except...
Daniel, come on!
I've gone, Brent. This is a violent, unacceptable country and it's just a barbaric, stone age barbaric.
People blowing each other away over a parking spot, over a ferbidol, whatever the hell it is.
You piss me off and so guess what? You're dead.
And what time is Judge Wattenrond?
We have an open line at day 5, 6, 7, 05. Oh, he's not on. Well, there you go. That's for you. Then I'm pissed off about that too.
Here's the derail. Hello?
Hey, Neil. Good morning, sir.
Where is this? Oh, are you?
Great.
Listen, uh...
Lost six pounds this week, sir. Oh, get my energy back. I'm starting to move it back into gear.
On the atkins?
Yes.
Oh, great. I want to clear up some stuff about that noise on the radio.
Please.
I've been hearing it for months. I never, I never called you about it.
Let me ask you. How come all of a sudden today? This is, you know, after all these months.
I mean, a one guy I do remember he called me months ago, but he was an isolated case.
I thought maybe he was nuts or his radio was screwed up. But now all of a sudden everybody in their brother is chiming and we got problems.
Well, because everyone thinks that it's their own radio doing it.
Right.
I thought it was my...
The miracle here might be shorting out.
I thought it was my own radio. I worked that was doing it because I do work with computers here and I thought it was doing something.
But then when I would take my lunch and go in the car, I'd hear it also.
And it does not last more than five seconds, Neil. No, it's...
There were five seconds is a long time.
It only lasts like two seconds. And it sounds like if you were taking a brule pad and like scratching it on the phone, you know, it goes...
For like two seconds.
A couple of things.
Well, you do scratch it on the phone sometimes. Not a brule pad.
A couple of things that I want to agree with you that you've talked about before.
In fact, with the rumor, in this impeachment hearing, this is getting that's one of the things that the president did.
He was scratching it on the phone with Monica on the other end. But anyway.
One thing is you always say that in every work environment, there's always one Nazi or one...
There's at least one trigger in the wood pile. You're absolutely correct.
I got so fed up that every time I would go to a new, let's say workplace, the person that was teaching me the ropes, I'd always tell them,
okay, tell me who is the person.
So that I would...
I would trigger that drive.
Yeah, just so I'd be prepared.
Another thing is Eckerd. Never go to Eckerd. I love wall green.
Right. Never go to Eckerd.
An event of a vegetable taste, yes.
Especially here in the date county.
Oh, it's God. No, no way.
And thirdly...
Like I said, especially in Broward County, because keep in mind the population in Broward is 10 times as old as in date county.
So you think Eckerd is bad in date county. Just go to Broward sometime, you'll blow your brains up.
And another thing is when you say that people turn left when they have the arrow and then they give them the red light and give you the green light,
and they're still turning their turn.
Oh yeah, they're turning their turn of time, right?
Yeah, yeah. I agree with that, too.
Welcome to South Florida, man.
Chameless request, please, sir.
Girls don't fart.
Oh, okay.
Thank you.
And have a great day.
Okay, we have an open line in Broward, too, in date.
If you move like lightning, maybe like greased lightning.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Palm 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
The Hank Goldberg show at 2.
The book's the word 6.
Any cap on the compulsive, no matter how gambling show at 10.
There.
You're looking for the glory hole.
All right.
I'm...seezing like a wild...
Christian...
Boy!
Up at the juice and get home old.
I like life too very...
No sky killing...
I'm staring to the stars...
No, the fire mold...
Like I know...
I'm...
Like a wild...
Christian...
And how we all must think and act alike...
Not to think whenever it's appropriate.
Yeah.
You would make me wonder for you.
Everybody in the world knows why and Chris did.
And look the same and set the same things.
Boy!
I don't think so.
No.
To me, that would be paradise and the recovery way.
I am...seezing like a wild...
Christian and how we all must think alive
All the games blackened yet long must die
Until everybody's Christian and
What? Don't forget George W. Bush Governor
Or Texas says that only Christians go to heaven
I'll just keep that in mind.
You have an open line and Broward to and
Dave 5 6 7 0 5 60 5 6 the only 18 T wireless line
Our topic today is meat as in root
Chris takes. I'm serious I just every time I go
There just blows me away. I mean some of us don't
She go to it just blows. But this place blows me away
Because it is so damn good. And man
I love that spinach. I'll groten you see the
Atkins I'm going to get all pumped up about this
Atkins again. And maybe even get some of the other
People on the station on the Atkins who
Desk but we need even if they don't know it yet.
Here's another fact that says there is a noise
That interrupts your show. It sounds as if a tape is
Rewinding on here. It kind of sounds like like that.
It's been there since you came back on here,
Which is only a year ago. Well, I told you this
Thought this is a little bit slow. In fact, we got about 10
Million people are going to be calling me. It's just they're not getting
Around it with yet. I said about six months.
Well, seriously, there are a whole bunch of people getting ready to call me one of these days, but not yet.
Not yet. They're busy. Then here's another one that says just found out from an
Unidentified source that the electrical engineer in the new macarena is named
Roy. How do you like that? Does that answer your question?
Uh-huh. And his assistant is Bob from FBL. Maybe that might have something to do with the problems.
Okay. Roy. Boy, they got problems over there. We got problems over here.
Oh, and also by the way, they can't hear QAM.
On the, uh, you know, inside the arena.
Used to be five, thirty on your radio inside the memory. You could hear the broadcast with Christine
Amoron and they can't hear it. And like I keep telling these people, what are you
Completed about? We're doing it as a public service.
I mean, you're going to learn anything about the game from him.
No. Who'd help him to hear some moron on the radio anyway.
So there's another technical glitch. Although, uh, rumor I'm hearing is it's from the inside of there in
Your read everybody. They're blaming us. We're blaming them. And guess what?
George Corso, our engineer don't have time to be dittling around.
We're about to macro arena. Okay. We're taking your Christine Amoron or not.
We don't have time for that. We're worried about our glitch that we got here,
Which we're just now finding out about that. God.
See, maybe it's the fact that we're doing a show on the ISDN because really what we do here
Every day is we're doing a show on a phone line.
Which sounds pretty good for a phone line. I mean, these ISDN hookups and this, you know,
Hank does and Boogster. They do shulos and the Hank this sporting Bruce.
And those outside shows for the most part usually sounds very, very good.
Once in a while, Eddie K goes to the Bahamas and it sounds like he's underwater.
But most of these are things I'm pretty damn good. The quality is excellent.
Every now and then they craft out completely like the day that Hank was over one of those joints
And had to drive back to the station because we couldn't get it on the air.
And we're like, hello, hello, that kind of stuff.
But what the great part about if and when we ever get in our new studios upstairs,
Like what is that? The year 2525? Then we won't be, were my right?
Am I correct? And they're correct.
All the stuff will be over here. The transmitters will be over here.
The transmitters.
The control room and everything.
Yeah. Well, that's what I mean. I don't mean the, right?
No, the train up the tower. The tower will be here right in the middle of the building.
Yeah. No, no, seriously. In fact, we're going to stick the tower up somebody's record.
We want to mention her name. Yeah, we're going to be across the hall from the controller.
It's just going to be a wire. Yeah, that's what I'm saying.
We won't be, we won't technically be doing the show on a phone line anymore.
So perhaps we can get rid of that.
That keeps the rough. In fact, you know what I'm going to start doing?
I'm there. If we don't have the problem any day, just call and let me know by about 130.
And I'll just do like that. So you don't feel like you're missing out.
No, seriously, they're probably people who don't even know their listening.
They're watching show some days because they're not hearing.
Like that. Right. And so they, you know, like what am I listening to?
I'm missing something here. Like Linus and his little thing.
Here's a mobile in for Lauderdale. Hello.
Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. You know, the reason that I never called you about that sound
was that it happens often enough and it's hideous sounding enough that I just assumed that it had to be one of the sound effects that you kept playing over and over on the show.
After using it to make fun of how cheap and bush league the radio station is because that that sound happens occasionally, not as often on your show as on other show.
Oh, no, no, wait, no, you tell me it happens on other shows very rarely. Yes, but very often on your.
So I was assuming. Oh, okay. No, wait, no, no, listen, we can solve this. Does it happen on the morning show ever?
I don't recall hearing it. I've only heard it on yours and Hank.
Oh, okay, because Hank usually like 90% of the time is smart enough to do a show outside.
So again, it would be on an ISD and phone line. So I think that's the problem because the morning show they're in the studio all the time, 98%.
But I just think it's funny that you haven't known about it all this time. And I was I was just assuming it was a sound effect that you were doing to make fun of, you know, the cheapness of the equipment there.
Yeah, like that.
The second point is I was just often fired up about the whole impeachment thing. And then I thought about it for a little bit and I realized that you know this is really a blessing in this guy.
Yeah, because we know it's not going to go anywhere, right? Because it's completely part of there is no chance that the Senate Senate can pick.
Boba on a trial, they're going to matter how many Lucian Goldbergs and Linda trips they bring for it because it takes two thirds of votes, 67 votes.
There's only 55 Republicans and even if every single one of them voted to convict, they need 12 Democrats or in the chance in how it's going to happen.
Plus, I already know that there's some Republicans in the Senate who already said that they will not vote for impeachment.
But I think it's a great thing that they're wasting all this valuable time and Congress on doing this one thing that's going to lead to nowhere when they could have been spending their time passing resolutions.
Against flag burning, making abortion illegal, putting prayer back in schools, all these things that they were supposed to do.
They will keep the fascist busy. That's a good point.
So it's keeping it busy. I was really scared when the Republican take over the Congress that they were going to start doing all this garbage.
This kind of flag waving or for politics, stuff that does nothing for anybody. And they're not doing it because they're busy on this witch hunt that isn't going to go anywhere.
So an actuality. That's what it's all about. I have a great day. I got to run. You got to pop this up this guy.
Actually, would continue the sedation to see what his level of conscience was this morning when we did that.
He was totally unconscious and unrespirer and just stimulate.
He developed higher fever during the night. Temperature was 102. His white blood cell count has gone up to 20,000.
Clearly, it's deterioration in the infectious situation. He's got a bit of a sophisticated x-ray which allows us to look into the real inner force and the law.
So it's like an ammonia.
Or going to be dealing with his is a staphylococcus. And he's got a three antipyrate.
Unfortunately, we've been unable to get on top of this bacterium.
His vital signs, however, are quite good. His blood pressure is normal. He is off all blood pressure support medication.
And he'll maintain his blood pressure. It kidney function is good. His cardiac function is good.
How about it?
Unfortunately, the central issue, which we've been dealing with over the past two months, the lungs.
Those are the things that really aren't good and they are causing us our major problems.
That's enough depressing news almost at lunchtime.
Joe to my view, it's not looking real good.
You know something? This is more important than penis gait. It's more important than anything.
And I wasn't aware of that.
So thank all you people in the media for letting me know that the Joe to my view is this important.
I guess your car is right. He's the missing link.
We have an open line a day two and Broward 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line 20 to noon at QA.
It's just kids getting bigger.
Right along to the gate square. That's got a great big zippering the back of my pants.
Get off the horse at the old barn door. Got my saddle burned around on the right and on the horn.
Look at the side folks are dancing all around. There goes Johnny and his mother's not. Yeah.
All the man left and all the man right. All the man needs to be able to fight.
Give your partner a silly a smirk all going hand for a big circle jerk.
Followed here's all raise your hand. Who's going to be the next pivot man?
Invite your partner home for a drink.
Take your lips and give him a wait for the great big smile and a great big knock. Let him know your gerbil deep flow.
Hello Joe. What do you know? We need a hit. So here I go.
Right to the line.
Yeah.
I'm going to rotate the wheelie.
I'm going to rotate it.
I'm going to rotate it.
I'm going to rotate it.
All right my dear.
Don't be so. He's got on the edge.
All right.
He started baseball famous street that got us all a soul.
All right.
He's just a man and not a friend.
Joe's and Joe's and Matthew.
Joe's and Matthew.
We want you one.
He tried to mark that 44th July the first year.
You want to hear the right to this? No.
Well why not? I'm trying to get with the program.
I don't want to be a party pooper. I want to join in with it.
It's like the thing at the hockey game.
They're having a good time.
Just because of all the technical problems.
Nobody knows what's going on with the game.
They're still having a good time.
They're watching themselves up on the screen.
They're doing the way they're having a good time.
That's why they can leave wood like 10 minutes left in the Thai game.
They don't have five minutes.
Whatever it is. They don't care.
They're just having a good time.
They're a little socializing going on.
So I'm trying my best to jump on the band.
Wait and play a little look.
What is it?
Joe to imagine.
I want to hear from some.
Oh wait a minute.
I'll put it up again.
Joe to imagine when a coma breaking news.
How did that?
What is that?
You're on the wrong station.
We don't want to hear what ever perverted stuff here.
And as a matter of fact, here at the new hospital, there is a wing.
The Joe to imagine your children's hospital.
Okay, give her that air.
It's the same.
He's in a coma.
Joe to imagine your own.
I'd like to hear from some other people.
I don't want to feel like I'm out on the limb.
I'm not insensitive.
He was an American hero a long time ago.
Are there other people that don't really care?
I mean, it's 84 years old.
It's not like he's 50.
He's 84 years old with one lung.
Now.
I want to find out if I'm out of step again.
As usual, just like with Eric Clapton's kid flying out the window.
I want to find out if I'm insensitive in the real son of a bitch.
Am I?
Come on.
Let's hear it.
Got one lousy caller on the board.
Because they're all wanting to TV.
There he is.
There is Joe to imagine.
He was out there.
Yankee Stadium.
One of the 4,000 times they honored him for being a ball player.
And Murray to Maryland Monroe.
That's why they admired him.
Because it was Murray to Maryland Monroe.
They were jealous.
Why the hell not?
5 6 7 0 5 60, pawn 5 60 on the 8th.
In fact, I guarantee we have people listening to me right now who wouldn't know Joe to Maggio from Mochie Pupick.
I bet you that.
I will guarantee you that there are people listening to me right now who wouldn't know Joe to Maggio from Frank says no one CNN.
Here's a mobile in Weston.
Hello?
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I was wondering.
You think the signal is going to run an odd line on a Joe lives a die?
Uh-huh.
Well, that's in here this morning.
What's that?
It's in here this morning.
Check it out.
Page 28 on the sports side.
I can check it out.
Right next to the ads for all the strippers, the hookers and the escort services.
We have an open-minded Broward.
Joe to Maggio is right on the edge.
Don't tell Greg Cotex that they're here.
They'll probably have a nervous breakdown.
Because it wasn't bad.
He couldn't handle the fact that George Burns actually died or whoever else he met.
And Frank Sinatra died.
Oh my.
Oh.
American icons.
I love that word icon.
I love that.
He's an icon.
Well, what does that mean?
I don't know.
He's an icon.
He's like important.
Based on what?
Well, he was a good ball player.
Yeah.
Mickey Mantle was a great ball player.
He died and all they wanted to talk about is how he got a liver ahead of somebody else.
Well, he should have done all that drinking and got some roses.
Well, maybe Joe D.
Should have done what it's smoking.
Okay, but at least he somehow survived to 84.
And I'll say it again.
Would most of us be happy to make it to 84?
Yeah.
But you're sweet ass.
Man.
But I guess and Eddie the Pope, as you would know, of course, who's Mr. Cornball, the greatest Cornball in history of mankind.
He's got a glowing article there.
What does this thing say?
This morning in a herald, the dignity of Joe Demagio.
Oh, yeah.
Papa, Papa, Papa says Eddie the Pope.
The eagle has landed.
The eagle has landed in candle at the corner of 117th Avenue Road in Kendall Drive at the Shell Station across from the Denny Inn.
And they don't have any of the part 1 CDs just right now saying this Russian over to the Grove to get them to get plenty of the part 1 cassettes.
He's rushing over to the Grove to get them because they're not telling our stuff in the Grove.
Is that the reason they have a lot of us to mention that's over there in the Grove?
I don't understand that.
I think they hate me in the Grove.
I think there are a bunch of closet queens in the Grove.
I don't know what their story is.
Okay, let's find out about Joe Demagio and whatever else.
Maybe we'll find somebody who actually heard him.
Here's Cutler Ridge.
Hella.
Cutler Ridge.
Going one.
In Cutler Ridge.
Going twice.
Gone.
Hi, Alia.
Hello.
Yeah, I think Joe Demagio was a great ball player.
Yeah, and I think your chronic asshole is what I think.
Okay.
Chronic.
Two open lines in date.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, and Papa.
We're not looking for chronic.
Okay, we're not that desperate.
Okay.
Just the sound of your voice is worse than that scratching sound that the audience is hearing on it.
In fact, maybe it is your voice.
That's what they're confusing with that scratching sound.
I think it is on a blackboard or on your record.
That's what they're hearing.
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
I don't know who makes these throughout more is Dr. Laura or Henry Hyde.
They're both the biggest hit for Christian the world.
Yeah.
And also we'll never be more present because there's a bill that $40 million is going to be allocated to check out everybody who runs for presents.
So we'll never have any more present.
Right, now 55 million.
Right.
In fact, you're going to have to have your penis inspected before you have a chance to be a candidate.
You know, I want to know why every posh of host in this market sucks up to you.
They won't have to.
They're like who are we talking about?
Oh, like SK.
Mr. Ego sucks up to me.
Everybody sucks up to you.
Well, who else?
Well, he has no audience.
We want to suck up to me.
So I'll promote his thing over there, which I have.
I'm the only guy we've even talked about him.
Well, one of us needs a lot of that.
And who else named him in the 20 or 30.
Rick and Todd.
Well, Rick and Todd's our friends of mine.
We worked together for it.
Why shouldn't they suck up to me?
Should they rip me?
They should not.
They should kiss my ass.
Hey, I don't think anybody should rip you because I think it's the greatest.
That's right.
Thank you very much.
Okay, we have an open line in front.
What was he saying?
He ate something like that.
Five, six, seven, oh five, six.
Oh, maybe that was that one.
He's like that.
Is that what you're hearing?
Is that it?
Yeah.
We'll get to the bottom of this today.
You marked my words.
Forget about the engineering staff.
They're busy with eight million other problems.
We'll work this out.
They're busy over to Macarena.
So you can hear the.
And by the way, don't come up to me and complain that you can't hear Chris Moron.
Okay.
In the Macarena.
Anybody that wanted that needs to hear him.
Is there anything he's going to say that's going to add you in joy?
I'm going to the game.
No.
That's going to give you any of them.
I mean, you're sitting there.
It's right in front of the guy named James.
What do you need to hear him for?
He's not describing it.
He's talking cock-o.
He's talking Jersey crack.
That's what I'm saying.
In fact, almost everything that comes out of Christine and Moron's mouth is correct.
That's right.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello?
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I bought both your CDs.
Thank you.
I had borders and plantations.
Great.
I have some information about that scratching sound.
Yes.
It just happened.
It did?
When you played the Georgia audit reggae a bit.
I didn't play the Georgia audit.
Well, it was like an intro to the program.
Right before Joe DiMaggio did it.
Oh, OK.
When you transferred or transitioned from one to the other.
Yeah.
That's when the scratching sound.
How do you like that?
We'll get to the bottom of this if it's the last thing.
At least it's something different.
You know what I'm saying?
It's something new and better than the hearings up there.
I was like everybody else.
I thought it was my brain.
Now let me ask you this.
Are you broken up about Georgia Maggio because he has slipped into a coma.
Is that to distribute deeply or?
No, it does not.
OK, thank you.
I have a great day.
Oh, see, there's another bastard out there.
I mean, I don't want to sound insensitive,
but I'm not going to come in here and lie to you.
If it was something that I really admired tremendously,
or that was a contemporary, Georgia Maggio was not my contemporary.
He's 84 years old.
A couple of days ago on Monday, I think I was trying to ask for old parts.
We had like two people.
How many other than my mother, how many people close to that age,
do we have listening?
One in this audience.
We just don't have that many people are really new.
I grew up with Georgia Maggio.
I'm sorry.
I hate to break the news to you, but most of those people are,
I don't want to be indelicate, but like dead.
OK, I said it.
I'm sorry.
Should I have said dead?
No.
They're like, they've passed away.
Don't you like that expression?
They passed away.
They're dead.
As opposed to alive.
OK, it's not like they're...
And then of course we got a lot of people down here,
which is debatable.
I was going to say, is there a stage between dead and alive?
Then I forgot where I am.
It's called South Florida.
It's like between like purgatory.
Like Sunrise.
We have an open line in date.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Jolten Joe.
Hope you're long now, baby.
And he's got a lot of nerve to upstage the goddamn impeachment.
The speechment hearing is going on up there.
How do you like that?
First, do you have to stick his nose in there and mess with the Kennedies
when he started Ditto and Noelle of Maryland Monroe?
And now he's picking up her inappropriate time to slip back.
In fact, you know something?
Maybe he was watching the impeachment hearing.
For instance, let's put him back into a coma again.
Sure as hell having a good, it's working effectively for millions of Americans
putting all of us into a coma.
Watching his crap as they rehash the same bull crap over and over
and they're sitting there pontificating with their hypocritical bull crap.
That's exactly what it is.
There's sanctimonious bull crap.
I told you that month ago, and I'll use that term again.
It's sanctimonious hypocritical bull crap, especially from that asshole.
He can run, but can't hand me high.
And he can't run too fast, by the way.
Big fat cow.
Makes me look like a midget.
Big humongous fatty waddles.
Have you seen him?
He gets up from the next...
His puppet likes to stick straight out.
Waddles.
Four minutes before noon at five.
Give me a good, splung guy.
It looks like a pink, pink, a hell of a pink head candidate.
Four minutes before noon at five, 60, WQN.
Get push.
I got the mooo.
Well, we were out on our first date after eating at a Mexican cafe.
I knew we were driving in my car.
Let one go, that'll look blue as gold, so wait.
I have this in the touch of cheese that she turned around to look at these at girls' home cars.
Girls don't fart, you can't have a seat at girls' home cars.
But I use it.
It's the order for me.
I ain't in through my clothing in my hand.
And so I roll up and go down so fast, my dad's on air.
It's like something's died in there.
Girls don't fart.
Girls don't fart.
She kept on telling me that girls don't fart.
But I do.
I heard another said least word.
Then I held my nose and covered it with my shirt.
I turned around to get her back.
It kept a matter of time before another attack.
So I had to keep you in the okay.
That you looked at me.
It's hard to tell you that you're in the girls' home cars.
Girls don't fart.
Girls don't fart.
But I do.
Girls don't fart.
Girls don't fart.
Girls don't fart.
Girls don't fart.
Girls don't fart.
Why are fart is funny?
I don't think it's good to be honest with you.
Is there anything funny about it at all?
Unless you're intentionally speaking one out like an elevator to piss somebody off?
I'll tell you a great story.
When I was working at WJMO in 1975,
and I had lost 100 pounds in the previous year.
So at that time I was busy putting it back on.
Eating gargantuan meals.
There was a place called when I used to go to this buffet every day.
Oh man, it was a grand, probably long gone.
Can't think of the name.
So I had just gone and eaten this enormous meal.
And like about an hour later,
I'm in the station doing some work getting ready to go on the year and the afternoon and whatever it was.
And I go to the magic room.
Make it a positive and I am going to tell you.
I know it's a middle of one's time.
I don't want to get too graphic.
But I just suffice you to say it was bad.
I mean, it smelled real bad.
I mean like the end of the world.
And I walked out of there.
Oh my, and I'm saying to myself,
oh I sure hope nobody walks in here anytime like in the next two, three hours.
Because it's embarrassing.
And I walked out and I walked down the hall.
And far enough away from the restroom.
So that it almost saying it was anonymous at that point.
So I'm walking back up the hall toward one of the other rooms I was doing some work.
And some one of our salespeople I think comes running out of the men's room.
Saying, oh my god, it smells like somebody died in there.
And I'm going to myself.
Yeah, like with kind of a smug sense of satisfaction knowing that I just didn't out of there.
In fact, I think you need a number of just pants.
I'm not sure which number, but you just couldn't handle it.
Yes, $20.
Well, okay, see we're going to do this again like yesterday.
Is that it?
Uh-huh.
Sam and Chris are there impatiently waiting.
I told yesterday we start with $20,000.
Pretty slow.
Okay, they're not there yet.
We wound up with $1,200 a set of one yesterday.
And we'll do the same again today or guy, Dan and I want to know what's wrong with those people around in Kendall.
Sam and Chris got the vans down there, town and country mall, 117th and Kendall Drive.
We got the best of CDs and cassettes.
We got best of Neal T-shirts.
Shells.
Shells.
What do I say?
Total country mall.
That's what I said, the Shell Station and town and country mall.
Now let me ask you, how come we keep showing up at the Shell Station?
So they got something to do with us then?
Uh, I think we're in bed with them.
We're in bed with them.
Hey, that's great.
We love our shells.
And the gas station too.
So that's where we are.
Go by there and bring a check and pick up some stuff.
And let's start raising them to serious money today.
Here's my goal.
Here's the way I have this thing laid out.
A week from tomorrow, Saturday the 19th, we're going to be noondit to with the borders and plantations.
By the time we finish that day, that weekend, I want to be at 90 grand.
Okay, from a week from tomorrow, we got 80, uh, we got to have like 82 or 82 right now, minimum,
based on, you know, what we don't know about the internet and borders and so on.
So that's not unreasonable.
So if we can make it to 90 by the end of next Saturday, including that remote, that appearance,
then next is two weeks to get another 10 grand piece of cake.
And like I said, the beesleaves, no problem at all.
Whatever shortfall they come up with, they'll throw it on there.
Won't they?
No.
Here's the porine.
Hello?
On Camille.
How you doing?
Great.
First time, Carla, the art-completed, complex, rather from date.
All right.
All right.
Two things I want to talk about.
You got me feigning for some root grids now.
I had it once and now you have me wanting to go back and get a one day.
It's just so good, man.
Just making your push, man.
And, uh, number two, yes, sir.
Jody, I do not care about them.
I'm out of fact.
I want to make a request.
Yes.
Could you please, please, please play me one foot in the grave.
Okay.
Thank you.
Is that what that's called?
It's called one foot in the grave?
What the hell?
What is that?
This is special.
You bastard.
You prick.
This is the end, man.
You lost contact with the audience.
No rationality.
Eighth-fifth of these, please.
But you might have ever had it.
On foot in the grave.
They say that I have no chance to be saved.
And see the light now.
I'll be checking out.
Be full tonight.
Is full.
The chairman of the board.
I wasn't posting very soon.
I'll be decomposing.
All right.
And the end, you know.
Soon I will be with you.
Who's the baby?
One foot in that grave.
Someone for Barbara.
I've got one foot in the grave.
People are surprised that I am still alive.
In Xi in 95.
I don't think I'll sing today.
My life is fading far away.
Whoa.
Made it through the night.
This is surprising.
Did not think I'd see.
That's an arriving not back for a guy.
Who's one foot in the grave.
A couple of babies.
Elves in the middle.
Where is Elves?
I'm right here.
Did he get it?
Not yet.
On Rock with my blood.
I'll check it out, baby.
Eight minutes after noon in 560 WQM.
Let's hear it for the chairman of the board.
Don'tenjo.
A couple of American icons.
Whatever that means.
That word just drives me up the wall.
Icons.
Isn't that a ridiculous word?
He's an icon.
What is that?
What is that?
What?
He was a ball player.
The one guy was a ball player.
This guy was a singer in a, you know,
never met a mobster he didn't like in a thug and a goon.
We have an open line of day.
560, 7.
05, 60.
Basically what that means is a product of media hype.
I think is what it's all about.
A very effective product of media hype.
And in their case, like tremendously effective.
But the Joe to Magiou thing just floors me.
Because years go by, you hear nothing about Joe to Magiou.
Except once there are a lot of the appears in one of those old time
or games, the Yankee Stadium or the give them an award or whatever.
And that's all you hear.
He's a very quiet, personal, uh,
shut away from the rest of the world, eating in the back of the deli then.
And now he's dying.
It's like, oh, every five minutes we've got to have a guy to them
update or we just can't survive.
We got a bunch of lunatics up there trying to a lynch mob trying to get rid of the president.
But we don't care about that.
Joe to Magiou is back in a coma again, you know.
Oh, oh boy.
Paul Simon's probably got spooky just thinking about it right now.
12, even the glam have spookies with 1209 is 560 WQM.
Sports radio 560 Q8M.
Oh god, Neil.
This is Debbie.
Hello, Debbie.
I'm interested in going through operations done.
Okay.
And some body contouring and some liposuction.
Uh-huh.
And I was wondering if it's a tummy tuck and lip augmentation cosmetic
breast surgery face gift for all of these things.
Uh-huh.
And I was wondering.
What would you like to start with?
Well, I need to get everything done.
Probably the first thing I'd like to have removed is my, uh, my thing.
Okay, we don't do that.
No.
Could you do breast implants, though?
Uh, I can't be done.
I don't know what they would do right away.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Uh-huh.
How much?
Uh, 5,000.
Excellent.
I'd like to have my skin resurfaced too.
Laser surgery.
Uh-huh.
Have the lambs stop crying yet, mommy?
Excuse me?
Don't hurt mommy's little baby.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I'd like to get the liposuction that I saw on TV.
Okay.
Can you make me look more like a woman?
Well, we'll have to see you first.
And then, upon looking at you, we can tell you that when we see you.
Should I wear my skin suit made of body parts, mommy?
Uh, if you'd like to.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Would you like to make an appointment?
Yes.
Okay.
Um, there is a $100 consultation fee.
That's fine.
Okay.
Okay.
Um, my name is Buffalo Bill.
Okay.
Let me give you a little information from you.
Okay.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I understand.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Do you want to come in for a consultation?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Uh, okay.
Would you like to make an appointment?
Or do you want to call me back?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I understand.
I got my skin suit and you're probably like, uh-uh.
Bill.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I understand that.
Would you like to make an appointment?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Would you like to make an appointment?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Okay.
I will talk to you in a time, okay?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Hello.
Oh, yeah.
Hello.
Oh, yeah.
I can play that like every five minutes.
It's just like my pants.
Where's Jun Allison when we need her, okay?
Squared Squared.
Oh.
You know, I just got, it's a good thing that I've played that again to give me some laughter after reading this box.
I am so distraught.
I have no words to describe it.
I just received a fact.
I must be getting slow, stupid, accommodation in the above in my old age.
Andy from a Hollywood, who I thought was like a long, distant part of our past,
writes this facts.
And when you hear it, you're going to realize how really stupid I am.
It says, I think it's getting out of hand on a few issues.
Number one, every time I call, George hangs up.
I've worked, George.
Number two, I factually, when you don't read it, I would like to ask you a question.
But first of all, I want you to know that I come over to every game with my girlfriend and we always talk.
I give you spy reports and you always seem happy to see me.
My girlfriend is Chinese.
I know you've seen her before.
Neil, can I please call you once a month?
No.
Please, I have a lot of material.
Andy and Hollywood.
No.
Now, I never thought of me because I only saw Andy from a Hollywood once,
like a long time ago at the Old Arena.
And immediately, I registered my mind.
I forget who that is and I want to know who that is.
And it comes over before the game, like on the game on Wednesday night, the out of a game.
And I'm there.
Who the hell is this?
I don't know.
He says, I'm eight million people come over to talk to me before the game.
So I want to see and some like, Andy, I don't want to see.
And he starts a song and a dance with me Wednesday about how he called the station
to complain that he can't hear QAM inside the arena.
Okay, should that give you a clue right there?
What we're dealing with somebody who wants to hear Chris Moore, who's supposed to be a hockey expert, Andy.
But he needs Chris Moore to listen to that during the game.
Does that tell you all we need to know?
And then he tells me about calling the station and he tried to call him QAM
and there was nobody alive and it was recording and Andrew Aston, the woods extension
and this one, he goes through a long kind of, and I said, listen, why just leave them alone?
I didn't even know who it was this guy.
Because he comes over like I'm supposed to know him.
I said, just leave George Corso or engineer alone.
He said, it made another thing to worry about.
We can't worry about whether you can hear QAM in your room.
Just watch the game, you know.
And pappa pappa pappa.
Yeah, I do know he's got a Chinese girlfriend and she seems very nice and what she's doing with him.
I have no idea.
But oh my god, this puts a whole loose land on the whole thing now.
That's Andy.
I don't believe that.
I can't believe I'm that stupid.
Seriously, I know I'm dumb.
Believe me, I know I get dumber by the minute.
But I cannot believe that that guy is Andy from Hollywood and I've been getting sucked into talking for...
Why, what did he say that?
If that's really him, why doesn't he ever say that?
Because he knows that all immediately call the usher and have him removed.
The answer to all of your questions, Andy, is...
No!
Okay, if you got that, was that loud enough?
No!
There you go.
Open line is Broward.
One?
We're up to 100 good.
It's kind of dead.
He said...
Chris.
Well, that's not going to get the job done.
What's with all you people down around Kendall?
Okay, the Shell Station, over there by the town of Country Mall, Kendall Drive in 117th.
We raised $1,200 in Broward yesterday and started a little bit later, by the way.
We started about 1220, I think.
Started this thing 10, 15 minutes ago and we got $100 bucks.
That's five pieces.
Now, are we giving away Dolphin?
What do we got down there?
Let's lay it out for a bit.
Yeah, we got a whole bunch of crap that we're giving away too for people to make donations.
We got some probably some Dolphin t-shirts and DNH stickers and buttons and all kinds of whatever we got.
We changed much, but we got it.
And we want to raise a lot of money down there between now and two because this is the idea.
Just like that mail, we did get two more like I told you, a little check that's staggered in here.
But that's not my idea of a flood of mail.
Like I'm coming yesterday, George's orders of pile of mail for we're in there coming here for envelopes.
And now, five, yeah, one of them wasn't that you checked.
That's a pile of mail?
Not for our come from maybe it gave me piles looking at it, but that's not my idea of a tremendous response,
especially compared to the old days we've come in to get a stack of mail every day, 30, 40, 50, 60, 80, 100 envelopes.
You know, we got time is of the essence.
It's the 11th of December.
We got 20 days left, which sounds like one day less than three weeks to raise just under another 20 grand here.
We can do it.
But man, you folks out there are real recalcitrant and real slow.
And down here in Kendall, you think that they'd be lined up from here all the way to God damn McKee West.
Down there in Kendall.
Here's Pember Pine.
Hey, how you doing, Neil? Great.
Okay, you have four things on this.
Yes, sir.
Okay, first off, the reason that the module is an icon, look how ugly he is.
He got mail in the row.
Yeah, I agree.
Like I said, I think this is main clean to say.
That's why he's an icon.
Right.
Most importantly, last night I tried one of those.
I was the icon or an eye sore.
Okay, I'm sorry. Go ahead.
I tried one of those fish sticks off, right?
Yes.
Went out, took a bite, went back in about six more.
Uh-huh.
Now, where did you get them?
Did you get them at the...
I went to your mobile station right there.
Ah!
The module station is where you get the good fish food and Ben and Jerry's and fish sticks.
Yes, mobile.
Well, like they're in a whole cool...
Where is it?
It's a whole cooler for that stuff.
Right.
Like, oh, beautiful.
They don't sell that in the regular store, they do that.
Yeah, they do.
And in fact, if you go into public, if you go where they have all the...
Not your regular rice people, where they have all the ice cream bars and that stuff.
Usually you'll find some in there.
Like they have it like it's not like a single bar, but like a six-pack of them.
No.
Just one.
Uh-huh.
See, I got that same way with the little pint and stuff like that.
Right.
Okay.
Uh-huh.
Let's see.
Next thing I want to discuss with all you guys is...
See, and then believe me, that's the safe way to do it.
Because you know as well as I do, if they sold them like they do the Eskimo pies and those other things, like a 12 packs or 12...
You go home and eat out 12, I know I would.
I could do it.
It's not about skin, that's true.
I could eat four of them on the way home in the car, easily.
Yeah, I'm only like six, three, like 180, so I mean, I could afford it.
I could afford, you know, maybe eat out.
Yeah, you got some room to fill up there.
And then you were talking about like, you know, they were...
Actually, Capcom last night was running a pool on when he was going to die.
They were like, you know, you can pick the time and the date.
And Capcom was running a pool on when...
And Capcom was going to die or you're up at the manager?
Oh, yeah.
Well, of course, any of you'll take odds on anything.
He doesn't care.
He's, you know, he's...
He's game.
But then I think you get someone not to be picked here, so...
And then lastly, Andy, stay away from the phone and the fact that you do it, Emma.
Okay, thank you so much.
Next slide.
Good job.
All the way around.
We have a...
Really, seriously, it takes an awful lot to shock me.
But when you tell me, when that fact tells me that that's Andy from Hollywood,
that comes in a costume before every game, like I'm expecting, like he's my long lost best friend in the world.
And I'm expecting to see him.
I don't know what to say.
I'm at a loss.
I'm absolutely lost.
And the fact that...
And, you know, isn't it enough for him to come by and hack me a Chinese before the game?
Which I'm always very cordialist.
Isn't that enough?
No.
He's got to, like, keep muscleing and we don't want to talk to you, Andy.
You have nothing to say.
Hey, that can't...
I'm sorry, I don't believe that.
No, I don't believe the facts.
I do not believe that that's Andy from Hollywood.
You're in denial.
Because when he calls it on a show, he's such a simple and wipering knitwood who's got nothing to say.
And when you see him there, he's like, yeah, I mean, I'm not saying he's got anything great to tell me,
but, like, which is up a little bit.
And most people are the opposite.
On the phone, they're like a lot more outgoing and a lot more ballsy, et cetera.
And in person, they, you know, tend to be a little lower on the loopy side.
That was Andy.
He just called to say that's him.
No.
Yes.
Please, please don't tell me you just said that.
Pretend, put a smile on your face.
Pretend we're laughing again if that bit I played before.
Pretend, put the lotion in the basket.
There you go, Andy.
Put the lotion in your...
Correct, Andy.
And go see Dr. Ben Dover.
We have an open line of dating to it, bro.
Oh, this...
We were having such a great day.
I mean, it was just sensational.
We were having a picnic here today with the ants.
And I'm usually shan't without the ants.
Now we got the ants.
All right.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Come on.
I want to hear about Joe Dema.
You all want to hear from some people that are...
Think that he was an icon.
Who think that he was the last link with America's innocence with our past...
America's guilt.
Whatever he was the goddamn link to.
Maybe we'll hear from some old parts that used to eat the...
in the deli den.
Now, I'm sure that's the old deli den they're talking about.
Remember the deli den?
I should do.
I'm talking the original deli den before they had whatever the hell happened over there.
Do they have a fire or something?
And then one of the former owners of Blue is brains out, some horrendous things.
I used to be there all the time.
You used to be one of my sponsors.
You used to go to a great place.
Little that I know that Joe Dema was sitting there in a back eating deli.
And of course, guys, from New York, what do they eat? They eat deli, of course.
People from big cities, they like deli.
Even the goyum like deli.
That's right.
Here's a cover rib.
Hello.
You're a big stewed-oosh.
Yeah, okay, great.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Love you.
Yes, sir.
You have just called an election.
No, I'm playing on band YouTube CD.
Thank you.
And I'm a black swatzer.
I love your show.
All right.
You are the bomb.
Let me tell you right now what just happened.
Somebody cut him off.
That wasn't me.
I didn't do it.
Somebody cut him off.
But at any rate, like you said, the best watchers are black swatzer.
I will Malcolm.
I'm not sure just what you call him like light mocha.
How's Malcolm doing?
Okay.
We have an open line today.
5.6705.60.5060 on a mobile one line.
I get goose bumps when I think of Malcolm on the young and the horn.
I don't know who Malcolm is.
I bet you do.
Wow.
He is one.
I mean, yeah, if you look at Malcolm, then you believe there's a God.
Then you look at that and you say, wow.
Then you go home and naked like after taking a shower before in the morning and you look at yourself and you say, there's no God.
Damn it.
You say, you know, there's a devil.
But they're kind of, in fact, look at this guy.
Look at what's his name again, the big fact Democrat, the needler, nadler from New York.
The ability to vote intelligently.
I mean, he's a brilliant guy.
Don't get me wrong.
And of course, he's, he and my politics are similar.
But this guy, he doesn't have 20 chin.
He has no chin.
His head is just connected to where his neck used to be.
That's how fat he is.
Nadler, a needler, a needler from New York.
In fact, I think if they could get him and Henry Hyden like kind of change around where some of the fat belongs.
They both look like al-Ghosts.
You know, the good day.
And this goes down.
I mean, it's the best part.
I like is it's so shocking, you know, and like unpredictable.
Like all the Republicans are saying, oh, well, you know, good to go.
Yeah, right.
They're all saying what you know, they're going to say, the Democrats are saying what they're going to say.
And while all this testimony was being given, they're all busy drafting up their own one-centre resolution on one side
and four articles of speechment on the other side.
They're not listening to this crap.
It's all a show.
It's windowed dressing.
It's all to keep MSNB and NBC on here.
That's all.
166.
Yeah.
Well, that's pretty slow.
Yeah, but that's like it at first 20 minutes.
Yesterday, the first 20 minutes, we had 20 bucks, and Chris was out there whining.
Okay.
Shell Station in Kendall, 117th and Kendall Drive near the town of Cutie Mall over there, right in the Shell Station.
You'll see the QA in Vant.
You'll see them hanging around.
Yes, sir.
I was listening to Jim Manditch today on the radio.
And he made some very rude, rude comments about Frank Sinatra.
I don't know if you heard the program.
I thought I'd think you ought to look into it and have Mr. Manditch make an apology.
Oh, right.
He said about Mr. Sinatra and the Agri-Pills and not being able to close his confidence.
I thought was totally, totally out of line.
And I can't believe that a man of his is ability would even make those kind of remarks.
So, please see what you can do.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
As the most serious Japanese, Papa Papa Papa.
When you're spending this ghost of things, Papa Papa Papa.
Papa Papa Papa.
I'm trying to start a serious Papa Papa Papa Papa.
Papa Papa Papa.
It's my face, I'm not wearing it.
Papa Papa Papa Papa.
And it's just being easy to study.
The reason why the past is bad.
Here's the stuff that's hard.
It's raining, Papa Papa Papa Papa.
I know it's hard, I'm not getting ready.
Papa Papa Papa Papa Papa.
Let me name it, Grace Papa Papa.
Papa Papa Papa Papa Papa.
That's the place in the kitchen.
Papa Papa Papa Papa Papa.
She's a Friday with her kitchen.
Papa Papa Papa Papa.
Papa Papa Papa.
Papa Papa Papa Papa Papa.
You will laugh me, you will laugh me.
Papa Papa Papa.
My story has no happy ending.
Papa Papa Papa Papa Papa.
She still wishes that she's spending with Papa Papa Papa.
There is swiping down the Burgsterzse.
Papa Papa Papa Papa Papa Papa Papa Papa Papa Papa Papa.
Sure, judgment.
Papa Papa Papa Papa Papa.
I mean,ries to me.
Okay, right?
Noisy,, my videos.
Noirhole Hinduism.
This is a promise from the Reverend for no reason.
I'm going to have to go.
Yeah, that's it.
That's it.
How come she comes to mind with that 1234 or 560 WQM?
I'm so distraught that that can't really be Andy from Hollywood.
I'm I just can't convince myself that that can possibly be somebody that's
going to show us up their game after game night after night and just plant
himself in front of me like like I want to speak to him like I want to see
him like I want to know from him.
I can't believe that.
Is it possible?
Humanly.
Uh-huh.
Okay, let's do a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'm pissed as hell, man.
About man, this company I work for, they're the most stupidest people I have ever
ever met.
Yeah.
Every year we have a freaking Christmas party, right?
Every year except this year because I'm going to talk to the
police and they're going to talk to me about the
business and I'm going to talk to the police and I'm going to talk to the police
and I'm going to talk to the police and I'm going to talk to the police and I'm going to
talk to the police and I'm going to talk to the police and I'm going to talk to the
police and I'm going to talk to the police and I'm going to talk to the police and I'm going to talk to the
police and I'm going to talk to the police and I'm going to talk to the police and I'm going to talk to the
police and I'm going to talk to the police and I'm going to talk to the police and I'm going to talk to the
police and I'm going to talk to the police and I'm going to talk to the police and I'm going to talk to the police and I'm going to talk to the
police and I'm going to talk to the police and I'm going to talk to the police and I'm going to talk to the police and I'm going to talk to the police and I'm going to talk to the police and I'm going to talk to the police and I'm going to talk to the police and I'm going to talk to the police and I'm going to talk to the police and I'm going to talk to the police and I'm going to talk to the police and I'm going to talk to the police and I'm going to talk to the police and I'm going to talk to the police and I'm going to talk to the police and I'm going to talk to the police and I'm going to talk to the police and I'm going to talk to the police and I'm going to talk to the police and I'm going to talk to the police and I'm going to talk to the police and I'm going to talk to the police and I'm going to talk to the police and I'm going to talk to the police and I'm going
with people, we work together in that schools Society, we work together in that schools We work together in that schools we work together We work together in that schools we work together in that schools We work together in that schools We work together in that schools We work together in that schools We work together in that schools But treatment and increases My limited accessay should be nominated So okay, so okay. So okay. Alright, Thank you Thank you E how do you work together well thank you E how do you work together we work together we work together I'm going to talk to Ayy for you and Me develop our Dep series of linearly advanced options baby you help to hear you and send us with mostlim favorite topics in the U.S. Children Be classy like us and chat kind of amazing more awesome books What do we talk about with the platforms for manners wandering we talk about love channels and situations and ways favorite folks who say that we infamous bad guys in the U.S childrenSpeaker Hnesacker home say we take constantly OutInind your personal home queen ball order in cats
I
Are you sure
Merry Christmas
Policad my pass
Policad my pass they can't be scared at all like I
Policad my pass
Ponderable
Policad my pass
Policad my pass they
Must be in a parking lot
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas
I'm smoking all at my car
1245 at 560 WQM here's another fact
I know this is getting really ponderous you know did you read this yeah Andy's girlfriend Cynthia the Chinese young lady who seems like a very nice quite young lady but nevertheless
She's bugging me now. I'm gonna tell you these are a one two bug team
In fact, maybe they can come in here and do the exterminating when we're not here of course
My fiance Andy from Hollywood just called me and told me about his facts
He is Andy from Hollywood. He drives me crazy with your show occasionally listen to you at work
But sometimes just listening about your show is enough which I would imagine Cynthia can you please allow him to call so we can stop bothering me about it as Cynthia the answer
Cynthia is no did you understand and oh in English no in Spanish no no no no no no no no no no no
Tell him to get a life in fact both of you get a hobby okay get him out of my face out of my life
And if that isn't bad enough the worst news is that that's a dead location down there at 117th and Kindle Drive maybe I'm telling you that's not our audience down there didn't I tell you that
Those are a bunch of militant holios that live down there and then maybe not interested they don't know me from from Xavier Suarez from Sheriff Nick
So that they're gonna be moving out of there in a few minutes I have no idea how much we raised but I don't really not very much maybe a couple of hundred bucks
And I will waste it down there and now they're gonna be moving our van and all good stuff to the shelves on a corner of US 1 and 27th Avenue which is what what is that that the intersection but I mean what is it what what do you call that area South Miami US 1 and 27th Avenue something
I'll think it's a city proper just Miami just who the old village what I call it like I said okay we had a real good day with us yesterday and of course today we don't want to overdo it
We don't want to set too high of a standard because then you know we don't want to set the bar too high as they're talking about with the speechman craft let's set it we go low like they're doing like if you if you have a bad bomb over your impeached that kind of thing
So in about one 15 Sam and Chris and the agonzama's book will be there at the shell station US 1 and 27th Avenue with the best of the old stuff but let's see we can't raise a few under bucks there today come on let's get with it that kindle thing was a bum I told you we our audience is not in date County I've been sitting here for a year how many calls do we get from date County like for a day
The overwhelming majority of our calls are from brown like that thing in the grove are we raising any money in the grove no we saw any merchandise in the grove no
Sam went over to the grove to pick up what you know best in the O'Parte once because they're not moving in the grove no that's right they hate me like poison in the grove
They're too busy diddling each other in the grove they don't have time for us here's Miami hello yellow Neil yes sir how you doing great great man a little man I was just watching when you were talking about
a sliver Joe you know they had them on the news and you know for all bastard 80 something years old 80 for 84 yeah told enough you know I just turned 33 December 3rd yes sir and took the
South on my who you from from hell on okay from where from have Anna yes thanks anyway I got for my birthday tattoo
got a bunch of flames with the Cuban flag rising out of it yeah a flaming tattoo this fidelity in the middle of it we hope no no
it's not he's in the ashes he's in the summer anyway the other day I'm in the market and I'm wearing my tent cup because I'm letting it air out right I live in a little
back to all so yes I live by my my heart all of a sudden these old men start bad mouthing me as I'm coming out of the
monkey and I go what are you talking about man you know the flag rising out of it yeah there's a freedom on top and they go oh
because you know the flag and sacred and this and that oh Jay's Tom Hockley is trying to tell him
Cuban whatever the higher be said yeah but anyway so I tell him listen you know look at the
tattoos so anyway bottom line goes deal they go you shouldn't decorate the Cuban flag this and that
so I go man you guys are so stupid next thing I know one of them comes and fucker punches me on the back really yeah we're talking about like
all Martina's probably was you okay well don't do it again pal and burn this okay well he was airing it out what he
said and that's probably we're got really got him upset we have it open you know the diet that those
Cubans eat we have an open line and date five six seven oh five 60 and pound five 60 on a mobile one line
so they're going to us one in 27th Avenue that's like by La Malafia Lesi
Lesi is huh outside the Grove yeah I can't where we don't have any audience let me go into the Grove for
where we're not moving any merchandise in a Grove but it's not in the Grove I I know exactly where it is okay I know
exactly that much for shell station right it has a lot of traffic because of its location
okay I'm hoping for the best I appreciate the fact that you do with this it'll be very helpful whatever
we raise it'll got creep us up there toward the 90,000 mark and if we can do that by a week from tomorrow we
really have a good shot of getting that 100 grand in there for center one but boy yesterday University
in Broward heaven I always told you west Broward is where it's at they looked at the research in the last
rating book Weston that's our hottest zip code for our listeners in Weston of all places maybe
even that guy who Henry Hyde stole his wife that poor old guy maybe he's listening up there in Weston
you know how much else to do these days we know such Coleman is up there listening Weston we know
that for damn sure uh here's a mobile and peppered pine hello Neil yes sir I agree with you on
uh choking Joe's a module choking Joe yeah is it good wasn't it a nickname choking Joe to my
here right well now he's choking now he's choking Joe yeah I'm saying 84 years old hey he
okay thank you sir there you go we're taking a poll today and most everybody so far we have it
at one person because we don't have that already old enough to be all bent out of shape about it
I'm not saying it's a chance for it and as a matter of fact if you're gonna die it would have been
much better if you just like uh you know like that in his sleep and never woke up and they would
have had a big article about hey Joe to Maggio that as opposed to this Elizabeth Taylor kind of
thing that's going on where it's a soap opera and he's idiots like some of our five year old sports
aces on this radio station reading these breathless bulletins oh well don't imagine you're making
a remarkable comeback yeah right he's not making a remarkable comeback okay every time he takes a
breath without gasping is it oh he's doing a lot better now yeah he's dying just get over it
Jesus Christ in Sarah we have two open lines and Dave one and Broward five six seven oh five
six do we have a total from them down here it was 263 but that's not so bad not great it sure
is all ain't nothing like we did in plantation and of course they will have part one end to
and everything at the new location good okay at us one in north at 27th ever okay 80809 so we
get a couple hundred more in the next hour that'll put us over 81 grand that would be a good
accomplishment for the day you just start you just keep creeping it along like I said a thousand
fifteen hundred bucks today all together with the borders and the anewarages.com and with the male
and with the whatever else we got fifteen hundred day we can get to that hundred grand we just have
to keep pushing along and I would just keep pushing it here's a mobile in Miami hello male
yes sir how you doing great you have to tell Andy's girlfriend in Chinese I just may know it okay
Joe Madjo yeah Joe Madjo care less yeah that noise with the with the radio
yes sir I've heard that for a while too but I thought it was just my radio yeah see now we're
bringing attention to it so now what everybody hears it they're gonna say aha there it is I
get a digital turn up so if I go in like the golden glaze anywhere you're you're completely
whacked out the face is gone I'm like gold bike commercial in 95 you're talking Haitian all the
foot oh my god um I want to add one apology I didn't even like it's vacation yeah I said a
holy shot last time I called you and asked you about the price for for the dust the hot trip
right right you said something the other day about so for $199 what was that all about
I'm not a right here today today is the deadline by the way when today is the deadline if you want
to check it out it's it departs December 24th 5th and 6th at 8 before Christmas Christmas day
and the day after and comes back to Miami December 30th 31st or New Year's Day and it's a 199
bucks round trip round trip and martin air which is a good airline that's supposed to force but
anybody who want to give them a call it's a toll free number got a pencil got an instrument
1 800 627 8462 okay you got got to calm today because it says must be ticketed by December 11th
this is this be the deadline okay I want to ask you do you ever have a bidder this weekend
stuff speaking of what they were talking about yesterday we're telling us a Joey Reynolds story
which one well when they trying to kind of try to go through you as the mediator
all I'm doing Joey tried me to get them fired so we could get the job yeah right yeah yeah um
you know he went on as a real weasel man a devious no talent weasel is what he is
he looks with his buddy there are Russell and the oasis actually what he did is he called them
to say they can plus blah blah blah and very rich kind of went off and you know whatever right
you have a national ice cream month national ice cream month yeah the guy screams for ice cream
and the guy's got a real filter oh I'll I'll I'll dig it up and where do you find Hank Goldberg
at the buffet table okay that's not what that's called is it national ice cream what is that
caused that it says the ACM thing I'll find okay so there's your last thing for Amspidam
which I can't think of too many places better to celebrate Christmas week it'll be a little
on a chilly side over there take your long johns we have an open-line andbroward 5 6 7 0 5 60
pound 5 60 animal mobile one line speaking of Hank he'll be away from the buffet table and on the
year at two o'clock today from the studio no less oh boy he'll be over there so many sex from 2
to 6 books shambi our region the only orange hero at all coast in America and at Kaplan will be
taking odds on where they're going to bury Joe D the over is the unders how far under et cetera and so on
oh it's very tasteless and now it's not you know when you're dead you're dead it's uh it's part of
the game okay it's the way nature works you live you do the best you can you die
and all these people that though well let's don't like that bitch that called about Sonatro okay he's dead
you don't care if they can close the box or not he's dead
I wonder when Warren Bady dies until he'll be able to close by wonder if Milton Burle when he
guys will they be able to close the box no I doubt it not from what I hear
the Neil Roger show now on 5.6v wqa m Miami Fort Lauderdale
all right i didn't say how to share of Nick out of way i thought i feel really bad about that
though i mean it was uh i would nearly i would have done it but i like i said it wasn't such a
state of euphoria i will say this about sure of Nick he's got good taste and he probably wasn't
buying the meal he was with a bunch of other people at roots chris i would nearly don't go out of my
way to do even i mean air response you hear this spot on a station all the time i think because of
the fact that i'm here and i rave about them all the time i think that definitely isn't that what's
off yeah but i mean man that it's just so great and these people that are looking for something better
and something fine go there and have a great time i love roots chris in fact i'm gonna i made a
new years resolution right now because back when i was doing the ed can fairly seriously i was eating
there a lot the only thing i don't like about roots chris like i said before is where it is way
over there like way east which i live way out with it takes me as long to get over there as it
does if you were coming from dav cali which they have that one on one sixty third which is way
over there on the intercursor which is also way east way out there east that's not my territory
once you get east of 441 i say okay have a nice life you know what i'm talking about
east of 441 is just uh those are not not my people okay where we're going here here's kendall hello
yeah new yes sir how you doing okay a lot of time mister um well what i i want to say that
let through the mario diad guys whatever you with a my car i'm dying peace that's right he was an icon
he was a uh whatever he was he was an ugly guy to play with baseball and married my alarm
row let him die already leave him alone yep i'm gonna get far over there in the hospital i smothered
with a pillow okay thank you okay you want the chief okay how's the chief doing by the way anybody
seeing him no luck jack Nicholson no wants to hear him no more but a great movie that was oh my god
kukus nest anybody makes a list of the top 10 movies of all time and leaves out kukus nest that
person is kuku make no mistake about that right nurse ratchet oh and he was when
he was strangling her and the way that you can see the strangle marks him on her neck i was going oh
yeah and her eyes were like bulging out of her head that was beautiful
and then of course when they were getting the electro shock therapy that's america that's
american medical care for you by the way right there electro shock therapy how many people have been
butchered up and put into uh right like one of the kendays that kendallie daughter that was
um retarded or whatever remember that if you read your history book now they kind of center off
for a lot of electro shock therapy and she became very gentle and very dothal like kind of like
jack Nicholson and kukus nest now who's i think that was uh one of the sins i think it was the
kennedy brother sister i don't know somebody in that family those cat likes that so then any babies
here's my me lake hello you're the only a break now okay break this
Andy's boyfriend i guess wait till simpia finds out about that we don't want to hear about Andy
anybody that mentions Andy anymore it'll be dumped okay won't get out of here so almost your time
now that i uh understand who i'm dealing with and what it's all about now i really realize what i
say you know it's amazing over the years as you get rid of one there's always somebody new comes
along to replace them to fill their big shoes with crap right we came here over to this station
after my seven month paid vacation on which i had a spectacular time i come over here
Greg from blatant beach we find he's moved up there to port st loosely calls us up early along and i
you know hung up on him although we did have a factory mimic in the other day which is embarrassing
we threw in the waste basket and don't ever want to hear from him again we get rid of him now we
come over to this station oh here's the hockey expert Andy from hollywood who just won't take no
for an answer okay have a great life we wish you nothing but the best i just don't want to talk to
you you're a whining simple fool on the on the phone okay i don't want to talk to you on the
phone or in person go away and as soon as we finally get rid of him if that's ever possible
there will be somebody else to come along it'll be hamyanca and deer field or summit whoever the
hell it will be like we've all said before there's always one cigarette a wood pile always one
here's coconut grove hello hi hi hi okay you must be the one in the grove that's listening yes all
three of us great uh the board is here it's hiding your your CD's under the counter under the counter
yeah what kind of crap is that so that's why you're not behind they're not behind the counter they're
under the counter so in other words you have to go out of your way and go in there and ask yeah
we'll tell everybody to butcher up an axe yeah what do you think about a hogan run for president
what do i think about what hogan run for president yeah hogan okay we have an open line and
date one bro that wasn't a grove just to figure that out five six seven oh five sixty and
pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line doodoo doodoo doodoo doodoo yeah right here's a mobile
in four-letter deal hello deal he was trying to say hall cogan but he just couldn't get it out yes sir
speak to me sir deal i wanted to re-interrate i got the great deal going to Amsterdam
yeah you did from december 26 to december 31st 250 bucks round trip i locked up five tickets
this morning 10 30 i thought it was one ninety nine well i went through trial agent i'm not complaining
okay that's still a hell of a deal it's a smoke and deal and i went there last year same time we're staying
at a uh what's an on-smoking flight well i got you i got it but i mean you can't beat it for
vacation it's a quick trip over and you get the party down there for four days it'll be great for
250 dollars you can't even fly through uh Chicago and back right right and the big reason why i'm
going is because my mom and my sister are coming down from a place worse than this if you can
imagine i'll give you one guess campa oba new york oh boy wow i don't know there was anybody left
in oba new i thought they cleared it down right so they're coming down and i'm leaving town they
can stay at my place excellent good choice right we're going over we're going to party so we'll burn
one for you and we'll be thinking about it have a great time say out of big galleries over their
i know i got to get the key meal okay you got it yeah just looking your back there you go hey the
key actually works okay that's what john tells me the key actually works with i over there at that
oh i'm forgetting but i'm sure that that apartment has got a real narrow winding staircase like
all the other places the old places and amsterdam which is most of the joints i can i can just see
out waddling up that real narrow stairway in fact i'd pay money to watch that as long as he had his
clothes on we have an open line in broder five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the
AT&T wireless line here's my any hello yes sir the girl yesterday for the full purpose of donating
forty dollars right i went there i think i know why people probably aren't buying it the lady took
like 20 minutes to figure out how to ring that up for crying out love what we got a bunch of rocket
scientists over there at the border she kept like asking somebody how do you do this how do you do
this you bring this up yeah so eventually i finally got it and i'm really happy i was
laughing my ass off all yesterday great and uh great job thanks a lot bye to you well there you go
now we're finding out like you know another children would pile they got people over there dodo
birds who can't figure out there so you know uh if you're going to be involved you agree to be
involved in something like the borders people did and most of the stores have been really up front
and great and put a weapon on the counter where they can see it most of them been great
but some of the stores and some of the people that work within those stores i don't care
whether you like me or not this is a charity thing we're doing make no difference with you like me
the fact is that these people should be sprained how this thing works what is going on it should be
like fall off a lot piece of cake see i put the money in a separate envelope you stick it in your
recto whatever you do with it okay just to make it easy instead of making it hard okay leave it
to the guys that come in they'll make it hard but you will make it easy god so in other words
about one fifteen they'll be showing up at the shelves at us one in northwest uh
twenth not northwest at twenty seven to have it in is it northwest is it what is it
north not northwest it's one huh south west well let's see that's why when you said that it confused
me because i thought what else is man talking about south west twenty seven to have it in
us one down there in that south mianney it's well it's like borderline it's like borderline
gable south mianney and the grove right in that area where nobody listens to us
nine minutes after one at five sixty wqn it's Friday you first
recto
su
Maybe
You're the starlight, you're the starlight, you're the starlight, you're the starlight, you're the starlight, you're the starlight, you're the starlight, you're the starlight, you're the starlight, you're the starlight, you're the starlight, you're the starlight, you're the starlight, you're the starlight, you're the starlight, you're the starlight, you're the starlight, you're the starlight, you're the starlight, you're the starlight, you're the starlight, you're the starlight, you're the starlight, you're the starlight, you're the starlight, you're the starlight, you're the starlight, you're the starlight, you're the starlight, you're the starlight, you're the starlight, you're the starlight, you're the starlight, you're the starlight, you're the starlight, you're the starlight, you're the starlight, you
're the starlight, you're the starlight, you're
myself it's one fifteen and five sixty w two m so uh... salmon davis salmon
chris will be down there at the u.s. one in north at south west twenty seven
ten at uh... about one twenty five in about ten minutes and they're going to
stay there till we raise a grand today
they said which they could be there will three in the morning because uh...
what do we do two sixty three if you have to join something like that less than
three hundred
so one thing we find out today is that candle and when we want the borders in
candle uh... what do we raise their let me take a look
uh... eighteen forty five that's not bad
of the two bad and the sales of the kindle borders were spectacular the first
of the week so maybe just everybody in kindle already got to stop that the
the record the plantation
i planned well plantation was going strong and then last week they were eighty
bucks for pieces of merchandise so all of a sudden plantation for a lot of
the
i don't know that in kindle right
huh that are the two big ones
yeah and for a lot of the board is in for a lot of the world we did the first
appearance they uh... they pretty we are they do very well
for a lot of the candle and plantation
and surprisingly bokeh and said some really uh... good weeks
they love us in bokeh they will call us in bokeh but that they love us like
poison
will be gone here's a mobile in my army
and that's me
yeah i got two things for you real quick yes sir
uh... book days is going to be on nine forty
and that that's what is
they're gonna have
that's what i have
and all they also have
uh... i thought you see the last week but i'm looking for sales now no
now
and i got no no
and the boarders in the latest and where
you can give me a little
and it's just a case
are you sure
yet everything
he doesn't fulfill okay not gonna have to fill in the city's no we're not
okay we have two open lines and they five six seven oh five six
but i forgot to mention Georgia's gonna be doing a last half hour the show today
because we decided to keep Georgia in practice especially on Friday
why not let the old man out early for half hour and Friday's once in a while
not every week but once in a while
how much ron with that i think it's great
it's like that might and might just be a surprising those guys on our might be
zippin down to a u.s. one and twenty seven seven
to be making an appearance with them to try and the beat the crap out of these
people help get that thousand bucks today
because after seeing the way that male trickled in here this morning i mean that
was pretty weak boys and girls that was pathetic what's that address again
checks made out to center one
perennial rogers wqm two o two nine five
north west second avenue my any three three one six nine
it's really not that difficult it's easy
and i'm waiting to come in here one of these days very soon and see a pile of
male not like two or three letters and have George say wow you see that yeah
that's not a stack okay that's another guy used to be uh sure from broder
county let's forget about that stack
here's a four-letter deal hello jolton jose still alive
yeah get your keys hit okay whatever they do your phone this is a movement about
two or three of those today and that's the guy that usually does the real bad
poetry anyway so maybe it was maybe it was a blessing we have an open line
of date one and brown at five six seven oh five
sixty and five five sixty on the 18t wireless line
here's a mobile in Atlantis again hey yes sir you are wondering about the city
of Atlantis where is what is it i wasn't all i'd excited by me know but it's
what it is on Palm Beach County yes it's like right in the middle of
Montana and Lake Worth
oh okay the many in the age must be 140
ten-foot wall surrounding the whole complex
yeah that's good jale
tallful Canadian boy you know John Cullen
yeah John Cullen that's just retired from the lighting right he's on
police plate for the Leaf right listen there uh frank of dory used to be chief
referee and he's young right he lives there and a lot a lot of frogs
huh some head office from there yeah but those people you mentioned are
fries there's like a good English people you're right but there's a lot
other projects when they believe me right i'm sure and uh no it's right on
ninety five and ten down when they're right in the middle oh yeah okay right there
and it's just uh you know it's a little
want to be placed they got their own police farm all that but um
you said you used to work at jano a long time ago
nineteen seventy five twenty uh three years ago
if i went down there pick up a minute it's not there anymore they destroyed it
and put up a twenty story office complex there now but more where is jano where do
they move it to actually that's a joke it's right off uh 45th and 95 they're
in with uh jano and five other patients and a little uh
strips of inner like warehouse place and uh things
the nice office building where they were not had a nice overlook of the
intercoach was on there um is this doctor's office all that now
but i've been in the old building i can't believe well he's old when you're
there i'm sure and uh i think it was okay wasn't it all right well not what well
well yeah well i was probably that bm i was probably still lingering
what do you find about price fine what about it did you find anything else
else about it about one price fine i haven't checked it out of you okay i will
and uh ray witney what would you do with autumn
amen see more okay okay here we go uh somebody just fact is a restaurant now what
is this from by the way is this from uh like a real newspaper where
see people sent us articles and it would be helpful to know this is from either the
hero to the sun sent a lie assume or maybe from uh i don't know from new times or uh
city link how do they spell city link s-i-t-t-y so and how would Brian Murray say that so
anyway uh they're reviewing tropical acres in Fort Lauderdale which that isn't really
Fort Lauderdale by the way tropical that's like uh Davy
that sounds like a different road huh yeah that's not Fort Lauderdale well anyway it goes
down about sounds like a housing development uh-huh it sure does and probably
something even more like a landscape when it developed 1949 but it's enjoyed more
longevity than well three-lustate project for some very simple reasons high quality
reasonable prices and consistency and it builds itself as well as oldest
stake in seafood restaurant no one will dispute that they're getting ready for their 50th
anniversary it says the kitchen still offers fried onion rings and an upscale appetizer fried
mushrooms fried zucchini slices the mushrooms are relatively bland while the mushrooms not
trendy a portina your portabello are lightly coated etc so they're okay uh the filet menu
on is a sizable piece and nearly lean enough to please even a cardiologist
and it goes on and on they got a large early bird crowd that's the only thing I'm
aware you know the food may be pretty good but they got a large early bird crowd
oh oh and it says it's not a place for romance or when you find cutting-edge cuisine but if
you're interested in good service solid reliable food and low prices you come to the right
place after 50 years it says tropical acres is still tropical how do you like that
three stars they give minuscule four three being good four being excellent etc so that's not bad
three stars sunset from the sunset but okay thank you whoever facts that so you people want to go
to the christmas party there you go have no fear because Greg Reed told me to dinner last night
that they're gonna be doing some extra stuff to spruce it up and they're gonna drag out old
old people before our crowd goes in there I'm not gonna be able to make that no are you of course
you'll be good there of course George George never misses a free meal that's one sure thing about
George he never misses a free meal and especially when Al Goldstein is catering but tomorrow
tomorrow what tomorrow he's having another free meal I didn't even know he was back here now he's
back from Amsterdam and the department is vacant right now okay I'm let's see what time is it
no what do you what are you a smirking about man that apartment over there I can probably
stick that key in the front door the rear door the uh that's right he's having another
for a spat rich coming to this thing oh I don't know he hasn't I think don't think he's been
to last year in fact track Monday night I noticed because it's hard to tell with rich because he
wears those big baggy shirts like I used to when I weighed 500 pounds but he's actually lost a little
bit of weight I think huh an answer to and I think well basically because he only eats the free
meals of the track and the rest of the week he's starving over there but uh he's lost a little bit
he's no longer in the Al Goldstein category I wouldn't say don't forget we got US one and 27th
avenue Sam is gonna be there Chris read the nephew we got the QAM van we got the best in the old
stuff CDs cassettes t-shirts we got giveaway stuff dolphin t-shirts etc and they'll be there
until we have total a thousand bucks for today and like I said they could be there a long time
unless you get your ass in gear that kindle thing was bitterly disappointing today you know this
would be a fun thing out through the rest of the month to do this because then we'll find out I
mean I already could have predicted I knew we had got I mean university in Brewerd Boulevard
like falling off a log into a lake okitobi I mean no problem at all we know we are giant in that area
in fact I'll you know where they ought to be George for next week one day I'll tell you where they
ought to be the shell station across that's not right across but it's on the corner of 136 and sunrise
and uh right right by uh the new arena by the macarena just kitty corner couple box down from the
public saw grass because that's where all my people are right out there they're shopping at public
they're buying fish boots they're buying a guide to aim a bee strips from Tyson they're buying
Mike Tyson's the stuff ears here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale hello Neil yes sir how you doing buddy
great you've got a great show you keep me laughing all day all right hey listen I was out of time
did leave on and I went in those 20 games leave on one 48 games as you can understand yeah you want
112 games and I've got cappellons are pretty pissed off about it you better be careful when you say
about Joe to my show yeah I know a big hand will be sitting on you he's in love with that guy is he
I mean I know I know I always did Jody fan the interview to me played that interview which I
didn't hear the other day and I always a fan of his but the fact is the guy's 84 years old and
he's a former ball player and he's dying I mean that that happens to the best of us you know I was
I was at an old timers game by Fort Lauderdale stadium come here to go in my wife when she was
pregnant and I tried to get his eyes out you're a Joe a mageo pardon me by Joe the mageo are you
yeah I had to state him Joe the mageo was up in the up in the boot and he was coming down yeah
and so he wouldn't shake hands with me but he shook hands with my wife so I took her
her hand at the sugar rub all over her stomach and I was so glad I think my son's gonna break the record
this 56th day in the shirt oh my god he rubbed your wife's stomach no he shook her hand
and I took her hand I see I got you hey that's I want to donate a hundred dollars in name my company
but I'm not gonna say because I don't want to show him his plug okay okay thank you so much hey you
got a great show keep up thanks a lot bye see how do you like that there's a good guy
out of your box first for center one I see Joe costellos here because George is gonna be doing
the last half hour of the show today and so now all these all these million calls we got on the
board all three of nobody gone all these other foreign language speaking people that that that
that that that that that that that I call that I call that I don't they'll be calling in now
really disappointed with that turnout down in candle to the boy you could have slapped me right
up the side of the head and of course not the move and closer to the grove because they know we
got no audience here whatsoever in the grove nobody not even old jack Campbell not fat old jack
Campbell that queen even now he ain't listening no more well you know you have to move on you have
to develop new people because the old people that leave you in the lurch you know like the not so
windy lady some more old friends like a Roberto that used to make all those great cassette tapes
used to be a groupie maybe he found a life you know maybe found a boyfriend whatever the hell
happened you have to move on and develop new people because the old ones they they turn on you
like cornered rats low-oboal survive what is that fat guy again that nadler guy I don't think he's
gonna make it I don't think he's gonna make it through the week no 125 at 560 WQF feeling stupid I know I am
you're a mean one missigling you really are a he's you're as partly as a cactus you're as charming as an
male Mr. Grinch you're a bad banana with a greasy black
so do you know who that is by the way he does that voice Joe Castella no I don't know his name
that's Tony the tiger same voice you're a monster Mr. Grinch I talk some special on your heart hey I
fired that off because I get accused of being a Grinch a lot over the Santa Claus thing
which Neil has talked about for years and in all the years that he has spoken about it I get
to hear one parent call up and say no we don't lie to our children about Santa Claus that's why I
get accused of being a Grinch and a Grouch and a Scrooge which I'm not even though I'm a
atheistic agnostic you know I don't celebrate Jesus's birthday I don't cop out on Christmas because
it's a party it's another excuse for a party where there's booze and food and usually I'm not the
one paying for it I say usually because you know the big human family party and lots of people
throw parties can you get to suck up a lot of free food and booze and why would you pass that up
you know even if you weren't celebrating Jesus's birthday enough to mention the Hanukkah thing
so I don't have a problem with the holidays season or the whole Christmas thing and I used to go
caroling can you believe that you know anyone who's ever been caroling neither do I except for
the people that I used to go caroling with obviously up north walking around through the snow
I it would lose something down here I could imagine and you'd also get shot somebody knocked
on your door and there were singing you would just blow them away down here but I like you know
the whole Christmas giving gifts and the party thing and we sing carol and I have a stack of
Christmas CDs that you know really fixed that including all this time I've done here we have
I got a whole new batch of Christmas CDs from Tracy Neely by the way which I'm adding to my
collection which is about this picnic amazing my fingers are hard to move y'all so I heard this
before I'll be going to have a tour of the day salmon and f you are there by the way oh good
about both vans both vans 27th Avenue and US one big fat shell station I hear it's raining but don't
let that deter you please they say they're gonna stay there until they raise a thousand bucks do you
think that's true do you think that they will a actually raise that much money or do you think that
they'll stay past two o'clock if they don't what do you think I don't know you don't know but
damn sounded very enthusiastic he said he's a huge chat and he stoked about this whole thing so please
go down there and patronize us center one by the crap it's good crap it's it's worth it just for
the money even if you don't care about other human beings it's worth it these CDs especially part
two which I put together on a little bit biased about that only because it's got outtakes on it
it's got Neil saying all the words that we all love to hear but we can't say on the radio
it's got Neil saying and sh** over and over and over again that's the better one so yeah well
see it's that's a tough choice if you like that kind of stuff then yes it's the better one but part
one has all of the really good bits from the show but the part two doesn't have bits from the show
unbelief and uncensored by the way but if you go down there and make any kind of a donation whatsoever
they give you some free crap besides like a dolphin shirt so please everyone drive down there he
doesn't believe that the Julio is listening well I'm not only afraid that he believes that they
listen but he thinks that it's all they're all closet cases they won't uh... calling uh... you
know and identify themselves without throwing the bag thing and at the end they won't show up
the appearances they won't patronize the charities even though the Cubans are big charity donating
tight people that's what Carol was telling us the other day is that they get way more donations
from date county then they do anywhere else I don't know what these people want to talk about so
i'm just gonna hang up on them because they were on hold for neal
and we're not going to talk about jordan magio so off you go i want to hear from some people
that was horrible you know sorry oh by the way i want to send a very special christmas wish
out to that nice lady who likes the tapes better than me
merry christmas and you
because uh... and i don't i don't take that as an insult when people like to take because i work really hard on the tapes to make them
really lean and mean and fast and furious and and leave all the good stuff in
so it actually makes me feel good when people say that they like the tapes because i work hard to that end
but uh... nevertheless
and and by the way it's total mess that i make the women wait longer than the men if anything i put them on faster
even though the phone system makes it difficult to do that so i want to hear some from from some people who also don't
lie to their children about Santa Claus and i don't understand why that whole thing is nothing personal about
saint nick i was born on his birthday
that the cembers six the saint nicks day
is is my birthday so i you know don't have a personal problem with the man that turkey fish up that he was
but i don't understand why we have to lie to our children about it
uh... i give the kid the kid the loot i want the credit for it i want the kid kissing my ass all year long
for christmas presents i don't want to
hurt a kiss some invisible man that's on the north pole
or something like that i don't understand that people
people who who i know who are atheist
and agnostics have rags on me
for not
not uh...
clouding my kids head with all the Santa Claus bull crap
and oh you're gonna disillusion her about christmas i'm not gonna disillusion her about christmas i'm not going to elusion her
in the first place it's christmas it's uh...
some dead guys birthday who said be nice to each other and they killed him so we're gonna exchange
lute it doesn't make any sense to me but past the agnog and uh... and the food and the ham and the turkey
so that's my whole big christmas beef thing
i i don't believe in lying to children i want to have some credibility
with my child when i tell her things
later on
i don't want her to be able to say back to me well yeah dad but you lied to me about that whole Santa Claus thing for no good god damn reason
they don't care trust me i asked
all of them all the children of the world i asked and you care when you get the nintendo set you care for says from
Santa or from mom and dad you care
and i said we don't give a shit just you know plug it into the tv for me as quickly as you can
mobile and homestead hello
a jorda here you have
you know i want to create a two you know i go and get i want to take a credit for it you know right
that's not a problem
i don't like to master card and Santa Claus is gonna get the credit
that's what i was talking about everyone and both sides of the family the spicks and the hicks gave me a hard time about it
uh... people people that are friends that are young people like really revolutionary minded people that i know
they give me a hard time about it oh christmas without Santa Claus is like uh...
is like christmas without Santa Claus i don't get it
now i'm happy
but um... now i want to say good day to your voice again and then forget that lady you know
thank you very much
i don't let you your voice anytime better than to take
all right i'm a serious thanks a lot
all right we got one although i don't know if he said he was a parent or what the deal is is that
uh... one of the the team one of the promotions team at sam
he wants to make sure he was not really going by there we like to do a media
updates uh... we i don't know where the only one
he just said it he is friday i can you know i want to get the hell out of here
do you think no of course you're here they're not going to buy that
lying to the audience is uh... is not my bag anyway
no he just sam sam bought it he was afraid
he said he wanted to pretend like he was working to get it why would anybody be afraid of it
mobile in my any hello
global hello yeah um how you know George okay
listen um
my my son you know his mother's Jewish and i'm catholic and we don't talk about uh...
you know Santa Claus and don't oh my god no no we just
tell him how it is you know we tell him that it's just uh... advertising for people go out and spend
a special layer of hell just for people like us
no they're a cry their children of the myth of sandy cause right in another point i want to make
i'm a uh... who do you i'm a uh... republican but uh... of course
i buy you stuff from me all i can you all the time uh...
you know set the truth uh... uh... i was listening to him on the car radio and i agree with a lot of his
points uh...
me tell you one point you know this i'm i'm gonna yeah i'm gonna jump ship because i've been watching this uh...
clinton stuff with the republican yeah i'm i'm i'm this is the best thing that the uh... the
republican could have done to the very very ridiculous crap right they're shooting their foot and i'm
jumping ship i'm gonna shoot in their feet yeah i'm gonna become a democrat because uh...
it's just there there you go
they don't get it they really think that uh... the american people care about uh... you know monkey
business behind closed doors
eight man there behind the times it's the way behind they're showing the people how out of touch
they were we always suspected it but now they're proving it you you're right George have a great
day thank you very much and uh... marry exodus that's a step boy that you know that this is the
christian's off a lot the whole x-mas thing you're taking the christ that of christmas so i go to
great length to uh... you exodus whenever possible because it is that's just like x excuse for a party
oh there you go and then excuse for a party any excuse
mobile in where they help mobile in oakland park hello
anything that you're you're going to hold at it to the spedic you little spick war on and
that it thank you very much see their joe i was just on you the other day that's how you know
that you're on the right track that's like the i-95 north sign if you want to go north
it's when you piss people off no there's nothing i don't know about you uh... i don't even know
what he was he sounded like a new yorker oh that's what it was a throwback to the new york day when i
was ripping the new yorkers go back it's nice and cold up there for you for a lot of day hello
hello hello how you doing okay um yeah i want to come in about this
Santa Claus thing okay please i have just just today for the first time a couple of people that
don't uh... play that game yeah well i'm a father five oh wow and i'm a young man thirty five
jesus christ yeah well actually six but uh... i have three boys and three girls but this is the
gig okay i've been listening to you for a long time you might be the guy named alan bird from
Denver that got shot for doing what he does right but uh... uh... i love listening to him because
he's still controversial yeah anyway about the Santa Claus thing uh... yeah i think it's a big joke
and i think it like really pees me off i don't know if i can say that over over the radio on that
this is you off yeah this is you know for a bad you know why because when i was a kid like my mom
and i get from me and like you know tell i was like fourteen years old i thought there was a
Santa Claus yeah and like and then i found out and i'm like oh great you need to get out of work i just
told my kids right i have a twel-from twelve to two they range i just told them a little early on i said
look twelve Santa Claus thing is a big joke and it always been afraid of Santa Claus like he's going
to fall in love he just puts a seat down and Santa's like oh yeah the screen is a screen forever never does
they want to get away from these people right they think they're creeps so that's what i'm saying
i'm an anonymous with you today about the Santa Claus beautiful and uh... i just think it's a i think
this whole person's been a big joke okay thank you very much yeah i didn't big joke but with that i'm
not going to pass up any excuse for a party or any excuse where people uh... even if it's fake
acting nice to each other for one day out of the year you know if it's fake that's okay with me
twenty-two two on QAM hey everyone Roy Foster here yeah you should be a big football star but now
work here you're listening to the most straight up person i know george god all year long he's busy
making toys
for all the little girls and the little boys
you
he put them in his letting his with a crack
on thunder on blitzon but never on smacked
okay
all
eighty
Just a little kiddie.
Here's my phone.
Just leave him cooking.
Save it, John.
The Santa Claus turns on, and he is on way.
Watching you when I turn off.
On Christmas day.
13.2256WQAM56050560, on the AT&T wireless line.
478 dollars.
People must be just throwing changes.
They drive by.
478 dollars at the Van location.
27th Avenue in US 1.
And my...
Emmy.
So go down there and see those guys.
Please prove the old man wrong.
The sticks actually do support charities
that he supports.
They do support charities.
Just not anyone that he's behind.
Lady in Perrine.
Hello.
Lady in Perrine.
Hi, George.
Hi.
I just want to tell you I totally agree with you on the
Santa thing.
Really?
So you thought I was all alone?
And I tried to...
No, I'm not alone.
Anyone.
It felt like a line.
You know?
And my feeling is...
What is a line?
Well, my feeling is they have a wonderful Christmas.
I need to get in the office, the loot.
They don't need extra.
The loot is very...
But the only thing is when they're little.
Yeah.
That makes sure you tell them that like some of their classmates believe
is because you don't want them to...
Oh, you know what same conversation about Santa as we did about the God thing before?
Before she went to school, we had to tell them.
Don't talk about the God thing.
That's the only thing that's happening.
People with a rock.
Right.
Because I had a family thought I was crazy.
Right.
And then their cousins believed.
So they had to understand it until it wasn't...
But you know what?
It made them feel so adult.
So they're grown up.
And we were just talking about it the other day and now the 9th and 10th.
Hello.
What's going on there?
That was the car.
Was that me?
No.
But anyway, now they think it's wonderful.
They think it's wonderful that I never lied to them.
That's bizarre.
And the thing about it that's hypocritical because if you believe in God, you tell your kids about God.
But obviously the adults know that there is no Santa.
So it's an outright lie.
I know it's terrible.
And I was one of these morons that never questioned it.
And I believed it so long that my mother had to kind of tell me.
And I still remember feeling rotten.
Yeah.
Every kid.
Every kid that tells us, I had a weird thing.
My mom used to, and she was a throwback.
She used to talk about the three kings, which is something that they do in Cuba.
Don't even do that over here.
They talk about Los Reyes.
So that was like an additional?
Yeah.
And nobody over here even heard of that.
So my mom had zero credibility with me anyway.
I didn't buy anything that came out of her mouth.
Yeah, no.
But anyway, thank you very much.
Okay.
Bye.
I don't feel so bad.
Now just to show what a non-screwd I am, I'm taking the family, the kid and a friend
to the Nutcracker ballet.
And I paid money for the tickets.
Extra money.
I called front row and got good seats to get really nice front and center right by the orchestra.
Pit because they wanted to go see the Nutcracker, which, and I dragged my heel, that didn't want to go to the ballet because it's the ballet.
But the Nutcracker, you know, it's good music anyway.
If you like that kind of stuff, I think it was my first record that was given to me as I was when I was a little kid, my aunt,
who defines Christmas for me because I never would have gotten anything good if it weren't for my aunt, my mother's sister, coming through for me every year.
She gave me the Nutcracker record, The Sweet, which is, you know, the greatest hits version of a ballet.
So this thing better not be boring tonight.
I should bring a book, shouldn't I?
The ballet.
Bring a book and a pillow.
Bring a book. I'll bring my laptop that I just got.
Miami.
Hello.
I'll take that break.
Thanks a lot.
These are the, the, the gay, the little gay trio that hate Neil, the better obsessed with him.
I want to wear his flesh like that buffalo building.
You didn't see Silence of the Lamb the whole way through.
And so while me and Neil are beat red in the face, laughing at that, it puts the notion in the basket.
You're not getting it.
You're not getting it.
Funniest bit we've had in a month.
I don't get it.
And so you're going to go, you're going to go get it this weekend, like the movie right now.
Right now.
And leaving right now.
And watch it.
As a matter of fact, while you're watching it, when the line comes up in the movie, when it all comes together, that's when you'll lose it.
People will wonder why you're laughing at this horrible, horrible scene in the movie.
And you'll be the only one that knows.
Okay.
Yeah.
It's towards the end of the show.
We have to take these break.
Tentill too.
