The NEO Rogers Show, on the NEO call 5-6-7, for David Brower, and Paul O'Connay, and
the NEO guests.
Anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WG2AM.
Beans re-wing that position, or the Beans re-brought that to us.
Now, NEO Rogers on 4-3-0-5-6-7-7-8, out of the B-S-8 of the B-S-8 of the B-S-8 of the B-S-8 of the B-S-8 of the B-S-8 of the B-S-8 of the B-S-8 of the B-S-8 of the B-S-8 of the B-S-8 of the B-S-8 of the B-S-8 of the B-S-8 of the B-S-8 of the B-S-8 of the B-S-8 of the B-S-8 of the B-S-8 of the B-S-8 of the B-S-8 of the B-S-8 of the B-S-8 of the B-S-8 of the B-S-8 of the B-S-8 of the B-S-8 of the B-S-8 of the B-
The B-S-8 of the B-S-8 of the B-S-8 of the B-S-8 of the B-S-8 of the B-S-8 of the B-S-8 of the B-S-8 of the B-S-8 of the B-S-8 of the B-S-8 of the B-S-8 of the B-S-8 of the B-S-8 of the B-S-8 of the B-S-8 of the B-S-8 of the B-S-8 of the B-S-8 of the B-S-8 of the B-S-8 of the B-S-8 of the B-S-8 of the B-S-8 of the B-S-8 of the B-S-8 of the B-S-8 of the B-S-8 of the B-S-8 of the B-S-8 of the B-S-8 of the B-S
of the B-S-8 of the B-S-8 of the B-S-8 of the B-S-8 of the B-S-8 of the B-S-8 of the B-S-8 of the B-S-8 of the B-S-8 of the B-S-8 of the B-S-8 of the B-S-8 of the B-S-8 of the B-S-8 of the B-S-8 of the B-S-8 of the B-S-8 of the B-S-8 of the B-S-8 of the B-S-8 of the B-S-8 of the B-S-8 of the B-S-8 of the B-S-8 of the B-S-8 of the B-S-8 of the B-S-8 of the B-S-8 of the B-S-8 of the B-S-8 of the B-S-8 of the B-
S1 to make people be Andet in theissible Watts Shan das are formed by man移, by kittens & kittens, harmances and adults making bee slaughter, by dying dumb and pumping leads Burada V
personal life where different people eat as�
to animals ​​beauty and in the management of a well-known law
This is the 404.
Why would any tourist or within any serious money who has, you know, values of safety number
one or cares about his quality of life number two?
Wait, it's time they're money going there.
You'd have to be out of your mind, off your rocker.
So let me say it for the 500th time.
Once you get south of the Texas border, maybe that only I understand.
But once you get south of the Texas border, I use it only because we can relate to the fact
most of us that is in the U.S.A. at least technically.
You're dealing with the 50th world.
Once you get into the Caribbean, Central America, South America, and I'm not saying that these are bad people,
but they live in squalor most of them in poverty.
Yes, there are some of those people like Louisa's got his big magic.
They run a couple of go on the obey.
That's great.
But there are too many people with that kind of money down there.
And even the ones who are discovered that they're money and worth of crap anymore in here.
I just mentioned that in passing.
Can we take this one call because they might still actually be on air?
Moodle and Fort Lauderdale?
Hey, now welcome back.
Thank you.
Hey, George did a great job.
Yeah.
And also did you get...
I guess you probably know by now that Steve Goldstein did the top of the game here.
Now I'm getting to that.
I have a long long release for that.
Well, I have something else.
It looks like a little high school game.
Did it really?
Because during the summit, as a people in here were raving, they got rave reviews about it.
He didn't do a bad job.
Play by play-wide.
I find that hard to play.
But yeah.
It's a voice.
It's terrible to listen to.
Even though they shot all its white ass wide.
Now to me, my other side.
Yeah.
Other than that, it was okay.
But it's a voice.
It's so annoying you can't listen to it.
I think one of the reasons you got high marks is that you only...
Only for Rommet or most of the people down here after comparing to was Christina.
Oh, right.
You know, I have to say not saying too much.
Yeah, because he's off one as always.
He's over it.
He's over it.
He's over it.
I tell you here, look.
Good announcer from Boston area in Detroit is the place.
I don't know what they expect.
All they got to be is buy in Chris Moore.
Yeah.
Okay, over there now.
Thanks for the good news, sir.
Yeah, Jeldie.
Chris Moore's plane came in late.
Here again, like that Lutgerig story.
You know, Wally Pipp gets sick.
Hey, Wally, Loney or Glove, Lutgerig plays the next 50,000 games in a row.
Wally never gets to play again.
Same thing is probably going to happen with Christina Moore on.
Jeldie is getting such rare reviews.
I don't even know which game that one.
Do you know when that was?
Can you give me a ballpark and I'll tell you because they beat the Rangers in the flyers back.
We have balls.
Huh?
She would have been ready to go if you were to hear them.
We have balls from what?
The guilty thing.
Oh, yeah, let's hear them.
The Russia for the Pat, the T-Shop, the truck, the reason I'm staying at 4.
It's a ball for all I can handle.
He's hanging in the river and he's got the 31.
And the big 20 year old, the Russian for the cat, puts him on the board.
The big house is up.
One nothing can do.
Big great one.
One hole.
He'll hold.
Hang it out.
He already has better than Chris Moore.
No, seriously, by a mile.
I mean, Jeldie can't help but the fact that he was guilty of the birth and he's gotten
no balls and got a horrible voice.
But other methods of that and would job especially in light of the fact that he was unprepared.
And he just found that he's just sitting there waiting to be with usual friends.
Usually, you know, his usual way of thinking to think, sitting there being the house shield,
sucking around, covering up the ineptitude of the organization.
And, guess what, Chris Moore, plain in the show up is a plain has been delayed.
And if Jeldie, you're chosen.
You're right.
You're going to do the game.
And under the circumstances, just what I heard there, just the 20 or 30 seconds right there,
is more animated, more descriptive than anything Chris Moore has done in the five seasons plus,
so far, put together.
Nice going, Jeldie.
Oh, see?
But I still keep thinking of, you know, I mean,
in my hotel room in Amsterdam, and there's a story on CNN on the sports about Peekaboo Street.
Now, I realize that they're a ridiculous man.
Like most people in sports have ridiculous names.
Peekaboo.
What kind of parents?
I think most people are stupid.
Like I said, stupid parents.
Is there something wrong with him?
No, George was just asking me to be, we're in a break.
It has been discussed.
It has been discussed that maybe there's something physically wrong with Hank like maybe he's choking on his own.
Fat or something like that.
I'm not sure if it's because he's lowering his words and like a fellow sweep on the ear.
Do you remember when we were at IOD and he had the sleeping, what do they call it?
Narco letter.
He's stealing stuff.
No, seriously.
He had a sleep.
Well, you know, when you make those big bits, you know, when things are going bad,
he had a sleeping disorder or some kind.
I'm not laughing at Hank, it's just the idea that if there's something wrong there, because I know when you're fat,
I mean, look at me right now.
Although I'm not a feater, are we the same?
There's one I love.
In fact, I would have weighed less if I were to eat less candy.
They put that candy in the mini bars in your hotel room.
And, you know, when you move for a little snack, you open it up and eat that candy.
It's not even good candy.
But other than that, you know, a couple of trips to McDonald's, you don't have what you do when you're doing all that drugs,
you don't have candy.
I will let stunt makes you, you know, get the monies for never less.
Who's got candy when you're doing all those drugs in Al Goreffing department?
Or, by the way, you'll be praised for know that we're some pre-rad joints.
Because I don't have time to be living with them.
I think you're part of them to eat bars.
Of course, it's illegal in New York.
It's not illegal in Amos-Dodon.
And so I get a fire report from John that there were some packages of pre-rolled joints in Al's apartment.
I'm ready to go.
Because, you know, if anybody needs, you know, some help in stimulating this appetite at the house,
you know what I'm saying?
Yeah, I'm going to have to take out a tank, how to take us and start.
There you go.
Maybe hand-scop me with some bad weed or something.
So we're going to be discussing that if there's something frisically wrong with Hank Goldberg,
that's probably one of our topics today.
So, anyway, so they have this thing on peekaboo street, on CNN.
And I have no idea what she did.
Who cares? She was an Olympic fill in the blank, you know.
Another very unimportant person.
If a big sauna dancer about it, peekaboo.
Hey, peekaboo, how you be doing?
So anyway, every time I see that, I just, for days on end, after I see her name on TV,
I think of the day that Jeldie was doing this sports update in the morning and called her,
Peacaboo Street.
Peacaboo.
Now, if Jeldie had like a normal voice, it would have been amusing.
But it wouldn't have had the same impact on my life.
But every time I hear that name, I think of Jeldie saying,
he caught her with speed.
And it's just the way he said that, just that horrible greeting on the way of Blackboard kind of sound
that he made when he opened up his first.
But that was pretty damn good.
I'm impressed, Jeldie.
Now, if we just had one of those, you know, we had that spot,
which they just played the last 20 minutes break through and the worst thing about the voice being slowed down,
whatever spot it is, if we can have a machine because they do have those things,
like the voice thing, where we call it.
So the shredder is young, that we had at the other station,
modulators, some like that.
And if we could slow Jeldie's voice down, I think he could start right away.
Do that being embossed on Thursday?
Where did that goddamn Christina Moira?
I think we actually found something that Jeldie is capable of doing if we could just manipulate his voice a little bit.
So what do you think? Just thank you under the weatherline.
So speaking of people who need to be manipulated with their voice,
do you have no panic about the NBA?
Don't be too worried about these guys missing any meals now because the NBA is seeing this and going,
and how about that fire?
That made CNN, made that all over the world.
A lot of people thought that was very funny for some reason.
They have fire in the American Airlines Center right there in downtown Miami on the roof, fire on the roof,
in downtown Miami.
And while I found nothing using it, I was wondering what we were saying.
Well, there was no injury and no damage.
Well, how come there have been no damage when a whole goddamn upper level of things were on fire?
I mean, talk about, well, you know, Mickey Orson, he's got a daddy's got a $9 million over there in Israel,
and Mickey's got all the other perks in the city is building him another swirp in there, he can flip it in,
and sticking to him again with those damn cruise ships, raping the public.
By the way, don't pay any taxes in this country, but nevertheless,
so who cares if he has a little fire?
They got good insurance on air.
In fact, maybe that was part of the deal.
Maybe things weren't going real well, you know what I'm saying?
Always, you know, I'm not making any accusations, I'm only thinking out loud.
I'm only speculating because I've known people in my life time,
whoever you are now, and then I have a convenient fire, and it works out well.
I want to say that's probably not coming out this now.
Ten twenty-three out.
You can shift my rear end.
If you don't need to, I'm speaking on black by the way,
if you're getting back to crime alone of the NBA who do not complain at the moment,
but he'd be doing a radio talk show.
So this is one of the great things.
That won't even be X-Gots take over the first eight took over all the color,
not colored, color jobs on the sports.
I have to have somebody in the booth who's an analyst because he played the game.
He wants to work Jock's rap.
Okay, then all of a sudden maybe he can play by playguide,
like the very illiterate Fran Healy, guys like that, like Joe Dodg-Julla,
guys like that, illiterate, at best.
Now, the rest of us better really watch it,
because now they got to do talk shows.
That's the new deal.
So they were showing clips on CNN of Carl Malone,
and in fact there's a real scathing or rip on him in a paper this morning,
which maybe you read maybe didn't, and I don't have time.
They showed a clip from the talk show he'd be doing, and he'd be standing on there.
If you'll be saying that I do not be taking good care of my family,
then you'll be, I can't go ahead and stuff like that.
And I thought to myself, yeah, here's another example of what America's all about.
Illiterate assholes, gigantic egos being paid million, oh yes what,
oh wait a house right paper.
Jesus Christ, got so many things we may have to, in fact just trying to take a nap,
or people do what it's meant to for all.
Well seriously, I think there's something wrong with him.
Where the hell is that article?
What sports session do that be in that I've been my mother's saved?
Here it is.
From yesterday's son, Sentinel,
widely fevered Charles Jordan landed in jail,
and was cut by that offense on Saturday.
Didn't I, were we talking about Charles Jordan on the show?
On that frozen con, the book that I was recommending,
you go out and buy it, you got a brain, and want to find out what it's really all about.
Kind of a bunch of scumbags we got there in the NFL.
Rule models for your kid.
After, let's see, after Violent Franklin,
which three police officers said they kicked him out of a downtown nightclub in Fort Lauderdale.
No stranger to Violent's off the field.
Jordan has finished putting off in his coach Jimmy Johnson said,
we elected judicial system runnets course,
but he has no future with this team, Johnson said.
He was released on $1625 bond at 920 AM Saturday.
His court will be set later.
The officers said they managed to subdue Jordan,
$5.1090, only after a fourth man,
a bar employee went to their rescue.
Yeah, if you go into the whole story here,
it was a nasty, a hostile, a wild confrontation.
Police said it was obvious Jordan was intoxicated.
They asked him to leave the bar.
He asked him to return inside.
The officers told him he'd be arrested on a trespassing charge if he didn't leave.
He told the officers they would have to arrest him.
They tried.
The officers ordered Jordan to put his hands behind his back as one grabbed his right arm,
another officer grabbed his left.
The two tried putting Jordan's hands behind his back,
but he pulled them back.
Charles Jordan ended off as well.
It's me him, though, Moll.
I just thought I'd get in that very timely.
We got Carl Mellon doing the talk shows,
talking illiterate trash on a radio.
That's a murder America for you, baby.
We're doing it.
Here's a model in having sure.
Yeah, I knew about Chris Mordor.
Last year, we used to get overly excited about everything,
except for a good play by the opponent.
And this year, he seems like he's like,
not freaking pills when he's doing his talk.
Yeah.
Maybe he's a bit cranky, but I'm thinking.
I say, Jordan definitely was a much improvement.
You know, in try to wear like this, that one time.
For example, Jim Mann would say,
if the opponent made a good play, he'd be impressed by it,
but Chris Mordor never gives any other team any credit.
Yeah.
But by the way, you sound real good, you're a bit different than I did you right.
Yes, it did.
All right, and have a great day.
Thank you, sir.
Our vacation's always good.
We're right.
Only problem is a little bit cold there,
like in the 40s.
We're waning.
You know, that typical North Beach hot-a-web,
with breast water, if not that bad,
but every day you get to feel.
And it isn't so much the being outside in the elements.
It's the inside in the hotel room with that dry heat, you know.
And you'll fashioned radiators.
And you know, yeah.
And you can wake up in the middle of the night.
And you know, this is starting to like fill up.
And you're afraid you get that little red.
But every day I wake up feeling fine.
Because you know, when you're doing all those drugs,
it enables you to sleep for hours and hours and hours.
I mean, like well into the afternoon.
And then you get up and you do some more.
I mean, let's just make up a whole bunch of good stuff here, okay?
Like all those beautiful women that I was doing here in Amsterdam?
Oh, yeah.
A couple of sports is true.
Well, anyway, we don't hear about them all by and from Amphusema
or on cancer, because I'm sure they are.
We just don't talk about it too much.
No, it's not the way they hold me.
George would just give me the Russian's do that.
The Russians do that.
But they hold the cigarette like with their hand,
ask backwards.
Huh?
That's very comfortable, by the way.
How do you know that?
I try to.
Well, if you're holding the flask of vodka in the middle of your,
you know, between your thumb and your forefinger,
you have to realize this.
You could see a bagging your mouth in the cigarette, too.
But anyway, Europeans are just smoking up a storm
and nobody seems all tight about it.
Nobody seems to care.
They're smoking anything that grows into ground.
Anything that they wrap up into a,
interval wrapper.
They're smoking it.
You know what I mean?
Groundwater.
I don't know what you're doing.
Here's a mobile in Bokka.
Hello.
How you doing?
Okay, sir.
Is that Jordan guy?
He's a gang member?
Yes.
Oh, just checking.
You know, he's not only a gang member,
but he also was sending part of his salary to the gang.
You're a via month.
But it turns part of that salary to his lawyer,
which he's going to be getting.
Right.
Anyway, which one of the worried about terrorism over there?
I don't know.
Like, oh, I racked up the one.
I'm a dog.
No?
That's cool.
I mean, Amsterdam is as far away from Baghdad as it is from here.
It's a long course of the way.
Well, maybe not.
Okay.
I'm not sure.
I'm not going to mind you.
I have a few of them.
I get to know London, right?
Kind of.
Right.
Anyway, I forget it.
Goldie was pretty good, actually.
I hate to admit it.
But I got to turn off the top then.
So that was kind of nice.
And Goldpac was able to hold my eyes.
And that...
Okay, Panther Radio Broadcast,
since the beginning of the organization and the franchise,
the first time that people have actually been able to hear a description
of what was taking place in the game.
There was that the Wilson leaving a game from...
Hey, you know, leaving the Panther game and trying to clear the radio
and trying to get a hold of what was going on if you just watched it.
Forget it.
He just won't do it.
And I think this points up another one of the brilliant ideas.
This is part of the Dean Jordan syndrome that's left over.
It's hiring guys, carpet baggers, like Bill's Infraur and the Dolphins,
and Chris Moore on the...
on the Panthers, who are out of town guys who don't live here,
who have no interest in this place, who don't open about it,
and fly in every now and then when they feel like they can do a game
and then go back to Philly or Jersey or wherever that LA came from.
You really should, Lizzie, that's pathetic.
Yeah, they really should.
You can't be the version of the team if you're not in the area.
Well, no, we don't want Chris Moore living here.
I mean, we don't have problems already, so I think the answer is
we'll go back to the devil.
You break the back, drive him, there's like the embers and stuff.
Mm-hmm, that's great.
That's right.
I would hate to day after a sleeping event,
but for what was that all about, I would have thought about it.
What would cause it to be?
I would say one thing.
The next day, I was hooping in the hang.
He found that he was tanked.
I mean, he was on there.
Tank?
Tank Goldberg?
I was going to say the tanker, but yeah, anyway, it was brutal.
I mean, he was, he said about 40 seconds for the stuff
and it sounded like me a bad day.
I'm not on the couch.
Yeah, the other way around.
Is the word you're looking for, incoherent?
That was very much.
It was unbelievable.
I'm sure it's a great job.
I like this boy.
He's a pretty good, I'm pretty good.
Well, it was, he did a great job.
It was, he went with the flow, it was good.
Yeah.
So, Hank, buddy, get the hell out.
Hank, okay, well, we're going to get some, thank you, sir.
We're going to get some comment on that because we need to keep
Hank healthy.
And one of the ways to do that is stop feeding them so much
guy damn food, I think, because he has ballooned up to a, you know,
a gigantic 500 and 1,800 pound gorilla's hoodie.
We kind of look like that.
You're all seen him on ESPN every now and then.
It's fun.
I love these guys.
Oh, Hank, you look great on the ESPN last week.
I'm like, screened at 70 and screen, you know.
More of these ass-offers.
Don't call up and say, you look great.
Say, hey, you look bad, Hank.
Lou's some weight, so we got on the KPI on the air for a few years.
Jesus Christ almighty, these people, these ingrational eating ass-offers.
Hey, you really look great.
Like, these people are coming up to me.
Oh, why are you always talking about being fat?
You're not fat.
The hell I'm not.
I got a big load right here in my hands.
I'm talking about fat.
That you wouldn't believe.
I can pinch our foot.
I can't pinch your name.
I can pinch your foot.
We have two open lines in big, two in brown.
5.6705.
60-com 5.60 on a mobile one line.
As we continue trying to get to the bottom of the tank-goldberg situation.
Here's a mosello.
Mobile and maple.
Hello, David.
Yes, I do, sir.
What Hank is suffering from is tick-witty and syndrome.
Yeah.
Meaning what?
Have you been picking it?
No, we've not even got a pick-wit paper.
The first 12 pick-ins was picked back by sitting around with the big belly.
Yeah.
Well, when you have a big belly, your diaphragm doesn't extend fully to breathe.
And you fall asleep because of lack of oxygen to the brain.
That's what Hank has.
He probably leans over, you know, with radio and everything.
And he's a restrict to diaphragm.
And we have to do his lose about 30 pounds.
We don't have that problem.
Excellent.
Thank you, sir.
I think you saw the problem right there.
You read up 30 pounds of ugly, rotest, disgusting.
In fact, here were to maybe a couple of those trends would be a good start.
And here were to like one like hija fool there, right?
Right, were the propagators.
I know it's not easy.
Easier said than done.
And of course, Hank's going to show a chula steak too today.
So, you know, he's sitting there right in the middle of the food.
You can hear him eating.
You can, of course, who might have talked about eating on the ear.
But I don't have that kind of a weight problem.
I don't fall asleep on the ear.
I mean, some of the calls believe me.
I could easily fall.
And by the way, speaking of that, I got a really couple of nights of birthday.
I can't wait for my birthday cards again.
Like after the fact that I better late than ever from the people at the Mimee post office.
The Mimee P and D C, a D, a D, a D center, whatever they have in France for.
Thanks to Ken and Judy and Billy Bob and all these other even some guy wrote something in Hebrew on there.
It's something pornographic, I believe.
And then to make sure that it wasn't too pleasant when I came back, here's a nice note.
From a basil, a G and O face in a long team.
Why is he here to address in a name probably made up who says Neil God?
Now, stop and think about it.
It starts out saying Neil God.
I've been listening to you for years on and off.
Recently, I got to see you for the first time on TV.
Do you have any idea what a puky-looking person you are signed basil, you know?
They have puky like highlighted in orange.
You've spelled p-o-k-y.
The answer to your question is, sure, I know what a puky-looking guy I am, which is why I'm on a radio.
But it's just the idea that you don't even know how to spell puky.
That disturbs me, Baysal, whatever your name is, basil, raffle.
How's the combo sweet to you, by the way?
They lined your white open five stickers, a mobile in high-lea.
Hello?
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Welcome back.
Thank you.
George did a good job.
Yeah.
Pretty good.
I don't know if you...
Probably it was my idea.
How many of you thought any of the bad news while you were over in Europe about Power Film?
You've got a big check from Guy who basically just want to think to end like the rest of us.
Because, look, Clinton will give you a settlement.
I'll give you a million.
Sure.
I think it breaks the news to you.
What you're talking about, the Abe heard the...
Heard they settled the thing on Friday for $850,000.
I mean, I'm over there in Europe, okay?
I'm over there 5,000 miles away doing a lot of drugs.
And I know what's going on here, and you're in here and you have no idea what's going on.
Right.
After he offered that money, then he settled, didn't take the money from him,
and he never got the apology, which, you know, when she started the suit, that was the whole thing.
The apology thing was dropped months ago.
When they started negotiating a financial settlement, they dropped that.
So what are you informing the officer?
It's just that the ridiculousness is over.
The ridiculousness of what?
Of the whole lawsuit.
We haven't been listening to this thing.
The apology, but that's not what we've been hearing about.
She's got nothing to do with Monica.
That's only like a little part of it.
That's only one little ingredient.
Well, yeah, because the Monica thing was started because she was there.
We've been a lot we already talked about.
A lot of Iraq right now, bombing them into the stony.
I love people who talk crap, which is mostly the human race.
For example, you hear them say, how did the world sit back
and allow the Holocaust to go on?
Like Malosevich, with his ethnic ending over there in Serbia,
he's doing the same thing now for how many months there's been going on?
That they've been slaughtering these people.
And like Hussein wasn't attacking his own people with poison, gas, the curds in northern Iraq.
The last time we were there.
And then the interesting part of this whole thing is that makes it so ludicrous is they're admitting.
They're saying, although, you know, when you're inspectors, when you went instruction team comes in here,
they're finding these things.
They're finding things that they're doing, weapons of mass destruction, chemical weapons.
And maybe now we decided we'll let you come back in.
Now that we got within 15 minutes of being bombed in the stony, now we'll let you back in.
And we say, okay, we believe you.
How does the world sit back?
I mean, if I ever hear that from anybody again, if I ever read it in an article or in a book,
I'll throw up all over the goddamn book.
How do we sit back in the office to go on?
Because it's easy. That's why it's not happening to us.
So we let it go on.
Just like that, a whole bunch of book crap about Middle East peace.
What do I think about that?
And they're busy of blowing each other up again, like they always will be.
There was a great, there was a great clip.
And by the way, the BBC, even though some of it is pretty stodgy, like it British themselves,
below CNN away, there's no context.
Much more interesting stuff on it.
Actually, latest terrorist attack by the Palestinian,
so they got an interview with Ms. Rady Woman.
And she said, we wish a lot of us, Winsley United States would stop intervening and stop trying to do do-witters.
Because first of all, they're going.
And I just fell off the bed on the floor, holding my side, thinking about Pekabo Street.
I mean, I just peed my pants.
Here was actually somebody else in the media using the word, goyam.
And she was just some crazy old bitch who had her in Israel, and of course they had to be crazy
because who would have right mind wants to live there.
Like I've said before, like that peace on 60 minutes a few weeks ago,
because really kids, they were up in Maine.
Give them the state of Maine, okay, given from warm clothing, they're not used to that climate.
Give them the whole state of Maine, all the same people from over there,
they want to live in peace and harmony, and they're placed there might be a little bit to the life.
Ring over your Israeli girlfriend and the banger would be a good place to settle.
One, it's 11.50 a set, 10th whatever the hell it is, it's three minutes before 11.50.
And I think Lauderdale.
In the low end, in the low end, in the low end.
Alright, on the sucks TV.
One though was a down and out waitress with only one hope that an angel could somehow turn her life around.
Unfortunately for one, the things were about to be boxed by an angel.
Then on medicine, Quinn, Dr. Woman, what was the booger causing melody that infected the children at the plate of the one room school?
How can one, obviously, anorexic frontier female doctors stop an Indian warrant, remove the sheriffs and barricades and tattoo before his marriage to the school armed,
and let us inquin, Dr. Woman.
And on diagnosis day, guys, get banned, drink, and a bunch of other old actors get together to solve a fairly easy case that she won't have to think too hard about.
The sucks TV.
All ring runs from the CBS.
No violence.
No foul language.
No new shows.
Absolutely nothing you haven't already seen before.
That's because we run the same three shows every night over and over.
So sit your family down in front of sucks TV tonight.
And before you know it, they'll all want to start reading books.
Talk to each other.
Maybe take a walk.
Anything that walks TV.
Watch the biennial.
Medicine, Quinn, Dr. Woman, and diagnosis day, guys.
If it's another rerun or a canceled TV series, you will see it on sucks TV.
Okay, thanks buddy, but it's 1103 at 560 WQM.
We've got 400 open lines here this morning on a Monday.
I know this before I came back here this morning.
It's Monday.
I've been away for a week and George has a fine job.
And I'll change you to the guard.
Now we've got a whole plus, of course, that morning show.
Boy, I want to play.
See, now that I'm back from this vacation, one of the things I decided is that I'm not holding anything back.
You know, these next four years and one and a half months, whatever it's going to be.
Now that I'm counting, I'm just not holding anything back.
You know, I mean, the morning show, basically on this station, blows.
That's all.
I mean, you don't have to go to a long, big dissertation.
I would, if you want to be Duke, and I might, anyway, even if you don't.
But it just blows.
And part of the reason being that you've got all these misfit colors.
I keep counting them.
Stop taking phone calls on Edgar, damn show.
Stop listening to these idiots who have no idea what they're talking about.
But they just won't do it.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
We should learn for months.
Just stop taking calls.
Yes, sir.
Welcome back, sir.
Sure.
Easy for you to say.
Yeah.
I'm just in the afternoon.
If you can, my parents are from there.
It's a great place to be.
Yeah.
I'm calling to relay to you that George, they're wonderful job.
I mean, over the week.
Caps off a perfect week.
Like, give me a case of fear.
Yeah.
So, I'm going to say welcome back.
Okay, thanks, pal.
That was Steve.
What do I say?
What do I tell you?
You've got to guide me beforehand who doesn't know Abe Hirschfeld from Abe Lincoln.
Who thinks it's a major bull in the...
Hey, I hate to break the news to you, sir.
But we actually, over there in Europe, they actually have newspapers like USA Today with a lot
of color pictures and stuff in it.
And the International Hero Tribune.
And they got CNN and the BBC and TV and radio and magazines and stuff.
I know that's hard to believe.
Okay, one call left on the board here.
56670560.
Palm 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Miami Lakes.
Hey, Neil.
Welcome back.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, George did a fine job over the week.
Very entertaining.
Very entertaining.
Neil, I want to give much of stuff away to I understand.
But anyway, why?
I'm not a doctor.
You're so full on this now.
I don't know how much you have to do them.
I'm not giving any stuff away on a show ever again.
If George wants to do it, that's okay.
I understand his feelings about it.
Right.
If I call, that's okay.
Neil, next year I'm going to Europe.
And with my wife and I have been debating what should we take?
And we can't believe.
I mean, which tricks should we take?
And we have chosen the brief bodies in London.
What do you think about that?
I was just wondering if you're opinion of it since you're really?
Yeah.
What do you suggest?
Well, it depends on what you like.
I mean, you know, I'm wondering in Europe.
So where would it be a good place to start?
I mean, we're talking 13 days in Madrid.
Paris and London.
Three bad choices, I would say.
Really?
Paid in Madrid, hated Paris.
Wouldn't go to London if you paid me by the minute,
unless you like spotted dick.
Well, why would you want to go to London?
What do you want?
Let me ask you this, honestly.
Paris I can understand because of all these, you know,
and obviously want to go to Madrid because you were whole-yellow.
Right. Why would you?
In a fan.
No, that was somebody in the background.
Oh, no, but really, I mean, I have so many, so many tours here to take.
I don't know which one to take.
Don't go to London, please.
I'm begging you, don't do it.
But what do you suggest at least Italy?
Italy would be good.
Why not go to Rome for a couple of days?
Go to Rome, Paris and Madrid.
That would be spectacular.
That would be a role for Paris and Madrid.
Oh, that would be 13 days that you would die for.
You went to London and you'd say, let's get out of this joint now.
You ever been to Austria?
To where?
Austria?
No.
Well, what are you going to do in Austria?
I don't know.
I don't know.
You'd be in your seats while I guess if you were into that.
Huh?
I guess so.
But seriously, when you stop and think of Austria,
others haven't been, you know, very much like the Nazis during World War II.
Other than that, what are the Austria and the Spanish four?
I have no idea.
Maybe music.
You know, are you into classical music?
No, it's not very.
You are?
Yes.
Then I would go to Vienna.
I'm into what this guy's name, the big time guy now, André Bocelli.
You want to fight him to Austria?
I've been to Austria for a while.
I've been to Italy for a while.
I've been to Italy for a while.
So you said Rome, Italy and Madrid, right?
That would be good.
Three choices?
No, Rome is in Italy.
Oh, I'm sorry.
In Rome, Italy and Sicily, that would be good.
Sicily.
Yes, for getting to St. Iana would be good.
So Rome, Paris and Madrid.
Okay.
Although if you're going to go to Spain, I would go to Barcelona.
I don't know if I want to go there or not.
Why not?
I have no people there that don't take showers.
Where?
In Madrid, that's right.
They think?
They smell bad.
Oh, my God.
Yeah.
I wouldn't mean that much of a dinner here.
See, I'd start out in Paris because the French all stink to begin with.
Then, then, and of course in Rome, there are some of the sluppers in Rome that don't smell too good.
So you'll get used to it by the 13th day.
In fact, you'll start taking a shower.
Your whole family will smell this like they do.
And you won't overgrip them.
That's right.
Have a great time, Pat.
There you go.
We straighten his ass out.
He's going to go to London.
Is there anybody in their right mind that would ever want to go to London?
Oh, see.
And you want it.
And this guy's got no excuse because he's a spick, okay?
So he can spick it upon me.
But these people, these Americans that go to London,
you want to know the number one reason they go there?
Of course they can.
Right.
That's right.
Even though they're constipated, even though they're boring, even though there is no sex thing,
the British cuisine, other than that goddamn spotted dick and the chips and whatever they have cracked their efficient chips.
Steve is Christ.
Even Arthur Treacher is dead for crying out loud for me.
So that garbage.
You definitely don't want to go to England.
Believe me when I tell you.
Those people, yeah, on a weekend, the saying British punks come over there to Amsterdam.
And they act, they get drunk and they get rowdy and they run around in the streets making noise.
And act in like real assholes.
And just like, you expect to see Paul Revere because you hear all of those people say,
oh, here come, here come to British.
The British are coming all over the place.
We're going to go to all over each other.
Jesus, get them out of there.
So that's the only negative besides the weather being crappy in Amsterdam.
The only negative is it's so goddamn close to England.
And all those constipated repressed grids.
Every time they want to go out and have a good time and just cut it loose.
That's where they go to Amsterdam.
If we could just get rid of those people and those island people.
How are we going to get rid of those?
Run dealing island people.
Maybe send them back to the islands we'll be going to.
Yeah.
Come in next after 11 and five.
Our lives are 670, 560, 560 on the 18T line.
Want to hear a lot more about narcolepsy maybe?
Yeah.
Yeah.
I'm probably sort of the nutman.
I'm here to tell you a little something about handguns.
They scare the **** out of me.
They're giving you what ever you want.
That's right handguns.
Think about it.
Need some cash?
Rub a bank.
Don't have enough money for beer?
All of the convenience.
Make ships and presses wire at.
It's all free.
You've got to handguns.
Some son of a bitch cheating on your girlfriend?
Kill them.
There's simple solution of life complex problems.
All I have to do is wait till you get the money.
You've got to pay for it.
And happiness is just around the corner.
Well, if you don't want to wait till five days, who cares?
Buy the damn thing on the street.
Just buy a lot of handguns.
It's a great alternative.
The working problem's out.
If you're being considered a population control.
Yes, handguns.
They just might make your fans.
1150-5550 WFU.
And so anyway, our center one total, which we're having a bitch of a problem with this center one campaign this year for a reason which I can't exactly pull my finger on.
Our total is 60,429 bus thefts is at 10 o'clock this morning.
And the borders people, what can I say about borders?
We're going to be at borders and candle this Saturday from noon to two.
Do we have an address?
32-05 South 60.
92-05 South 60.
It's always one of my favorite moments in my life is when I hop back on at Dixie Highway.
All it is that bring back memories.
All of them back.
Oh, God.
92-05 South Dixie Highway.
Borders have candleed noon to two this Saturday.
We're going to be having a bunch of stuff to give away there.
I'm sure we'll have more of our stickers.
Our DNH stickers and a bunch of crap.
Probably nothing from the station.
Will there be anything from the station?
Oh, no.
But at any rate, the borders people will have a little bit of a problem of curing over there at center one getting the checks from them on the time we've bases so we can keep remaking the CD and keep this process going, which is basically how it's sure they work.
It's just a little bit of a frustrating situation this year or a Borders episode, but we do it the best we can.
Right?
Didn't know what I said when I came in this morning and you were getting a hyperventilating and psychotic about it.
And all I said was we do the best we can.
We had a goal of 200,000.
I mean Sam had a goal of 300,000, which were better than they were involved in it.
They're not.
And that's the way it works.
So we'll do the best we can.
Here's a pay phone in Miami.
Hello.
And now how you doing?
Okay, sir.
I heard you a couple weeks ago talking to a Christian one.
Yeah.
You said that you didn't believe in the Bible.
Yeah.
We do believe if I can prove to you there's a guy.
Sir, why worry does this come from?
What inspired you to go to a pay phone and start this?
Because it's something I want to explain to you.
You seem to think you know all the answers.
I have no choice.
I don't have any answers.
I don't have any answers whatsoever.
I'm very happy not to have the answers because I don't care what they are.
But what they're least but interested.
But would you just listen for one minute of our one?
About how I can religious.
Religious feel?
That's your opinion.
You're entitled to it.
Yeah.
You believe that.
So why do you feel compelled to, why do you feel compelled to call me and try to impose?
See this is the problem with religion in America is it has to do with intolerance.
If you believe whatever you want to believe that's fine.
And I'll listen to your son had a dad.
But why can't you accept the fact that they're those of us who don't find into the same bullcrap?
That's no problem.
Everybody's got their own bullcrap.
That's no problem.
So why do you feel compelled to call me and try to give me an offer I can't review?
Because if you're not afraid of something you wouldn't attack you.
Well, what am I afraid of?
You're afraid there is a God.
That's why you revolt.
If there's no God, why do you worry what happens to people?
Why do you viciously attack people?
Viciously attack who?
Viciously attacked Christians?
Sure.
You mean like the ones who are murdering abortion doctors like them?
Well, they're not following the law of the country.
So, why don't you tell me what it is you want to tell me?
Okay, instead of worrying about what I do and getting me a son over my life,
which is so imperfect, why don't you tell me what the answer is?
All right.
15 minutes or less.
All right.
Last chance in the Bible it says, God, we have you heaven and earth.
Yeah.
Now before there was any sort of a spaceship or any kind of a venture into space,
how did we know that we were the only humans on earth?
In other words, there's no humans on any other earth.
Who is the only human's on earth?
You know what I mean?
There is no other...
How do you know this?
Because there's already been three or four space probes that have been...
And how far did they go, sir?
Didn't they just find frozen water and Mars?
Did they just find evidence that there might be water, which means they didn't realize there's water?
There's a potential for at least minimal forms of life.
Didn't they go with cover that already?
How many space ships have we sent for Pluto and Uranus and Saturn so far that have actually landed on those planets?
How about other galaxies?
I mean, you're talking...
You're talking so juvenile and so primitive here that it's laughable.
But a wilder planet.
Before the Bible was written, like you said, you're saying...
I mean, all the...
In the same paragraph you're talking about in the same chapter,
it says he made the stars also.
The sun is a star.
But those primitive actuals, all I knew was to look up in the sky, all those are stars.
Okay, he made the stars also.
And if there was a different future in the Sun and the Star.
I understand that.
But what the answer is...
The answer is, I'm trying to tell you how can you prove...
The Bible was written before there was any star.
Why aren't you responding to what I just said?
I would say he made the sun and the moon...
The sun to rule the day and the moon to rule the night.
How about all the other stars, which are also like the sun is a star?
How come if they had to say...
If this was the book of God, if they had some supernatural evidence
that they couldn't see with the naked eye, how come they didn't know the sun was just another star?
But Neil, it's obvious.
Why aren't you answering the question?
Neil, we do not live on the Sun because we were not made there.
Okay, have a great day, pal.
We...
Yeah, right.
Help us out if you want to.
Okay, we got one.
You call left on the board and look at who it is.
Okay, we got two open lines and we got all of them.
After going through that, Jesus, welcome back to America, Neil.
We got all these religious intellectuals calling with all these real good information
who want to share it with you because you're afraid of God.
Right.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
5, 6, 8, 18, and T.
Why was lying?
Oh my God.
Jesus, and Jehovah's Day.
What is it?
And Mary had a little lamb.
Right.
Leads was what?
Mary's on the lamb.
According to this writer, we got a big man having a penis.
Yeah.
Could you say that?
That's what he said.
Okay.
Anyway, I heard...
At the end of the call, I think I heard him say so long.
Hey, by the way, the only thing good about this is...
I think since he stepped through in the curators, you're not the same guy anymore.
Okay.
What? Now, why would we...
We wouldn't take offense at that?
No. No. It is true. I've been horrible.
Yeah, really.
I don't know.
You've met them then.
I have.
You used to be...
Even I used to defend you, but now you're becoming almost indispensable.
Did you call George while I was gone, by the way?
I did not.
Oh.
Can't I have been lying?
Why not lie, shift 50?
I said he wouldn't put me on you.
But you're saying what he would like to abuse you.
You're a liar, buddy.
I know.
Anyway, listen, there is one good reason about this thing.
If you need to move your bowel.
Yeah.
That's what we're going to do.
Quick, let's go.
What do you've got to go all the way to Spain?
You go to the pizza lot, have a good lunch and...
And within a half an hour, probably within 15 minutes.
Anyway, great.
Right away.
This guy called him and said, hey, you think the dolphins are going to try to...
Like, step it up in the fourth quarter and play a little better?
And there was two minutes to try.
Is that one hand put in the sweep?
Yeah.
Now whether he's...
Now I'm beginning to understand.
It's no knock it up to you.
Just the colors are putting him into a coma.
Exactly.
I think it was just a set-up, but it was a hack for me.
I think you can just kind of...
You don't have to put your drop your head on the table.
Yeah.
On the counter.
It's just not a way to...
I think it was one of those.
No.
Whether or not you're dead, I have friends.
That's not the inside information that I'm getting.
The inside story is that Hank actually...
Or went into a little bit of a snooze.
There was a mini coma right on the ear.
Yeah.
And if it was that call, I can easily understand.
Because obviously the answer is...
They're going to go out there and try to play worse in the fourth quarter.
Anybody knows that.
Are you going to try to lay down in the fourth quarter?
So they don't cover the spread.
Well, listen, I've got to go compressing my diaphragm.
Have a good...
And that too.
Open line of day two and broward.
Five eye on the paper and that had to be a joke, wasn't it?
Please tell me that was a joke.
Had to be.
Well, yeah.
People didn't live on the sun and your rain...
Oh, God.
I can hear those bells calling now on the old church in Amistadam.
And the only thing that the bells tell you is that when there's 12 bells, it's 12 o'clock.
When there's one bell, it's one o'clock.
And that's it.
That's all you need to know from religion over there.
Not just in a human place like that, but in all of Europe, in 99% of Europe,
the attitude of the people about religion as opposed to this American neurosis, this psychosis,
this stone age embarrassment that exists in this country, just is unbelievable.
Except the person places, civilized places like Northern Ireland.
Here's a compono.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Welcome back.
Thank you.
The response to our last Christian scholar.
Yes.
I think there was a whole of articles that you may or may not have received yet.
I don't know what you were away about the editorial in the Roman Catholic newspaper suggesting
that murders of abortions are performing at least my hands on.
There you go.
I better than my hand right now, yeah.
Required reading for that movie.
Right.
After real Christians, that's always the answer.
All of those aren't the real Christians.
Will the real Christians please stand up?
I believe we are the only humans on this planet, by the way.
I would have to roof her if it was something that's got this fire off.
I don't even recognize the name of the reporter.
We were the only other showing you the white shop.
It was the one.
You were saying, uh, this certainly must need to be termed a suspicious fire, a suspicious origin,
because the only people up there would act as to this building out of construction workers.
I'm sitting in front of my army, and I want to burn it down.
I think I'll wait till it's done.
Right.
I'm really towards the whole thing.
No, actually what I would do is to pitch up construction work a week a lot of them up there, you know, and then sit it on the floor.
But that's just typical for our friends, that's our SDS.
But yeah, if you have the article, this, the Christian guy should listen in and require reading from you.
You know what?
I was going really religious, so I was raised a Catholic.
And, you know, we were kind of required to go once a week on a Wednesday after school.
You know, religious was always supposed to be about laws and understanding.
No, it's not.
It's about intolerance and hate.
We intolerance.
Right.
We believe it will.
That's all it's all about.
You know what?
Money intolerance and hate in that order.
Exactly.
Have a great day.
God bless you.
Okay, that case here of our calls for today.
We waited an hour and a half.
It's not bad on the first day back after being away at 10 days.
That's not too bad.
An hour and a half.
Very good.
Let's hear it for the audience.
Okay.
Did we hear from one woman yet today?
Oh, nice lady.
I can't, I can't, I can't.
Hey, welcome back.
The officer nice to have you back.
We sure missed you.
Or I'm blowing out your ass or read this somewhere in between.
Have we heard from one?
No, of course not.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6 line.
As we continue searching for those eternal truths that only this audience certainly has got.
That they're hiding.
They just don't want to share with us.
Like that kind of people.
He spends a quarter to share with us the God damn word.
And we still have no idea what they were talking about.
Next time you need a great pair of new shoes, don't tell us go there.
They'll be willing to fly for two days.
Nine stops just to get there and do those little kids.
Pathetic.
So why not hold it anybody?
Why not go on flight to the right?
15 and 20 and 24 hours.
Jesus Christ.
And we're talking about this yesterday.
We finally got back after a 10 hour flight back on what is ordinarily maybe nine hours at most.
And thinking if we were on one of those 24 hour flights, even at the end of this flight,
we still wouldn't be halfway through the flight.
Jesus, your hose of fat and a pot harbys junior home.
Here's a lady in Cooper City.
Hello.
Hi, I'm Camille.
Welcome back.
Thank you, man.
I miss you very much.
You know, it's George did a very good job minding the store.
We did very good.
We sure got those pictures.
Did we?
Yeah, you got them straight now, right?
Got them all right.
Right.
It was really wonderful.
And we just missed you very much here.
And there are lots of nice ladies that you're listening to.
I'm sorry, we don't call enough.
And I had a nightmare flight myself after a month.
Three day of lunch that took about 15 hours.
Three hours?
Three because apparently there was a major storm system.
And then we had to fly the polar route or something.
And once we got to Atlanta, once we got to we had to strip a
with Atlanta for an hour and a half because the back up was all the
flight.
So I've been there in the early way.
I'm flying 24 hours.
This is unconscious.
Yeah.
That's the best way.
Anyway, we missed you, love you.
Can I get a share of this request?
Maybe.
Maybe there's somewhere.
Clint Eastwood as the lever.
Okay, you got it.
Love you.
Have a great day.
Okay, we have an open line indeed one in Broward.
560, 7.0560.
Power 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
I mean, if you're flying on a big comfortable like a 747 in first
class, even in a magnificent class on allotia, then it's a different story.
Or on British gear.
Bad news, by the way.
All of the major airlines, at least the ones are, you know, the big,
international airlines like British here in allotia.
They've all jacked up their business class rate.
I mean, way they held up there.
So that seat they used to be about 4 grand or 6 grand.
When they hold us in stock, where do they find all these suckers?
They have that kind of money.
Where do a bunch of sluggers like us?
I'm not, I go on the Martin Airman.
You're not going to the great airline because it's cheap.
It's not a bad airline, but it's cheap.
Who now wants to spend 6 grand when you can travel on the Euro 15, 20, 30, 40 times a year?
Here's a mobile in the range, you know.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
I got a true story here about Larry King.
Yeah.
Back in 1992, my father was working in the radio business also and used the name on the air, Larry King.
Shortly thereafter, he found out there was another gentleman named Larry King.
And they didn't do it there.
Yeah.
Subsequently, my father was arrested and held by the Voluci County Police Department for two hours.
But not saying his self support.
You don't have to do that.
He was arrested because he used to make name Larry King.
Now he met that gentleman about three or four months later and they did settle the name just to you.
Unfortunately, my father on a flip of a coin lost the name.
Yeah.
And that's it.
Okay, so that's the story.
Okay.
How long did it take him to make that one up?
We have an overnight and day one in Brown.
One of the most important people on the face of the globe who's married to another one of the most
I'm important people on the face of the earth.
Frank F. N. Gifford.
And Larry, before they got into the second question, Larry, I want to make sure the audience from a stand you and I go away back for really good friends.
You know, before he started really getting the tongue all the way out, got a was natal and looking from head to toe.
And I must confess, I sat there and I watched the entire hour was like in our two in the morning whenever the hell were.
I watched the whole hour because I was so captivated and fascinated that anybody this unimportant could say nothing and be on worldwide television for an hour, saying nothing.
A man who was a good football player as if that council doesn't comfort too much.
Okay. And that's a lifetime ago.
That's 40 years ago.
Who is as blind and boring as vanilla pudding as daughter.
Just blind as they come.
If you look up boring and petitionary, it's got Frank Irving's print you next year.
Mary to another one of the most unimportant, overblown, no talent people who has ever been born Kathy Lee, Gifford.
And guess what he kept talking about, feel about when he got entrapped in that affair and a head in the tabloid.
And Kathy, true her religion, helped him find his new relationship with the Lord.
He must have said that if he said it once, he said it 622 million, 457,519 times during that hour.
About being the very spiritual person and he's now actually got this great relationship with Lord, isn't that always what saves these people no matter how embarrassing their behavior no matter how horny they were, getting caught with their pants down.
Their great relationship with God is what makes it okay again.
Just like with Bubba at that prayer breakfast.
I mean, not that anybody should have cared about a present who wants to get some good head or even mediocre head down and married to the ice cream just as he is.
But nobody should have cared in the first place.
But now, even so many of these vaccines who were so concerned and so self-righteous and sanctimonious, once we had the prayer breakfast, we were all doing our on man's amen.
And then it was okay.
Now he's a good guy again.
Let's share it for Bubba baby.
Oh!
Probably you want from a sure list day too to bring in some oxygen, understand this afternoon to keep going.
Well, you know when you start getting that heavy, when you're making the big bucks from the radio and from the ESPN and you're doing your show in restaurants day after day after day,
piling on the fat, choking on your own fat.
You got to have somebody to intercede.
We're going to have to take over personally.
I thought that I want to interfere.
I got my own fat problems to worry about.
But we've got to start intervening in this, you know what I'm saying?
Do some intravenous.
Venus, we got to the booster six o'clock and we got my ball tonight baby.
Then we're in Kansas City, a real mismatch, bad one.
Since September, I know how to do a torture.
Well, congratulations.
Get a ride.
It's the old hero, Leeberto Beaver.
Starring Barbara Gillingway.
You both are.
Choney Dumbledore.
And Clint Eastwood, as the Beaver.
You wanted to see me get ahead.
Yes, Beaver?
Sit up.
I am dead.
Keep in mind, I'm six foot four.
I'm dead.
So what's the problem, Dad?
Beaver, I have never been more disappointed in you than I was today when you walked in the principal office wearing that horrible sweatshirt.
You mean my Beastie boys sweatshirt?
Right.
Yes, we're in the first one.
And I just can't understand it.
Just this morning, your mother and I both told you to take that sweatshirt off before you went to school.
Now, why did you deliberate, they just obey us?
I'm on to and it's the biggest concert of the year.
We're in DMC in the Beasties.
And I already got my tickets.
Oh, no, Beaver.
Oh, yeah, I did.
All right, here we go.
I'm trying to bring you home with DMC T-shirt.
145 in five, 60 WQM.
We have an open line in day one in Broward.
Geltie did a hockey game or at least a part of the game or a ranger game, I guess it wasn't.
Well, he wanted to use the corny line about Wayne Gretzke's in his office behind it.
I understand you run a lot of pressure, Geltie.
I'm giving you all of it.
It's credit when I heard Santa pretty good and a lot better than Christina Moore.
But, you know, I won't get skilled.
He would be one to use a lot of tight cliches.
He's kind of a tight guy.
Here is the camera, actually.
Welcome back.
Thank you so much.
Far as flying to Europe, you get a legal prescription for coding.
Take two.
You don't care how long it takes to make.
You don't have to use that crappy restroom which I told you.
I'm tired, you know.
You have to take shower.
It's not real.
Oh, I've got that perfected.
I've got that shadow with science now.
That's the only way I travel.
I have enough in case we hit the waves so I can re-medicate.
I don't have any problem going over.
The trip over was seven hours and 55 minutes.
It was a piece of cake.
It was like a...
You're almost veteran over.
So the trip over didn't bother me at all.
But coming back ten hours and of course, you know,
when you're going over, you've got something to look forward to.
The way you're coming back, you're already depressed.
You look forward to it here.
That's right.
I just made the old news and I just tuned in a little while ago.
And I need the name of the book and the author.
But did you just talk about Charles George and what happened?
I did, yeah.
Oh, okay.
The name of the book is...
...Pros and Con.
And there are two authors which I hope George has done
because I haven't had the book.
I think he's a regular.
Charles George is in there, baby.
He'd be back in trouble again.
He'd be off the doffens because he's a lifelong criminal.
He's one of the US scumbags me and I fell of which there were many.
And professional sports in general.
We got plenty of open line for your frozen...
...aid boys and girls.
You only got two hours in the truck.
13 minutes to kill.
567, 0560, 0560 on the 18 T wireless line.
Here's Kendall.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Welcome back, William.
Last Wednesday, they pulled the club at Kelly Craig.
You got it at the next month.
Really?
Yeah, but you knew a new or contrast.
And I guess you asked for part time work that they said knew.
Yeah.
What time to spend with this phone like that?
I think that's what's out there.
Yeah, she never, you know, she had she ballooned up.
She was proud.
She had the kid then.
She still weighed like 400 pounds.
And I think that was your problem.
I love Kelly.
Every time they give those back shots, well, I tell you,
well, you see it from behind.
Oh, well.
That's a link.
Okay, thanks for the bad news.
Like Kelly Craig, nice person getting screwed over again.
Most of the good people get screwed over.
Some of the, you know, not so good people like,
oh, squeakly, oh, yeah, I'm gonna get to,
well, she, well, she wanted to spend more time with her new,
whatever it was.
Or the new kid, Curry.
Open on and brown, an all-three and date, of course.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
Do I have to read this article about Catholic newspapers
at the twirl, so it's the positive effects of slang?
Do I have to do that now?
Because I really don't want to do that again.
I don't want to come back here and do religion,
because I'm sure George talked plenty about religion all last week.
Once?
One day.
Two hours a one day.
Oh, that's not too bad.
That's not too bad for a hard-headed militant atheist
bastard like you.
Here's West Palm Beach.
Hello.
Hello, Dale.
I would prefer to be more spiritual, like Frank Gifford.
Yes, sir.
Welcome back.
Thank you.
The guy George that took you place was very boring.
Really?
Yeah.
It was at least you were funny.
You know, you'd get a kick here and you'll show your wild.
Yeah.
He was his complex for more of it.
Well, like what?
Well, he's talking about veterans.
Who cares about that?
I don't care about veterans.
That's all.
Well, it was veterans' game probably.
Roy, we miss you.
You make me laugh all the time I listen to you.
Okay.
All right.
Thanks for talking about it.
He just didn't like your atheist study.
We're boring.
We're talking about veterans.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I talked about nothing that an old user would relate to.
Well, usually, well, like young people care about veterans.
That's an old people's thought.
No, they don't.
That's why I was talking about it.
What?
About the veterans and how they get the shafts here in the US today?
On veterans day.
I was talking about it.
Yeah.
What's that reminds me of a reminds me of a scene on BBC especially, which is much as I like
a lot of their programs, very informative, very interesting, very captivating.
All of this crap and they had to interrupt.
They also had to interrupt on CNN, by the way, on CNN International.
They had to interrupt the programming where everyone was going.
I wish it wasn't too much to begin with.
To show us the queen was there and who else?
And the prime minister, Shurok, Jock Shurok of France, on the veterans day.
And you know something?
I understand that you know, you have to look back and you really have to.
Why do we have to?
I don't know because the human race keeps making it up.
It's a slaughterhouse.
Look what they're doing in God and Indonesia for Christ's sake.
How could the world sit back and allow the Holocaust to go on?
How could they allow what happened in 10 a.m. in square?
How could they allow what's going on over there?
They do it because it's very easy because it's a yes, it's back and you report it and you act
you know, suitably indignant about it.
And that's it.
And people keep getting killed.
If George was telling me during the last break about this cruise ship that went on when I wasn't here during the hurricane.
Well, how the hell could that go?
Oh, it happened while I was still here, but they were, I remember the story they were looking for.
And they didn't find it because it went down in the hurricane.
And all the people, how many people?
About 40.
About 40 people on board died because the cruise is a line.
Now, do we know what cruise line it was?
Not that we want to mention on the air all the way.
Do you know there's a couple of spots crossed out in one?
I think the wind jammer, Barefoot cruise.
The wind jammer, Barefoot cruise?
If I'm not mistaken, whichever I think.
Yeah.
Not good to go Barefoot in the hurricane.
Huh?
Not a good idea.
40 people on that ship and they decided they made a bad decision to try to make a run for it and beat the hurricane.
I agree.
And guess what?
It didn't happen.
They died.
They died.
That's what you told me.
They died.
Who did?
So there's all kinds of insanity going on in the world, but why?
And God said, we have to, how many times we have to see those damn movies to get about Hitler and a God damn Holocaust and World War One and
General Pershing and Pershing Square and all those other balloons.
What difference does it make because there's still the same crap right now all over the world?
The world is a God damn slaughterhouse.
And these vacations that I go on here, the status part of the whole deal is now that last year I did get spoiled.
Make no question about it.
Make no question.
Well, however, that goes.
Seven months.
Now I didn't, I had all if I would have been smart, which I'm not.
Nobody ever choose me to be into smart because I came to work here.
I would have taken the whole seven months and I would have arranged for people to all pay my bills and take care of stuff.
And I would have just gotten a hell out of here for seven months because when you go on a vacation as you'll know,
as those of you who actually look forward to going on vacations and really go somewhere and do something,
you come back, it's like, like that, like a dream.
Like it never happened.
It's like it never even happened.
So if you went to bed one night, you had an interesting, enjoyable, bizarre dream for a few hours and you woke up and that was it.
That's the end of it.
Like it never even occurred.
Here's for Lauderdale.
Hello.
Dear, welcome back.
Yes, sir.
What I'm planning to do is, I'm planning to do two out of three while you're gone.
Yeah.
You filled out here pretty convincingly.
Pretty good for the one, pretty convincingly.
Yeah.
Well, they were out shot 40 to 15 and they got one two to one and they won pretty convincingly.
Well, they played better than the score indicator, I thought.
Yeah.
Well, did you use your other...
They were out shot 40 to 15.
I mean, just because I wasn't here doesn't mean I don't know.
Every little detail that was going on.
Beaver excavated out like 40 feet from the net and they collided.
Yeah.
I've banned Beaver book on as an app.
Stay down for like 30 seconds for a minute and will these people that are still loving the ban Beaver book connect them to better guys?
Meaning what?
Well, you know, maybe you will fold that in and your fair game.
Yeah.
And, you know, he's fine.
What about the alleged raceful incident that was with Chris Grant calling him a bad bull?
No, not at the end word, a bad bull.
That should not happen, I don't agree with that.
That was after the fact because, you know, at least I'm just curious if you get a chance to look at it and you know, look at the clip and everything.
Well, see, I don't want to see you.
Right off the bat, the only panther call out again raised about Peter War well.
I know a few of well.
Peter War well is not a hockey player.
He's never going to be a hockey player.
He, uh, maybe he does look like a bad bull in out of the heart.
I haven't made that much attention to what he looks like.
The fact is that you come back here and get the newspapers that have been left for me.
Big articles, Peter War well with, Peter War well not necessarily.
Peter War well is not anybody that has to do on fire.
I'm not a hockey war well.
I was just looking at the aspect of Van Bees book.
I didn't get it.
I didn't get it.
Well, you got it.
You got caught pretty well.
You like 30 feet, floating out of the net.
Well, you don't have to back in the world for long.
Yeah, he should be back in the know-it-war.
Yeah, so I just, you know.
And we'll see him again here on Sunday.
Yeah, on Sunday.
And he was for me, the turn coat.
Well, what do you mean, what do you mean, he's a turn coat?
Well, you know, what does that mean?
I just don't like the way he left you.
You do?
In other words, it was his fault.
It was a weird fault.
So how does that get out of here?
Another one of our knowledgeable sports fans, he's a turn coat.
Because they wouldn't him what he wanted.
And they wind up paying two steps more than,
between the two of them, they're making more than what he wanted.
And they got two steps for goalies out there now.
And he didn't like the way he left here.
Okay, thank you, sir.
Well, why am I getting surprised?
Why does anything shock me here?
Would these knowledgeable sports fans, especially the hockey fans,
man, they really know their stuff.
They know what to think about it.
I didn't like the way he left here.
Therefore, you know, where else should have beaten the crap bottom?
And it gives me tremendous pleasure, etc. and so on.
As opposed to saying, you, which should be nice,
they have him back in and that is opposed to these two shifts we got.
Two upper lines a day, two and four, have they sent a tipi?
Q-A-L.
But Neil Roger Show, now on 5th, 6th, B-W-Q-A-L.
It's Monday.
Oh God, Friday, this is so far away.
Here on Trap, in this old Christmas day,
I feel like crap.
Oh, 6th, Monday.
3, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1
2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2
1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1
2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2
I'm just a little bit like a hot potato. I'm just a little bit like a hot potato. I'm just a little bit like a hot potato. I'm just a little bit like a hot potato. I'm just a little bit like a hot potato. I'm just a little bit like a hot potato. I'm just a little bit like a hot potato. I'm just a little bit like a hot potato. I'm just a little bit like a hot potato. I'm just a little bit like a hot potato. I'm just a little bit like a hot potato. I'm just a little bit like a hot potato. I'm just a little bit like a hot potato. I'm just a little bit like a hot potato. I'm just a little bit like a hot potato. I'm just a little bit like a hot potato. I'm just a little bit like a hot potato. I'm just a little bit like a hot potato. I'm just a little bit like a hot potato. I'm just a little bit like a hot potato. I
get. W
the
three of five sixty w. We got
thank gov. Show from two to six
this afternoon and two last day
two. We got booster at six
Monday night football. Denver
in Kansas City. Pretty week
game at a clock tonight. Speaking
a week by the way, what did I
tell you when my p. Office
signing took place a couple of
weeks ago. What did I tell you
right here on a show that was
the beginning of the end? That
was it. That was history. And
what did I also tell you several
weeks ago about that big black
shvonane mole bond on a red
truck. That big fat ash
farts are mole bond. What did
I tell you what a piece of
crappy was? They offered him
sixty million dollars for five
years. Simple arithmetic says
to me sixty million dollars
divided by five is twelve
million dollars a year and he
said, oh no thank you.
Twelve million dollars a year
for a big fat ash farts are
mole bond. He said, oh no thank
you. And Bernie Williams who is
of undetermined origin by the way
who really the he's the just as
well without him in the lineup as
with him this past season according
to what I've been reading over the
last few days. But nevertheless
he's a superstar. He's a
free agent. He wants a hundred
million for six years. Figure
out that arithmetic. Okay.
Little over sixteen million
dollars a year. Soundbar can be a
little under seventeen million
dollars a year is Bernie Williams
worth sixteen or seventeen. Oh!
Dollars a year. Oh! Forget the
million. I say a plague on your
houses. I hope that all you sports
guys because one hockey which is
around a virgin to win is when they start
to win the same thing then I'll just
turn in my tickets. Okay. I'll just
go out and sell them on the street corner.
I'll go in the settlement of parking
out of the saw grass. I'll plague
out of the saw grass. I'll go out.
all of their houses. And those people
those idiots including some of
the ones who saw who listened to this
radio station the other 20 hours
of the day. Who supported and
subsidized it you need mental health.
Twelve million dollars a year for five
years for a big fat ash roll like
Two open lines in day two and Broward, 5.6705, 60.560 on the mobile one line.
Here's Miami Lake, hello.
Yes sir.
You put a monkey on the earth, it's hard for me to call in your drilling out great amount
you worth.
George, talk man.
Bring back the turd.
Okay, bring back the turd.
Okay, one call left on the board.
They're banging and clanging out here.
The construction people are banging on the walls.
I'm back in the swing of it.
Thank you.
5.6705, 60.560 on the mobile one line.
I'll tell you one thing, George may suck the big one, but George tells me that the phones
were a hell of a lot better when he was on last week than what I'm getting here today.
He said these phones were smoking last week.
I got two stinking calls on a goddamn board.
Just like always, same old tired craft.
The one thing that I come in here and dread, the one thing that I approach with great apprehension,
every goddamn day of my life that I walk into this room is sitting down here and being
met with this classic telephone indifference.
Even if most of the calls do suck, which they do.
Here's a lady mobile in Miami Beach.
Hello, Neil.
I wanted to thank you for telling off that jerk who called down these for a turn coat just
a little while ago.
No idiotic call that was.
Well, I mean, you said exactly what I've been complaining about.
My husband and anybody else who are sick, still, and listen, they're paying more for
two nothing more.
Two states.
When they had a real goalie and he deserved what he was asking for.
Yeah.
And I also think that L'Oreal is really smart to not get all involved in that racial stuff.
It's like every time he plays a game, somebody comes along and says someone called him a monkey.
And I think that he's real smart to not get involved with that.
The only one that I know of that ever he was determined by that eating ape was Brian
Murray last time I recall.
Right.
And I know everybody talks about how well he's playing and how they won the game and it
was a good win and all that sort of thing.
How well the answers are playing.
I beat the rangers when I beat the fires.
Yeah.
It was two in a row.
I mean, hey, it was something.
Yeah.
But I wouldn't be too excited yet.
No, I'm not.
I'm not.
I think that I hope that Dan B's for the best season are coming to him because from the
minute he did that at the beginning of the year, the minute his agent started asking
for him.
And I think it doesn't mind raising ticket prices and crying about nobody will build him
in arena when he's got more money than God.
So anyway, that's all that was my beat.
I love hearing you tell that guy off.
Okay.
And what happened on Sunday?
Yes, I'm going to be there.
Okay, right through.
Rooting for the beaver.
Okay.
See you there.
Bye.
We have an open line in the row.
Here's a model in cross bring.
Hello.
Neil, yes, sir.
You're a little late with what?
Let me tell you I gave up on the season ticket holder or was for the Marlin for the heat
or the panthers and for the thing.
Yeah.
When they started with the salary situation, 60, 80, 100 million every season.
Crazy.
I said to myself later for this.
I gave up all my season tickets and what I started doing was sponsoring use athletic
and at least there you get some dang for your buck.
When you go to a soccer game like I sponsor three different girl soccer team, they treat
you with respect, they treat you with you know all outs playing and that to me is what
sports is all about.
This whole situation with the other thing Kevin Brown way out of here.
When you think about and this is not the greatest analogy, President Clinton who has gone
to pressure 365 days a year for a measly 250 larger year.
Yeah.
In respect to a guy that goes out and throws the ball back and forth to the catcher and
take four slides at the plate.
Right.
What's wrong with this picture?
No, what's wrong with it is that the American public are a bunch of morons that the
priorities are all upside down.
They've been brainwashed into subsidizing a bunch of bullcrap and the networks keep coming
out of the box and it's a billion dollars and it's a trillion dollars and the sky's
the limit.
I hope they all wind up losing their ass.
Well, it's guys like me that go out and support these franchises and it's guys like me that
are backing out.
And when I tell you backing out, it's not just me, it's mostly associates that I deal
with.
No one in their right mind.
We've gotten close from the heat front office about you know, look don't they allow
this season to be here.
We don't care what this season is.
Let these guys go out and work in public and find out what a real job is and that's the
beginning and the end of it.
And most of those guys couldn't get a job in my public so pretty bad.
That's a great thing to have.
Right.
We have an open line in Broward all three and they five six seven oh five sixty pump
five sixty on a mobile one line coming.
It's passing through to me.
And eight air of God.
I don't give a shit anymore.
Seven.
We've got 400 day blind weight nine of five six seven oh five sixty pump five six
six on a mobile one line.
I'm sitting here and I'm thinking about that more blonde thing that's go blonde and
the more I think about it the more intense I get.
The more intense I start letting up.
You think about all the black guys in this country.
Some of them are well educated to move them to have some skills.
Just can't catch a break.
And here's a guy who's turned down twelve million dollars a year to play baseball with
his big fat ass.
There's something.
There's a cigarette a word pile here somewhere.
I'm talking about right now.
Here's a Libyan hollywood.
Hello.
Hi Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
Welcome back.
I just wanted to say I have an idea for the I guess you heard about the Wayne Highs
thing that they want to do with statue for him.
No, I didn't hear that.
Oh geez.
Well my stepfather actually brought it up.
He thinks that they should create out holds to his finger and put his name on it.
And also about the arena fire.
I heard about that.
I was thinking maybe it was a disgruntled NBA player.
Yeah, they're tall enough they could probably.
Just let me throw up and start on the roof.
Okay, how do you like this?
We have an open-eyed umbrella three and eight.
No, they're in Weston.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Welcome back.
You're a good trip.
Great.
Did you see any paper there about the possible signature for a world where to head on a
Westy Maroso?
Yes.
Well, what do you think?
How do I know?
How can I think anything when I wasn't here to see the game?
How do I know?
Well, I thought maybe you paid for it or something.
As far as the NBA players are concerned.
All I can tell you is that I have no interest in goons.
Okay, there's too many goons in the NHL.
There's too many goons in the Allsport.
This guy is not a player.
I'm sick and tired of hearing about Peter Whirlrell.
There's a mediocre team that's playing out there named the Florida Panthers.
And it's a good distraction to keep everybody pointing fingers about him.
He did this.
He didn't do this.
This one called him an A and didn't call him an A.
That's good.
And all of these are the smoke screens for the fact that's a very mediocre team.
There's four goons and other players with that.
All the money that they're getting in there.
It's not very good.
I won't pay for any of those tickets for that.
But you said you wouldn't want any of the basketball players in your public.
I think we can really use them there.
If you wouldn't have to have any of these short-stock people on ladders.
They heard it just after the Allsway.
Good point.
I never thought about it.
I get those prices down there where they ought to be.
Excellent point.
Thank you, sir.
There we go.
Let's get all those NBA guys in there at your neighborhood public.
Preach up for me on the fourth shelf up there.
Okay, no problem.
I can be reaching down.
Two open lines, indeed, two and a half hours.
Bystandin, I played minor league ball in the last time in 1939, 1940.
Yeah.
It was a major organization.
And I was just $40 a month and all the bill I can drink on the bus.
Yeah, that was clear.
I'm going to tell you something.
That was great.
40 dollars a month.
I made a flight second base.
I made this run.
I was hit in 280.
I can hit a curve.
But I can never get up into the bags.
Yeah.
I'm luckin' at these.
Whatever they are.
That's what we do.
One in a week.
And they get in two with $3 million.
Right.
And they can't.
Look at this one, it's my amulet.
They put him in a designated hitter and he can't catch a fly ball.
Who holds a consuffer?
For you.
That's for one.
Yeah.
I just want to get that off my chest.
But I'll tell you, this professional ball, football, basketball, baseball, soccer.
Amen.
I'm going to every major league game.
I've stopped on to football games.
I've stopped.
Fine.
Here's a mobile in the Gables.
Hello.
Hey, man.
How you doing?
Okay, sir.
Yeah, I'm just wondering.
Why are you bringing up race when it comes to more fun?
Meaning what?
You're saying, oh, how many black people are in like that dumb, whatever you call smart stuff?
Why are you bringing it up?
Why not?
Well, when might be a certain down the big deal from the drug, you go, that's super white guy.
Yes, I did.
It is.
Right, it is.
Right, it is.
Yeah, it is.
I do.
That's why I asked super-guitos what I call them.
That's right.
Oh, you call them a-guitos?
Right.
He is.
No, I didn't call him a-guito.
He is a-guito.
Listen, listen.
I agree with you about this.
That's why he's a-guito.
He's got a grito with no loyalty who belly-aicked about the fact that he was in shock that he
was no longer wearing the Dodger blue because he demanded $100 million from them.
And now he takes $91 million to play in New York.
He's nothing but a goddamn hurl is what he is.
He's got grito and whore.
Wow, that's beautiful.
But listen, I just hope baseball goes out of business soon.
Me too.
There's a war sport and they're overpaying everybody.
And that's the sport that really beat down with the overpaying everybody when the free
agency came around.
You're right.
So, you know, they started the whole-man.
I actually have a plague on their house, pal.
They asked you where they're balls and packed them up and go home.
Amen.
Of course, this town, this is a joint here.
We're going to wind up, you know, this place is a little bankrupt because of the Marlins
again and Wayne's to own the Marlins last time I checked.
By the way, anything happened on that deal I was done at John H.
No, no.
Oh, my God.
I'm going to tell you something.
When they approach you, you people out there in radio land and tell you that they want you
to buy those Marlins season tickets next year, you better show them where the goddamn exit
is.
You better make them hear that dial tone on the phone.
Real goddamn fast.
That's the one.
Well, I think it's kind of slow, you know.
Oh, this phone system blows that I ever mentioned.
Two open lines and Dave wanted.
I had Birmingham and the Tuscaloosa game on Saturday.
Get a goddamn life, okay, pal.
Go into rehab.
Get a lobotomy.
See if there's anything left in there where that brain used to be.
Here's a, what is it?
I'm on the wrong line.
Mobile in North Miami.
Hello.
Are you throwing a hill?
Okay, sure.
Just want to let your older would lay you back.
And I'm the most of Georgia's in the nice guy is kind of boring.
But we'll glad you back.
Thank you so much.
He may be boring, but let me say it again.
He had more calls than one hour than I've had all day here put together.
That's what he keeps telling me.
Every drink he says, guess what, fat?
So I had more calls on the board at any given time than you have put together here in two
and a half hours.
What's your big claim?
After 23 years in this market.
And I said, well, guess what, Mr. Smarty, Pat?
That I just got my paycheck today.
That's what I said.
Oh, by the way, did you give him your bonus here?
No, remember it's during this quarter.
Oh my God, this is the week ladies and gentlemen.
This is the week that was.
Get Walter Cronkite back.
Forget about that space shuttle looking with that old fart.
Get Walter Cronkite back for one more go round.
We have the news event of the goddamn century and it's coming up this Friday.
November 20th right here at WQAM.
This is the day according to Greg, I would never lie to you unless I was alone or with
somebody read.
Promise George his three not one, not two, but three.
Uno dos tres, under twa.
Got it?
Uno dos tres, three bonus checks all in one this Friday.
And if that money isn't there on Friday, it's going to be a long vacation for some
of us.
Because this man came down here and made a blotto, thread in the goddamn door.
Look at that.
Made a blotto on the goddamn door.
This Greg Greed that after all these months of pervericating and bullcapping, installing
and still going and just plain out ball face lying through his goddamn teeth that George
would finally get his bonuses.
And here's a guy that comes in here and does the whole week with preventing them from
having to pay somebody from coming in here to do the affiliate who probably would have
sucked anyway and did a lot more boring than George ever could be.
So this Friday I want everybody in this town.
I want every man, woman and child affected should be a holiday.
It could should be allowed to stay home from school on Friday.
To listen to this show and see if this man finally comes through.
This is the moment of truth.
It is.
This is the greatest test in the history of the human race.
Far more meaningful than any of the monocholewinski bullcrap any of that garbage and on my vacation
to follow in week.
So if you also take it off.
Yeah.
Then we'll be going to go to the other side of the show.
There's going to be answering the phones, running the board and payment.
That's what that check was for.
1226 and 536 Ben coat.
Get away from the ball mother.
Pretty to the 560 W and by the way I guess I should and all fairness mentioned I did
see the story.
Can Camadity of the Houston Actors took less money just like Mark wasted a couple years
ago.
So the ancient cargo can Camadity showed a little bit of loyalty for the last money turned
on offer from Detroit.
Who wants to play with it anyway and stayed in Houston.
Well, can baby.
So there's a few guys who are like that not too many.
There's a couple that can scrape by with their six or seven away money or whatever they
will make it.
They can make ends meet somehow as opposed to what I grease fall my piazza and a big
show.
No.
Open on a day one and Howard five six and you know something there's no NBA season
and you better picture yourself right now boys and girls because somehow our lives are
going on.
Oh, what a revelation.
Huh?
Can you believe it?
I can't hardly believe it myself.
That life as we want to know it is still going on a world of still spinning around.
God is still killing people.
By the way, the name of that cruise was the Camacasi cruise that those people got on.
The one that went out there in the middle of Hurricane mission said let's see if we
can't beat that storm today.
A beat the storm.
No, we're all dead.
What was it again?
Birford.
Here's a mobile and vocal.
Hello.
Hey, George.
Yeah.
Hey, George, we need you show.
What's happening?
You were just filling in.
Hey, good to hear you back.
I mean, whatever really didn't happen.
I heard that they found the ship but didn't find the people.
Is that true or is everything's gone?
They're dead.
Oh, all right.
Yeah.
Sure, but I can do about it.
All right.
Exactly.
There's no sense in overreacting at this point.
Right.
I'm working.
I mean, those people from the Titanic are doing too good either.
Yeah.
Listen, it's good to have you back.
And listen, that John Henryville was done while you were gone.
We were?
Yeah.
You said that I had a fact it was.
Yeah, that's okay.
How come when I say that here on the sports page, now can we immediately don't get
like all kinds of bulldozers and bells and buzzers going off?
I don't know.
I've not that I really cares just that was the big news back then.
Well, then let me just amend what I said before.
John Henry, if he does, though, he still just tell him, oh, when he won, you'll
really be able to take it.
Oh, no.
You know what the first thing he said, though, like don't you know, is that he needs a new
stadium.
Yeah.
Of course.
And I know you don't like sports, but what do you do like certain sports?
But did you hear it?
I don't know.
I know you do like certain sports, but the Saturday you left about your Spartans.
Yeah.
They did?
Yeah, about how they beat the crap out of who know they were.
Yeah, that was good.
That's why I wanted to factor.
Who do we beat?
We beat Notre Dame earlier.
Right.
You know, Michael.
How I was saying, I saw a highlight.
That's right.
What a genius that was.
There you go.
Hey, Neil, I miss you.
You were great.
You see he held his own and people still.
And you have a good one.
And have a great life.
So people are calling up that community.
Did go to the Astro.
He is with me.
He was with the Astros.
Where is it?
Whatever you thought him, Joe.
He was a pod right.
Oh, that's right.
He used to be with Houston.
And then he went to San Diego.
And then he went to San Diego.
Back to Houston now.
But for less money than Detroit offered him, that was the point.
Is Matthew Point, Joe?
That's the point.
Right.
Also, I forgot that he went to San Diego.
Let's face it.
San Diego, even as the good of season as they had.
There were a non-district team.
If you take Tony Gwynne off of that team,
I'm telling you, Brown is in two years.
He is going to be offered.
Can you be silent?
He's gone, though.
Do you sign?
We don't know anything.
OK.
It's your sport, Chris.
We know nothing.
But the point I'm trying to make you a San Diego is a boring
non-district team, even with Greg Vaughan, even if they had Mo Vaughan.
Or you think you get Archie Vaughan?
And here's a big article by Michael Rousseau, by the way,
in yesterday's Sunsetville, rural can withstand verbal blows just as well.
Do you understand?
Let's just make a big deal about Peter Warrell, as the fiscizer,
a big black guy named Peter can read and play the game.
And I just obfuscate the fact that we got, you know, an organization
that don't know the rest in their elbow and a very mediocre team.
How about those maple leaves, huh?
How are we talking?
Played a lot of games, but never left.
Here's a mobile in Miami, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
How are you?
How are you doing?
Great.
Welcome back.
Look, if you hear that bullsie, he's trying out for our gas station
for lower-place knowledge, the good of things,
they can hear the bloodthirsty.
Well, really, a bulldy's going to give it to Gantton.
Yeah.
You better check it out, because that's
the very major oil communication that we have in the market right now.
He's buying up gas stations?
Yeah, we're getting our art.
I'm getting a guest thing about, OK, pal, well, let's
the world check it out.
Let me know which station to use a bonnet.
I'm going to make sure we don't get no gas here, OK?
We'll clean in there time.
We have an open-line update.
Yesterday's was at the Herald or Sun center,
a lot of the above.
Big puppies by a water queen's henchmen
from Republic Industries on the op-ed page.
Going on, on, I'm going to be in 6,000 paragraphs
about how Wayne never stole a freight train.
And he's a wonderful guy.
He likes to win and he likes to do this.
And that's how to answer them.
Right.
We believe you.
Here's plantation.
Hello.
I knew how you doing.
OK, sir.
The thing with Wayne Dio while you were gone,
Wayne and Henry played the media like a fiddle.
Henry called up, and Freddie was an incredible guy.
That happened just before I left.
I mean, I said they didn't want to call him off
with the team.
There were two people from 2am and the two newspapers
and a whole other guy.
He's going to have them run in order director.
Oh, yeah.
That was the last thing I heard before.
We did hear that.
And the deal was completed.
From the reason that George's board was lit up
as he was given away, three cases of fear
to all the gringoers who let us speak
asked him to the country.
Yeah.
OK.
Thanks a lot.
Great.
Exactly how I put it.
Right.
OK, we have an open line in the day.
Well, what kind of good way of giving away?
Cuban gear?
Carob logger.
A bigger burden?
Carob.
Logger?
Logger.
Oh.
Mm.
Isn't that the kind that the Jackson
Jo and the logger will map it again?
Open line got to the part about John going to Roman
having that affair with the swish guard.
The young guy neat.
Well, we're giving that tomorrow.
So he turns out that all those things that I made up
about the swish guard, I didn't know I just assumed
that they turned out to be true.
We got the inside story, all a bunch of things.
There you are.
It's been a while, we've done as much
as old WQA and...
Hi.
OK.
Welcome back.
This is Gabi, the different you're
in the radio answering your question,
can helping you with your marital problem.
Let's go to the phone.
Hi, Kathy.
I have a question about my hardware.
What's your husband is a piece of...
A piece of shit that's cheating bastard.
OK, next call.
Hi, Kathy.
Hi.
Yeah, I wanted to ask you about what you said
about Bill Cosby.
Bill Cosby is a piece of...
What's that?
Woo, woo, what's that, Olar?
Hey, Kathy.
What's that?
OK, one more phone color before we take a break here.
Hello, this is Kathy Lee.
Hi, Kathy.
I'm calling about this earlier call.
When you called that guy, mail me a piece of shit.
Hi, are you married?
Oh, well, yes.
Hi, you're 18 dogs.
18 dogs.
You're 20 dogs.
You're 20 dogs.
OK.
First, smarter.
And you're 18 dogs.
Second, first, second.
Second, second, second.
Oh, that's a joke.
Oh, that's a joke.
It's dog just off the air.
Oh, that's a joke.
Yeah, he was bad.
Don't forget to immediately have decided
that Kathy Lee and her husband Frank
here for our two very, very important people.
You better believe it.
I'll tell you what you like it or not.
They're important, OK?
Is that OK with us?
Uh-huh.
And she's helped Frank find a relationship with God.
That he's never had before.
Here's for a lot of Dale.
Hello.
For a lot of Dale.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, Dale.
Welcome back.
Just a couple quick questions for you.
OK.
About the argument about how much money
you've made up after you've paid.
What's the definition of a fan?
What is the definition of a fan?
Well, there's all kinds of fans.
They're all kind of fans.
They're fans who are like living, die with their team,
who support the team because they enjoy the sport.
Is there a recreation or whatever the hell it is?
Yeah, I mean, our group of fans,
we can take advantage of it.
But it's not the first part.
It's always a given money.
I mean, if your box walked in,
if you're on the U10 dog,
it made you feel like you're on the show.
You're the thing.
Right.
All right.
There's no question about it.
But the problem is you've got these assholes on earth.
They continue on the one hand belly-ick at about the fact
that it's out of control.
They all keep struggling to figure some planning
that they're losing money.
And then they turn around and they give the money,
figuring that there is no limit that the fans won't say.
There's no tolerance level.
In other words, no matter how much they keep raising the price,
it's just a bit.
OK, I want to bang on it.
Well, I already banged on it a lot, but that was an amp.
But the bottom line is this.
Is this town existed before we had professional baseball?
And how can you, if I do, should dare say that?
Now, was this community better or worse in those days
than it is today?
Is there any question?
No.
Is the quality of life improving in this town
because we have more professional sports?
No.
Oh.
Here's open park.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I want to tell you about the arena.
You probably won a one-missue at the start of the Clinton list.
But all the soldiers now.
Is that the Macarena?
Yes, sir.
Put lives on the shoulders.
Oh, my God.
How do you like that?
You missed out when you went away, but they did it for you.
They did.
Yeah, they sneak it in there while I was away,
so I couldn't take credit for it.
Right.
Thank you so much.
Thank you very much.
There you go.
I got this town taking care of.
I got the guy, the shot sign goal up on a big board there
is where everybody can see him.
I got the lid off of there.
And I have a goal right.
I'm sure they still have the same thinking goal right.
Because that would be too obvious.
That would be too obvious,
caving into one person who is a real fan.
One of the very few real fans that it tends to be in another arena.
That understands what's going on.
And what takes place in a real major league arena.
Even old places like Maple Leaf Garden,
where they got the big goal light.
And they have to have real big ones.
Because they're going off a lot this year, baby.
You put the home team.
That's right.
Because Toronto leads the league in goal.
Oh, my God.
You're going to play a lot of games.
But nevertheless, we have an open lot.
A couple of hundred day one and a row.
5.67.05.60.
And 0.5.60 on a mobile one line.
Here's a mobile invoker.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil, did you hear Joe Tyson's definition
of clutch packing out the game yesterday?
No, I did not.
I couldn't believe it.
The other announcers,
which is the speech will play today.
I'm not touching that.
One of the, they blocked the field goal.
Blinds blocked the field goal.
Man.
Well, defensive lineman was trying to block the field goal.
Another guy got behind him.
And like questions on the back.
And Joe, say, then that's what you call clutch packing.
Really?
Like, were you clutch packing?
Oh, my goodness.
He was clutch packing.
And the other announcers just shut up.
They just had three speech lists with their young.
They were clutching.
There was a lot of security in the material again.
There it is.
It was funny.
It was funny.
Thanks for the deliver, Joe.
Thank you.
Now, these jobs take me to say whatever I really want.
Were you clutch packing?
And it's okay because they're jobs.
So a lot of time, we're driving back from the airport yesterday.
I got the dolphin game on.
And the dolphin hero line, I guess the girls theme again.
And the zimper is doing his usual staccato kind of a
non-discup play by play.
But Mandage is on there.
It was that fourth down play right near the end of the game when the dolphin
is trying to run a clock out.
Fourth and three.
And this time was on the other teams, you know, on the other end of the field and
sit on their own.
And they will certainly make it.
And Mandage comes up with a right in the back.
And I just almost threw off the world laughing so hard.
Nice ball, Mandage.
Yeah, the best, baby.
Two upper lines in broard, five six, you on the mobile one line.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
What's up, buddy?
How you doing?
Great.
I just wanted to add two things.
First of all, it's for you to know that 94.90 did a store
in another piece of the material this morning.
Yeah.
The swish bananas.
Do it.
Forking bananas.
Can you believe that?
They were playing.
Really?
I heard it this morning when they were whatever when they were doing
it.
I know that cancer no one in this very time that's what you like to do.
But, you know, I want to know how you seem very fragile.
I really, really, it looks like a cancer baby or something.
I really, really.
It looks like crap.
It looks like 100 pounds.
Looks like you're going to die soon.
Oh, that's the best news inside.
I've even won a clock yet.
And you think mobile, no, it's got mobile.
Not no, mobile.
Have a great day, pal.
You don't know no, mobile.
Okay.
I know this is where to put the action.
You put it on those 60 million for five years.
A lot of these 60 million for five years.
You guys, crap at me or what?
This guy, he wants to get paid by the pound is what he wants.
So I just dribble my...
Oh, look at that.
Just dribble by the shoot up meatball.
They shut the camera's off too soon.
Yeah.
Yeah, you guys would love that on the way, honey.
Remember that show?
Well, I think you know something I never, even as...
I'm been fighting the flu for a day.
Not the flu, I shouldn't say that.
It all cooled.
Because it was, you know, the weather was a little on the ranch inside.
But successfully fighting it off, I might add.
And I think I'm going to do that this time.
You're just a little bit of ache in whatever little conjoition.
But other than that, I feel so great.
It's just taking me to allow to realize that the main reason I feel so good is that we actually have the lights on.
We don't have fat show in there like munging and farting all over the place.
We don't have like a little side show going on here.
We're back to the way used to being for a gym.
Like a real pleasant experience almost.
We just had all these phones with up here.
Look at this.
Only four goddamn calls on her.
What?
Only four.
I'm just being facetious.
More than we had the whole last hour.
Hey, listen, you don't expect a big response here on a Monday.
You don't go away on vacation.
Although I will take you this.
You used to be on vacation.
We play those tapes for a week.
And I'd come back and we'd take me a solid week to get any of the audience back.
Because they were all gondering of vacation.
So you can make all the comments you want about your gym.
It makes you feel better about yourself.
And he did one hell of a...
Oh!
Okay, John.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Neil, good afternoon.
Yes, sir.
I'm a first time caller and I feel that I may represent the silent majority.
I'm a three venue season ticket holder for a number of years.
But this happens to be it.
The salaries get out of whack.
The tickets are out of whack.
And I know three other people that it's close to being in these venues.
And that's it.
It's a finish.
So, I mean, is it ridiculous?
Well, what's going to happen down the line is that this work is going to be...
I'm going to hope that you're going to have to hope for it.
You know, I mean, if that's happening, that's fine.
But the little guy's not going anymore.
I'll go to a college game and we'll put up with the kids on 56.
But hey, what's the hell?
You know, have a good time at that venue.
Right.
So that's all I have to say.
Okay.
Thanks, John.
There you go.
But at the attitude of a lot of people, and of course, there are many people out there that do have to like share tickets because the expenses are great.
They're going to say, you keep them, okay.
Find somebody else to suck a win on it.
Because the prices continue to go up and up and up and they ring their hands and they wheel and they mash and they mow and they go on strike and they have lockout.
And in the meantime, well, guess what?
We're going to be raising prices next year.
Just say, no, tallest insanity, all this highway robbery.
It's not that important.
It's not that good.
It's not that enjoyable.
And if you took away Jerry Glitter, you wouldn't even know that there was anything exciting going on.
All right.
That's right.
If you took Gary Glitter away from the sports in America, the sports would be all out of business tomorrow morning at six o'clock.
That's right.
That's not.
Oh my god.
Yeah, there we go.
Let's crack it up.
There's something going on there, baby.
Got it.
Much of bullcrap.
1257 at five, 60 WQ.
If I can fake orgasm going to sports today, man.
Oh, yeah. It's really exciting in it.
Well, if you want to play for the A L, let's go to the Neil Rogers show.
Now, he's bought Lauderdale.
It's the拍子的玩乐.
Oh my god.
IR right these around the hemorrhagitZachute.
They right these around the hemorrhagitZachute.
This waycia bona fissue.
And those in the holiday season are making each their own.
Oh my god.
Come on.
There we go.
You're caught on baby, oh you're not a mute.
And even worse we care and chat like this.
This girl will know if she'll rank good in the hall.
She never even made her in the hall.
Right, she's a great, great lady.
Don't forget to do very important people.
I mentioned yesterday in 103 at 560 WQM.
We got hanged from Shuler State 2 with 2.
We got the books to read 6.
We got Monday night football.
We got the football league to clock Denver in the Kansas City.
And Denver will go to what can and can and thank you.
Two open lines in day one and Broward.
5. I see both of Brian's here.
I feel better already.
No serious place since you walked in the door.
You're treated to soupages to add from Tony's by the way that I mentioned our friend Tony's.
Not enough.
Thank you Tony.
Or what is it then?
Right.
Thank you Brad.
Is it Tony at Brad's or Brad at Tony's?
Whatever hell it is Tony's on the street.
We thank him for a few sweet good stuff.
We know how to get the free food on an intro.
We know how to do it.
We don't have to call up and get into big arguments with our good friends.
We're going to print it all American and stuff.
Two open lines in day one and Broward.
Bread Pro.
And 5.6.
Got it 05.60 and 05.60 on the AT&T line.
Scott whatever his name is.
Brad Scott Tony.
It's all the same.
Seeing one you see them all.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes sir.
Hey welcome back.
Thank you.
How's your vacation?
Great.
Hey, Moe Bonnie.
He's not worth anything.
He's a great man.
He's a great man.
He's a great man.
He's a great man.
I mean he's horrible.
I mean he only don't have to eat the bread.
Yeah probably two, three dozen easy.
But what was the name of that guy in the 70s?
He used to play for first place for the bread stock.
Guy in the 70s.
Yeah he wore the baseball helmet.
He used to play for first place for the rest of the 70s.
He looks like Moe Bonnie.
Yeah.
Big dark and plucky guy.
He used to have a lot of me.
George Scott.
George George Scott.
Yeah right.
You're over here.
He was getting paid by the pound too right?
He was ten times better Moe Bonnie.
Yeah you're right.
Good point.
Okay we'll give George Scott the money.
And George C. Scott wants some of the two.
I want the piece.
All the day lines are open again here.
From Mendes response.
We're giving away beer.
Anybody wants some beer?
Five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18t wireless line.
Yeah I come in here.
I get to give away a bunch of crappy old TV's.
The tracing media.
I can't give away it anyway.
That's it.
You gave away TVs also?
Well I had a special order to hold a bunch of weed TV's.
Just for that Monday.
So I was over there smoking weed and Amsterdam and you were giving away weed CDs.
So what comes around goes around all kind of ties in together.
A lot of drugs in Amsterdam man.
So all we did for ten days just the rugs the rugs more the rugs.
Anybody believe it?
No.
Let's spread the word.
Here's a mobile in Hollywood.
Hello.
Mobile in Hollywood with a radio cranked way up.
Are you doing?
Okay sir.
How are you doing today?
I just came back from Utah.
I just wanted to say that that karma loan on the radio.
I mean that's a joke.
I mean that's an absolute joke.
He do not be treating his wife bad and if you do not believe it or come down there and kick your ass out of your life.
Yeah right.
Yeah right.
I mean it's absolutely ridiculous.
Right.
I mean I can't believe they ask you.
I mean that's like great.
You go out on the basketball court and go on a way for a fade away shot.
Exactly.
You know I can't.
For a fade away shot right.
Yeah right.
I hate this.
Alright alright.
Can I call somebody a douchebag?
Go ahead pal.
Yeah I like to call Jason from Valera.
A douchebag.
Okay.
Say hi to you.
You'll be saying hi to Karl for us now.
Okay.
Oh look at that.
We're down to one call on the board.
Time for some music.
Now that I'm feeling better.
No we want jury glitter.
We're going to have you got jury glitter.
You holding back on us?
What?
Show how's it over there?
Oh Joe's got jury glitter over the other building.
How come we don't have our own jury glitter?
Here we go.
Come on.
Let's break it up Joe.
Let's do it.
I heard something ringing going on up there on the board.
I'm going to go.
We can't see it.
But everybody you know excited whipped up the pistons first.
Come on.
Let's go.
Oh.
God.
I've had Paul to make a reward for a training minutes grad in so I'll tell you that.
Who do you recently?
My friend's food was a killer.
Open on a date.
All three in our poverty.
5 6 7 0 5 60.
Palm 5 60 on the 18 T wireless line.
That's right.
Can Vince the people are having a great time.
It's exciting.
Do you believe us?
No.
Those are four dollars.
So does they're pretty good.
Aren't they?
No.
At least they give the fans the lids on the sodas now.
The macaroon.
A nice goal.
Oh god.
Here's a mobile in Palm Beach.
Hello.
Yeah.
How you doing?
They're glad to be back.
All right.
I'd like to have a back.
I'm talking about you.
I'll talk.
Oh.
Yeah.
I have a question for you.
What's the name of that book that you read on the air a couple of weeks ago about the football players?
About the scumbags like Charles Jordan who's off the team now.
I got to rest it again.
Yeah.
Pose and cons.
And you were reading another book as well too the following week.
Lost rights by James Boulevard.
I read most of it on the plane on the strip and adjusted the best.
The best.
Oh.
Okay.
You're real pissed off and fired up man.
Okay.
Well, I'd rather have you back.
And I'm joe.
I know you tried, yeah.
But what's the old man a little more.
All right.
Okay.
Okay.
Watch your old man.
He's got one call on the board.
Watch that because I got no bearded giveaway.
No old CDs from Tracy Neely, no weed CD.
How about let's give away some weed.
How does that sound?
Oh.
Anybody want some good weed out there?
Brought her back from Amsterdam.
Some good scunk.
In fact, that customs guy said, what's most in your suit here?
So I said just a scunk.
And said, okay, go ahead and have a nice shirt tomorrow.
560, 7.0560, 0560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Everybody into that fury glitter.
It's got me and my inside their churning.
It's either better to super or the other.
Got my inside just my tissues are twisting from fury glitter.
Because when I go to a sporting event, when I make the effort to drive three minutes up the road to see those hockey games.
Let's stop.
Keep me fired up when I hear someone say that.
Better Dan Well believe it.
And I'm going to try to one at five.
I'm going to try to get the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the
of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the
best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of
the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best
of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the
best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of
the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best
of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the
best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of
the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best
of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the
best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of
the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best
of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the
best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of
the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best
of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the
best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of
the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best
of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the
best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of
the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best
of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the
And the aftermath of the fatal shooting but pizzas beaten Buffalo area and performed abortions
Please keep shooting with a free sn after attraction. Candabas since 1994, that wounded abortion providing doctor's. We editorial written by B. C. Catholic-Editor Paul Schradt,
Rhymes with rat is said several times Pepper Times commercial hero, but controversy is learned to we won passage in the editorial that I quote
How can anyone help or repeat please that the murders of some of Borshaness Drs. biased might have some positive side effects shortly
wrote, fewer doctors are willing to face this stigma and now the threat of
personal harm associated with performing abortions, it goes to show that our
powerful and all-loving God can bring good from any evil situation. Right,
Mr. Rat, Schwantz. Let me read that one line again. It goes to show that our
powerful and all-loving God can bring good from any evil situation. Our all-loving
God. Right. That's what we got that new epidemic of flu
comedy we're talking about before the show today because he works in mysterious
ways. That's right. He's all-loving. We have an open line, a date to a
brown or five-state AT&T wireless line. West Palm Beach, shall I? West Palm, yes
sure. What's up? How you doing? You have a good vacation. Great. Good. Hey, I just want to talk a
little bit of hockey with you. I was wondering what your thoughts on the
panther's so-called power play and you think Murray might instead are going back
to putting Whitney on the... No, he will not because he's a hard-action. He doesn't
like Whitney as a player and he's not going to do it. No. Why does he not like Whitney as a player?
You don't have to have a camera. You have no idea. You'd have to ask him. You don't know
anything about it. No. Because he's not, we Whitney's taped the tape on every
pad. It's obvious that he's crazy a lot of corners. You don't even hear him. I mean,
Rimmer never gets in credit. That guy's pathetic. Yeah. But Murray, he just, he just doesn't like
him wrong. So it doesn't remember say as we affectionately refer to him as the wizard.
Doesn't he say that? If I hear Rimmer say as we affectionately call so-and-so, that
went out with Nickers' Rimmer. It's a boring. It's terminal. Rimmer, stop living in the
path. It's like the Mars pegs. It's an I-affectionally called Rimmer, the Rim Jaw.
There you go. He's pathetic. Well, I'll tell him you sent some. All right, thank you.
Okay, thank you. He's no gelbie. He's a new star of Panther Broadcasting. What does
that tell you? We have an open line in the day 65. Where the hell is the, oh my God. What
is that thing under? I sure really really. What is that other one under? That in East
Broadband. That's what the other one where he blurted that crap out on the air. Don't
you remember that? Oh, that's right. Why do you think you took it with that spooker?
You spook it. The colors get spooked. Sorry. Well, I've been away for 10 days. Okay.
I've been, uh, I've been dealing with enough spooks out there in the creek trying to
tell me illegal drugs and amphidins. Not too many. Just enough to be in the way. We have
a couple of questions to ask you about Amsterdam first. Is there a
Nathanae Hash in Amsterdam? Is there a one? Is there a Napoli? Is an
F Andy Hash in Amsterdam? Yes. My radio for about 20 years. Yeah. And the other
question is, I don't know. Do I have anything I want to ask you? I've read last
right here that they got for you. First store library. Right. And I want to know
how come everybody thinks they're football so much more important than our right.
Exactly. Good point. I mean, I just can't believe it. I just hear this news show every day.
If nobody cares about our rights, everybody cares about what happens to Joe Robby's
family and what happens to the stupid eye talk you with. You got it. Okay, Ron.
Dr. Lager. Okay. Okay. Keep your passport handy, especially where you are.
Who opened lives and being extra at station? Don't you understand that, sir? That's the
only thing that counts as people with their ball game with Gary Glitter.
There we go. The America's been brainwashed. They've been mesmerized. They've been hypnotized.
And they're asleep. They're gone. That's what they're doing 24 hours a day between their ears.
They're glittering with a bunch of overpriced horsecraft. And somebody tells them that
they're having a great time and that it's entertaining. And they say, oh, yeah, you're right.
You got a good point. Here's number five. Hello.
Yeah, welcome home. Yes, sir. Listen, you were talking earlier about the
pros and cons book. You had on one of the authors of pros and cons,
up against New York sports writer, one of the NFL personnel guys and these two old time
all the famous that I never even heard of. They're two-teen-hour men, you know,
playing in a farm and, you know, pretty much sticking up for the football players. And it was
funny. Got a couple of me to comment to one of the guys. They're the author guy, you know,
that these guys have a right to play football. It's just that, I'm free. They have a right to play
football. You know, it's just about the end for kids, you know, leaders and
men, isn't right? You know, that doesn't make a difference in doubt about that. You know,
this is a business in doubt about it. And just totally, you know, we're attacking this guy,
which I said that last whole time, this guy against... Well, you know, the Charles Jordan thing
that happened on Saturday, now, right over this last weekend, if this doesn't open up anybody's
eyes, if people aren't going to race out and get that book and read it and start learning the
messages in there, then, you know, it's a whole other thing. It was basically the messages
that the NFL doesn't give a crap. So long as it is anything about bidding or something that
shares a bad light on the league itself, then they don't give a crap. What kind of games do they
bring in? They don't care. Exactly. Exactly. Also, while you're going to card another petafile
up there, Lauderdale. Yeah. I don't know if you heard about that. No. That's just one more off the
street. And also, I was in the trucker here to, uh, James the name of the author for that.
Lost right. James Boulevard, B-O-V-A-R-D. James Boulevard. All right. Come on, good.
Hi, Lauderdale. I'm heading there now. Okay. Two open lines and day two and Brett, on another
gut-wrenching, on another blood-thwisting and blood-thurdling Monday here at a big city.
West Kendall, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. How are we going? Welcome back, sir.
Yep. First five callers. Welcome, Julio. Just wanted to call you up there and I'll say a great show.
And we're going to catch my vote for George to kick that job while you were away.
And, uh, from what we are doing on George's fine job. And I will fire for you yesterday. I don't know
when you got back from yesterday. Was yesterday? About four o'clock. About that.
Turn it down. Uh, I'll use the call letters W-I-O-D. Yeah. Actually,
forget that there were a few of us coming and do some programming to air the Jupy Loop 300
over the radio. And I cannot think of a more boring thing to listen to than the three guys who
were with motorcycles in the background. I don't give a sh- more exactly. I was one good boy.
So, uh, yeah, one of the drivers named was a big trickle. Yeah. I had a fun to hear him talking
back and forth by big trickle over the track. Back early to Amsterdam. Okay. Have a great day, pal.
Okay. We have two open lines in the day. One in Broward, CIFI, and Palm Beach are
coupled in four Myers. Oh, anybody in Jupiter to question down in Key West, down in Monroe County,
over on the West Coast, CIFC County, that County, Hillsborough County, but in Hiner County.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8. Let me just say this, okay. The overwhelming majority of the audience
has cast their vote. Management has cast their vote. I have cast my vote. Well,
you know, how are they having heard of any of what George did? George is doing a vacation.
Now, next week we'll both be on vacation at the same time. Well, I'm going to be on vacation
though. I'm Thanksgiving holiday. Don't think I'm going on vacation again. They'll be riding in the
three. You're taking another vacation. Let me first do that. That's right. So, George is going to
do it because the majority of those of you that want to call in and badmouth like a bunch of
little children, you're just wasting your time. You're just spending your wheels. Find something
else to do because it sure as hell beats those tapes. And when a people at Miami International
Airport greet me by saying, boy, George did a great job while you were gone. I know that those
real tough critics over there, they can't be feeding me any BBS, but BBS. That's right. Because
some of me even spoke English. That's right. Good people over there at Miami International Airport.
They take good care of me. They escort me right through their course. John, they said,
they'll take your bag over there and put it through the X-ray. Now, they didn't because he always,
he always say, you know, why can't I teach him to lie? Okay. He always has to write down that
he's brand-backed candy. He buys tons and tons of candy and packaged cheese and all his other
crap. And of course, he can't bring the certain things he can't bring back like fruit.
With the fact that when we got off the plane, he said, oh, you can't come in. No fruit allowed.
Okay. We'll go back. But so every time we go through it, so they push him over there and he's
got to put his, they got a cure across examination. What did you got in there? What are you going to do
with it? Where did you buy it? And meanwhile, they're giving me a whole critique on the show.
And about you did this and the TV show on and on and on. And of course, people are lined up for,
they don't care. I'm a celebrity at two places. They're three places, publics, the Macarena,
and then my international airport. That's it. On the show, nobody cares. Okay.
They didn't borrow. They couldn't give a crap less anymore. Just a daughter-in-law fool.
But if those three joints, I'm a superstar. They don't mistake about it.
21 times somebody over there to knock that guy off. I think George had a good idea. He was talking
a while back about all the loons in this country that we put in prison. Why don't we send them
over there? Give them a chance. I think I'm going to have to better idea. Send Gerald Ford over
there to do the job. He might shoot himself in the foot. But he can do it. He can't do it much
else these days. All the other ex-presidents there do an important stuff. George Gerald Ford. He's
there. You know, shoot himself in the foot and try to what you've done at the same time.
Two open lines in Broward, Palm Beach. 6,000 portmires. 25,000 Key West. 5,670560.
On the 18th and 2 wireless lines. Margued. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, how you doing?
Okay. Neil? Yes. Thank you. It's funny. You answered my warm question. I was going to ask you
just a second ago while I was listening. Is that focus for a lost right? Yeah. I heard you
reading from it a couple of weeks ago. I thought it was a pretty powerful subject. But you were
talking to me. I was reading it on a plane yesterday coming back. It's unbelievable.
Really? What is the author's name? James Bolvar, B-O-V-A-R-D. That's life time. I'm giving it
out. Bolvar, B-O-V-A-R-D. Hey, and let me, let me, I want to make a comment on it on the,
on the, on the, on the Iraqi thing. Yeah. I don't, I don't know the same way people get
to work up about it. I really could care less when an archive lives, dies or, or I'm indifferent
to it. So in other words, if he develops chemical weapons and you know, like anthrax and all these
other chemical weapons that can kill millions of people, you're not concerned about that.
Our government has, our government has a mountain of that stuff as it is. Why can't we? Who cares?
And why are we from the naysity from Dorn people who are asking
our to the arm arm in our country by flooding it with drugs? But I mean to enhance the damage to
Honduras. We have two open lines that they've been running for a while. Trying this guy is
flying carpet, okay? His magic flying carpet and maybe he can fly away on it.
Here's a model in Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil, how you doing? Well, great. That last call was
all the reason why he'd get knocked that plane every time the land of the airport. Well,
last time, take me with you. And that's the reason I'm calling you. I want to let you know about
the more the kids going on down here. It's all Florida. It's the perfect time to get the
hell out of here. Yeah. That's what I've taken down a fort ladder. I know you're familiar with it.
That beach plays and that new river plays or whatever those places were called. It was definitely
kind of a place to catch with it. They're going to hell and a hand back. Most doctors sit around and
watch the whole thing. It's full of drugs, funds, drug dealers and bunch of penny ass
little kids looking for a fight. And you got your safety wife or your girlfriend or whatever you
got and have a nice meal. You got a bunch of kids who are simply starting in. Nothing with your
wife or girlfriend. The doctors sit around with their fingers up their ass. Yeah. It's kind of just
kind of just annoying. And that's what I see. But anyone else feels the same way about all the money
they've done to their places and what it goes as far. I don't even know what the place is you're
talking about. That beach plays and that new river plays or whatever the hell that thing's
called up there. I have no idea. I don't know. I have to go anywhere near that part of town.
Well, you either want life in that one. Let me tell you. Anywhere east of 441 is the alien to me.
Actually, anywhere east of the, anywhere west of the Atlantic is the
anywhere east of university drive is too dangerous for me. Have a great life now. Good luck.
Looking up with a guy from the food just called us before we have an open line.
Poluteness. Carcubidolos drug. That's right. Blame it on the Hondurans and all the dead Hondurans.
I guess not that all those right down there in the Honduras and the Caragua. Now we don't have to
worry about drugs anymore, right? We can just hope for her. It came to go through Jamaica.
And maybe a Haiti and Republic of the Mennicon. And the Columbia.
Iran. 242 at WQA. Yeah, but the London boy of the Republic.
Put away and feel the release. Now the fresh sea.
The world in the young period of experience of Cuban lasting on big land.
It's like a vacation away from your troubles. Your life back home.
Just the letter of interest claims for you that day.
Unprotected ball. Preparation. Life's right, mate.
Cuban lasting on big land. Will you away with something better?
Real faster. No faster. Get come to shock. Sky.
We're much faster than that. Real damage.
Paper and body. You wish maybe 155 at 560 WQA. That's right. We don't care that
shadow is worrying and working on making nuclear weapons over there. Do we care about that?
No. We care about the fact that people from Latin America are pushing all on drugs and
risk. Remember what we're concerned about? No. Oh my God. Where are we finding?
I was thinking of Cuba. George says he had a call from somebody in Cuba last week
and Fidelas taking the woodpecker off of there that was rocking our signal on the
Caneoos Loudounqueer every day and they're listening to. Oh God.
I'm loving it every day and they're in Cuba. How do you like that? Okay.
Fidelas Apig. Okay. Fidelas Amonster.
It's Heteron So long. Now they don't want to hear that. Only the old Cuban
Chihuahua. Here's a mobile in Naples. Hello. Hello. You do have a
listener's over here and we called George last week. He did it for that.
Yeah. Well, he's under a lot of stress and I was. You've got a lot of pressure waiting
for the bonus. It's coming to spread. It's a big day. They're coming. They're coming.
Yeah. I thought it was really. He said they're on the way. He's not to worry at all.
Texting the meal and he said that. In the beginning there was meal and still hand
great. Yeah. And meal knew everything there was to know and still knew the rest.
Uh huh. Now the still is gone. George was taking over.
Yeah. And we're proud of that. Okay. Whatever you say, Pell.
I have a great day. Okay. That's George Beasley's boyfriend.
Now how come you're not putting fat your on? You're trying to keep him off?
You can wait. Can you wait? He said you can wait. What do you mean? I can wait.
That's what he just said. I can't wait. He's trying to push you back until I forget to be
two o'clock and it will say we ran out of time. We can't talk about Joe.
Oh. Trying to keep him all those bad parts you put in there.
Yeah. And I'll listen to him all week last week. Oh my god. Yeah.
I'll just make sure you're okay. You got back okay. No, those Eastern blockmen kept
you over there. No, we're doing great. It was fantastic.
And I called to tell you that I was one of the people.
Their thoughts changed over our birth order. It's from
borders. Right on. They ran out. They sold out. How do you like that?
And I picked up a couple sets of your CDs for relatives or Christmas.
Great. Always like this, Pat. Joe. Yeah.
And just making sure you're all right. I'm doing fine. Now how long is that
sure going to kill beyond that piece of crap? I mean, that's great.
That's your words. Who knows? They own it. Yeah.
So they can put it on as long as they weren't here. Everybody's watching, man.
The passport guy by my international yesterday said, hey, you're on TV and I said,
hey, big deal. Hey, I went to look for house yesterday and the people who's
house. I looked at. Oh, yeah, they only show I watch on that station.
The neo-roger. There you go. I said, why?
It's kind of in communist conspiracy. It is. You'll take care of yourself.
You can. Yeah. Bye. There's Pat Joe. Okay. Well,
here from him no more now. And seriously, he's supporting the show.
He went on bought the CDs. He went on bought the boulevard book.
He's not just some of Potzmokin Simpaldon, who is a fast flop that you think he is.
Oh, yes. Here is a propano. Hello.
Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Welcome back. Thank you.
I don't know if anybody caught this yesterday, but did you happen to catch the end of that
Cardinal Calboy game? Yes, I did as a matter of fact.
That was one of the worst calls I've ever seen in my life.
I didn't catch it live, but I saw the replay because I was, uh,
I finally found a game that was at least competitive.
The Jacksonville Temple Bay Game, which right to the games were so bad.
So I was watching that and then I flipped over and I saw the, uh, just just at the end,
when I showed the replay, that was unbelievable. He unbelievable.
Tackles the guy in the end zone, which you would have been first to go on a one-yard line.
And of course, there's no question now.
Our minds that they would have scored and sent the game at overtime.
But it's blanking and I'm really blanking and I'm, it's amazing how even if you're playing at home,
the count when you're playing the cowboy, yeah, I think that's what it's called.
The fixes in, they made a lot of, yeah,
a team and football and too bad that Dion was the limper around her yesterday.
Wasn't it?
Oh, that breaks that was, huh?
Too bad.
Won't see his ass no more.
Unreal.
Well, I just want to give that up my chest, but I couldn't, I was up all.
One of the worst in the history of mankind, but like you said, the fixes in.
All right, have a great day, Neon Backley.
Okay, there you go.
Okay, let's just not push our luck because I got one thing I discovered about coming back
into when they show.
Oh, my God.
Wow.
Although I had, I had, what the hell did I eat?
What the hell was it that inspired me?
Because we didn't eat that much over there.
The food and Amsterdam is garbage.
We know that.
But there was something, some meal that I had that just absolutely all of a sudden I woke
up at two o'clock in the morning and I was going back, going back, going back.
I wish I would have had a scale just for that one morning.
Because I guarantee you I would at least 10 pounds in my lifetime.
There was one section that lasted like a half an hour.
We're sitting there.
I mean, no, it's part of life.
Okay, it's part of life.
I realize that people get very uptight about these things, but
it happens, okay?
That's just the way life is.
It happens a lot.
And when you work here, it happens all the time.
Okay, Hank has come up next.
You understand that Hank's been doing a little oxygen this morning,
so we don't have any more of these problems that put him into a coma.
Hank is at Shuler State too.
We got the booster six o'clock and then we got the mud in that football.
Bad match.
We've been to a pound Kansas City eight o'clock tonight, but don't bet on it.
A nice job again, Jolly.
Unbelievable.
