Overline and date one and Broward five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line
I can't I have no time for this stuff. I'm concentrating on these hollow of payah ping. Um, what are they these poppers man
And what is this stuff? What is this like jelly? What is this stuff that you were this dipping stuff?
cranberry sauce maybe use that one it is not just a jelly does something oh
man if I could begin to tell you
How good these are
And the peppers are a little on the hot side the hollow finger but not too hot just the way I like
Hmm, man
Now I feel like Rizalma's was coming here today. Sorry by the way talking with my mouthful
You believe it here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. I got a need some advice and I got a joke for you
Uh-huh. Well, listen, let me give you some advice don't do the joke. All right
My girlfriend we wanted to spice up our sex life so I bought her one of them one of them fake ones
You know what I'm saying? Yeah, and now she's gonna say dildo you brought her a big deal. I didn't want to say that word. Why not?
What's wrong with dildo?
Ah, well, you know, you if you say if Monica could do it with a cigar, then what's wrong with a dildo?
Well, I agree anyways, but now she's not just any cigar, but the guy named president cigar
Well, go ahead good for her God bless him. Right. That's right. Anyways, and everyone did
Now you have been taken more to the to the dildo than me. What do you think I should do? Huh?
What do you think I should do about that? Georgia's right answer. He's more into that area
Anyway, let me let me get this joke it's a clean one. Okay
I thought you were gonna give him like some anal uh advice. That's raspberry sauce
There's the anal advice for you pal try raspberry sauce
Now look at this look at these phones here now because all the good stuff is gone
But I did kill three hours magnificently. Thank you. So when we come back either because we got only two calls left
And aboard it's either going to be we talk to the people out there or
All right
5 6 7 0 5 6 8
5 6 6 the unemobil one lock
You know you talk or we listen to papote fresh for the next 62 minutes or whatever the hell it is
12 55 at 5 60 WQ I'm a hang back from vacation today. He'll be a chula steak two from two to six Jim Mad
A mad the big whatever the hell is there see I can't reach your word as policy these here
This is turned out to be a big impediment to my uh whatever I'm doing to manage to be here from 67 30
Then we got the ballgame as we follow Mark McGuire. We we care about the marlins. No. Do we care about the cardinals? No
Certainly not, but do we care about Mark McGuire? Uh-huh. There you go
We will be glued to it tonight. Did we find out about poppano park yet tonight is the fourth floor open? No
What's going on? Did we get an answer? No. Oh god are these people? They're impossible
So anyway, let me tell you about hops again. I've been telling you about hops for a long time
There are prehistoric ones. No, this one's so good because it's got no signers. You know return address
The usual really brave of you are out there
In fact, we ought to be a
So somebody's watching anyway
It said to the uh to those reasons. Oh gee. I'm munged on my beautiful shirt. Sorry not
Seriously if you had any idea how good these were you'd be foaming at the mouth with anger that you didn't get it. I didn't share
It says to those responsible for airing the neo-roundgers TV show pardon me while I pukes what it says
I realized that all I have to do to avoid this pus is change of the channel
But I gave it a second look because I didn't believe the s-h-e spots when I accidentally heard this effing lunatic for the first time
I'm a spouting and his guys got airy or go whatever it is airy a word that's ever been invented so far and it's only the second paragraph
Normal people were blessed of the mouth right below the nose this muck has a toilet there that's never been flushed
All right, I'd like to hear that he's been caged and shackled in a little three by three-foot cage
That is windalous and through a tiny slot in the door. He's fed overflowing portions of s-h
vomit and snot
In other words, it looks appetizing, but it's not
How on earth can you possibly make public airways available to this sick baguette and it sure as hell says a great deal for the
Sponsors who there to associate their names with it
And as for the skull cap that he don's or sometimes I'm s-it and sometimes I'm he for the skull cap that he don's from time to time
Don't be surprised that I actually understand the reason. I'm certain it's to cover the crack in his warp skull when he underwent a lobotomy
God
Damn, I didn't think they'd get it
Boy, when I love to whammy him with the red hot poker up his neck
It says it says ass here, but back home mean it up a little bit
Keep up the good work question mark and please do us a favor and show it this love note
Unsigned envelope unsigned generic
courageous gutsy and thanks for watching. We'll see you tonight. I'm 30 and 10 30 on whammy left-handed slanted hand writing
Yeah woman. Oh, it's a woman
Oh, it's uh, maybe she's Chinese we have an open line at date five six seven oh five sixty pound five six the on the um
What is it this hour 18 T wireless line? I think we ought to do this right now
Winnipera tickets for the South Florida Dodge dealers Mac attack on 800 two two seven oh five sixty caller number
Nine gets a pair of club level seats no less for the Macatax zone when big Mac and the car nose come to town next week
Thanks so much sand the promotion man. You are absolutely useless
Okay, let's go to a four-letter deal. Hello
Four-letter deal. Hello. Yes. Yeah, I am
My son moved on here 10 years ago. He said dad come down here listening to the guy. He's absolutely great. Yeah, you are
Yes, I am have a question here. How come you have I mentioned about the casino open it up in the holy land over there
Because I don't know anything about it. You didn't it was in the Sunday, Sentinel. Yeah, I tried to avoid that. Oh, okay
I'm not a spoil my weekend. Okay, that's understandable. I thought maybe you say well
I'm going over there, but yeah, they're open up with a big casino over there in the holy land. Yeah, I got about 40 miles from my eyes
Oh
You have to check it out. I want to hear you give a report on it. Okay, and the one more thing of the media
Why don't you people were attention about that Mexican border down there when it was not an immigration and it's an invasion
And our government doesn't do anything about that. Okay. Okay. So nice talking to you doing a fire. I want to call somebody a douspec yeah
Tom Brown your douspec. Okay. Bye. I'll read it out. She call us again. Let's see 25 25
Zerry and Everton to be our guest on the show that day
We have an open line in date one in Broward 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T wireless line
What what else wrong with this? I mean if there's anybody can't get into that crap then they must be they must be
We got the good right here
Eat your hearts out down the hallway there at power 96 and by the way cocks on a radio we don't need to see you. Okay. We know what you look like
Howard
Here's a hi-a-lea hello. Hello. How you doing? Okay, sir? I was gonna ask you question. Um those little Darwin fish
You know where to get those do I know where to get them? Yeah, probably at a um evolution store evolution store. Yeah
My probably an evolution store
Uh, can I got two people do spade? No. Okay. We have an open line in day one in Broward 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60
Yeah, come on. Let's get those little walking fish with the Darwin thing in it
Let's get the ones with the fish food thing in it
Some were supposed to be sending us a couple of those. Yeah, supposedly showing up yet. Uh-huh
We're waiting we're holding on it. We're squeezing real tight waiting for those to be showing up here
So that we encounter all these people are gonna advertise their superstition their hook is focused on their cars
While we're out there these intolerant jackasses that have to well, you know
Announce to us how stupid they are living in the stone age
with their bull crap
About God and Abraham and Jesus and Moses and this one and that one and Joseph Smith and Mary Smith
There's only one oh god, and don't ever forget it. Okay
Here's a mobile in Kendall hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey Neil your son that music you've been playing
I think
Yeah, keep calling your Haitian music right
It sounds it sounds like Latin music to yeah, right? That's what it sounds like
No, we got a bunch of Hispanics who are embarrassed by it so they want to point it off on a Haitian don't you understand that?
Yes, you do yeah, I think it's Puerto Rican music
Yeah, Puerto Rican Cuban music. I think yeah, I think it's Nicaragua music
Anybody's music for hours. Thank you
In other words nobody wants and where are these guys from do we know popote a fresh? Where the hell are they from?
Well, I bet you on the liner notes here. It says it says nobody wants to take credit for them
It says they are from blank
Well, what's wrong with these guys they were at the thing their last night. They're supposed to be uh
They're trying a new thing. They're trans not going over kind of like our TV show
We have an open line in day one and brown or five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18th to you line
I wonder what they'll Maddie wants you know, I get a note here call Maddie after the show
Yeah, maybe I will maybe I won't
Call Maddie after the show
Oh
Mr. Skinhold over there Hermann Gehring Jr
Yeah, they had he was on our loud again last night. That was the repeat they showed
When they were talking about prostitution and I took one look at him and I thought boy if there's there's the expert
There's the expert right there
Because he's sure hooring that TV channel. I'll tell you that
Here's Pompano Beach. Hello
Pompano Beach
Going once
Going twice
Have a nice life
Open line in day one and brown five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18t wireless line
If you
So my wife just got a new pair of breast implants lucky for us. She paid for them with her city bank visa card
Last night we were getting kind of frisky and well, but the love to him blue
Oh
Kind of like a tire blowing on a formula one race car that just hit a speed bump but 192 miles an hour
Fun out around the turn and flew into the closet lucky her right one had a driver side airbag
So after she climbed out of the wreckage we called city bank and threw over here right now installing a new one
This one's guaranteed for five years or 50,000 miles
Thank you city bank
Well, we got big problems now. Maybe it's been a pretty enjoyable. The ones they considering
We're right at the end of the two-ug days. We're doing okay. We're kicking some ass
But bad news is it's the one o'clock hour. You know what that means. Yeah, George just reminded me
Spore my whole guide damn day after I'm gonna tell you seriously that lunch. Oh, I'm not telling you. Yes. Thank you
No, but those hollow pingo peckers those were the best damn pa- uh poppers. I've ever had in my life man
With the raspberry sauce and they told me well, you know, we try to make it a little kind of atkins like it wasn't atkins
Like it was fantastic and that you know I can handle it
But boy were they good. That's one of my favorite things in the world right now is those and these these shrimp with this incredible sauce
Hmm god is this what you're having?
Yeah, shrimp. Yeah, but with the sauce
Yeah, what is that sauce god is that good?
Oh
Creamy sauce for the anyway
The bad news is that we might as well sign off right now. We don't want to leave Hank with nothing at two, but
I can't compete with orange for Marty and Sammy Sosa. That's right
That's right
The blind leading the blind
Warrant for Marty and on waxy seven-eyed if you want to hear Sammy Sosa is if we haven't seen him interviewed four thousand times
Those of us who care did Sammy hit one last night. Oh, sorry
Boy, oh boy now where did we find out about that
Were they telling us about that on the worst team this morning? Show Castella. Oh, Joe Castella
Joe as a matter of fact who is ordinarily over there on the board during the show Joe has left
And right now we just have like an empty stool. Okay. There's just a big stool over there where Joe used to be
Well, what are you laughing about? He's got to listen to Warrant from Marty and Sammy Sosa
Because this is your goddamn jockstrap station. It's your sports intensive station man
And Warrant for Marty he be probably one of the most articulate x-jocks that I've ever heard my goddamn life not
He belongs on the era like my little dog belongs on a year making the guttural
Winning sound
He belongs on ear like like that music belongs on a year Warrant for Marty
So it's been nice knowing you. We'll do the best we can. I'll just sit here and eat
Where we going here's Miami. Hello
Miami hello. Yes, sir
Sorry, you just be out you
No, no, no, my no, my
Okay, I'll read it. I'll try. Oh, sorry. Don't know God. We had to
No, I don't don't get don't get your hopes up. Okay, there's nothing this place here is so goddamn small
What I was just had visions of five things firing at the same time like you did nothing is gonna fire okay the only thing I might get fired is
Yeah
Yeah, I got a bunch of crap here like these village people. Why does she keep sending me village people?
Is she think they're a bunch of fags listening to this show? Is that what it is what the hell's wrong with her? Was that what it is?
Like I said
Come on, come on. Oh, there you go. Well the one button that I needed to be down there it popped up
We got the Geno Vannelli
Who's related to millie
Millie Vannelli. Oh, that's this real screamer. I just took it. Oh, you don't want that believe me
You don't want to be calling that in your collection. I guarantee they'll come with a fly swatter and a butterfly net and take your ass away
I took all the good stuff out of here, which I good stuff would be an example look at all the buttons
You know
We don't have any room here for Christ makes it's like doing a goddamn show in a broom closet. What do you want from me?
When there's little tiny broom closet. Oh, yeah, we saw it on TV. It looks like a nice beautiful studio to watch
Yeah, good good luck to you. Hope you have good success with your show in here
Look at that. They're all gone to waxy right now. We got two calls left on the board
567 05 60 pound 560 on the 18 T line
That goes to show the loyal audience that we got I come on here. I take a chance made a bad calculated error there
Announcing that warrants from Marty's interviewing the great sami soso of the Chicago Cubs on waxy
790 and my loyal audience that we can't find with a goddamn search party is watching that whammy show at night
My big fat loyal audience. They're gone in a heartbeat all the good CDs are gone, which they weren't that good in the first place
We're having a pretty good day today not too bad
Under the circumstances a great lunch from hops
But as soon as they discovered that there's someone else for them to float they just float away just like a bunch of
hummingbirds and heat
Here's a mobile in bokeh. Hello
Neil yes, sir. How you doing? Thank God for not deserting me sir
No, sir. I love you. I'm all gone. You're all over there with sami soso and warrants for Marty now all these jock snippers
All these wannabes. I'm a stick on the mobile and I love when you play that Spanish music makes me want to dance
Your man
See I told you they love it. They're liking it. In fact, that's a new format. I bet you mark Benson were like that from citizens of date united
Who's you coachy mark?
What is that
Anything
not watch my little daughter
Going
you j on said
okay we have an open line and they're uh... to unbroad i'm through eating lunch
now by the way so the coast is clear
that was that was great but too much
one would have enough i didn't realize that they're just appetizers
lots and lots and lots thank you so much hop
did we did we get a response on my thing about pop it all part
i'm telling you i'm very serious about this
is there anybody over there in pop it all part
who can tell us the answer what's going on tonight
we know there's no live racing all this week because they're resurfacing the
track but the question is is the fourth floor open
is it just on the third floor would have like a very limited simlecasting thing
or is it uh... we were acquiring mines what i don't know what's going on up
there and nobody will tell us
for years i've been fighting the good fight trying to do something for my good
sponsors who pay their good hard earned money and thanks to people like my
close friend Carol howke over there in pop it all part
who wouldn't know information if somebody stuck in her ear
uh... we just can't get no information
everybody in their brother i don't want to have people show up there and
i'm expecting they can go on a fourth floor and sit in their box around the
floor of webtoon hill are going to be sitting
and that there will be windows open even if it's only for the simlecasting and
then fight out the fourth floor is closed tonight and if there's no meal in
order we don't know
god
here's my me hello
hey nia harvaya
okay sir
couple of things real quick
question do you think my guy or hit the sixty one
i don't know
uh... plenty of time is got thirty games left
i don't know if you're hit it though
that's gonna be good though
that kind of uh... thank you for tuning into uh... next week
next week i think uh...
up when sir
excellent place beautiful
yet the best
great people on her too
yeah uh... listen i can i start around for that that that
fantasy that you were playing
up with the fresh
uh...
okay won't hear that no more
the audience thanks you prefer to get to the last one i got hang on thank you
okay there you go
clean this out
dammit now i can't kill arrested time with that
because i got a put it back in its act there you go never see them again
and pretty ugly guys
okay we have an open line in date we got the parent-broward five six seven
oh five sixty
pound five sixty on the eighteen t wireless line it's a real shot in the head
it's a real kick any old ass
when a gold guy like me can't compete with warrants from marty and sammy
so sir
when we're out of business just because the audience is so god damn fickle
it's either that we ran out of stuff to give ways that it all that's it
here's my amie hello
you know yes sir
yes mobile on southwest eight street and twelve five
though i like by domino park
i just got to go into one hell of an ordeal i was uh... smoking and i'll
throw a point
and i had several lady come up and start screaming at me because
got so is getting a uh... trading agreement with uh...
with our republic of the medic
and that by smoking a Dominican
so how did you know how did you know what kind of cigar you were smoking so
when she looked at the label
and i said a point is on the Dominican Republic and she says i got
rather all the arrears on my hand yeah
and that was trying to fight for freedom
it's a hot back to our new a hot back on a banana boat
and by me one away back and get a new phone thank you
okay we have an open line and date one and powered five six seven oh five
sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen two wireless line
actually far with smart we got the little radio back there i just crank it up
to seven ninety and we don't listen to warrants from marty and more sammy
so sir
would that be a good idea
you know
you think it was a little bit of a huchi kuchi music
and that warrants for more to you know he's got a cult following he's got a
cult following people on the year like a guy damn dead man belongs on the
year like crossy motor belongs should have his own show
in fact the rumor has it that since the gaki is buying his way over there on the
seven ninety the crossy motor is going to be on monday mornings at nine
here's uh... my me hello
yes sir
what is it
patient music
yeah
what is that
it's from the car via
yeah
yeah but where they plan to kettle drum and so on baseball
no
it's not going to be
yeah oh that's Cuban air so on baseball
but he was come all right
uh... and how the Haitians come in
by a regular boat
by a ramp i've been able to know by no
no one will grab parents and then they turn back yeah how about my grandparents
what
yeah from germany
from germany
yeah i don't have a answers to this from trimmany they're from russia they're
russkes
okay they came about both right
came by boat no they flew
they flew playing about a hundred years ago yeah slowly
that's impossible
how about your mama
okay we have an open line in day two of five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty on the 18th this guy wants my whole goddamn family tree wants my whole
life story
and they came on a big ship they didn't come on a little goddamn ricky think he
boat and they didn't come in here illegally
and what the only time we're going to start again with illegal aliens
we're going to talk about i don't want to hear about it okay
and then we'll have mark benson and they're how can i try to go out by lingualism
bap bap bap bap bap
i'm going to start doing a whole damn showing you this just to piss him off an
emmie shaper too
by lingual my ass okay mark benson i'm so nauseated and disgusted i saw his
push on my tv two nights ago
spew in the same old tired garbage from my twenty five thirty years ago
you're worse than those old Cubans in dominoe park
get a new tune get with it get with a program
here's a mobile in my amy hello
hello yes sir hi i wanted to talk to you about some blue hair people when i
went on to get the guy with yes i would
board my ass to a public and i was looking for some fish food
yeah i came over to a white hair person that
do you have fish food here yeah and she looked at me yeah
yeah the ocean as it excuse me
yeah i'm looking for ice cream
fish food i'll never heard of it thank you so i went over by the ice cream place
and there he was yeah tons of fish food you should have told her it's a
container that matches your hair it's in a blue
blue container like her blue hair no i had a cop by purses why don't you eat
this stuff and then we'll turn your hair black
yeah okay we have an open line in power at five six seven oh five sixty
five sixty on the eighteen t wireless line
oh yeah that's for him here's a mobile in
hellendale hello hello nia yes sir
i first time called i've been listening to you for
ten years when you were at that other station that we don't mention a name
well yeah i want to tell you i love you i think you're the greatest i'm a salesman
i'm on the road all day and you make my life happen
and you make me happy and everything you say is that one thing i could
disagree with you i'm gonna tie you yeah
yeah but i just want to ask you one favor yes sir
uh can i get that genome finale tape
haha i gotta tell you why i gotta tell you why you're at nia
a genome finale father was a friend of mine yeah and i can't get his tape no place
but i also want to have a lot of tape it's a CD now you do have a CD player don't you sir
i got one i got one nia how come uh kind name genome finale you're singing songs like
tierra se amor de c'sombras en espanol
i think i know you know he was trying to make a crossover
i don't know it looks like he's doing he's dressed like a crossover is what he's dressed like
yeah but he said his father's a good man and that's all i can't
he tried hard in the 70s genome didn't he just didn't make it a waste of that
they need to butcher up a little bit okay i want
i want uh oh you made my life you know okay
okay hang on before you talk yourself out of your phone's breaking up hang on your
okay give that one friend i'll read it here too by the way chau
tierra se amor de c'sombras oh boy i love the way i say that almost like a real
spick you know i do i can read a few of these lines and of course i have no idea what
it is but that's okay tierra se amor de c'sombras oh god we have an open line in
brower at five six seven oh five sixty i can't believe somebody actually has taken
genome finale how do you like that even while warrants from marty is on here with sami sosa
this is a major accomplishment i hate you both those papers tomorrow not only to give away
piotta a uh fresh a whatever the hell her name is
but he's also getting away that lightweight genome finale nice going kneel baby
see that's the kind of town it says on one hand like i said they usually take almost anything but
on the other hand if it isn't quite up to stuff well now we don't want that you got it and then
of course they'll tell me that they wanted them when they get on the phone with George well i
really want that and real bocelli okay i really want the Beatles greatest hits oh you know the
five volume of set what is it what else you got he didn't say that no actually though i told him
to stop yelling clear as the bell that's why he was breaking up who's overmired because he was
overmired so well you better tell him to work on his phone technique okay he's a ten but i will
better a talk loud just leave my pizzeran to long okay 127 at five sixty wql q a l w i o d oh i hate
that station in the tradition of the disaster musical comes into Lloyd webers June's in the
attic the end Frank thierry you'll leave the theater humming those catchy tunes like no more beans
i'm writing all this down don't flush till and not these go home i turn in my parents for a
stick of the odorant it's June's in the attic the end Frank thierry cd available now
oh by the way speaking of that there's a little led to the editor is this the hero of the sunset
what i wish ever one of our crappy papers this morning i guess the sun sent them
Ralph Weinstein in dear field beach oh right old man ox house of worship is not a temple he says
Ray the article of august 7th about the Palm Beach orthodox synagogue that meets in a Palm Beach
hotel for services you state that they're looking for a sign in which to build a temple be advised
that since the destruction of the second holy temple in jirusselam orthodox or traditional
congregations are never called temples they're either synagogues shools or base medreases houses
of houses of worship and study whatever the hell out of bays what medreases as infarge rate and
crop is that what he said what the hell is this man talking about is this bilingualism again oh my
god don't let mark friends and find out about it we have an open line in date county five six
seven warrants for marty five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless
line boy oh boy those waxy people they sold that time to warrants for marty they know what the
LA we're doing can't compete with him didn't show up in his last trend yet but you just wait another
a two three four years here's a mobile in south mione hello hello yes sir how you doing me great
uh... can i move to the ticket tickets for what i don't have no tickets
thank you for one of the car i said if you called if you're the ninth car or in our contest line say
call me i said do not call me you ain't got no contest line yes we do uh...
one hundred one eight hundred smocking you didn't dial it found your out of luck your so well
these people let me say it again did i say very very clearly one eight hundred uh whatever that
number is yes i did i repeated it over and over again this guy tries to put in here like i
like i'm here we go again i'm hiding the tickets george has got him stuck deep inside
it's got twenty pair i got fourteen pair in my nostril i got him under i got him under my yarmulki
how do you like that i actually have a hundred pair of uh tickets for the marlin saint louis
series under my yarmulki okay somebody slept in me and said keep it out of your head but here's some
pre-bees maniac what they think that you just told everybody to call so that
contest lines ringing no we hit the we'll make it we'll you stop when you stop okay go ahead and
call it i don't give a crap he's not gonna answer the phone i have never seen such unbelievable
shameless pre-loaders in my life i was only giving that as an example let me say it again
the one who denies that he's the messiah he's the messiah okay it's like that money python thing
so if i tell you i'm not giving away the tickets that means i am giving away the tickets
if i tell you i don't have any i've got him okay you want some because i don't have any
oh well like i said i got him seeing we told you it's in it's a it's a lose lose proposition
with these people so am i the messiah or not no fourth floor no buffet tonight
at pumpinant no fourth floor okay at pampino park see i mean no you know what pampino means
an Italian by the way it does here's a candle hello yeah i knew in other words that really sucks
yes sir very hard to say new gun and Creel yeah it's get my mouth my mouth yeah my mouth my
mouth what get my mouth okay all right thank you okay say how to my mouth too by the way we have
an open line in day five six seven oh five sixty bad news for pampino park that rich in the
Derek don't sound like a real winner to me i mean why do they do that how much would it take to just
even if they didn't have the buffet to have a couple of tellers up there on the fourth floor and
let us sit at our boxes but our ice old tv sets and plunger brains out on hazel park et cetera i
just i don't get it i don't understand it my good close personal friend Ted snow i don't get it
i don't understand what you people be thinking about here's a payphone in Miami hello
hey Neil yes sir thank god i gotta hold of him thank god i'm going crazy here man i can't stand
Nick uh uh Neil i can't stand them you know not not next to god Nick i cannot stand Nick that is
uh that guy is up what Nick which Nick Nick just picture him here's a small little body guy with a huge
okay thank you okay we have an open line in day one in brown five six seven oh five sixty five
five sixty on a eighteen t line wait no he wasn't talking about about that Nick was he he's not a small
little guy he's a big one the goofball but he also the rumor has a huge make account
oh what's he talking about
now we're talking some real musical okay that we can all sink our teeth into
hey holy old listen go back and play with your boyfriend and get out of it we're doing a
goddamn radio here call a foreign small marty and dump that load on the sami source to see what he
has to say i'll give you a nick you know there's nothing as important your business as a good
copy machine you need to copy your for the uh that's right don't do that again man don't be
smoking over in fat one the government come and take your ass away because we got to fill up all
of god mmt jailsills if we have any with people or a smoking big fat ones we have an open line
and date one and brown or five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t wireless
line can we make it till two and compete with warrants for marty and sami so sa can we do it no
no chance here's kendall hello yeah it's going to okay sir you listen i was done with the
post office the other day just moved into a new neighborhood right yeah so i go in there and i
asked the guy i said hey you know when is it that you're gonna go ahead start you know sending the
mail to the neighborhood when when do i stop calling it over here to pick it up so he tells me
oh there's two criteria so i go what's what's one of them because well first of all they have to
have fifty percent or more than done before we come deliver the mail that's all right and i
said what's the second criteria so he tells me he goes well what happens is that we have a surveyor
a guy that goes out every month and there can't be any road or any construction in your neighborhood
going on that impede the guy from delivering the mail of course you don't want to get in my journey
and all messed up you don't want to be driving through slopp and all of that so i tell him i
go i don't understand how can you say that you're going to deliver at a fifty percent when there
can't be no construction going on so he goes well it depends some neighborhoods go ahead and they
start building from front to back and i go what now kind of neighborhood is that that builds from
front to back a build whenever whoever buys a lot you know so i say well basically you're telling me
that i'm not going to get the mail until the whole complete neighborhood is done every trucking
god's creation is gone you as well i'm not saying that what i'm saying is that you know i said okay
thanks and i and i left the guy so i said you know on that that was it okay good luck buddy good luck
if the FedEx yeah actually i went down there yesterday and it was like a not a big stack not a
real big one just a little some mail like i said before a couple of bills that i was praying would
come in and they did but nevertheless ninety percent of the mail still out there somewhere somebody
still schlepping it around oh yeah but you got a couple of bills in yeah right never in the history
my life have i've been so anxious to get bills in the mail as i am right now because i'd like to
stay current and not to destroy my credit that i've worked for 200 years to build up thanks to our
god damn postal carries let me say it again you guys blow you suck your services pathetic and
embarrassing and humiliating and all i'd run around we got every postal carrier to guide them and
date and briar county con here yesterday so don't tell me they're not all listening and every one
of them excuse oh it's the supervisor's fault the dog done it your mother had the mail man put
into sleep whatever the hell it was some kind of a cockamama guy damn story they all had an excuse
the best call was the one the guy that we had from a new york there was a mail man for like
about five minutes remember and he went out and he did all the work and then he went back like a 130
and a guy is buddy said what are you doing here so early you better get back out there and don't
ever do this again you make the rest of his look bad that's what it's all about they're out there
doing a moniker's what they're doing on a routine that's what's going on we're getting it and they're
a lot of screwing going on here with the us mail here's a mobile in Miami hello mobile in Miami
hello Neil yes sir oh i like this phone system oh yes i double away first of all that's
i got it all about the uh our two of friendship guys see a full of old bag that uh three of
what does mexican and they stop his growing on door as a nicaragua not not in front of the mingle yeah
and i got a question for you i heard about you then let me ask you this who the hell would see
what kind of cigar he's small exactly buddy even even then you know i mean i know that
for some old crazy bitch came up to me and said what kind of cigar he's small i say in
nanya exactly then i would know but i got a question for you i heard you mentioned john
am a couple of times i don't know what station he's on it's on the radio tomorrow uh it's as
the same guy he used to be on on the old sheet station he'd be john and barber am he used to be on
his wife yeah yeah he's still left him to him all the time he's just one to hurt you
mentioned that's him i can take a path in people for digging his ass up where they
for him i don't know i don't know what dumps do they found him in i haven't heard that name in ages
yeah uh whatever happened to barber beats me yeah all right thanks a lot calls john remember
never great day okay i doubted them we have two open lines in day one and brown at five six seven
oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t wireless line here's your field beat hello
well no yes sir how you doing today okay hey uh how was a male man one at one time
uh try to not play one thing is when you get there at five a.m. you know and you
and you start putting up everything in your bin because you have the male sitting there
and you're about ready to leave and also in the first class male from the new truck comes in
and it just makes you crazy i don't know why do you see how they can handle this so much of this
crack comes keep coming in but anyway i call this i did i know but nielson rating one yeah and i
did uh it came into me and i i wrote uh i'm 10 to 2 Neil Rogers and two to six to Bill Henry
yeah no that's not nielson that's arbor trying oh well i got the radio thing yeah okay i hope
i get another one because i do like to show it it's funny on tv it's good to see you there but i
got a new job in the nielson thing they do with meters and there's only 474 homes in
datenbroward in the entire market that are hooked up to those meters which mean that 474 households
determine the fate of every piece you showed that's on and what you're going to be watching and what
is not going to be watched and when i sit there and read with a straight face that this idiotic
goofball is on their four o'clock in the afternoon getting gigantic numbers how he manned out then i
know that the fix is got to be in somewhere yeah that's ridiculous nobody in their right mind is
watching how he manned out yeah i'm a problem now that uh i work for free to lay here and i got
my truck but i just can't pick up a m it just doesn't come in i tried to not so you know i started
3 a.m. so when i get home round one or two i or were actually 12 to one i could put you back on
get up your ass nivitally there must have been something for you and about her saying that
you know i'm talking about i think you do uh-huh okay date county vanished on us well of course
date county they're big with orange from martin it's kind of like a thing you know liberty city
in the over time they're very big unborn he's got a a cult following there doesn't have a cult
following no that's what Greg Reed was saying he's got a god damn cult following no
wouldn't you rather hear orange from marty than like mad dog manage no way no chance no way Jose
i'll guarantee you one thing right now orange from morning eight no gym big
manage why did everybody just come up to pompe no park tonight and date a horror what are
my sure you but understands he's the one that gave all the misinformation
i mean he gave us a lot of misinformation our buddy up there at pompe no pompe no park and i want
to make sure that we can exactly get a right rent field the fourth floor will be open night you
hear that richie hear that Derek fourth floor will be open and there'll be a food available but the
buffet will not be uh-go on going like so the fourth floor will be there is simul casting only we
have no live racing because the resurfacing the track to get a week off from Bruce Ranger
winning every race nice called brucey have an ice vacation but i mean we got what i want the
person who knows it that gets the cd that that's your grease on here from when you get it
well how do you know it's grease oh my god send it to monica's mother right away
so pompe no park is open for simul casting that the fourth floor will be open he got that
i want to make sure you get it straight because we're trying like crazy to get a carol how to get
some information ahead of time so we know what we're talking about and do we ever know what we're
talking about no because she never uh-no no she don't do it sends me facts after facts with overnight
cheats racers that haven't been invented yet but that she sent me the information that i need
when we had that promotion remember that carol no she don't remember here's Cooper study hello
go little yes sir how you go oh you have a good shot today yes i do uh yeah i know that uh listen i
have to tell you something that happened to me see what a freaking post office okay the freaking
post office yet breaking i have my zip code is 3 3 3 2 2 probably the same as yours in plantation right
what is it 3 3 3 2 2 mm-hmm 2 3 oh well that's close anyway 2 3 3 in any case in all four
11 months i'm receiving mail on my address for someone else i keep them calling the stupid post office
all the time retaining the mail i get them packages from all over the country that i have to sign
or somebody my hand i got a sign for it yeah so one day i'm fed up with all these garbage in
there and i decided to open up one of the letters to find out if i can find the telephone number
of these gentlemen with my address mm-hmm one of them of course i did i called the gentleman
he actually happened to have the same address as i did but in a different city for some reason i
was getting all these mail for almost i was held close way here in a different city in a different city
here in uh but he actually was in pompano yeah finally so what was his zip code completely different
so how the hell did he what i don't know i know i was getting that for 11 months yeah 11 months i called
the post office like oh would everybody here in 3 3 2 2 in any case so if you find any good checks
then he was made i know but yeah in the one that i actually find his telephone number they call him
and i told him about the problem that i was getting his mail yeah about two weeks later i get a call
from inspector from the United States Postal Service that inspector who stole yeah actually inspector
who's all to make it very long story short i ended up spending a couple of hundred bucks
adjuster in getting the lawyer to try to straighten the whole thing that the only thing i was trying to
do is getting fed with the gentleman to tell the peace change is something oh my god okay this is
a stupid post office jesus joseph in the salt uh huh how do you like that one i don't okay well i'll give
you a hundred report tomorrow pal i'm on my way if there isn't a bunch of mail in their day i'm
gonna go ballistic i hope you do i'm gonna go postal okay pal good luck okay how do you like that
now what do you say the inspector clue so said we we we have something like that okay we got two
open lines and dating two and brown or nothing you're gonna get on the air but it's not like night
cushion we always like a nice cushion here five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the
AT&T wireless line here's a mobile in north Miami hello mail yes sir how you doing great listen i'm
getting ready to make my reservations for going to Europe you know anything about this city bird airline
yes i do as matter of fact uh did you take them all right all right uh i got there uh stuff
here in fact they ran some spots on the station at one point i remember and uh there's
supposedly very good the only thing i don't like about them is the fact that if you're going like to
Amsterdam or to wherever you're going they fly a non stop from here to Brussels right right then
you have to take another flight or a train depending on where you're going to uh wherever you know
but on the internet the the the the rates are very very good yeah i got a deal they they uh for coach
to go from here to Amsterdam from Amsterdam to Milano and then go back out of room to
Brussels from Brussels back to Miami not yeah six twenty four round trip per person
and for business class fifteen forty three yeah that's not that no it's not bad and out of
the way that but they use really good planes too they don't use those uh you know really
uh marginal planes yeah are you familiar with the seven sixty three i think they have a
several flown on one it out uh people have told me about them said that they're fantastic that
they're great really and they got like uh pretty decent food and you got like a lot of their wide
body you got a lot of space and a lot of rumours compared to the uh you know puddle jumpers that
these other airlines some of them are flying uh uh uh uh but i guess i'll give it a shot then
yeah i hear nothing but good things about them okay have a great time thank you sir
thank you okay there's a guy that's getting out of here he's going somewhere let's hear it for him
okay congratulations sir god bless you here's a mobile in Miami hello hello Neil yes sir
yeah i just wanted to chime in with a last minute post office story yeah
well last name Stewart and we moved to our place a little while ago this is nine no this is 19
months ago and we're still receiving mail for a gentleman with the last name of Lozada
and your name your name is one Stewart oh well that's pretty close right still as an
answer it every day the same postal carrier i tell him sir nobody by that name lives here i've been
counting now nine straight day yeah and this guy doesn't seem to get a clue about it at all yeah
police he's consistent okay congratulations sir there's another one another horror story a bunch
of dummies working for the postal service we got about 10 percent of people got an IQ bigger than
the thumbnail and the rest of a bunch of morons baby so what do you expect okay the market is done
under 70 points you see this is the new deal if the Dow is under 100 we have a big party okay let's
celebrate let's play that Hootsie Q Cootsie music the Nasdaq's down 23 and the Dow is down 69 and a half
and the Russians are going to hell in a hand basket and they're getting all worked up and having a
revolution and they got all those nuclear weapons that they're getting this nervous with and the
Latin America is going into a crapper and the Asia is deep in a crapper and we should have finished
off the jabs when we had our chance and we didn't do it so what the hell is there to worry about huh
what's there to worry about when you go to the track and the fourth floor is open thanks back
from vacation next from Shula State to Mad Dog Mandage 6 to 7 30 and then maybe maybe maybe
Marco hit one for us tonight
