Sports Radio 560WQAM Miami-Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers Show.
I've talked to Neil called 567-0560 toll-free for date and garage, or pound 560 on your cell phone.
The opinions of Neil, his guests, callers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM
easily read acquisitions or the Beasley Broadcast Group.
Now, Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560QAM.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Start bombing back death.
Do it every day.
OK.
I want to watch it on TV.
I rack, I rack.
We've nothing to lose.
It should take a day.
Let us just put a net to it.
Oh, I rack, I rack.
I want to wake up and see there's cities don't exist.
Both in thin air and tell that's not a scene.
We're really pissed you're on the my skin.
That little piece of shit.
They get away.
I'll get them off to make a hit.
Oh, OK.
I rack, I rack.
I want to wake up and see there's cities don't want to fit.
Oh, OK.
And say that win number one for the heat.
We can't be beat again.
We have one.
Start bombing our lives.
One and start to save you.
Let's make a parking lot of this battle.
I rack.
When all the boys are there, I'll do a show.
With that kick there and say goodbye.
I rack.
I rack.
Total seven minutes.
Bang, bang, the dead.
Ouch.
So, 10.04.5.60 WQM.
Let's hear it.
Ouch.
We're going to bomb them into the stone age.
It's about time.
See if the boot man would have done the right 91.
We wouldn't have to be in there doing this all over again.
But you know something?
We are.
And I say,
All right.
That's what I say.
And of course, there are assholes out there like Robert Gryper.
Now, is he running the board today?
What is the story?
Where do you know he's running around the...
He's running around the jackass.
F.I. told him once I've told him nine times that, you know,
he better get with the program.
I think that before anybody gets elected to public office in this country,
they ought to be subjected to a rabies test.
Well, seriously, because we had some rabid lunatics running around last night,
trapped a lot of course, who was busy, you know, attacking, let's see,
Jews and blacks and the fags and the who else.
Everybody else.
Tucked the maniacs, alcohol, they're all the same.
And he had definitely needed a rabies test, but Gerald Solomon of New York.
Oh, look, what is with it's Jews lately, you know?
Right in the middle of Hanukkah,
we've got this problem, some of our most embarrassing people have been turned loose,
and we can't put a leash on them.
You got Monica Lewinsky and her rabid mother.
You've got the ultra rabid, Alucyan Goldberg.
Who might have even out?
Robert Greeper, there you go.
I've told him nine hundred times.
And now we got Gerald Solomon that rabid alluded to Congressman from New York
who's on their last night, right after we started seeing the bomb is bursting in air,
and we were all going, YEEEW!
Like that.
And he gets on here on CNN, and he is carrying on like a man who is just on acid.
I mean, just out of his mind, out of control.
How could he do this, my baby?
And then of course, within a couple of hours, you know, some of the more reasonable people are saying,
well, you know, we talk to the Secretary of State,
and we talk to the Secretary of Defense William Cohen as a former Republican Senator for Maine,
and we're briefed about being petabled, and I guess what?
We think this is the right time, and it's okay.
And speech will have to go on the back burner for a day or two or three or four,
while we're bombing them into the Stone Age,
since they're over there busy making the anthrax,
another chemical weapons, et cetera.
So here we are boys and girls, and so far this morning,
74% of the American public are saying, yeah, we like it.
We support it. We like it. We're all for it.
Only 13% say, oh, we don't like it.
And the rest of them are saying, where?
Yeah, no, that's what they're saying.
Listen, if you went out, this is the honest to God truth.
By the way, there's the Iraqi foreign minister who said,
no, no, we can condense it down. He said, that's what he said.
But if you went out on the street and you had a map of the world,
if you had a globe, not a no-but-you, but when I was a kid,
I had a globe of the world, okay?
Which was very helpful. Plus, I was a stamp collector as a kid,
which was totally useless as far as making any money with it,
but nevertheless, I learned Maggyar,
or coats, whatever that thing was from Hungary,
and all that good stuff, including countries that don't exist
anymore like Stalon, which is now that little turd,
that tree-link under that India.
You turd.
dumped out.
But at any rate, so I learned like where the different countries
in the world were, and even where all the different states are.
And yeah, I think that most of us who have gotten IQ larger than our thumbnail
can look at a map of the US without any names on the state.
Look, tell you, here's New York, and here's Indiana, and here's Oklahoma.
Yeah, I think most people, I'm not talking about intellectuals.
I'm not talking about rocket scientists.
I'm just talking about rational, ordinary people who've got any modicum of intelligence,
who do not be action-tuned any questions.
They can figure out, figure out where it is.
But if you were to ask them to point out Iraq on the map of the world or on the globe,
they couldn't do it.
They couldn't even begin to know where to stick it.
They would be looking in their...
Recto.
I mean, all over the place.
See, a little bit of education.
I know it's a dangerous thing, but let me tell you one thing.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
That's right.
For whatever that means.
And then, of course, Fred Grimm this morning, right?
So I don't know what to make of these columnists.
You know, about once a year, some of these guys write a good column, like Fred Grimm.
He wrote a great column here a couple of months ago that I was raving about on the year.
I figured what it was about.
Silence, not golden.
And he's writing about how most of us who are rational, you know, we support Baba,
and we're against the impeachment and this and that and play.
And play, she all got a billion calls.
And he thinks it was a set-up deal and he's still going about for impeachment.
And then in the end, he talks about how Hillary has fallen strangely silent right now.
Like, what is she supposed to be saying about this?
Huh?
I mean, the only thing Hillary is probably muttering a lot these days is that's f***ing bit.
Yeah, like that, probably not in as quite as deep a voice as Lee Bailey, but similar sentiment.
He says, most of us, even in Democratic Broward, are right there with Hillary a groundswell of being numb quiet.
In other words, they thought that once the impeachment thing got on the verge of that,
everybody was going to be screaming and carrying on and it was big go, you know.
But I think now that we decided we're going to over there and bomb the Minnesota mission.
And by the way, the air raid sirens went off about a half an hour ago.
Now, yesterday, about a half hour after they first went off,
the bomb was started bursting in air.
Okay, we saw the anti-aircraft fire first, and then we realized that the cruise missiles were dropping all over the place.
And this is going to be a daily event.
So it is now like nine minutes after six in the PM and over and back that.
How come Dan Raddy, by the way, can't figure out eight hours ahead?
Did you see that last night?
It was shortly after five after the attack started.
And he's on there, saying, well, let's see if so.
One o'clock at the morning. Oh, two o'clock.
Isn't it? It's two o'clock at the morning. No, Dan.
It's eight hours.
Five plus eight is like midnight plus one.
That's a follow-up order.
No, it's two in the morning.
How much is he making about $20 million a year?
I love Dan Raddy. Don't get me wrong.
He can't add, but he sure can multiply.
So what's the frequency, Dan?
No, certainly. Isn't that kind of embarrassing?
Don't you think Walter Cronkut is sitting back in his chair with his big, uh, with something in his push?
Her rump thing and saying, what's the matter with you, Dan?
Yeah. Can't you figure out eight hours?
I mean, like eight hours from now is a 10 after six PM.
Isn't it?
Last time I checked.
So it's dark over there right now and it's going to get a lot darker, I think.
Ten minutes after 10 at five, 60 WQM.
New.
Yeah.
No start on time.
A lot more than done.
They say they're weapons.
But master's drugs.
I think we said a couple megatons.
All right.
In the Gulf War, they didn't offer food.
I think it's time to give us butterwood.
So it's time to know those people.
I don't want to fall here.
Oh.
While they're up.
Till they're nothing left to see.
While they're up.
Till 760.
While they're up.
Blow up the cream.
While they're up.
Yeah.
And that's where he's got some cells.
And seven cells in total.
This is my last and the most good.
If we lay in this place, we're going to be wet.
To go, I'm going to go for the dirt.
I'm here.
Bring it to an end.
I'm here.
I'm blowing up the cream.
I'm here.
I'm going to see an end.
I'm here.
I'm here.
I'm here.
I'm here.
That's a 50 to 50 W to QA.
And we don't want to interrupt any ball games with this.
You do understand that.
Here QA.
And we don't interrupt the ball games.
Do we?
OK.
So let's get it over with in about three or four days.
Yeah.
So we're going to go for a 100 grand on the year during the show today.
The confidence is very high.
We have 99,159.
And thanks, by the way, a lot of people came by the game last night.
And the brought me checks.
And even one guy brought me a $50 bill.
Rimmer sent over a check.
How do you like that?
It was all zeros.
Now it had the nice nice going there.
Rimmer and I checked from Rimmer three numbers to figures.
Two of them zeros.
No, nice going, Rimmer.
How about those checks?
They stuck.
They stuck.
But anyway, 99,159.
So we need $841 between now and two.
And Chris is going to be out there in a QA and Van.
He tells me somewhere in North Miami Beach.
And I said, well, depending on which block you're in,
there's like, suppose and suppose and a couple of white people.
And a few old Jews.
So we'll figure out where he's going to be.
And we'll let you know as soon as possible.
And maybe today you might be the one.
I wish we had some tremendous prize to give to the person.
He's going to put us over 100 grand.
Do we have a tremendous prize?
No.
But we give you our perfused thanks.
I wish you happy Hanukkah and happy Merry Christmas.
And happy New Year.
And we give you our best wishes as the old saying goes.
99,159.
Pretty God damn impressive if he acts me.
So I was just asking George and maybe some of you have some thoughts on this,
although I doubt it.
You're still looking for a rack on the map.
Is that what they're doing?
Uh-huh.
They're looking on their little globe of the world.
Where is it already?
Where are those turban heads?
Here they are.
This is a foreign minister by the way, is on it.
We didn't do nothing.
And he says, if the public opinion is going to change real soon,
as soon as we can get Peter Arnet over there.
In front of those buildings with the baby milk factory signs on them.
There you go.
Oh, baby milk factory.
Hand painted in English.
See, I don't see the media got sucked into that.
And it's embarrassing.
It was embarrassing then seven years ago during the bootstays.
When we went in there first time, it didn't finish him off.
The excuse being, well, we only went in there to a free Kuwait.
And we didn't want to mess it up too much.
Right.
While you're there, you know, while you're already there,
you might as well just to be sure finish him off and put him back into the stone age.
And we didn't do it.
And now we're paying the price for that.
And we have to go back in there again.
Only this time we're going to go in again and again and again and again.
But I was asking George and the media evidently doesn't understand this.
It's not complicated.
In other words, if you go over there and you do it because you know this man is a maniac,
he's like Hitler too.
Hitler Jr.
And he's even gassing with poison gases.
Own people.
The Kurds in northern Iraq.
Okay. So he'll kill anybody.
And he's building all these weapons of mass destruction.
He's a lunatic.
The greatest threat to our survival on the face of the globe.
And you know these things.
And then you go in there and you start these inspections.
And guess what?
They're finding things.
Keep in mind, it's not that the inspection team has been going in there and not finding anything.
They've been finding things.
Yeah.
These are the zones.
Yeah, you blow it off.
But blow it off your rectum.
Okay, laundry head.
Get him out of here.
The Iraqi Foreign Minister Muhammad al-Sha'ouf Mahmoud, whatever it's said.
Yeah, Muhammad said this and Muhammad said that and we said blow it off your ass.
But no, seriously, stop and think about this.
Every time the inspectors go there and do their job and they're permitted to do so,
they're finding crap.
And then they're discovering that they're taking some buildings,
they're taking all the furniture out and they're moving stuff around.
And you know, they go into buildings that were like all kinds of stuff in before.
Now they're empty.
Not that we should be suspicious, of course, right?
No, of course not.
But in other words, every time we give them like five minutes that we look the other way,
they're building more, you know, they're trying to build up their nuclear capabilities
and chemical weapons and biological weapons and anthrax and so on and they're doing it.
So that shouldn't that alone be reason to be going in there doing what we're doing now?
Of course.
And of course some of the people around the world like the French who never met a terrorist that they didn't like,
they're well, a part of who we don't like it.
Well, you know something we don't give a crap with you like they're not okay, froggy.
We don't give a crap.
And the Chinese, well I guess don't remember those mushroom clouds,
not too far to the north, back in the 40s.
They're opening up a big push because they don't like the fact that we're interfering in the eternal affairs.
You know, if they want to kill people at the end of the square,
so we should mind their own business and buy a lot of their chief crap.
So they're putting a chink into this whole thing by opening up a big mouth and who are the other ones?
Oh, in Thailand, like we give a crap about them.
Let them let them serve us the pedophiles over their entire land and not worry about importance, but what?
No, three of them.
And the Russians don't forget the Russians.
Oh, the Russians and of course they're looking for us.
Boris still can't get up out of the chair yet today.
They said, hey, we're bombing Iraq.
He said, well, it's Boris.
He don't know what's going on.
So just the fact that you know, just stop and think about it.
The fact that every time these inspectors do their thing and they're bragging about the fact that well we found
so many thousands and thousands of tons of this.
Well, okay.
So what that means is they're already violating the agreements that we made and that they're building weapons of mass destruction.
So blow them off.
That's what we say.
And I say, yes.
And to the doubting Thomas is out there who want to, and let me say this to you.
William Cohen, who's, like I said, former Republican senator, who is beyond reproach the Secretary of Defense.
Even the most ardent Republicans except for the two rabid dogs, Trent Lot and Gerald Solomon.
All the other ones are saying, well, you know something though, he never stole a freight train.
We trust him.
We don't trust Bubba.
We don't trust these other guys.
We sure as hell trust him.
And there's no way under any circumstances unless there's something in some money under the table.
But there's no way that he would have gone along with us to join Chiefs of Staff, etc.
And so on.
If this was just a desperate last minute political move.
And if they would have waited and they got this Ramadan crap coming up this weekend,
then that gives them another whole month because if they would have started the attack during that month,
then all of our other Arab friends.
Do we have any Arab friends?
You know, our buddies are good, close person.
They would have had a nervous breakdown.
Oh, you can't do this.
It's because you deal with religious lunatics.
So we certainly don't want to inject religion in this.
Do we?
No.
God forbid.
But it is interesting now that the poll numbers are skyrocketing up in 74 per only 13%.
Do you realize what a minuscule number that is?
Disapproved of the bombing of Iraq.
For the like World War II pickers.
13%.
Of course, Robert Greeper is one of those.
So now it's like 12.5%.
Pretty soon if we get, you know, if we figure out enough,
the tickets will be down to 9%.
If you take out Gerald Solomon and Trent Laud,
it's already down to a little under 9%.
I think. Right, Robert?
What do you expect from Robert?
He's had a tough life, you know?
He probably saw that the hustler magazine they held up at the hockey game on the thing last night.
He's probably going through a change of life right now.
Well, what's that?
What are those?
And what's that?
Yeah.
What's that?
Here we thing.
Yeah, somebody last night since we do need more entertainment,
although we did have a very entertaining game last night.
Nice going, Sean Burk.
One time, sweetheart played a great game for us.
About time.
Once I told you, once a month, he'll play like that.
And the rest of the time, he's in the toilet.
But that was very entertaining at the Macarine.
We had a good crowd of 18,000 last night.
A little later arriving because I'm sure many of you want to stay home and watch the bombs bursting in air.
Watch Kristiana Amon Puerh.
In fact, we were taking, you know, I'm not really sure.
Do we want to get Sodom first or her?
I'm not really sure.
Well, what would give me greater pleasure?
I mean, obviously we want to give him, which is not, you know,
that's going to be very difficult.
Well, getting her as a piece of cake.
Kind of as a paidback for the crap that she pulled on the Pope was down in Cuba.
And she had her pom-poms in her little cross and her rosary beads was doing her cheerleading routine,
posing as a news catcher during that time.
And my favorite moment of the evening last night was when she just said,
oh, there's just a bullet just hit up here on the roof.
I don't think I'm going any closer.
This is going to be my vantage point.
And not the next as far as I'm going right there.
Okay.
That was beautiful.
So we'll find out if the public is whipped up and we'll friends you about this today.
Okay, I said nice going life.
Now, I do, you know, we had some more technical problems.
I heard the guys talking about it this morning.
Luckily, after the first period, we got those straightened out on the $200 million Macarena,
which we just can't seem to get our ass together.
First period, penalty clock, special ed gets a dumb penalty.
And the penalty clock does it work?
No.
It's sitting there.
And now they're announcing and then it delaying the game.
See, these delays, these ponderous delays.
And then it makes you think, am I ever going to get the hell out of here?
And you wonder why all those people leave like it's getting to be two in the morning.
It's about time we better get home because by the time we get home,
it's going to be time to get up and go to work in the morning.
So it's kind of not conducive to people sticking around to the arena.
Believe me, they don't.
They do not.
We've got a whole, we've got thousands of people to come to these sporting events.
And after the second period, the scores one, one makes no difference.
Time to go home.
Time to go home. They're gone.
And you look up and think, well, they must be out getting another weanier or another beer or something.
No, they're just gone.
They're not coming back.
They're gone.
How come I'm hearing that echo back on my ears?
Is that because we're on this other line today?
Something really weird.
Perhaps.
Well, I don't care.
I'm not going to worry about it.
And one of the things that I found, you know,
that's when we had the disruptions with the penalty clock,
we say, finally got fixed.
And then we had the horn go off.
Thank God they kept playing.
The horn was tuning.
Somebody was tuning during the game last night.
No tuning during the game, by the way.
Do you understand if you got it?
Yes, I do.
Thank you.
No tuning while the game was in progress.
Three times in the same short span of time,
the horn went off briefly.
And then people are going, like, what's going on here?
What kind of a bushly gopher reason is this?
But speak it a bushly.
My favorite moment of that game last night.
In the third period, Stu Barnes, who's in a coma,
you know, he's a streaky guy.
He's never real bad slump right now.
Nice gomarty struck him by the light.
But at any rate, he's skating across the center,
right?
He's got the puck and the crowd starts going, Stu, Stu,
like, like the old days.
I guess what?
He don't play for us anymore.
Okay?
They do that in Pittsburgh.
He's one of them now.
These people, they need instruction.
This little bit of instruction will be okay.
26 after 10 at 560, WQM.
We're up there.
Irracky language lesson number one.
Let us begin.
Seems a bell up looking at Black N' B.
There's a camel sniffing your sister.
You can go and pick her.
Bremen, Pizbiz, Freediteca.
If my camel had a face like yours,
I'd shave its butt and teach it to walk backward.
Ron Donnis, Monday, Guente,
Witchy, Witchy, pardon me, Miss.
But you have a Witchy in your robe.
Now, turn the record over for Irracky language lesson number two.
I think number two, this is open over again.
Okay, I've 1031.
By the way, even little Jimmy Carter.
Remember Jimmy?
Anybody remember him?
No.
From Plains, Joe Jeff?
No.
No, we don't remember him.
But anyway, he's saying that anybody who would even dare suggest
anybody who would have the audacity to suggest that there's
political motivation behind this since we've known it's coming
anyway for a week and months now,
anybody who would suggest that should probably be taken out
and forced with it's very least, or something, including Gerald Solomon
and especially Trent Lott.
Rabbit, let me say it again.
Rabies test for everybody.
Okay, we're not getting like a tremendous immediate response here
from the audience out there.
Maybe Fred Grimm's got a point.
Maybe they just, when you come right down,
but don't give a flying crap.
That could be it.
Open line in Broward all day.
Daydays, by the way, they're bombing Irrack.
Anybody in daydays heard about it yet?
No.
Okay, they're a little slow.
They'll get the message.
Soon as the ACOT 5 is over.
5 6 7 0 5 60, count 5 60 on the mobile one line.
Gonna be an exciting day here on the show.
We're gonna go over 100 grand percent of one right here on the show today.
Guaranteed, you can bet your bet somebody else's life on it.
Here's a mobile in Pompano.
Hello.
Neo, hi there.
Okay.
What's the game last night?
I have great seats.
Yeah.
I was in the third row in section 114.
And we had this sloppy lady next to us.
She said, oh, you can't possibly be in the seats.
And, but anyways, where are you gonna be with borders on Saturday?
We're not gonna be in the third.
What borders?
In the plantation.
Sunrise, what about it?
Sunrise Boulevard out there in West Broward.
Okay.
Right in the last one.
And actually the prestigious Amico station, yes.
Okay, last thing.
Did you read the article in New Times on page 5?
The last, the New Times that just came out?
No.
About.
You definitely need to read it.
About what?
It's a manager of Hollywood Honda who they said is racist and because he does a lot of
jokes that you play on the air, you've got to read it until they're...
Okay, great.
I'll check it out.
Have a great holiday and whatever you said.
What do you say?
Okay, we have an open-minded Broward, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 50.
By the way, we did have some people in front of us last night that I've never seen before
and I was getting drunker and drunker and drunker and when they got ready to leave long before
the game was over, got up and stood in front of me and then turned around and said, excuse
me, I'm sorry.
And then he continued standing in front of me while they tried to collect his wife, etc.
And then, you know, the game was going on.
Don't, that's okay, you know.
Don't worry about it.
We didn't come here to watch your game.
We just came here to see your back and see what they didn't really stand up or not.
And by the way, have a nice drive home.
Just, I mean, tanked out of his mind this guy.
Just bomb plastered.
All right.
Let's go to a mobile in Naples.
Hello.
What's going on, Neil?
Yes, sir.
This CNN is incredible, isn't it?
They had a meeting with you.
They were doing weather reports this morning.
Yeah.
They were describing the weather in Baghdad.
It's pretty much like saying, oh, perfect weather for bombing.
Exactly.
That's right.
We want to know.
We want to know clear sailing and everybody's going to go.
All right.
We want to make sure that we want to see the bombs bursting in air.
We want to get good footage, you know.
Yeah.
Congratulations, well, you worked with the center one.
Thank you.
We're doing just a phenomenal man.
This thing took off like a rocket ship.
Can I call somebody a douchebag?
Yeah.
Wewee's a ballad.
You're a douchebag.
Yeah, nice name, too, by the way.
Okay.
Okay.
You're a douchebag, Wewee.
Which brings to mind, of course.
Well, hey, some people think he's a good guy.
I like the Wewee.
See, there you go.
We have an open line a day to an brower.
5.6705.60 and pump 5.60 on the mobile one line.
Well, these people are sure fired up about this today, aren't they?
Huh?
They don't give a crap.
They're not all worked up into a frenzy.
They're just sitting back and then they're rocking chair, rocking back and forth, waiting
for the next shoot and drop.
The next bomb to drop.
There's Tony Blair or good friend.
They're all consistently sought to frustrate a ten.
Okay.
Go and say, uh, pay your regards to Diana.
Okay.
There's our good friends, the bridge.
And I don't want to get too carried away about that.
Our good friends, they're our good friends because they got no other choice.
That's right.
Because we keep bailing their ass out.
So, uh, you know, every now and then they pretend that they're our good friends.
And okay, whatever you say, we go along with it because that's the only reason we're
here and we're alive.
Right.
And by the way, how about paying back your word, then?
No.
Okay.
Well, we just thought we'd ask Tony Blair.
He's a good guy.
He's not one of those contemplated brits.
One of those right wing fanatics like Margaret Thatcher or that boring terminal John Major
looked like a mannequin in the suit.
Here's the guy.
It's got like a little pizzazz.
He especially for the British.
They don't know what the hell to make out of this guy.
Where we going?
Let's go to a North Miami Beach.
Hello.
How you doing, sir?
Yes, sir.
I'm pissed off about it.
I'm about what?
About what's going on over there.
You know, and the reason why is because I would have liked to have seen this be a more
definitive end to a means, you know, throwing Tomahawk missiles blindly over there.
And don't think that I'm being critical of the decision to do it.
I think you should have been done a long time.
Why do you say blindly?
In other words, they don't have any targets.
They don't have any game plan.
Is that what you're saying?
This thing has been in the works for months.
In fact, they were on last night detailing all of it.
No, no, no, no, no.
What I'm saying when I say blindly, I mean, the Tomahawk missile is going to hit its
target most of the time.
OK.
But a ground, you know, a ground for us and airstrike is going to be more on target every
time.
Agreed?
So you said, what do you think we ought to have a ground troop over there?
That what you're saying?
I'm saying that the first time they were there, they should have finished the damn job.
Well, of course, but that's so we can't turn the clock back seven years.
Bruce didn't do it, you know?
Yeah, but doing this is not going to resolve anything.
He's still going to be able to hide everything that he needs to hide.
How do you know that?
If you hear, if we knew about it all this time, don't you think he knew about it?
And he's been moving troops around and he's been moving, I'm not sure if it is his
weapons around.
Yeah.
Well, you know, I mean, you move your checker boards around, you know.
So maybe the best way to describe it is as a containment exercise and as to, you
know, set him back every time we were going to have to do this, set him back a few years
until people over there until he loses any popular support and they start to throw his
ass out of there.
Absolutely.
Until they have a revolution because they can't sustain any more of this.
That's right.
That's the way I feel about it.
Yeah.
That's what I'm saying.
Every year, you know, we'll have a calendar, we'll mark it on the calendar.
He's going to know about it, but nevertheless we'll accomplish what we need to do for three,
four, five days, whatever it takes and send him back a few years.
Well, send him back into the story.
Right.
Okay.
Well, we're on agreement then.
You know, you're watching this thing, you're watching ABC and Tom Broke out describing
the possible targets.
Right.
And you know that they're watching the same news broadcast.
Yeah.
Well, like they don't already have that information, like they don't know where we want
to hit.
Right.
You know, that exactly what I mean.
And so it's really an exercise of fertility unless they do it right.
Yeah.
That's all.
Well, maybe they will.
I want to see it done right.
Okay.
Well, like I said, maybe nuclear weapons over the weekend has been happy Ramadan.
Yeah.
Okay.
Okay.
And back to you.
Thank you.
Okay.
Two open lines in Dave County.
He's writing the course of the thing.
I don't understand.
I mean, if they did, they would have watched Godfather three, huh?
He got him with his glasses.
Okay.
Right in the neck.
I mean, here, I'll come.
They have all these flicks with satan, they do interviews.
I think we got a sacrifice Barbara Walters.
Sounds good to me.
Why not?
I'd take a poll on that immediately.
Should we sacrifice Barbara Walters and center ass over there other than guys are doing
an interview?
There you go.
Bob, come on.
Stick those glasses in his neck.
Nice going, sweetheart.
Completely a statue in memory.
21 before 11 and 560 WQ.
Neil Rogers is my lover.
Well, congratulations.
Get a life.
Hello, America.
Is your old buddy to town?
You miss me?
You always miss me.
I'ts I like that.
You you you.
Oh, by blowing the away.
Oh, man, that he missed him,
I'll do it.
But this dog still haven't his day.
And I am lifting my leg on your carpet.
Your smart mom will never end this war.
And nonetheless, they can go door to door.
Him and me, my head, because you got nothing in your style.
Ah.
Hey, look, the box is still a dead.
I'm still breathing 98 points.
How's that?
Let me get this.
Oh, no.
I think that's why the winter is going on.
I love you guys.
Trust me, trust me, thanks.
I love you guys.
What?
10.45 at 5.60 WQM.
We got Tony Blair on the right side of the screen.
We got a dark bag dead at 6.45 PM there.
Time on the left side.
I'm seeing it.
Just to keep you abreast those who can't be near your TV
to see the bombs bursting in air when they start again.
Which they haven't quite yet, I don't believe.
But what about that?
Yeah, get him off of there.
Okay, tell him Diana.
We know she did.
Anyway, here's the facts from Ray and Houston
who bought our best of stuff, and even a Neal T-shirt for Center One.
Over the internet.
Nice going, Ray and Houston.
We got your facts.
And have a happy holiday at Citadel and Cora.
Okay, here's another chronic.
See the scrolling hand right?
I don't even read it.
I don't even read it.
Okay.
Don't even waste my time reading the crowded faxers
because why would I?
Am I that stupid?
No.
Maybe dumb and slow, but am I that dumb and slow?
No.
Is anybody that dumb and slow?
No.
Down it.
Okay, let's take a call or two.
I want to get to this article.
Somebody fast me that we had a couple of calls about already.
Which I...
No, I'm not going to say I can't believe it.
It's so typical for this town.
Tomas Garcia, who stays, been yanked off the air by Radio Faye,
W-W-W-F-E, La Poda Rosa, whatever that means.
What does that... La Panda Rosa?
La Vechador and Green is pissed off.
How does that felt for La Rosa?
Luda.
La Poda Rosa, the P-O-P-E-R-O-O-C one.
Oh, the powerful one?
Yeah, but they're 10 watts.
Yeah, they're pretty powerful.
But anyway, we'll talk about that because he expressed the opinion they don't like.
He didn't say Madacone, Madacone, and they said, you're out.
Here's a mobile in Lake Worth.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing?
Great.
I have a phone call.
I'm a little bit nervous.
I'm a little nervous.
I'm a little nervous.
I'm a little nervous.
I'm a little nervous.
I'm a little nervous.
I'm a little nervous.
I'm a little nervous.
I'm a little nervous.
I'm a little nervous.
I'm a little nervous.
I'm a little nervous.
Okay, God bless you, sir.
He said it in the nutshell.
Open line, and date one and brown.
560, 7.05, 60, and 0.5, 60 on our mobile one line.
That's where it will be at borders in plantation.
This Saturday, noon to two, that's on Sunrise Boulevard.
I keep saying plantation because on that side of the street, depending on where you are,
it can be called.
Sunrise, it can be called.
A lot of things is what it can be called.
But it's right in my hood.
Right out there between Best Buy and the Famous Anacostation.
Why is that a Famous Anacostation?
I don't know why it is because it just is.
And it will be there at borders noon to two, where it's in money.
We'll have the best of stuff.
We'll have t-shirts, and it will be tremendous as well.
It will be our last appearance this year for Santa One.
By the way, I just mentioned that in passing, which I know bricks a lot of people's hearts.
So what are we going to find out from Chris, where he's going to be with the QN van?
I am.
163rd street over towards the scene somewhere.
He's going to try to find a good spot.
153rd toward this game in North Miami.
No, that's not North Miami.
Beach.
How can it be?
Let's know the memory beach.
If it's...
Well, wait a minute.
See, I get confused about that.
Now, 151st was North Miami.
If you're like west of the intercoastle.
Well, what difference does it make with you?
Call it North Miami.
North Miami Beach.
Spote town.
Spote town.
Well, what difference does it make?
What are we going to do with this game?
And he's going to try to find a nice spot.
Then he'll find a good spot over there.
And we'll let you know where you'll find the spot.
Okay, and then 841 bucks.
We should do that by noon once we find out where he's going to be.
And you can help put us over the 100 grand.
And what more can you want?
We're bombing a crap out of a rat.
We're going to raise over 100 grand for Centawon.
What the hell, more could anybody want?
Life is certainly smelling the pretty good.
Smell it.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
I just want to say that I hate quit Mike Poison.
But he's 100% right on this.
Okay.
Okay, thank you much.
Thank you.
How do you like that?
He hates bubble-like poison.
Like the way he said that, like poison.
Which he stole from me.
But nevertheless, that's good.
Because we want to, you know, understand how you feel.
But he's with him on his, okay?
As opposed to that Gerald Solomon.
I'm telling you this man, you could see the foam in his mouth.
It was a frothing.
Out of control.
And then they brought on some democratic congressman who I never even heard of before.
And he just ripped him and asked, it was great.
He said, Gerald Solomon is known for our wages comments.
And for being a jackass, basically, is what he said.
He said, he's an asshole.
What he said.
And this particular case, he said, it's so irresponsible and unbelievable.
In fact, even Bernie Shaw was hyperventilating on CNN.
He said, you mean to say Congressman Solomon that you're standing there
and you're willing to call the president, you're risking the lives of our military, et cetera.
And question it as he said, yes.
And I thought Bernie Shaw was going to take off the headphones.
And just going to run right down there himself and beat the crap out of this guy.
Because Bernie Shaw don't take any crap from anybody.
He is one mean mother.
It's not something that's in his vocabulary, unless he's dishing it out.
Well, I sure, I really, I really, uh,
Jones for the days when he used to have the back calls on the big dish for CNN.
And you could see the stuff behind the scenes, you know, when they were feeding stuff.
Because Bernie Shaw, man, he is a mean, mean spirited nasty mother.
He is.
I remember one time they were doing a newscast and they get, they were getting ready to set up the,
the Larry King show, I guess, at that time, was in the same studio.
And they were getting ready to bring the guest in.
And Bernie Shaw says, well, tell him somebody's doing a goddamn newscast in here right now.
Okay, they can wait out there until we're done with this effing.
Uh, it was beautiful.
Nice going, Bernie.
Oh, our kind of militant, uh, Spook.
Here's, uh, Weston. Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Great.
Listen, I don't like putting much either, but he's, uh, I think going in the right direction.
And you better watch out for the French and the Chinese because those, you know,
the French should really be kissing our asses for what we did for him.
Right.
Actually, you're letting us champagne by the, uh, yellow.
They should be kissing our butts, but, you know, since they do business with Saddam.
Right.
That's right.
And the Chinese too.
And it's the same thing.
And it's all money.
It's all about money with the French.
Well, I think there are two words that might, uh, change their attitude about this.
Two words.
Your next.
I think those two words might change their attitude.
You know, and the French, they're always, you know, these people, what, what if he took over Europe?
What if he starts sending scuds over there?
Exactly.
They'd be crying out for us just like they did in the 40s.
Right.
Always whining for us to come and bail out their, uh, their pansy ass, right?
All right.
And that's one of the call a couple of friends.
Do you think?
Yes, sir.
Carlos, whose line you're a major douchebag?
Who's that, too?
Okay.
Okay.
We have an open line in Broward, five six seven, oh five 60 in pound five 60 on the mobile one line.
By the way, one of our listeners up there.
What's her name?
Valerie.
Thank you, Valerie.
Send me a list.
I don't want to do it.
Do we want to go back on that names thing again?
Uh-huh.
I will do that later on.
I just want to read some of these later.
Did you look at this list?
Oh, boy.
Some real names of customers for a company that she works for and wait till you're here and some of these names, man.
You are going to freak out.
When in doubt, you're going to be freaking out.
You're going to be dropping your own bomb is all over the place.
Here's, uh, Miami.
Hello.
Morning, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Um, just wanted to say I'm very glad that we decided to wish the, uh, the A-Rab, uh, Happy Ramadan American style.
Right.
And all I could say really is, I really hope that this time we do the job right, no pussy foot like last time.
Right.
Because I mean, you know, why is this guy still even there?
I mean, what was the operation that this was formal about?
What was the deal?
Well, supposedly they say we went in there because he invaded Kuwait and we had to liberate Kuwait.
And we got them out of Kuwait and then we walked away and we let them start building up all over again.
I mean, I still don't understand.
You can't even, you can't even call it the Middle East conflict.
I was nothing.
That was a vacation in the desert, you know, right?
And what's all these callers calling it?
Why, I mean, why does everybody hate bubble so much?
I don't understand that.
What is bubble done to anybody?
Oh, no, but I'm getting a few blows though.
I think that is good though.
I don't know, no matter who the president is, they're going to be the best guy that president in the history.
Uh, they're going to be a lot of people alike.
And there'll be a lot of people who hate him.
That's just politics or for whatever it is.
Maybe they don't like his nose.
Maybe they don't like his complexion.
They don't like each from Arkansas.
Maybe their jealousy's getting so much action.
Who knows what it is, but the fact that they do hate him and they still approve of this thing
and they're not in bed with Treadlot, I think, is speaks well.
They don't like the fact that he's got it all at Pecorino from not being circumcised.
Exactly.
They have a Pecorino complex.
Do you get a load of those frogs apologizing to Iraq for the American vision?
Yeah.
You get a load of that?
I mean, what's with you?
These are the same people that seek hailed Hitler and the uh...
Right.
In the world, or it's the only...
And Erwin Terrorist in the world and the history of mankind finds a safe haven in France.
They go to the French Riviera.
They wind them.
They dine them.
They do business with them.
They're pigs.
That's exactly right.
They suck their ass.
They are pigs.
And don't ever forget it.
And partly, we will have a nice holiday.
I told you, the French are just disgusting.
In fact, basically, the way to deal with the French is you just pretend they don't exist.
That's the best way to deal with the French.
Whether it's French Canadians, whether it's the French in France, you just...
And believe me, you don't want to go to Paris.
Okay?
Even if you like Paris, which I hated it likes poison to go out and feel like I was lying.
I hated it.
I still wouldn't go there again because I don't want to give them my money.
That's basically the bottom line.
Even if it was paradise in Paris, which it is not, even if it was really a great place,
and the people were wonderful, which they are not, even if they weren't pigs and smaller garbage on the streets,
which they do, I still wouldn't go there again because I wouldn't give them one dime of my money.
They're attitude.
Their whole ambiance is so nauseating and so revolting.
And if you think it's just a gist of cliche or something something made up about how they hate the Americans,
they hate everybody.
They hate all the tourists.
They won't list a finger.
It's the only country in Europe I've ever been in, where they don't give a crap from tourists.
They won't even acknowledge that you exist.
So, you know what I say?
F***ing is what I say.
That's what I say.
That's what I say.
Try to say it again.
Anyway, TV host, radio, yank show, over Jay Ordman, Spanish language radio, and TV host,
Pomas Garcia Fustace, at his program, when Aziz Mayami was yanked off WWF, La Pura Rosa,
because he supports the newly passed ordinance that forbids discrimination against Jay's and Lesbian.
Oh my God, Maracón, Maracón, come on Easter, come on Easter, go ahead and come on.
The program appears from 7 o' 11 a.m. Monday through Friday on a cable channel, Tella Mayami,
until Friday, the audio portion was sign by WWF-E670 AM.
At a news conference Monday, Garcia Fustace, at his program, became a victim of intolerance
and that there is little hope that he can come to a settlement with WWF-E.
They canceled the program on Friday, and did you read this?
President of Phoenix Broadcasting, which owns WWF-E, had a heated argument with some Tella Mayami employees who barred him from the TV studio,
waited until he heard the name of the President of Phoenix Broadcasting.
Some jeweled that?
No.
Some spiff.
Okay.
How many guesses do you need?
Look on your driver's license, and not another Rodriguez.
WWF-E canceled the program on Friday after George Rodriguez, president of Phoenix Broadcasting,
which owns WWF-E, had a heated argument with some Tella Mayami employees.
I know it, I told you he was a miserable, hard-ass spec.
Man, oh man, a chevets.
Owns a goddamn TV station, and here we're taking care of his car over here,
and he's always crying, and he's making enough money.
Owns a goddamn TV and radio.
Boy, oh boy, talk about it.
I mean, how many George Rodriguez' could there possibly be?
Like an Alex Gonzalez and Alex Fernandez, and this one Rodriguez and Alex Fernandez,
and I can't keep him straight.
Is there any Julio who's not named Rodriguez or Fernandez?
No.
Okay.
At least they know a name, okay, and they stick with it.
They keep it simple.
Jose, Luis, that's it, that's enough.
Okay.
Julio, okay, fine, don't overdo it.
Four minutes before 11 at 560 WQM.
The Neil Roger Show, now on 560 WQAM, Miami Fort Lauderdale.
Learn the bloody bitches.
They're lurking and convenient stores everywhere.
Ah, microwave, for read-up please.
Luis, you're not ready to go dumb.
You'll explode, but eat them and microwave and make yucky.
You clean it up.
They're lurking behind the counter.
One last flush and place it.
What is slushy missing grip?
And make a jockey, you clean it up.
And you can't escape it.
The fear of urban head, terrorist convenience store clerks.
It's Iraq, no phobia.
Yeah, pack a camel, please.
In my country, dammit, several inherds.
Nothing packed.
You stupid American inferiorist.
Night, Iraq, no phobia.
I'm going to have to get in your door and hear you.
It's the bomb.
What did I say to the plastic?
We got into QAM.
Oh, there's bubble, by the way.
That's earlier.
We don't want to hear what he said earlier.
He's sitting there looking like, huh?
What's going on?
Anyway, somebody faxed me this thing about Dave Colpey
and who came out of the closet 100 years ago.
Former NFL player.
And I thought today was supposed to be that show
the world of the gay athlete, the last plaza on ESPN.
And I'm looking at my newspaper just in moment of go.
And I'm going to see what time that's on.
I don't see anything about that at any time on any channel.
Anywhere, I know how in a way.
So I don't know.
Anyway, George Rodriguez has got one version of the story
that happened over there in radio phase.
And then Tomas Garcia-Fufe, he's got another version.
And Rodriguez said that when he tried to go in there
for a roundtable discussion about that hateathon
that they had at the Orange Bulls two Saturdays ago,
that they wouldn't let him go in there.
And they got in there with scuffle.
And they were going, Mattacan, Mattacan, Mattacan,
come on, he's back at each other.
You know, as the Q&A tend to do, they're going to get a little emotional.
And he said the cancellation of Blaine was the smartest mind.
He's got nothing to do with the gay ordinance.
And they had a big contract on him.
But I'm being part of it.
And he said Tomas Garcia-Fufe, they said they called him
a Mattacan, and he is not a Mattacan, and there it is.
So more old crazy Cubans again who just can't get their act together
because they're obsessed with, oh,
and speaking of Mattacan, by the way, here's a great little laugh.
Thank you very much, by the way, for this cute little thing
that somebody sent me on the facts.
Two hillbillies riding down the road
in a pickup truck down a country road.
All of a sudden they happen upon a sheep with his head caught in a wooden fence.
The hillbillies pull over the road, one guy runs over,
pulls his pants down and starts doing the sheep.
And he's having his funny yells to his buddy,
hey, you want some of this?
So his friend runs up, pulls the sheep out of the fence,
sticks his head in the fence and yells out,
hell yeah!
Okay, where do we go?
Must have been in Loots, huh?
Must have been in Aintree.
Here's a p-line, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I met you down at Borders on Kendall when you were there
and I got some of your tapes and you enjoyed them very much.
Great.
I have three little things.
First off, let me say, go, George Go,
about the London cover on the radio.
Mm-hmm.
Nice game, huh?
The hillbillies' ratings can go right off the Richter scale
and he just send that elite team in there and do the job this time.
That's all I have to say about that.
Okay.
And I tried to reach you about those names.
In my business, I've got a couple of names.
Before he was born, I guess he inherited the name,
Reverend Crooks, Deacon Hooker.
Reverend Hooker, isn't that like an oxymoron?
Yeah.
No, it's a redundant hamster.
Okay, and we have a poor little girl named Mary Christmas.
Oh, no.
Dorothy Walker, a guy.
Dorothy.
Dorothy?
How you doing, Doc?
Yep, yep.
Anyway, make my Christmas.
I need two requests.
Yeah.
A big black guy named Ben,
and he's going my car at that shop and a prison bitch.
Prison bitch?
Boy, I sure have held off on that for a long time.
Haven't I?
Yes, you have.
Okay, you've gotten it.
Thank you.
And have a marry.
Merry Christmas.
Okay, how do you like that?
How you doing, Mary?
Now, is her name Mary Christmas or Mary X?
I wonder.
We have an open line in date, five, six, seven.
I mean, you know, it's a free country if you want to name your kids a bunch of road test names
because you're an asshole.
This keep in mind they'll have to put up with the rest of their lives.
They're going to hate you like, like poison.
There's that line again, okay?
It is the holidays we're supposed to like,
like each other a little bit better this time of year,
or we're finding out there are some people who hate the
f***ing awful in the blank like poison.
Whatever it is, whether it's Bubba,
whether it's their parents,
because they gave him a real crappy name,
or just anybody out there on the street who's driving crappy,
they hate f***ing like poison.
And they're proud of it too.
Here's the Margate.
Hello.
And you know, how you doing?
Pretty good.
I met you last time you and my son at the game.
Right.
We're not the bravi-bra-boop.
Right.
He was great.
I don't know.
I got a chance that he's got his own show pretty soon.
He gets me in trouble.
There's any time when a public can,
somebody says about something about Neil,
he gets a line with the rectum,
and my wife's a lower man.
Anyway, I got a chance to-
I got a chance to-
Tell me the watch is unbelievable.
No, tell me the watch is-
Correcto.
Yes, go ahead.
To meet Mike Lang.
And he was such a super nice guy.
I guess he is.
He's a great guy and one of the all-time best broadcasters
in the two-bodies team for him to start to join our last night.
He needs to be a good teammate.
I'll take it.
But he even went to the locker room and got the auger to find the puck
for my son.
How do you like that?
He was fantastic.
Well, that's Mike.
He's a great guy.
He said you were a super nice guy.
You just didn't have the chance to get with you.
No, no, I know he wouldn't have come out.
Because now the broadcasters are way to hell up there.
It takes for everybody to get up.
So I wasn't expecting the schlep all the way down like he used in the older arena.
But he's a great guy.
It was my son's first hockey game,
so he really got out.
Hey, picked a good night, man.
We actually showed up last night.
Burke played great, and they looked really good.
And of course, Ray Whitney gets the winning goal.
He's gone, Ray Sweetheart.
Absolutely.
Thanks, man.
Okay, have a great day.
Yeah, a good time was hand by all last night.
And despite the technical problems,
at least we got him straightened out by the time the second period started.
And we put that behind us and life went on, you know?
Because once you start complaining a little bit too much,
then they start calling a hard ass.
So if the seats are too narrow and whatever else,
just get with it.
And then we'll lose some weight.
Open line of day, one in Broward, five, six, seven, oh,
not this up a little bit.
You expect to center prize things like F-14s and F-18s?
I really can't tell because it's nighttime over there,
but it looks awful smokey.
You know what I said?
We will continue to conduct missions in support of Operation Desert Box.
And now we'll consist of F-14s, F-18s, E-A-6s.
Looks very smokey to me.
And F-17-P-M, bagged that.
You say the mission will continue.
That's our understanding for White House.
And the Pentagon as well.
Do you have any indication how much longer this operation will last?
A couple of months.
I do not.
We are prepared to carry out any tasking that's assigned to the enterprise pilot group.
And we're prepared to do that for whatever length of time is required of it.
Yeah.
Okay, Camus.
Now I don't see there like a couple of cars on the road there.
I don't see anything really happening yet.
But we'll keep it our eye on it, baby.
We got our eye peeled.
And as soon as the bomb starts bursting in air, believe me, you'll hear it.
There you go.
We won't have no ball game.
So, yeah, I'm really curious.
I'm wondering what happened on this station at 5 o'clock yesterday?
Somebody came to me at the game last night.
I told me at 6 o'clock, a bug or somebody.
I said, okay, let's go in and a Clinton was speaking.
I said, okay, let's go in.
The president is speaking now.
The resignation about the attack on Iraq.
And we had some sports thing that got on by mistake for a minute or so.
Hey, listen, we don't like preempting the score.
It's on the odds on this station.
Okay, it takes a hell of a lot for us.
If they were dropping nuclear weapons up in Miramar, we'd still be telling you,
hey, don't forget that big game Monday night, baby.
That's the most important crap.
So, I'm kind of curious what was going on here yesterday about 5 o'clock when we were dropping the bombs.
And everybody in the world was sitting there with their eyes glued, just a transfiction from their TV set.
And I noticed we had a good crowd last night.
We're 18,000 people.
But, boy, did they show up late last night?
And the reason probably being that most people, including me, stayed home like a little extra later than usual.
Because we wanted to soak it in.
We were sitting there in front of the TV set going.
Yeah, like that.
That's right.
In fact, most of the people last night were going,
underway out of the arena, including that kind of front of us.
And we just packed it out of this push.
Two open lines in date, 5 6 7 0 5 60, 0 5 60,
on the AT&T wireless line.
We got Hank coming along at two.
We got the Booster at six.
We got Eddie Kay with the GAs show at 10 o'clock tonight.
You want to put a good Stogie in your push during these holidays.
You know, during a holiday time, you know, not only gets nice gifts to other people,
but treat yourself a little bit.
That's right.
Give yourself a treat from our friends and nicks.
Go down there and pick up some of the best of guards you've ever had in your life.
Or as a holiday gift, boy, I can't think of too many things that most people would enjoy better.
Most guys that like a good Stogie, a big box from Nick Sussergares.
They make the best of guards in the universe.
They're the largest manufacturer of premium hand-rolled cigars in the entire country.
A third generation of premium cigar craftsmen.
So they've been doing this for about 20, 30 million years.
They really know how to make a pleasurable great cigar.
And they'll give you a little guided tour of the place if you want when you go in there
and show you all the work and care that goes into making each and every Stogie that you pop in your push.
Whether you like a mild cigar, whether you like something really strong and robust, likely luck to this yarn, or anything in between.
Whichever kind of cigar you love, they'll hook you up right.
Nick Sussergares at 71 11 West Flagler Street, one mile east off of your Palmetto.
Just take the Flagler Street exit east and you'll be right there at the door.
Call them at 305-266-9907.
So this year for the holidays, put some serious pleasure in your push or somebody else's from Nick Sussergares.
When multiple losers do have to make things stick, she goes down and gets an exit.
A planet where eight keep all from men.
Car theft is on the rocks.
America, a car was stolen every 12 seconds.
What can you do to protect your car?
An expensive car alarm system won't protect your car from being stolen.
The club won't protect the valuables inside your car.
But a big black guy named Ben can.
Get away from the car, motherfucker.
Or less than you'd pay for an expensive car alarm system, and even less than you'd pay for the club,
you can get a big black guy named Ben to protect your automobile.
Get away from the car, motherfucker.
It's simple to use.
Just leave the big black guy named Ben in your car whenever you get out, and he does the rest.
Whenever anyone gets within six feet of your car, Ben simply gets out of the car and tells them...
Get away from the car, motherfucker.
Listen to these testimonials from people who use a big black guy named Ben.
It's always nice to have someone to ride with, although he really doesn't say much.
Get away from the car, motherfucker.
That's about it.
I didn't get a big black guy named Ben to chat with.
He got into protect my car.
It's the best investment I've ever made.
My name is it, isn't I, great.
There have been a lot of cars, Ben.
I can't tell you how many times I've tried to get away from the car.
I'm a car, motherfucker.
Knowing that I've got a big black guy named Ben, protecting my car, let's me sleep better at night.
Call now, 1-800-1-Big-Guy.
That's 1-800-1-B-I-G-G-U-I.
And instead of hearing this...
You'll hear this.
Get away from the car, motherfucker.
11-14 at 5-60-WDQM.
One other little note on last night's event at the Macarena, and that is...
I don't want to say that the director of operations or rubbers in charge of the technical machinations of their autogatism as fired,
but they're showing my good friend Randy Moore doing his pre-game, a preview of the game.
And all of a sudden, I noticed that it seems very familiar, like from a week ago, the autogatism,
and he's talking about the keys to the game.
We have to stop Alexia's reaction and the autogatism.
The only problem is, autogatism was last week.
Okay, we're playing Pittsburgh last night, and all of a sudden, like in the middle of it, somebody realized that it's just kind of faded away and disappeared.
And I'm thinking, geez, now the great start there, boys.
Can they get anything right over there?
No.
They fixed the escalators since last week?
No.
Okay, well, we need the exercise, walk it up and down, we can handle it.
But I mean, if you're going to build an escalator, isn't that the old saying, build an escalator, and they will come?
Does it work?
No.
But at any rate, see your nithpicking again, you're a bastard. I know it.
Bob Hope gets lumps in New York or articles.
Awww!
The man who never told a funny line in his life, another man who is like, oh, and by the way, don't tell Greg Cotex, but he's going to die someday.
Just like Joe Domencio, Bob Hope will die. He's only 95.
That's all enough, Bob.
Living legend Bob Hope 95 last May gets his lumps from a host of associates, and in New Yorker piece, the December 21 issue,
ex-manager Elliott Kozak calls him the most self-centered person he's ever known.
Publicist of 41 years, Frank Lieberman says, he never walked past the mirror without looking at himself or smoothing his hair.
And Melville Shavelsen, who directed him in several movies, says, hope demanded a key to the director's apartment for a crisp,
and paid his writers by gathering them at the bottom of the spheres and sailing their checks twisted into paper airplanes at them.
Dr. Linda Hope says, I don't feel that I really know him. That's a kind of sadness for me because I would have liked to know him better.
Kozak says, hope's wife of 64 years, the Loris, long for romance from this man, and he was called as Ice Tour.
The Loris, addressing her husband's womanizing, says, it never bothered me. I thought I was better looking than anybody else. Whatever that means.
So there you go, Bob Hope, what they're saying about him, he's an asshole. A lot of them walking around, baby, a lot of assholes out there on the streets of America, on the streets of this globe.
Not too many walking around on the streets of Baghdad right now.
Oh, right! That's good news for us and bad news for them because if you don't make that deal with Sonny, where are we going?
Here, here's South Miami. Hello. New. Yes, sir.
Great. Great, gentlemen. Yes, it is. I need to say about a slick Willie. You think that the only reason why we found Baghdad was a slick Willie does want to get in peace?
No, I do not think that. You know, thanks. No, I do not.
Okay, sure. And William Cohen. Do you know who William Cohen is? No. Do you think he's Jewish? No.
Okay, thank you. Okay, we have two open lines in day 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 50 and pound five. Did he say? No. Good. Good job, pal. That's a holy old version of...
No. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and pound five, 60 out of 18 T wireless long. Great news for you, by the way. When is Chris going to tell us where he is with that van, by the way?
Or he's getting laid right now on. He's what? Looking for a spot. He's looking for a spot like a dog. Yeah. There you go.
And North Miami Beach, by the way, is not a bad place to take him. I don't know if he got an emergency. Just pull off the road. Oh, this looks like a good spot. Yeah.
He's probably looking for a white person who speaks English in North Miami Beach. I don't think he'll find such a person. A white person who speaks English who does not have a mizza on the door. Is there such a person in North Miami Beach? No. Okay. Just asking.
And what was I starting to say about the good news? Oh, yeah. The great news is you may not believe this. All you people at the other building over there who've been waiting what?
Hank says three and a half years with a promises here. Power 96 is upstairs in their new studios. Can you believe that? Can you believe it? No. They're up there, which means that the second on the agenda is the Q.A.M.
The rest of the people that are over there and at the toilet that right and festive crap over on Sheridan Street. That's the next deal that they're working on feverishly. And then once that's done, we get to move upstairs and see all our good friends up on the third floor.
Like the water Nazi all our good friends. Wow. So we're making progress boys and girls like they told me what I came here. They move very slowly. But if you can do it, it's like an endurance contest. If you can just wait them out sooner or later, they might do something. That's right.
Here's a mobile in Miami Lakes. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, that's a world of the ghastly thing. That was it. It was what? It was on yesterday. It was on yesterday. Yeah, I taped it. You want a copy? Sure.
What a well. I want a copy if they said anything. I'm sure that they didn't tell us anything. We didn't already know. Well, I mean, yeah, I talked about that co-pagot for a couple minutes. Yeah, it's about a couple of, you know, there's one guy.
Martin. I like the Lava.
Pardon me?
Martin. I know that's about the lesson. It was more. It was more towards like the men. The gave you know, they talk about that kid. The origin name Burke, the outbuilder for the Dodgers.
Yeah, right. They talked about him briefly. You know that he died of AIDS complications. What about that kid? The David Clyde that played for Houston briefly until he uh, no, no. There was another guy. I think there was another football player. I remember who it was. Yeah. It was an offensive lineman for the giant.
Big black guy. A big black guy named named whatever was. Yeah. And they talked about him briefly. We talked about some kid is in high school now. It was pretty interesting.
But they never did they mentioned Steve Young. No, they mentioned to our Eggman. No, actually they did. They talked to Lee Steinberg or whatever the agent is. Yeah.
And I talked about how you know they had to deal with with you know the even the idea that they might be gay. Right. And actually they showed up and they actually mentioned this. They said you know, the big time rumors about both Steve Young and Troy Eggman. Really?
Yeah. And they showed him like it's funny because like they showed it like a game. They're like hugging and. Oh boy. They probably showed the spot where Steve Young was sending flowers waiting for Jerry Rice to be talking about that commercial.
Yeah. Look, you know, what about is this poking fun or is this you know some other kind of statement? And they said, well, you know, again, they always talked to was Asian. They said, oh, you know, this is.
No, it was a sense of humor kind of thing. Right. He never I can be agent never said it was true. It wasn't true. He just said it is what it is. And he talked to play. We mentioned Camnilie or Adam Oates. No, they know they talked about. They talked about guys. They mentioned that there was nobody like currently.
They always got that after they retired or whatever. They talk about some Australian rugby player. There you go. Somebody nobody ever heard of. Right.
In fact, I've been British, some black British soccer player. This is us. There was only a couple of them that that were playing and were out of the closet. All the other guys were already done with the playing days.
Right. They've been done. Yeah. But I've got to play. If you want to get I could swing a bio. Yes, I do. I would love to see it.
And this is the first three, four, five minutes of it. But it was just like the intro. Oh, you know, it's like the Greg Musainis and a bunch of other people that were an individual sports as opposed to team sports.
Yeah. It's interesting. Guys, they used to shower alone like way off in the corner individual. Yeah.
Okay. Listen. It was funny that the other guys reactions like the straight guy, you know, whatever. Oh, yeah, because in the locker room, you know, you know, we can't have that. It was hilarious. It was the homophobia.
Right. Well, there's no fags in the sports. Just like there's no fags in the military or in the church. Yeah, I love to have it. All right. And let's take two. I'll bring it by thanks. Okay. There you go. I thought that was on tonight. Everybody told us Thursday. And they were like one day off.
163rd in this game, Southeast corner at some station. Okay. Exxon station. Here we go boys and girls. Exxon station. 163rd in this game. Southeast corner. Can't miss it.
It's busy as an intersection right there. The ranch there's some people that speak English who hang around in that area. Chris is there with the WQM family got the best of CDs and cassettes and best the Neil Rogers T-shirts and also some dolphin T-shirts to give away.
If you come by with some cash for us for set of one, we need 800 and what's my finger? Where is this 800 and some on 841 bucks to reach our hundred thousand dollars. We got two hours and 37 minutes to do it. We're going to do it today.
We're going to do it. If we have to hold a gun to you head, we're going to get that 841 bucks today. If Chris has to stay there until they until bag that no longer exists on the map.
That's how determined we are. We're going to do it today. And we thank you profusely in advance. Open line at Broward to indeed 5 6705 60.560 on the AT&T wireless line. And I'm sure that all like I said yesterday, all of our jocks on this station would tell you that there are no fags in sports.
That's just a rumor. It's just a lot of BS and the guys who take showers together are not the, you know, there's absolutely nothing gay about that.
At the gate club you moron. Here's a mobile in Pompato. Hello.
Neil, yes sir. The problem with athletes, I got two things. One is the names. I have a number of names here. I was at a... got the rosters of some basketball teams.
Yeah. We'll last your ass off. Okay. First off, the problem with athletes is it all starts in high school. There's a high school athlete, a tremendous player,
who was involved. You may remember about a month and a half ago, up in Broward, there was a father and a son on a motorcycle hit and run.
And the father died. The son's still in critical condition. Well, it was a student athlete at one of the local high schools.
Hit and run took the vends off the car, the license plate. Like the third time the police came and questioned this person.
They finally broke down admitted they did it, which was like two weeks after the fact. Yeah.
Tried to get away with it. This person is not only still in school, but is still playing. Nice.
It all starts there. It happens to be a star player too. So, you know, it's a great message to defend everybody.
On to the names. With Kendria. Yeah. My favorite tequila.
Tequila is not bad. How about Africa?
All people named tequila are champs. What is it? Africa? Africa. Uh-huh.
Tahaji. Now, if your name Africa does that make you an Afro-Kuner?
Probably. Tahaji. Tahaji. Yeah.
It's not bad. Toshika. Tahaji is probably taken from that Jewish name Tushii. Yeah.
Toana. Well, you give me one. I'll give you one because I got the list from this lady here. How about Corvette?
Corvette. I don't have that one. I have Corvette. I mean, there's nothing like driving a nice Corvette at work every day.
I'll drive Corvette. How about Fran Chetta? I have Chantabia. Chawanna. Octavia. Chinepa.
Um, Chawanda. Can you get a?
L'Apera. Charlisa.
Colondra. Cristella. Christella.
Wait. Here's Tijuana. How you be doing Tijuana? Well, I'll match Africa with Tijuana. In fact, I spent the holidays in Tijuana. Oh.
Um, in Sydney. Vanisha. Angel Leake. Dermica. Dermica. That's impressive. Yeah. D-E-R-E-K-A. Dermica. How you doing, Dermica?
How about Yisenta? Placenta? Yeah. Somebody called with the placenta and the name too. Uh, Sharita, which is probably kind of your retra. Dermitria?
Hey, you leave my retra out of it. Laquicia. L-A-Q-U-I-S-H-A. Laquicia. Let me ask you. How would you pronounce this? S-I-A-N.
S-I-A-N? Y-A-N? She-N? She-N? Yeah. She'd be in, uh, Y-N. Right. She's in Pontiac? Right. That's right.
Uh, Ayanna. Ay-Y-A-N-A. How about D-E-R-E-K-A? Well, here's one. Must be for, uh, like, uh, their complexive relis of George's wife. La Crystal.
Yeah. I have some with Crystal at my house. Here's one Bonita. That sounds like kind of a Florida thing. Bonita? I'll see you with Bonita, Springs.
Um, did I mention Miska? That may be Russia. No, that's Miss Bocha. Yeah. How about, uh, Runehta, R-H-U-N-E-T-E?
No, I don't have that one. How about Anita? Yeah. And here's one that sounds like a little tie in Fabiola, which is nothing like a nice candy in some Fabiola beans.
Wow. I'm getting hungry. Ay, it isn't your lunchtime. Is, uh, Bonita was going to be bringing you something from the people.
The law that they say we have, yes, in Fabiola beans. It puts the lotion in the basket. And how? An eel. Yes.
I only heard the full thing one time. Yes. And me and my brother, who's been listening to you, in fact, my brother tried to get Ricky Tiki's son on your show 15 years ago. Yeah.
Um, and he and I have a walk around for three days driving people nuts were like, dementia going around going, it puts the lotion in the basket.
How great! I'm telling people. I mean, it's hard to make you want to go rent the movie. It does. And like you said, the people who said it's creepy, if they haven't seen the movie, if you've seen the movie, you can see your parents when you hear that thing.
Exactly. Okay. Play the whole thing. No, I'll do it. Thank you. Take it by your phone is crap. Okay. We have an open line and they wanted Howard five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on the 18 to wireless.
One. Let's get pizza locked in here. They what do you say? Let's get that to end, Jeff. I don't even know we had a really margin. We had actually Chris had a leave there yesterday and get some real money on the
Corona University in Broward. Maybe Jeff was squeezing all the box out of his people. I'll tell you when you go to pizza lot, very, very modest price is they give you a big, big
portions of delicious Italian food. They've been doing it right for years. That's why Jeff is making all that money and why he's such a wild character and has a lot of free time to be a jackass.
That's right. Start out with any pasta. Check out the best garlic rolls in the world. And then try their ordering lasagna, stromboli, calzone, super subs chicken,
gadget, terrier spaghetti and meatballs, spaghetti and sausage, big, dirty, totally with cheese sauce. It's one of my favorites. Three different kinds of great pizza. In fact, the menu is so big.
You'll have a tough time picking out what you like. They also are famous for their express lunch specials. All you work and stiffs out there. If you don't have a lot of time for lunch,
pizza lot to help you out. Just phone or fax the order in and they'll have it ready for in just a matter of moments. 9 5 4 9 1 6 8 8 8 8. And they got tons in terms of
parking for you right there in the pizza lot. Right behind Pier 1 imports. There are 35 14 South University drive right between
Gryffin and 5 95 next to Nova Salty. Turn Kitty corner from Savi's buffet. That's right. They do it right at pizza lot. In fact, I think we ought to have
our $100,000 celebration. They would lots of food from Jeff Cohen as long as we don't have to see him too long. Jeff Cohen and the
world famous pizza lot. You're going to love it.
Pizza lot. If you want to go with Cali and see Jeff Cohen's holiday.
You'll have great Italian food. That's made by a Jew who has lovely taste in there.
Where do you find Joe Rose, Jeff DeFarce and Steve Coltsy? The first team right where you got it.
Sports radio 5 60 Q. A. L. Hi, this is Marie Fovitch wishing you a happy holiday.
This is Gabby. Hi, Gabby. I'm interested in getting some operations done.
Okay. And some body contouring and some liposuction. And I was wondering if it's some tummy tuck and lip augmentation
cosmetic breast surgery face tip to all of these things. And I was wondering. Well, you like steroids.
Well, I need to get everything done. Probably the first thing I'd like to have removed is my thing.
Okay, we don't do that. No. Could you do breast implants though?
It can't be done. The lotion in the basket. How much?
5,000. Excellent. I'd like to have my skin resurface too. Laser surgery. Have the lamb stop crying yet, mommy?
Thank you, Gizmi. Don't hurt mommy's little baby. It puts the lotion in the basket. I'd like to get the liposuction that I saw on TV.
Okay. Can you make me look more like a woman? Well, we'll have to see you first. And then upon looking at you, we can tell you that when we see you.
Should I wear my skin suit made of body parts, mommy? If you'd like to. It puts the lotion in the basket.
Would you like to make an appointment? Yes.
Okay. There is a $100 consultation fee. That's fine.
Okay. My name is Buffalo Bill. Okay. Let me give you a little information from you.
It puts the lotion in the basket. I understand. It puts the lotion in the basket.
Do you want to come in for a consultation? It puts the lotion in the basket.
Okay. Would you like to make an appointment? Or do you want to call me back?
Yeah. What's the lotion in the basket? I understand.
I got my skin suit and you're probably like, uh, uh, Bill.
It puts the lotion in the basket. I understand that. What's the lotion in the basket?
What you like to make an appointment? It puts the lotion in the basket.
Okay. I will talk to you in a term. Okay?
It puts the lotion in the basket. Hello?
26th of noon is 5.60 W.D. Kim. So there actually are people who don't get it.
Who's seeing the movie who don't get it? Well, there's only one thing can solve their problem.
Two open lines in date. 5.6705. 60.560 on the AT&T wireless line.
It looks real hazy and smoky and bagged in. I mean, it just, you know,
I think anything's going on quite at the moment, but it's still looking real hazy and smoky to which we say,
all right. Here's Volca. Hello? Volca. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir.
Uh, for Hanukkah, I sent my daughter number one and number two on your tape.
Thank you. She told me she caught, uh, uh, Saddam Hussein thing on NPR radio yesterday.
Really? Oh, yeah. That's right. They were playing some of the calls.
And she said it was quite good. Request from my daughter.
Yes, sir. Any chance of getting stuff other than the stuff that's on the, uh,
right now? No. Like like what? Other types from other years.
Well, yeah, well, Senator Wanda's got some of those here. In fact, did you come by at our thing on Saturday that borders and plantation?
They have, like, some stuff from previous years. Oh, great. Now one other thing you were talking about the French earlier.
Right. Going back to Normandy. Uh, I remember treating some people at the AIDS station I was working at at the time.
And they would tick off when the Germans took them over. We didn't destroy their homes, but when we came,
we blew up up their homes so they were really ticked off those fraud bastards.
Yeah, they should only croak. They could nasty death. Okay, and have a great holiday. Right.
Okay, we have an open line in Broward to indeed. One thing about us. We may not say, you know, we may not agree on everything.
But when it comes to the French, we hate them like poison like poison. There you go. Thank you for that guy calling and using that expression right off the bat today because boy comes in handy,
especially when you dealing with frogs. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile invoker. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hi, Neil. First time caller.
My red neck. Driving a pickup with NASCAR blaster all over. All right.
Listen to you since the 80s since I moved here. This guy that spoke to you last set up my call for every week.
Okay. Remember when they wanted to fly over Europe and French would let them fly. That's right. They wouldn't give us the fly over the right thing.
You said fly on this. They accidentally put a bomb into their embassy in Iraq. Right.
We can only get one of those cruise missiles just sail a little further and wherever these Republicans are gathering next.
Just take out a few more of those that the election didn't finish with really make my. I've said the Republican guard first in Baghdad.
And then the rest of the Republican right figure. Yeah. Take all the Republicans out. Those guys are foam of the most.
Did you see this Gerald Solomon last night? Yeah. They're all foam of the most. He was like a rabid dog.
I thought the guy was going to start the drooling and spitting and puking all over sub right on TV right on CNN.
They're like these old these Gary Larsen jokes with a shark swimming around like mad.
Like trying to eat something. It's like a cruel hoax because there's nothing to grab a hold of.
Yeah. I mean they're like they can't get their teeth into the guy and they just lose in their mind over it.
Exactly. I know how they hear. They're trying to grab something and there's nothing there.
They look ridiculous and I wish they'd go away.
Okay. Have a great. Whatever. Thanks. And we'll see. Okay. Down to a couple of calls on the boards getting pretty swim and grim right now.
Because these people are busy watching the racial broncin from the Center for Strategic International Studies who's done there right now.
What? Get her off of there. Okay. She makes me sick. I don't even know who she is.
Already she makes me sick because she's another talking head pontificating and articulating a bunch of bullcrab.
Just keep bombing over there. That we can all understand. You don't have to be a rocket scientist to understand the old Tom Cruise missile.
560.560 on the AT&T wireless line. Any interest here today? No. I don't think so.
Did he ever call you back? Because we don't have all day to waste your Jeff never call. He had to know what to do about that deal.
So anyway Chris is over there with a QA and Van. I better start promoting the hell out of that.
On the court of 163rd in the Skane on the southeast corner at the Exxon station.
You'll just spot that big QA and Van and you'll make a B line for it and say hey we want to you know be a participant today because today is the big day.
That Neal is definitely going over the $100,000 mark this year for center one. Isn't it? We hope we damn well better.
I mean 841 bucks. We ought to be able to do that by one o'clock if we get these the show on the road.
Here's a mobile in Little Havana. Hello. Hello Neal. I'm Jewish boy in Little Havana. Happy time.
Hi. Hi. Hi. You shouldn't know from it. Listen let's start to get about all this other crap of the day that everybody's talking about with bombing and impeachment and everything.
Let's get down to the real important thing. Yeah. If you say the other day that legal seafood is opening in Bradley County.
That's what I'm hearing. Yes. I'll buy the software somewhere in my neck of the woods. Yes. Well I will ride you on me and that'd be perfect.
What a beautiful thing. I just want to say one thing to my douchebag brother and little Michael who's a gum ball pusher.
Yeah. I really think that Jeff Cohen puts the lotion in the pizza. It wouldn't surprise me. All right.
I know he puts it in his basket. Okay. Have a great time. I like to get out here. It's like a zone.
Okay. One call up that aboard. We've been rolling along here and never even thinking about this phone and they've been smoking all morning.
Maybe they've been smoking too much. That could be the problem. All of a sudden they just died.
Just like old Frank. I like old blue eyes. They just died. 5 6705 60.5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Any report yet? Any money in yet? No. That was Jeff.
Oh is Jeff taking care of us today? Jeff Cohen is taking care of us today. I'm going to put the emotion in his casket and the lotion in our basket.
And we're going to have a big celebratory thing. I hope it's not a premature evaluation. I'll tell you that.
Quartz Quartz. We're a accountant. I'm getting that 841 bucks today. And I'm sure that if we can't get the 841 bucks from the audience out there or the QA in advance,
there will be a round of building here. We'll like to go and just steal a lot of people's wallets.
What is a Buffalo Bill?
Boy!
On the first day of Hanukkah, my pair of days are near. A picture of my family for me.
Boy!
On the second day of Hanukkah, my pair of days are near.
Two things in trade-all with a picture of my family for me.
On the third day of Hanukkah, my pair of days are near.
Three happy shirts, two taken trade-all with a picture of my family for me.
Oh, what? What's that we had seen on our heads?
It's a safe place. On the fourth day of Hanukkah.
That's cool. My pair of days to near.
Now these kosher can't even find a happy shirt. Two taken trade-all with a picture of my family for me.
They'll trade-all when they did out of play. And when the wine is lodging, I'll throw the thing away.
No, but that's nice. Fight me.
On the fifth day of Hanukkah, my pair of days are near.
For one take a picture of my family for me.
Oh, that's what Jimmy's got, weren't it?
Maybe Jimmy's Catholic.
Oh.
And not watching TV.
Not watching shirts.
Not watching trails.
Or a picture of my family for me.
Oh, that's great.
On the sixth day of Hanukkah, my pair of days are near.
If I were a rich man, look, I'd be in charge of every year.
In front of my family.
Oh, that's great.
On the seventh day of Hanukkah, not bad.
My pair of days made me feel.
Seven trees, you watchers.
Yes, my one little rich man.
I want a Christmas tree.
I want a Christmas tree.
Oh, that's great.
Christmas tree.
Hi, this is a cut.
On the eighth day of Hanukkah, my pair of days to me.
Nothing that I wanted, that was easy, like a...
Yes, I was rich.
Where is my Christmas tree?
I'll be a social candy tree.
Yes, a shirt, a painting draped.
And a picture of my family for me.
Oh, that's great.
Hey!
I think right at the closet on this, it puts the horse in the basket thing, you know?
Okay, well admit, we've been pulling your leg.
It's not from the trial and error, but if you have nothing to do with that movie,
it's not remembering Godfather, part one, when Clements was making these spaghetti fries.
And Michael came over and said, how come you put all that olive oil in there and Clements was said?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Wasn't it, or was it in Fantasia?
Huh?
When Mickey said to Donald, don't you remember Mickey Mouse saying,
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Huh? Or maybe it was in Psycho.
Right, when Tony Perkins was going up the stairs with her without Tab Hunter.
And he said, mommy, don't you remember that?
Mommy was sitting in a rocking chair there with that bad wig on.
Flood.
You're right, and Tony said,
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Even though he never would hurt a fly.
How could anybody watch the silence of the Yams and not the...
I don't get it.
Some of you better go back and revisit that.
You better make a B-line to your neighborhood video store right now
and watch that movie over and over again before we come and beat the stout out of you, okay?
Oh, that fits from the movie.
What movie is that?
Okay, let's go to the 20 by the way.
2.20 by the... okay here, let's...
Let's see, 621 to go.
319,379 dollars we got for a center one.
We got 621 dollars to go.
Are we going to do that by 2 o'clock?
Yeah!
That's your sweet ass we are.
This is a momentous day, okay?
I hope that Buddy Nevin's is listening to him.
I'm sure he is since he knows that I make corrosive tacos
and I rip Wayne Heisenga and say that he's an asshole.
Yeah, exactly.
And don't appreciate the no matter how much money he gives the charity.
He's still an asshole.
Hope you're listening, Buddy.
We're sure that you got your radio glued right to your rear.
Break them.
And are we going to read anything about this in the newspapers?
No.
Are we going to hear anything about this from the local media?
That here's this fat bag on the air that raised over 100 grand for a center one this year?
No.
That has raised over half a million dollars for them so far?
No.
Of course not.
Here's for Lauderdale.
Hello?
Hey, now?
Yes, sir.
You know what line I am really disturbed out is...
Who cares if I'm still a freight train?
You're stupid lining.
You keep saying it.
You're a jerk.
Okay, thank you.
And I hate you like poison.
Okay, we have an idea.
And take the accost and off your nose too.
Next time you call, people are starting to talk already.
Because...
It puts the lotion in the basket.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60 in pump 5, 60 out of 18 T wireless line.
He never stole a freight train.
What's wrong with that?
You know anybody who stole a freight train?
No.
So even the biggest thing, like Wayne.
Wayne is an asshole but did he ever steal a freight train while we're not sure.
If he had the chance I think he might.
Here's Miami.
Hello?
Miami.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Have you seen the alien a gross lady on TV?
No, I have not.
I'm not going to talk about a...
Oh, I can't believe the timing of this bombing of our room.
What a surprise that is.
I know.
She's speaking in English or not?
I know.
She's speaking in English or not.
I believe her not.
She wants to speak in English.
It's like she doesn't have a brain of her own.
She doesn't have a brain period of her own or anybody else.
She's as simple as she's a twit.
You know, I'm not a Clinton supporter and I'm not going to debate this with you.
But I think you should be impeached.
But I don't have any doubt it's the timing of this.
I mean, we need to bomb the son of a gun off the map.
Yeah.
And that's as simple as that.
Anybody with a brain can see that.
Exactly.
That would be like saying a lot of...
Which leads to Ilyana out of the equation and Trent Laud as well, yes.
That's just with the actual Solomon.
That's rhetorical, that's true.
That would be like saying that the lot and child died so bloody macaque could be governor.
No, yeah, there you go.
They speak of that.
It works the mysterious way.
His timing wasn't too good if he would have died a couple of months sooner.
That's exactly right.
And speaking of which, I have a card for you.
Yes, sir.
About... about lot and childs?
There's no motion in the casket.
Ooh, okay, have a great day.
There's no motion in the he-cune.
Front page of the paper, yes, sir.
I think it was the hero.
Big headline.
Last journey for he-cune or something like that.
I'll come here.
Okay, that's our poll question.
Sometimes it takes me to the limit of the show like today to come up with a really good poll question.
If you could choose your new neighbor, okay, if somebody's moving in next door to you,
would you prefer to have a he-cune or just a plain ordinary cune?
Okay, that's our question today.
Would you prefer a he-cune or just an old ordinary run-of-the-mill cune next door to your house?
Excellent question.
Thank you.
560-560, 0560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Lake Worth.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
In commemoration of this occasion, I would send you a thousand thank you.
If you could play, if you haven't already done it, then wacky, Iraqi.
And 500 if you don't have it.
Wacky, Iraqi.
They're wacky, Iraqi.
Who's saying?
You're added for a while.
Yeah.
You still have it.
I'll have to look for it, and then you'll bit too.
Okay.
Okay.
You're great.
So I can zoom in.
Whatever that means.
Anyway, listen, I'll tell you the power of this.
We've even got sparks in this town running around saying,
Kushmer and Tukhos, how do you like that?
That's right.
Anybody give to you any lift?
Big one or otherwise.
Okay.
Just say, Kushmer and Tukhos.
It doesn't make any difference whether you're Jewish, Goyish, Black, Dark, White, Asian.
Just say, Kushmer and Tukhos, they'll get the message.
They'll run like a son of a bitch.
56670560, pound 560.
I wish I could find that other one.
Iraqi and Bullwinkle.
But you know, some of these things fall through the woodwork,
and of course our good friends at ACN.
They really, they got a little problem.
Good stuff every now and then, not too often, but every now and then.
But then trying to find it.
That's another story.
A lot of people got good stuff, but when you try to find it, search party.
Here's Miramar.
Hello.
Miramar.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yes, you know, I've been reading the things about going on in Washington.
I'm so sick of these Republicans following their leader hide.
He's nothing but a hypocrite.
Following their leader's hide, yeah.
Yeah, and I just wanted to tell you, I don't know if you read the letter to the editor,
the son sent an old-small.
Rick, I did.
Did you see that article by Nancy Genovies?
I didn't see the article by Nancy Genovacy.
It sounds like some kind of a mobster, but I did see the letter you're talking about.
Yeah, well, that was her name.
Well, anyway, I just wanted to see if you'd seen it.
I'm so tired of years of man has done ten times worse than Clinton.
Right.
And all the Republican idiots are following him like little kids.
Yeah.
Although I was in fairness, I will say yesterday that he immediately said he wasn't suspicious about the timing of this.
At least he said the right thing yesterday, and he wasn't one of those paranoid rabbit looted things like Gerald Solomon or Trent Lod.
I can't say too much for Henry, but at least he was irrational yesterday.
It is his moment.
Yeah, well, I'll tell you the Republican is going to be in this loot,
Gingrich thought he was going to take about 20 or 30 seats this last night.
Hey, I got news for you. He's going to have a lot of company.
There's going to be a lot of people out to a Koonhunt or whatever they're going to be doing come year 2001 after those elections in 2000.
You got that right.
They're going to have a real big Y2K problem.
Any man?
Okay, and God bless us all.
As Tony Fim said.
Didn't he say that?
I thought Tony Fim was the one that said it.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Yeah, he said that's where it's from.
I'm going to have a Christmas cure.
Oh my God, at this time of the year we should be knowing that.
Maybe it was evidence or scoots.
It's it.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Or maybe that was just Alice there.
It's still pretending to be of it.
Do they show that anymore?
How come I, you know, all the, you know, the Hanukkah stuff and the Christmas stuff as being a heathen like I am.
But even so, there's no any holiday now.
Like I've told you for the last four or five years, they don't even make a pretense anymore of any significance.
These are just going by, you know, spend a lot of money.
Give us your money, buy a lot of gifts, buy a lot of food, whatever the holiday might be.
Go buy a lot of beer, get drunk out of your mind and everybody say, okay, five six, seven, oh five, 60,
pound five, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
We're getting so close to that $100,000 mark we can almost smell it.
That's right.
99,370, nine.
Maybe Robert Gryper will put up the shortfall if we come up a little short between the nine two.
If we come up like eight or nine dollars short.
Thanks again to Rimmer.
I oughta mention that several times because he's such a cheap bastard.
I should mention he gave us 100 bucks.
Nice going, Robert.
Tends it down by courier last night.
You know, this man calls me, oh, you get there early, get there early because you know, I got to come down and I got to get back up and do my thing.
Well, I got news for you know, I have to choose between getting there right at six when they open the doors or watching them dropping bombs on Baghdad
and watching what the Bubba's about to say or going there at six o'clock when it was nobody in that joint.
Did I go there at six o'clock?
No.
Six thirty was early enough and thank you again Rimmer.
And you're still a cheap bastard.
There's my meat.
Got a bruise on the f***er.
Got a bruise on the f***er.
All right.
Got a bruise on the f***er.
Got a bruise on the f***er.
I racked some crappy little country.
Well, it's like super-stash on the stage.
I've been outside.
You're in drinking chubby and blow up the whole goddamn place.
Got a bruise on the f***er.
Got a bruise on the f***er.
Got a bruise on the f***er.
Got a bruise on the f***er.
What's my bad?
Got a bruise on the f***er.
Got a bruise on the f***er.
Got a bruise on the f***er.
Got a bruise on the f***er.
Got a bruise on the f***er.
You know, just like Clemente did say in Godfather 1, by the way.
He puts the money in front of that.
But he said, if we were to stop Hitler at Munich,
we wouldn't have had all this bull crap.
That's what he said.
Remember that?
And he was given Michael the gun with the tape wrapped around the handle.
If we were to just stop that Dan Hitler at Munich,
we wouldn't have had all this below news body stuff.
Got all kinds of stuff being faxed here.
Most of which are quite frankly, it's Jesus.
On and on and on.
It goes.
And Bob Barr did this and the internet says this.
And Henry Hight is a piece of crap.
And he's an asshole.
We already know that. Thank you.
Okay, where we going?
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing?
Great.
I just got done changing all of my AM precept buttons to 560.
Excellent.
I made the mistake of flipping over to get some traffic report from that other station.
Oh!
Yeah.
Neil, they now have a Canadian report so that our winner visitors from Canada can keep track of what's going on.
W-I-E.
Oh, I hate that station.
I'll tell you, if they want to know what's going on up there, why don't they go home and find out?
I think I'll back to Quebec with a banjo on their own thing.
Exactly. What's next, Radio Devana?
Yeah, that's it. We already got that.
Yes, Neil.
See ya. I read the Dirtgeek.
What's next? I guess this guy, like he said, if you want to be safe on the AM ban, 560 on every button, please.
265 and it's pretty slow.
He says every time you mention it, a whole bunch of people show up at them.
Great. Okay. Well, so in other words, keep mentioning.
All right. Let's see. 4 and 2.
And what is that?
Oh, I got the right.
Okay.
Let me do it again.
279.
And how much?
What did you just say?
265.
And 265 is 4. 4.
See, I can add, unlike Dan Rather, I'm not making his money.
99,544.
So we've got another 456 bucks.
And where is the QA ban?
456 bucks. Come on.
Let's get with it.
You should be doing that in the next half hour.
Easy. Next 27 minutes by 1230.
So when the food gets here from a pizza lot, we can have a big celebration.
And we can all do it because that's key.
Okay.
We can dance around over the fact that they're bombing a crap out of Baghdad and bombing those crazy bastards
into the stone age.
And the fact that we raised over 100 grand for a center one.
456 bucks.
The Exxon station in the southeast corner of 163rd in this game, Boulevard in North Miami Beach,
a very prime location.
An easy spot to get to.
A spot, especially now in the middle of lunch hour, take out 20 or 30 minutes.
Okay. Maybe Chris will give you a big kiss on the forehead or somewhere if you look good,
depending on what you are.
And where are you?
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Miami.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Happy holidays.
And back to you.
This is a little off the subject.
But you've been keeping up with what happened to this kid from Jackson High School.
No.
He dropped a ball in Northwestern Vietnam in the playoffs.
And now they beat him.
The coach was fired.
Isn't that great?
He dropped the ball.
So when they lost the ball game, so they beat the crap out of him?
They beat him.
The mother's getting death threats.
You know, it's kind of pitiful how these parents are raising the kids in the way the sport is.
That's the American fucking way.
Yeah, right.
But, uh, you know, I know you've been listening.
I listened to you all the time and I hadn't heard anything, you know, come through on your
story.
I missed that.
I didn't see that story.
But isn't that a great lesson to teach our kids that if you lose the ball game, some
hoppy make a bad play, we're going to beat the crap out of you and threaten you with the death
in your whole family and your pets too?
Well, you know, it's pretty pitiful.
And, you know, unfortunately it's happening here in Miami and...
It's part of this whole sports syndrome, it's like it's become instead of fun and a
past and it's become like a sickness now.
Correct.
Yeah, I mean, these kids aren't getting played, they're playing for the love of the game.
Right, like a Miami high, right?
Right.
Well, you have a happy holiday.
And you too.
I wanted to know with some of the other listeners and I thought about it.
Okay.
Bye-bye.
See ya.
There's another pleasant story you're in a holiday.
Okay.
As the beat goes on, when the game we're going to beat this not out of you.
Okay, you put...
Well, that's like they said before.
That's the American fucking way.
And you can never say that too often.
So who wants it?
A wife tiny tin in a Christmas carol who said it puts the elotion in your Christmas basket.
Something like that.
Here's Evan Tura.
Hello.
Evan Tura.
Going once.
You know how they are in Evan Tura?
Maybe they expire on us.
I think they croaked.
Open line and Broward one in date.
560-705-60.
05-60 on the mobile one line.
Here's a mobile in South Miami.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Okay, first turn call.
How are you doing?
Okay.
This is a woman on another radio this morning who called up and she said that she's going to
take a picture of that.
I think that's the president of the United States.
There's an embarrassment to this country.
I think she got it backwards.
I think what she meant to say was that this country is an embarrassment to the president for
what they're doing ahead.
People, they, I don't know.
Anyway, look at that.
Okay, thanks.
This president he screwed around and then he refused to come clean with it.
In fact, if he would have come clean in the sports place without that dress, he wouldn't have all this mess.
If you don't have the dress, you do not have the mess.
That's what Johnny Cocking said.
on the routine the other night
and of course they had Chris Darden on frequent time he said i don't give a
shit which i think is basically way lot of people feel like let's get that
over with let's get on with the important stuff like kill and set him who
say in the
bombing in the stone age
seventy four percent that's a that's a tumultuous response from the
american public and only thirteen percent our negotary
and those thirteen percent are probably doing their trend lot blow up now right
now as i speak
anybody by the way seen the new mister lately no
can find him for lover money
here's how to be tello
hello yes sir
i'm ill
uh... first time call
are you great
uh... i want to send you the rest of the money to put you over the top
okay
and i have an address and
all that other good
yeah george will give a few we appreciate hang on
okay tell him what it is but in the meantime we don't want to stop the
other thing okay because that's you know i'm sure he's going to do it which
we appreciate very much will just that i i had that on the total
but i mean i want to have it right in my hand here during the show and the
money to
so that's great take care of that fine gentlemen we appreciate that
profusely
we're gonna have to get it out on the other side of the summer which by the
way today is a very important anniversary when you don't know about
today's the semper seventeen nineteen ninety eight
December seventeen nineteen seventy six twenty two years ago today
guess who came out of the closet on wk t twenty two years ago today
they don't like that and still out of the closet he still hasn't got back in
they keep on go back in
and keep spoken his head out
twenty two years ago i remember civil events at the
all right go ahead i don't know about a bit but a little that's okay
ice-con said how you doing you still a shell and for all those uh... for
fp and all are the state of love is a good guy said never feel afraid to
know he said it again
we hate me like poison because he keeps saying those awful feces like he never
still a guy did for what else would you say he never stole a mz.a. he never
stole uh... what
never stole a mac truck
how would that be never stole a mac truck
what you don't drive mac truck so we know it's in the window still a mac truck
right
here's it will be only two i know the drove a truck
her name was
yeah forgot about her a diesel truck right randy is that correct
i don't know
here's a mobile in the rail hello
me how you doing great
good listen i called your just today because that
buffalo bill thing that you're playing
the people in this town don't understand what that what that is how to relate
that i can understand that the funniest bit that you played in here you know
we've played it seven thousand times over it each time i have to change my
underwear
what is a buffalo bill that is awesome
how could there be anybody who does especially if they saw the movie who's
debating with us
that it didn't come from the movie they don't get it it's not funny
i'm serious man these people in some serious ass
this is just a fact that it's a that you can tell it's a crack call that somebody
that stayed on the phone that one with somebody doing that right that's a good
point i said that the dorkis one even if you didn't see the movie just hearing
it is enough to uh... make your screaming how
exactly you know i've got a couple things yes sir
uh... i i heard you on the radio because i've listened to you forever and and i'm
a native Floridian and i've lived in this town for a but i don't call as much as i
should
you are
by choice in agnostic is that correct
and eight years
i am by choice the catholic and that's okay everyone's entitled to
believe in what they want to believe it
isn't there in correctness among in in the country
those the way the largarit and there's a separation of church and state
for for for business sense and for religious purpose
every and these these questions i'm going to post you are just rhetorical
because this is something i've been i talk about it just got me
chiseled up
yeah everything that we have one t-was everything that we buy
has disclaimers in it and everything
active gun exactly now if you're you being a lot of my car made sure they
stuck in active
no god and then i like it a lot that actually what if if if in your case you don't
believe in god then that those but like this jackass this morning or yesterday
called me instead about clinton well he put his hand on the bible who cares he
put it on the bible every president when they get sworn in to put their
hand on the bible and they still i through their teeth like reggaed and
pushing every other god damn one so what the hell's that got to do with any
exactly the other thing you i'll stick my hand on the bible and tell you
whatever you want to hear anything you like any time that you write the date
and as again uh... it has nothing that it's not a conflict with religious belief
but it's something that's ingrained or that just people do is as an automatic thing
anytime that you write the date 1998 is saying that you believe it
nineteen hundred ninety eight years ago christmas born i mean that's what that is
that's an odomini and that's what that represents in people
dominates the biscuits absolutely uh-huh that's what that that's what that symbolize
i don't know don't get all that out of shape just remember one thing
there's a fact in the church it's a glorious reveal have a great holiday
yeah and i got someone that do you know that jimlo you were do you think that good
or okay see jimlo green door i remember that once behind the green door by jimlo
he used to be this jockey wmc near which i'm sure it's not the same jimlo because i'm
sure that one is dead green door i'm not wreckage by the way in nineteen fifty six
what do i know my older easier one no one after noon at five sixty w the qm
real Roger
Saturday morning joining the winter jimlo ten is bolly but he's a time who's saying
oh well the last half visit mentors of a rocky and boinkoff
yili dili dili d を united nation just about two
two who cares give me that crystal ball
hey such aasses he got up on the wrong side of the bunkers
who have the power will help to them to them your one waxed out two
and just like your oil your smelly and groom
haha and most did you see your squirrel friend
oh you mean rocking sure he's over there
It'll be there. It'll be there.
Oh, my! Rocky! What do you know about this, Adam?
Don't ask me. Ask my auntie.
A.B. A.D. Who?
M.D. X.F.
Who?
Join us next time for oil swell, that ends well,
or kiss your cast goodbye.
Hey, Moose, what's weather forecast for today?
For me.
Here, Racky and Bowling.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning on New Galonius.
Saturday morning that would go into the
I'll see if I can say I need to get away
The fence will stay to seven years
Now I'm going to find your ways
And your prison is your prison
You're living for maybe a few years
I'll see if he's not first
Get you back on my back
I'll fall for that I could break away
But now I'm losing heart
God I'm tired of killing my blood soul
Hey, you know where the prison is
Where the prison is
Burn up the light cause I can't hide you and me
Where the prison is
Where the prison is
When I get out I'm ready to go free
You're my prison bitch
My prison bitch
I'll never take it by
You're not lying on the other
You back they had to die
On the second box I've lived out there
If you want me to
Your prison is
Is never leaving you
You're my prison bitch
But now you're my soul bitch
I'm so prepared for that
No, I'm so prepared for that
You're my prison bitch
You're my prison bitch
You're my prison bitch
You're my prison bitch
Okay, thanks for your call
From the worst family's people
I'm becoming vying not to
You know having too much conversation here
And bringing great food
Alright delicious baby I got meatball
I got sausage
I got a little bit of the inside of a cow's own
The stuffing of it
And so I guess Chris is a dine over there
At 163rd in the skein which he did
He keeps pushing it
He keeps pushing it
Like it ain't gonna happen over there
I told him that
North Miami Beach
He's supposed and supposed
But he keeps trying to push it
Are we stuck at 410?
Is that the deal?
We got nothing beyond that
That's because I made that bad mistake of
Reading that facts in America
I should have saved that right for the bitter end
So anyway they're gonna move to another location
Which would be fine with us
Like over by Evan Sure
Which again, Dave County
They're obsessed with Dave County
You got the sticks station on Dave
Do we have any audience in Dave?
No
Here's the fact that
That I'd like to come by your appearance this Saturday
But I have no idea how to get to this particular border store
I'll be coming up from Miami
It says do I take the turn and pipe?
Do I take 95?
What are the erections?
I call the actual store
And was left on hold for 10 minutes without any ass
Estons
Well here you go whoever sent me the facts
All you do is you come up to Hershey Highway
The turn pipe or 95
And you get off on sunrise boulevard
And go west young man old man
Whoever you might be
Just keep going west all the way through
I mean just go west and west almost through
Over the arenas
Out to plantation acres
And there on the right hand side
As you go west you'll see a best buy
And then you'll see a big free standing borders
And there's an antico-states down the other side of it
And the borders is where we're going to be known to do this Saturday
I'll ask the parents of the thing for this year
With the best of meal stuff
Including whatever CDs and cassettes we have from previous years
Which we still have some of those
Including meals nuggets
That has the bridge tender and some of the other pain in the ass stuff
That you keep bugging us for that we don't have one here again
Got it?
Uh huh
Good
So they're going to move to another location
And see if we can knock off that 306 by the end of the day
See it's just anti-climactic
To do it like on a fax like that
And say, oh well here it is, you know, great
But we want them more than we're here
We want it in our hand
Here's Miami, hello
Miami
Hey, you know
Yes sir, two things I wanted to talk about
It was kind of interesting last night
I was cruising through the stations
And it happened to go through each one of them
Went through 610, oh my god
I went through a brick and such show
And it was kind of interesting that everybody's talking about the bombing
Oh my god
Yeah, we went over to your station
And of course this, Kin Bo-Kamper
Talking about the Dan Minov, anything going on?
Oh no, that's what I was asking for
I was wondering, of course, how many people could have really been listening at that point?
Because I sure was
And I was glued to my TV before went to the hockey game
Well, 50-bonders bursting in air and listening to Jerry Solomon carrying on like a rabid dog
And it was just like two minutes you said there you go, Jesus, you're still talking about this?
Now what time was this?
Um, this was, I would say about 6 o'clock or 7 o'clock, someone that never heard
Oh my god
Now, isn't that one of the things that I said when I first came over here being on an all-sports station
That if we have a war, if like the end of the world comes, if we have another major hurricane
We didn't have one, I was on vacation that one time
Or Hurricane Kumblo and through here just as George
And we are totally unprepared to deal with this stuff, you know
Well, hey, at least we get the latest scores and stuff
There you go, I just need to get the odds on that bond that girls volleyball game that I've tried
Absolutely
What are you going to get that? You're going to get that to the N-I-O-D?
No, no, no way, we got it
Well, the other thing I want to talk to you about was funny
Because, um, a lot of people that I was sitting here and talking about this Clinton thing with me
See, I'll feel basically the same, which is, you know, this is just a big, uh, thing of bullshap that's going on
And it'll be a deal
Well, last night I'm sitting here, where somebody walks in
And he begins to start talking to me
In about two minutes into the whole conversation, I said
So you were just interrushed with him, but I don't you
And he says, well, yeah, okay, as you guys said
Uh, well, I guess the stormtrooper boot should have done, like, tip me off
But anyway, I'm not a material, but...
Did he keep saying did I, did I, did I?
Oh, no, actually he kept talking about how Clinton spin doctors working and so on and so forth
Yeah, tell him to spin this, tell him to go home and spin his rattle
Well, you know, he'll probably get a little cheap thrill out of that one
And then stick it in his back bone
Right, not necessarily in that order
Okay, have a great time holiday
You too, bye-bye
See ya
Two open lives in date, five, six, seven, see it's only the old diehard
The real right wingers that tried it in the true
I mean, if Clinton came in for the holidays and brought them $20,000 in cash and put it under God in Hanukkah busher Christmas tree
If they were in that category, they'd still hate him like poison
Oh, gee, he said it again
They'd still say he stole a freight train
Five, six, seven, oh good lunch today by the way from pizza loft, thank God I thought of it
Excellent
Outstanding
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60 and pound five, 60 on the mobile one line
Beware of exploding balls
Stop bombing back dead
Do it every day
All right
I want to watch it on TV
I rack, I rack
We've not looked at the world
It should take a day
Let us just watch the naturalics
I rack, I rack
I want to wake up
and see their cities don't exist
Look in the air and tell that thought of a saying
We're really pissed
You'll under my skin that little piece of shit
He'd get away
I'll get them off to make a hit from all of you
No, what's up has got to go off that now
We all know we've time to bomb
I rack, I rack
I rack, I rack
I want to wake up
and see their cities don't want to fit
Look low on TV
and say that win number one
Stop for the heat
We can't be beat
But can we have one?
Stop bombing I rack
Why not stop to save you?
Let's make a lot of mistakes
And all I rack
And when all the boys are there
I'll do a show
With that chick there and say goodbye
I rack, I rack
rando
Yeah
ographical
went
blitzer on their producer second and about frankiet is on there on CNN going
that that that that that Friday and Saturday impeachment debate okay the
worried about momentum the republican that they just got through I was listening
he said don't worry about the big mow okay because he signed for 80 million
dollars a year and big show of all he's gonna be okay don't worry about that
you got us in the bag and whatever you paid us that was good enough and they
can kind of nerve-wrote that's what they said
two open lines and they five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a
mobile one line give you something to do over the weekend anyway here's
what a lot of the hello yes sir well I'm coming all I can do thank you for
the last uh... fifteen eighteen years of listening to you've been great uh... I
cannot believe this trend what I don't know if I can say this word to beat me
what a shmuck this guy comes out we got a a a war situation going on we're
finally taking care of business he goes well I don't know if I trust the
president
i'm sorry you know i'm listening i'm eating and i'm listening where I can do
both at the same time i hear you i know it's astonishing but i can do it
all right well you know they got to they got the most important impeachment
uh... waste of time going on so that we if they passed these article of the
pictures which it looks like they will work in a six months approximately a
testimony from this Linda trip from Monica little we know we don't want to
that's what they want that's uh... with the republican guard that's what they
want they're doing this for what purpose and they're doing it because they got
a bug up their ass because they got a hard on for bill clinton they want to
stick it to them and uh... that's it
the common don't confuse them with the fact they can be here they don't care
your preaching the choir sir they do not care we got it we got twelve million
more people have a great holiday okay we have an open line in brow to and
aid five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line don't
confuse the only an aggro slayton and he claysha and all your other uh...
legislators out there don't confuse them of the fact
because they got their mind made up and they got uh... they're under control
they got you know that's the thing i got you under my thumb well somebody's got
them under his thumb it's them
and that's it like time delay he's got them under his thing
here's a lady in plantation hello
yes ma'am how are you great
listen i could ask you to get to listen to all the time right
you think they've ever got your time uh... i'm put at the state
if they would want ever take you up there and the i'm put at the state
never right now
also in terms of the attorney general i heard your little stuff about one
or you mean about the crucial then yeah he's an asshole
that would be better worth his a major asshole
and we'll be a good boss and make money well that's that's all accounts i mean
you know as long as the sex clear
that he's still an asshole a goody to choose from the baloney
listen uh... i don't get to hear you get you play something good for me
maybe okay like one i don't know i don't get to hear you until i see i'm just
down for christmas okay it's a prize me okay thank you have a happy you too
bye bye how do you like that nice young lady there first lady is a day i do believe
am i right yeah thanks so well they're busy they're cooking now you know
christmas goodies like monzo bread stuff like that
open-ended brow or two a day county five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty animal one line that would be a good thing to play
huh christmasy now he said not christ something good not christmasy for
crying out loud something entertaining something she would lotty part uh
what the augmentation no no how about um
this will be good
kind of fits right in
so to speak
uh...
with my
behind
the
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
because
uh... where Chris went okay see they're trying to give us a handicap
make it just a little bit more difficult ninety nine thousand seven fourteen
i'm not adding an iris money until we get you know
because i really as well to start a call and all you mean well i read but but
out for right now
but uh...
what will you do right now if you and then you're gonna absolutely uh...
court court what yourself i guarantee that
they're in halloween day how do you like that
all i find our audience maybe sunny Rosenberg will come by with a few
all i got it
we're on the corner of u.s. one in halloween deal beach full of art in the
northwest quarter in the shell station there huh
we have what four or five people under the age of a hundred and how many we
wanted to uh... i said maybe
and we need another two hundred eighty six box boy sure slowed down after i
mentioned that uh... we're all unofficially over the top we want to officially
over the top that's why we're having a spedula plus and having a celebration
today
and all of a sudden we slow down a bit crawls just because they're going into
places where we couldn't find our audience of our lives dependent on it
well thank you nip picking now
so tomorrow and saturday back to impeachment okay after a couple of days of
bombing laundry head we go back to speech meant tomorrow
that a lot of people saw from last but what about the speech meant
what you wonder
here's a land oh hello
yes sir
ratio is usual uh... course of you how long i've been listening
yesterday you're talking about jolt on tap on the
oh god
but i remember him
uh... not that
no reason for calling
and if you don't put it out over here maybe jorge could tell me
keep talking about air
and i tried and tried to take them down i thought i was a big fan but he sounds
like he's been listening a long time
i'd like to find out who he is maybe
off to him the web pages great to know what rangers archives
yeah
air it herald
eric one herald
what paper is it the herald
that the herald not something email him at eric at you know what is dot com
uh... thank you for the report
and uh...
that make a request yes sir
how about
i'll get the
out of you
all that's not good to me
thank you very much and have a great life
i want to see
okay
i'll pay
that
a
tsunami
on
people
tell
kept
the
And bombs under two.
Oh, it's not a mic.
It's the same.
I didn't lose.
That ball took blue with the phone.
If I do recall, my head looks like a two ball.
I guess you don't need no.
I'm blue.
The day I kicked the shit out of you.
To the guy who's messing with my ass.
I'd like your head like a leg.
Or I might break a leg.
Yeah, it's me.
I would give me the view.
Would I tip the shit out of you?
So they press, they see it's crazy.
I'd eat them up like a cat.
Stokes down my ass.
They eat an oak in the juice.
Or hit me, I kick the shit out of you.
What's with this guy who was broke?
He's only your new high back.
He looks like a mouse.
He can see people even has no mosey.
Let's see.
See if there's much I'd win some blue.
Maybe I kicked the shit out of you.
I said I kicked the shit out of you.
To the guy who's messing with my ass.
The Neil Roger show now on 560 WPAM Miami Fort Lauderdale.
It's so loud, it's so loud.
I'm speeding like a white Christian.
Up at the juice and get home always.
How I'd love to bury those right buildings.
There is food on the windows like I know.
I'm speeding like a white Christian.
And how we all must think and act alike.
Not to think you're never into procries.
It wouldn't make me wonderful.
Everybody in the world is white and twisted.
And look the same and set the same thing.
Boring, I don't think so.
No, to leave, that would be paradise.
And the Republican way.
I'm speeding like a white Christian.
And how we all must think alive.
All the games blackened yet long must die.
Until everybody is Christian.
And what?
103 at 560 WQM.
Here's the good news boys and girls.
We made it.
We made 100 grand for Santa.
And we made it.
We made it.
We made it.
We made it.
We made it.
We made it.
We made it.
We made it.
We made it.
We made it.
We made it.
We made it.
We made it.
We made it.
We made it.
We made it.
We made it.
We made it.
We made it.
We made it.
We made it.
We made it.
We made it.
We made it.
We made it.
We made it.
We made it.
We made it.
We made it.
We made it.
Win your argument,
this will be palatable.
would be the understanding of the century.
So it won't be long now, sometime in the new year, okay?
Sometime, don't get too carried away, but sometime.
Here's Bokeh, hello.
Yeah, yes sir.
I just wanna say I'm all for the impeachment process.
Yeah.
The court's like the...
Chronic, yeah, chronic.
Okay, we have an open line in drawer one and date.
See, I don't care if you wanna see
your offer impeachment, that's fine,
but not chronic from Bokeh, please.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Palm Beach, hello.
Palm Beach.
Going once, Palm Beach is gone.
Okay, Palm Beach be gone.
We're down to a couple now, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
See, we got to the 100 grand mark, we're having a big...
Everything's going great.
You get to this crowd.
They don't like when things are going too well.
I've discovered that, it's taken me 100 years to figure it out.
When we really start rolling along, rocking and sucking,
that's when these people just jump.
They flee like there's a goddamn bombskear in Baghdad.
By the way, here's the old General Shelton up there.
What's he hockin' at China?
He's got the diagram more than 50 targets hit
in the first wave of attacks, and you ain't seeing,
he's singing, you ain't seeing nothing yet.
For a general, I think that's a little bit embarrassing,
but he's singing it, and he's meaning it.
Here's North Miami, hello.
Hello Neil, how are you today?
Okay, sir.
Yeah, I'm glad you've seen us along on Supercook.
Yeah, I'm glad you've seen us along on Supercook.
John, or whether you're glad he's no longer on.
Two open lines, a day two and Broward, 5'6'7'5'60.
We're not interested in old chronics from 100 years ago, okay?
I don't know who you are, but quite frankly,
does it really make a difference at this point?
Oh, no, go away.
Go away, sir. Go back to Mr. Ego.
Go back to Alice Rantel, move out the LA,
and listen to a K-A-B-C, and listen to the Alice Rantel show,
and hear what a self-hating thing really sounds like.
Get out of my face.
We're at 7'56, and it's not a shell at the Shagron.
Well, you said shell, Mr. Godd-Dammit.
What?
Huh?
By the way, some people are objecting vigorously
to you, projecting the impression that Chris Reed gets laid a lot.
Damn it!
Like who?
Like him?
No, he likes that impression.
Yeah, but other people are crying for it.
Like who? Who's that?
I don't want to mention Joe Castello by name,
but he says it's absolutely not true.
He's a desperate income.
Who Joe is desperate?
Oh, him too.
Yeah.
Well, Joe, you know, when we were at Shells a couple of weeks ago,
Joe was talking about the date that he had, like sometime next July.
Remember when he said he met that real nice-looking blonde,
and he had some, he had a written down in July.
I don't think it was next year.
I think it was like a Y2K problem.
Something like that.
Well, why should Joe have trouble getting laid,
just because he's got that Roman nose?
Joe is a good guy.
He looks kind of human, huh?
You got to be more than a good guy, don't you?
And Chris, I mean, Chris, uh, you know...
Chris has got a few bucks, okay?
All you ladies out there, Chevron station over there in Hellendale.
Hellendale Beach, full of R and U.S.1.
He's the nephew.
He's Greg Reed's nephew.
He's part of the family, baby.
He's got a few bucks laying around.
There you go.
Just walk up to Chris and say...
Long me 50 dollars.
And you'll be all set.
You'll be in like Flynn.
Or is it the other way around?
Two open lines in date.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0
0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0
0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0
0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0
0, 0, 0, 03, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0
of the major markets and as a result they look at the pirates it's a
Pittsburgh thing it happens it was regularity because it's a it's a small
market trying to be major market they're just not making it that has to be
one of the oldest stadiums to the syvacorena that's it's a lot of them don't
forget these four mario came along the penguins almost went bankrupt then they
almost had a move and leave town it came within a wister right okay that's
only got a lot of them okay good luck you pal and the marty struck is god he's
playing great blah tade Marty struck is playing the best hockey in his life and
too bad Doug McLean didn't like him we might still have him on the team here
god damn it 15 goals nice going Marty skating like the wind oh and by the way I
do want to say this which will make the organization happy this kid that they
brought up with those days named rat attack rat chuck this new defenseman
this could look great last night he's skating like the wind nice going there rat
attack look pretty good date county lines open 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T
wireless lines 109 a qa this is g Gordon Lydia and they don't come any worse than
Neil Rogers
we down in Jamaica in the car
of the
they got the best group that you ever
ask anybody in that table
for the work
you
do
ask
and
you can
do
right
smoke
smoke
oh we're fine
I want to give you a kiss
smoke
smoke
the
country
good
you
can
do
you
can
do
you
can
do
you
can
can
can
you
can
do
you
can
do
you
can
do
you
can
do
you
you
can
smoke
they
light
smoke
smoke
smoke
they
can
do
you
can
do
you
can
you
can
do
you
can
do
you
can
do
you
can
by waiting for more donations, waiting to sell more of our best of stuff, waiting to get
laid and whatever else my coolant over there.
Chevron Station on the northwest corner of US1 and Helen Deel Beach Boulevard.
So, if there anybody among those tworks that we have over the other building who is actually
getting laid every now and then, they just talk about it a lot.
Because I hear an awful lot of conversation all that never ending, nonstop about Geldie.
Geldie is like, I'm constantly here and how do you get laid when you have no equipment?
What?
Geldie is hung like a moose?
That's what I hear.
Well, now let me ask you, how would the people here know if Geldie is hung like a moose
unless they've seen it?
On a sports station and you're telling me that we have guys in this building who have
seen Geldie's penis?
Oh, I didn't say the guy's told me.
Well, I'll tell you, I'm restraining myself so desperately right now.
We have an open line at day 567, 0560 and 0560 on the AT&T Wireless Line.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Okay, thank you.
There's the awardee bird is doing it, hovering over it.
Here's the mobile and the LVB.
Hello.
Hey, Dale.
Yes, sir.
Well, I got to give you credit.
You sure did call I struck a thing a few years back.
Yeah.
You loved the guy and you were talking him up so much and he's turned out to be...
How could you not see it?
Every shift, every time you went out there on the ice, he was like making things happening.
He skates like the wind and the game too nice to go when he just barely beat Tampa Bay.
Yeah.
And then the game last night.
He's playing the best of his career right now.
He's making moves.
He picked Carciner's pocket last night with the score that goal.
And by the way, Carciner played a great game other than that last night for the first
time in a long time.
Nice going, Terry.
It's about time.
But I'm telling you, this kid is playing so great.
Yes.
Did you see Eddie Joke almost take Barnes's head off?
Yes.
He was not in the air.
That was a smart play by the way.
Nice going, special lead.
He was a good player.
He's a genius.
He's a rocket scientist.
Although I'll say this in all fairness, he was flying last night.
They all were.
They all played a pretty good game.
Including our buddy, Sean Burke.
Yeah, Sean played.
I tell you, once every six weeks, he'll play a game like that.
The rest of the time, he'll be able to get a second to join out.
But once every few weeks, when he least expected, he's capable of doing it, but he just
he just the one consistent.
He looked good.
He just looked quicker last night and more on top.
Yeah, he was great last time.
No, he was taking the other day.
He's been.
He's been.
He's been.
He's been.
He's been.
He's been.
He's been.
He's been.
Yes, all three show in there, Sean Burke, 1-0.
So what do you mean, what about Whitney, the waySuper Bowl?
That's what I thought it would be.
Perfect that what I was looking at, how could this be....
I thought I would get a dumb But还 looking forward to equal betting
Yes, well, I just wanted to Bay electrolyte to me what I thought to draw on every
I don't wanna play that good.
So seeing Jordan Burke looking hard.
Oh, I know.
The camera a lot harder than that.
Making the Noise SF Super Bowl ball like this because they were so good doing that.
Cause we did bunch of games.
not just the auger in barrens and struck up a big idea on tita up and they got
covalet who started fighting self-dare playing real good they got
tremendous offense but for their defense is really shaky
jokers bigger than i thought he was he's huge he is he could be the strongest
player in the league even stronger than lindross he's not as big as him but he is
as strong as an ox you see how he skates in on the goal i mean he's almost
unstoppable yeah and keep in mind they really weren't playing all i could last night
either yeah i agree i agree thanks they'll okay have a great day marty struck
at god we miss you marty look at that one we talked hockey for 20 seconds i
turned my mind as one call left in the board well excuse us okay excuse us how
about those leaves first time Phoenix given up five goals all year they
leased down to nothing the Phoenix at the end of one of maple leaves gardens
Pat Quinn takes him in the room at the end of the period says hey you forgot
guys these guys this team is in a western conference they said oh yeah we're
supposed to beat them and they did four goals in four minutes nice goal and
goalie's goal baby all these putt whackers down here all you got to do is
think how they leave after the second period like i said they don't give a
cramp 1036 1036 well what kind of time is that oh that's when we're dropping
more bombs 1036 well that's pretty damn whoo 1036 little marty huh nice lady came
by and dropped a hundred bucks thank you sweetheart let's see eight three it's
a hundred thousand three hundred and eighty two bucks we're gonna keep that
we're gonna keep gooseing that total up by in spider whatever's going on out
there open line and brow it all three and day they just dropped off the mat
just like bagdad's gonna do over the weekend they just dropped off the mat
five six seven oh five fifty five sixty on the AT&T wireless line
here's sport lauderdale hello Neil yes sir talk about hockey game last night uh-huh
uh-huh air bergale needs to go why is that he is sung every night you know the
national anthem well what do you mean by that same guy every well of course
I'm the most places have the same guy who sing that one with the line that's a
Miami ring that was great air and bergale is god i love her and bergale
at the Miami arena it was a different guy every now but the notes were the end
though he became the regular they were searching I mean what do you want you want
Richard Friedman back somebody knew I'm tired of we like her in bergale okay um
hand the patrol yeah they gotta go they must go right and uh thank uh and by the way they
still haven't picked the red lights we still can't see it from where we sit but I've just
given up at this point I don't care anymore here or else yeah thank god he was a healthy
scratch last night right and get red lights are concerned I don't give a sh** no I've just
given up they don't care about the fans so screw it right Chuck yeah good yeah and have it
I stay okay we have an open line that's rowered all three in day five six seven oh five 60
pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line yes ten eighty six and air and bergale is
win hyzing his cousin and I still like him I don't care if he's his cousin if he's
kissing cousin I don't care what he is he's good okay so he booked your double candidate a few
weeks ago when I was here last week he did a good job I like how could you look you people are so
fricking negative how could you be knocking the guy that thinks the national anthem and I will
confess that to not last night what was the game before that who the hell did we play uh what was
it but whatever it was I guess it was the Ottawa game and he sang the uh oh there's the American
national anthem he got like a off he was he was lost a little bit he needed a road map I like
here in bergale I don't care if he's his cousin if he's his nephew if he's his brother-in-law if
he's his sister-in-law I like here in bergale I think he does and it's good having the same
dry electric guy they had in Boston for years Renee what does they rank court and that Renee
like how do you whatever the hell his name was in Montreal it's been a frog that's been
there up there for two thousand years I like that instead of having some goofball come down there
that makes it into what ten minutes I hate those people you know they make the national anthem
into what ten minutes exercise and every note has got to be a long draw you know like a Jose
Feliciano thing although I did did like Jose Feliciano I love that that was good that was a
hundred years ago but it was good and he was saying oh they can you see and he said no
yeah that was bad when he started out and saying oh say can you see no but he still sang it good
here's pompano hello no yes sir how's it going great is it me yes or am I at least
things been around for a while that uh the Christian fish on the car oh it's been around for uh
not here's not there's not there's one where they have a big uh your filter fish they have a big
Christian fish that says truth on it yeah and swimming into the mouth of the big Christian fish
yeah smaller fish that says Darwin on it oh it's not cute oh yeah guy's got to prevent that we talk
science man in fact didn't they just find another uh a fossil here I think it was a hellendale they
found a fossil but truth it they just found another one that goes back 20 uh 20 years or whatever
the hell it is oh no the earth's only been here six thousand years right we believe you so for all
of the people that just another uh county plot all that science book rapids and atheists he's in plot
for all the non the sounds of the lambs fans I've got to start it up for you in the old mouth
yeah original oh great so if you'd like to hear that but as I as I leave you for the holidays I
could say one thing yes the exercise bike money it puts the lost in the casket hold on yeah
that's what the government of pumpkin shot how do you know anyway we're listening
okay could barely hear it but he did say it puts the lotion in the basket and he said boy this is the
pits yeah that's what Tony Fawkes said this is the pits and he still said it puts the lotion in the
basket open line and browned two and a five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18t wireless
line it's 125 if you am right god is that thing were you
go see go see talking on a board show trying to be my show your voice sounds just like a
second year old girl a little foretold show what else are you there for
you like a baby do these a little training like you understand you don't look like a
man it's been so yeah so yeah you don't be long there on the air and so
the those four can wait till your voice crack cause anyone who sounds like that should find
another job and they should only take you back when both your baby drops
okay okay when you're gonna grow up you make this want to grow up you silly squeaky
fool go do broadcasting school your fridge you better find thank you now time
huh yola my goalers powder
10Staff had a party what uh what a Godf Whitney
One season from me togelli really is the pacific
Turkey the mill Burle sport, and we're not just bluffing that's how we got the job
I think that's how you got the job.
Yeah, hung like a loose, huh?
Okay, we have two open lines in date, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, and pound 5, 60 on the AT&T
wireless line.
Maybe that's why neither BB ever dropped and he's got the high squeaky voice.
Maybe there just wasn't any room.
Okay, where we going?
Here's Pemberg Pine.
Hello?
Hey, how you doing, Neil?
Okay, sir.
I got to talk about early, you know, with the Christian fish.
How about for DNHB start putting the fish stick on there?
On the back of our cars.
Okay.
That sound good or no?
After we eat it or before?
Well, we can put maybe just the chocolate part because we don't need that.
That's too much for it.
Yeah, the fish we buy itself.
Okay.
Okay, first thing, I think it's fixed that down to scoreboard?
No, I mean, really, it is absolutely ridiculous.
I will say this because I'm trying desperately to enhance my enjoyment and pretend I'm enjoying
having a good time going there.
After they got it fixed in the second period, after the first two embarrassing penalties
where the penalty clock was working, after the second period, everything worked flawlessly
and they even last night got the outer town scores up there with great regularity and
the corners like they did for the first game or two and then they kind of forgot about
it.
And that was great.
I mean, how difficult is that to do?
That was dynamite.
Uh-huh.
Well, you know what, you know, especially seeing the Leafs pulling away from Phoenix was
great.
Well, you know what I believe was that, you know, I go to the Sonic games and there's
no problem with the scoreboard at all.
Yeah.
I mean, nothing whatsoever.
I don't know.
I think it's the director of operations at the hockey games.
I think there is the chigger in the wood pile.
I think it really is.
Yeah.
Anyway.
So, uh, yeah, good game.
I was thinking except for the scoreboard part and one request.
Yes, sir.
Can you play?
I don't know.
You might have played it earlier.
Can you play that bomb or rack on?
The one?
Uh, the bomb or rack with a however that you play that.
Sure.
Sure.
I won't be the very early.
We'll play it again.
Okay.
Thank you.
And again and again.
I'll keep dropping it on you.
Okay.
We have an open line in Broward to and Dave.
Dave County kind of like faded away after we found out that we couldn't raise any money
in Dave.
No, seriously.
We've had to move primarily in Dave County.
Although, we'll admit that there was a yesterday where it's a pizza loft thing there.
In Davey, behind the pure one imports and absolutely a big, even the Iraqis haven't
seen a bomb like that recently.
So, we've had a move around here because we have pockets of audience.
Okay.
We got a little pocket over here, a little pocket over there.
And the rest of the people are hands are in their pockets and they're feeling the
chain.
But if they're not listening to this show or they're just not going to help us out.
They may be listening, but they're a bunch of cheap assets.
Even in a hellendale for crime, I love.
We've got 1146 bucks for a grand total of $100,000, $425.
All I can say is, thank you all very much.
You've been great.
We really, this thing just took off like wildfire the last week.
Didn't that thing take off?
Just shockingly.
Here's Davey.
Hello.
Hey, I'm going to be Channuka.
And back to you.
You know, somebody must be trying to drive as crazy putting Geldy on the radio.
I mean, just having to listen to that.
Oh, Disney character boy.
I just can't take it.
It's unbelievable.
It is.
The voice is bad enough, but the ass-stucking, torpy, uh, verbiage that comes out of it, that
only magnifies it like 10 million times.
You look totally different than I thought he would.
I saw him on one of those hamper pre-game things on TV.
Yeah.
Like that I watched one.
He looks like a punk, you know, just like an ordinary punk.
I know what you mean.
Right.
You know, how about with the very large penis?
Oh, unbelievable.
You were talking about the names.
Gettiel is pretty, pretty high up on that list.
Uh-huh.
And then there was another guy on the same.
His name is La Roy L.A.
A postrophe ROI.
Well, the apostrophe, I like that.
That's a touch of class when you be putting apostrophe in it.
The La Roy Leroy is La Roy.
Yeah.
How about that one?
And, uh, you know, I think-
And then there's just plain-
Roar.
Don't forget him.
Plano La Roy.
Right.
I thought, um, I was thinking, you know, if- if Clinton was a Republican, I think the
Democrats would be doing the same thing.
I mean, it's just- it's just a game.
And, uh, they- they just go back and forth.
Mm-hmm.
And, um, did anybody-
But I- but I think you're missing the point.
That is that the Republican Party has now been taken over by right-wing radical lunatic
fanatical phony Christian holier than, uh, bow people.
That's the reason this is going on.
You don't think the Republican Party is going a little more moderate?
Really?
The Republican Party is going moderate?
Oh my God.
You got to be- oh, it's uses.
Just a little bit.
I'll be doing magic mushrooms.
You got it.
You got to be hanging around with the-
Roar.
I'm going to punch you something.
And, wow.
You might be inhaling somebody else's bad weed.
Ha-ha-ha.
No, I used to.
I don't- I don't do that anymore, but yeah.
Yeah.
Just a good stuff now.
Anybody- what in trials run an exercise bike?
Well, that's where they found it.
Well, that's where they found it.
It was- the next two was exercise bike.
He was working it out.
Did they check the speed dial for Buddy McCabe's fingerprint phone?
Yeah, he did.
It's on there, but too late.
The road to show it.
Buddy, so stupid.
He waited until after the election.
He was supposed to do it before the election, buddy.
Oh, ho, ho, ho.
He told him, yeah.
Yeah, we love you and watch out for the tech of the Marco.
OK, have a great life.
Whoever that is.
OK, we have an open line in Broward to and date.
56670560 and 0560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Oh, Terry DeMarco, I'm guiding light,
is Annie, by the way.
Detective DeMarco, that's right.
I forgot all about her.
She's Annie, she's this, she's that, and Josh,
she's like, boy, a whim.
All the guys on that show, every one of them is a whim.
Part is a whim.
Josh has been turned into a whim, just with shaving lotion,
blah, blah, you're a whim, you know?
Watch her pussy's on that show.
Here's a mobile in for Lauderdale.
Hello?
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Uh, that is talking about a bumper sticker, reminding me of one.
I was coming up, uh, not Hill or Doge on the other day.
Right.
I've got a bumper sticker that impeached Nixon with a,
like a circle around his head with an expert, you know?
Yeah.
And it says proud member of the new right wing conspiracy.
Impete Nixon or impeached Clinton?
Oh, Clinton.
Yeah.
I'm stuck in the 60s.
70s.
Yeah.
70s.
Part of the new right wing conspiracy?
Yeah.
I wonder what the hell that is.
Probably right next to Little Swastika on there would have been the best clue.
OK, we have been open line of day to enbroured 400 and Palm Beach, 272 and four Myers.
516.
Yeah.
And he wants you to plug the location somewhere.
I got news for you.
Plug this.
OK, go plug your, uh, Jesus.
Talk about pussy.
We got 100,445 bucks in the nephew over there wants us to plug it.
US one in Hallendale Beach Boulevard.
The Chevron station right on the corner there.
The Northwest corner in Hallendale and Hallendale.
I think it's a major miracle we did this well in Hallendale.
I say it's one of the great several wonders of the world.
The world where they ever jages death plus 37 that we're doing so great in Hallendale.
So just ease off a little bit.
OK, Chris, just relax.
Take a chill.
Get some good weed.
Relax.
Sit back.
Just call Sonny Rosenberg.
He's got the good stuff.
22 till 2 at 5.
60 WQ and I have to stop right now.
No, I don't have a lot more than those.
They say they're weapons.
The master's drugs.
I'm actually recently a couple
of mega-times.
Bomber Rock.
Uh-huh.
In the Gulf War, many awful things.
I think it's time to give us butterwood.
So it's time to throw those people on the bomb you're on.
Yeah.
Bomber Rock.
Till there's nothing left to see.
Bomber Rock.
Till 7.60.
Bomber Rock.
Blow up the cream.
Bomber Rock.
Um.
And there's lies the actor andBy the fucking Woodpecker.
That isn't My second prop.
If we learn the fear, we call it各位けれs.
But just go for the job.
I'm here, I'm bringing to an end I'm here, I'm here, I'm here, I'm here, I'm here, I'm
here, oh it came to come, allure?
145 at 5.50 wc I'm one of the most anxious factions in history in my hand right now. See some
people just don't get the message, why did we win though, you're a hockey game last night,
why did we play so well, because Andy from Hollywood stayed the hell away for me anyway.
So here's the fact not leave will not want to leave well enough alone
Here's the fact that says as you know, I did not come down to see you yesterday. I do know that
I was saying to myself. Yeah, I'm having a good time already
My girlfriend Cynthia did not want to go down because she is now scared
I think what he's trying to say is Cynthia's got more common sense than he does which goes without saying
We would like to come down and give you a gift. Can we Andy and Hollywood?
P.S. I still love you. Well, how can I simply address that can we no? Yeah, I think that takes care of it
Can we come in the no see you and oh talk to you? No, can we give you a no?
Would you like to see it? No, I'll talk to Cynthia
I'm no problem with Cynthia because she's not a pain in the ass. She doesn't bother me
She's not a pest. She doesn't send me stupid idiotic faces only one time
So the answer very simply Andy is no way Jose
God
One again last night because he stayed the hell away. That's the lucky the unlucky charm
5 6 7 0 5 60 palm 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line
We're watching the night scope image. They're still traffic over there in Baghdad God damn it
There's still a lot of heads driving around which we're not too happy about that. You notice this time they left all the electricity on
Because they don't want the hospitals you know all those excuses they don't want the electricity in the baby milk factory
Going out to that you know Peter our netchie go over there and start crying for all the commonistas. What is it 1246?
Well, so what's he complaining about for Christ's sake 100,000 545?
We're kicking ass in hell and they'll baby
What a shock that is you could just shake me with a feathered us to right off this chair right now
Raising some serious bucks in hell and they'll after we failed where where did we start today at some bum four place some
Grotesque place that he's on North Miami Beach. I told him it's a game last night. I said forget North Miami Beach
It's not there anymore. It doesn't exist anymore Chris
Yeah, I thought you had something important you were looking at there that you were gonna show it's amusing
What is it can you read it from here? It says Peter Bulger is a bumper sticker
Nazi
Well, why did I why didn't I have to say bumper sticker in there?
Peter Bulger who looks just like that torped from the congressman from Florida the one with the glasses in the bald head
Oh, God every time I see him I get pains in my back. I get sharp knifeing pains in my back
Here's Miami Lake. Hello. Hey me. How are you okay, sir?
Just wanted to mention to you that
my
Office staff along with myself are really impressed with all the work you have done with center one and I took
The time to make a collection around my company and we would like to make a donation
You know center one and I would like to have it, you know
The address of what can I send it in every hand? I'm George will I give it to you in the address to
By the way, I forgot to mention this today when he will broadcast Marlon's game
Poor channel 33 days to have the heat and even though there isn't any basketball season
Did they have the heat anymore? Oh when a desperate to find something to put on there the mic in the audience be five the match and
Kpatha USA and the some other old stupid reruns like the monsters
Wami will broadcast Marlon's games another big winner know that
Broadcast 50 to 55 Marlon's games per season in association with sports channel of course the broadcast the other games
Does anybody care about either situation? No, of course not
There you go. They're given in the Wandys so channel 33 I guess all they're left with are those what is it?
UPN whatever whichever one I warner brothers. I can't figure it out because there are a bunch of old
Stappy reruns
bunch of those syndicated sitcoms and stupid idiotic little kid shows and basically that's it
It's a nice going there very dealer and manipulation. They got the Marlins on there good
Here's Oakland Park hello
Hey, how you doing okay, sir? You're talking about I just turned it tuned in your sir
Are you talking about bad names terrible names? That's one of the many many things that we were trying to solve
I have a friend his name is Malik and
And Malik pretty big Malik. Yeah, my name is still
It's why still he's what still it's still it he's telling that you'll never sell it
P.H.Y.L. No, no see your name pronouncing is right is S.Y.L.E
S.Y.L.E. right style no
Style still okay, see in a wild style
Okay, we have an open line and he thinks his name is a still but it's style
Huh 5 6 7 0 5 60 0 5 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line
Here's a mobile in deer field beach hello sounds like style to me. Uh-huh. I
Got story for you. I was listening to you the other day when you were first talking about these names
When it reminded me of something I was up there and both at the public side on 441 in grade
Yeah, and
Sitting in there walking down one of the owls. This woman in this you get a three-year-old child with her
approximately three years old and
I hear you'll have to shout like Boka get over here
You're naming your daughter mouth
Maybe out clear. No, seriously. Her name was Boka. Her name was Boka. Well, Jesus. What if she would have grown up in canada
Gua I don't know I don't know whether
Pretend she's a predator maybe a little both. Uh-huh
What if you got her grown up in whole Bokeh and what were they called her hobo? Hey, don't call me a hobo hobo
Boka can you believe that?
This is the point. I'm trying to make. I mean your name is whatever your parents are stuck with okay
But what's wrong with these parents and it goes to show you like I've said before forced sterilization man
I hope the only hope for the future of America forced sterilization
We have dumb people make and make in babies and then naming those poor babies names that's gonna make them neurotic
Even if they had a chance to begin with to be like functioning living and breathing human beings now that they have any chance
No, none
Because they're gonna go through their entire lives with these horrendous hangups and complexes about their idiotic names
Which I threw that thing in the waist basket and we know here it is
I mean what a bunch of it here's a Diana and
Starlishia. How you doing scarlishia and
Tamikia my favorite though is Laquicia
How about Dr. Pecker a pepper when that be good? Hey doc. How about if your last name was pepper
How about doc? Oh, it's the doctor
It's just a very sad thing because they're only they don't consider the consequences
Mary John Jose
One Tom Ped that's it
Don't you think in fact, I think what we ought to have instead of people changing their names to these Tony
Muslim names and all these other phony baloney names like Neil Rogers. I mean come up with like let's go the other direction
Let's have to Tawaneca
Whatever how Schwartz change her name back to Sally Smith. That would be great
I would say thank you
Thank you God bless you
For at least have it a name that we can pronounce we don't have to spend like a half of our time together
fingering out what your name be
Much less figuring out how to how to how to you be spelling it
Eight minutes to in fact how much does anybody have a chance of learning how to spell if I can't even spell our guy name right?
No, eight minutes till two or five 60 WQM or
