Sports Radio 560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers Show.
Detokton Neil called 567 0560 toll free for date and rarer or pound 560 on your cell phone.
The opinions of Neil, his guests, callers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM,
easily read acquisitions or the Beasley broadcast group.
Now, Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560 QAM.
Barricade, f***ing blow!
The holiday season.
Everyone loves Christmas Carols, but until now, no one has ever written holidays.
What is that?
That's another big holiday.
What is that?
Wait a minute, one moment please.
Are we back into this again?
It's December the 7th, a day that'll live in infamy?
Well, what is that?
What have we got going on?
You may want to turn your monitor down so you don't freak out.
That's what was happening during my very first show.
What do you mean?
This is what we were getting.
What do you mean, freak myself out?
In other words, it's not on the ear like that?
Sure it is.
What do you think?
It's just coming back to us like that in the monitors.
Yeah.
And what?
Oh my god.
Oh, there it goes.
No, my eyes just come to the other side.
I'll just shut it off.
I'm not going to shut it off.
What about the overhead?
No, there it is.
We still got the overhead.
Oh, so anyway, happy a new year.
So what the hell is going on here for crying out loud?
What is going on technically?
Every time you come in here on a Monday after some psychotic weekend,
you sit down, you're getting ready to do a show,
and you come on and hello, but I mean,
but it's all kinds of crap going on.
The holiday season.
Everyone loves Christmas Carol.
But until now, no one has ever written holiday songs about that other big holiday this time of year.
That's right.
I said, I'm still now.
Introducing Panicked Carol's on PD.
Carly Carly is always like it's mess mess.
It's ain't something new.
It's not easy to do this now.
It's been your last words.
Panicked Carol's on PD.
Seems like a cradle as it gives you hours and hours of holiday music to get you into the other spirit of the season.
On the day of Panicked, my mother takes away a pound of chocolate with a seven slabs of cornpeach.
And takes a lot of slime in here, the hills.
If you're tired of the old traditional song of the holidays,
here's the whole new tradition you'll get tired of almost before you know it.
You better buy tips.
Against them on sale.
You know how we thank you, baby.
Panicked Carol's on PD.
Panicked Carol's on PD.
It's the holiday collection.
We just can't pass over.
Hello to it, 560 WQM.
So what's the story?
What was that all about?
We don't know what we figured out.
We'll figure it out.
So happy holidays for me.
You're technically incompetent friends at 560 WQAM.
So I would thank our friends at shells for letting us come there on Saturday in Pemberpines.
And what did we raise?
About 1,100 bucks.
Plus they donated 10% of all the money from the appetizers that they sold all day on Saturday.
And if our friend Carol was on the ball on the stick,
we'd have some numbers right now.
We'd let you know what's going on.
And I'm especially anxious to do that.
Even more so than usual.
In light of the beautiful, brilliant column in Saturday's Sonskum Sentinel by my close personal friend, Buddy Nevens.
Okay. You know one thing about Buddy Nevens, you could say 10 years ago, you could say it yesterday,
you could say a week ago, Stuckest, he's an asshole.
That's right.
And it would always be true no matter when you set it.
And the fact that you're finally out of the closet, buddy, congratulations to your sweetheart.
He's finally out of the closet.
A guy who used to call me years ago to try to suck information out of me for stories, for phony, baloney stories he was writing.
And then a guy who like writes an article a couple of years ago, well Neel Rogers is not the voting roles.
He hasn't voted in years, which of course I've told you I haven't voted in years.
But anything to try to make me look bad, okay?
And then of course this is the guy who was famous years ago for the radio pedophile ring,
which didn't just get into his own little stupid column in the Sonskum Sentinel,
but made the front pages of a major newspaper.
Was there any such scandal?
Did we ever get any names?
No.
Any information?
No.
Any details?
No.
Like I said at the time, fantasy, hocus, poucus.
And Saturday he starts out his column by saying, come on, let's give Heizanga a break for a baby.
Forget about the Marlins, says Buddy Nevens, forget the stalled price of the Republican District stock.
Broward County owes billionaire H. Wayne Hypinga a debt of gratitude.
Without Heizanga who is selling the Marlins and owns Republic, the County wouldn't have a 200-bed shoulder for the homeless.
Heizanga reached in his pocket and donated a million dollars toward construction of the $9.4 million shoulder.
He coaxed his friends to kick in millions more.
He has even pledged an extra million dollars toward construction of a second-shelter in North Broward.
Critics, the corrosive radio host Neel Rogers is one, can't say anything nice about Hypinga.
They say a million dollars to Heizanga is like a hundred dollars to the average person.
But Heizanga's gift has even impressed others in the hundred million dollar plus crowd, says developer Ron Bergeron
when a guy reaches in his pocket and pulls out a million dollars, it's something big.
I don't care how much he has.
Will the unfortunate two panhandle the exit of I-95 suddenly disappear? No.
A percentage won't give up their booze and their crack.
They like it better on the streets, says Buddy Nevens.
But thanks to Heizanga, those who want help can get some.
It's an example of a private public partnership that works. End of quote.
In spite of the corrosive radio tacos, Neel Rogers.
Now if interesting what the topic is here, okay, it's about the homeless.
How many years long before anybody in this town ever heard of Wayne Hypinga,
how many years was that raising money for Kamilas House and homeless, going back to INZ, Zeta, IOD?
How many years? And it probably raised over a million dollars for the homeless.
Now I didn't reach into my own pocket because I didn't have it.
I did reach into my own pocket and give out five or ten thousand dollars here of year
and also raised hundreds of thousands from our listening audience.
Did Buddy Nevens ever write a word about that?
No. Did anybody in the Sunset and the Liberated Word about that?
No. See, I don't do these charity things every year for brownie points
because if I would be doing that, I would have given up on it a long time ago.
Just like that great piece on Channel 10 with Diane Magnam.
You know, when they do the piece on Futey from Y100, showing what a great guy he is,
oh, he's speaking, you know, he had a drug habit years ago and he goes and speaks to these kids who've got drug problems.
That's great. That's wonderful, okay?
I never had a drug habit. I didn't have a booze problem,
so I can't go and talk to alcoholics or drug addicts.
So I try to find a charity that I can raise money for that I believe in, okay?
Did Diane Magnam mention anything about our Center One campaign in that piece on Channel 10?
No. Did anybody say on that piece, oh, by the way, you can go to Borders
and pick up your best of Neal and the money goes to Center One, a real great charity.
No. And it no.
So that's why ordinarily I would read this thing and I would just say to myself,
oh, there's my good friend Buddy Nevens again, take a little bit of a shot.
But after I read it a second time and a turn and a fourth,
I said to myself, here we go again, another newspaper asshole in this town.
And you know something, if we did have some help and we sent out our, I believe it or not,
as hard as it is to believe, they sent out press releases to the media about how much we've raised so far
and about the Center One campaign and about you can pick up the best of Neal at Borders and Yada Yada Yada
and what we're doing are appearances.
They sent out those press releases.
Do they ever make it in the newspaper or on TV?
No.
Is there any one person that's God damn town, out of radio, on television, on other than the station,
of course, in the newspapers that has one word of promotion or thanks or gratitude,
or anything positive to say about the money we raised for charity,
including all that money we raised for the homeless.
No.
But Wayne Hippingu, see I'm going to tell you something right now.
When you've got a billion dollars, I don't care who you are,
you give a lot of money to charity.
And then they build statues and monuments to you and they puff up your ego and they write big stories in the newspapers
because the number one is to tax break and number two, it's a good public relations.
And maybe Wayne does care about the God damn homeless.
I don't know.
I've never seen the command more than 100 yards away in my life.
Maybe he does.
If so, more power to him.
And then of course, buddy's got to put this stupid, stupid thing in it.
While a percentage of the homeless won't give up their booze or their crack.
They like it better in the street.
That old bull crap, you know, about how so many of the homeless people are out there because they want to be.
You're talking about maybe a few insane people, okay?
People who are mentally ill who need to be dragged off the streets.
You're talking about a handful of people.
But buddy Nivens is an expert on the homeless and he's such an expert that he doesn't remember that we ever raised penny one.
Penny one, dime one for Camilla South and the homeless in Dade County.
You can give all the credit you want to Wayne and we can cry and wail that he's so abused.
You so put him up at least you guys are putting in the God damn paper all the money he's raising, okay?
And peeing on his leg all over the God damn place and fight of the fact that he screwed the sports fans in his town something fierce.
That everybody knows and rips them off and rapes them.
And it's part of the fact that he made his fortune by squeezing all kinds of little guys in a garbage business and in the video business.
Just squeezing them out of business.
No, we don't want to hear about those things because you never still afraid train, not yet.
Maybe when he figures out how to do that, he'll be doing that next.
But this is what this is the kind of assistance you get in the media in this town.
When you try to do something curitable, okay?
Instead of somebody putting in there, oh well, you know, near Rogers at WQM is raising all kinds of money for Senator Warner for Camilla South or whatever it is.
And here's how you can help. It's that it doing that. Here's another God damn shot, which I'm used to by now.
But you're full of crap, but in Evans, you're just another little league asshole.
You fit it perfectly over there at that newspaper, okay? You fit in like a rubber glove.
Corrosive radio host who's only raised, I guarantee you we raised well over a million dollars for these charities in the last dozen years.
And donating not only the cash that I donate out of my pocket, which proportionally, by the way, since I don't have a billion dollars, is probably right up there with weighing proportionally to what I'm worth.
And all the time that I donate, like you've given away my weekends, like I did again here on Saturday, half a dozen, eight, nine, ten times every year.
Not one single word in one newspaper in this town in all those years. Not one thinking word.
So thank you, buddy, Evans. And thanks to the Sun Sentinel for your tremendous assistance and help on our center one campaign.
Okay? And blow it out your ass, buddy. Pull.
Ten minutes after 10 at 5.50, WQA, where do you go when you're feeling lucky? Hollywood Seminole Gaming, which brings to mind two words, cash and excitement.
Hollywood Seminole Gaming's got 550 gaming machines, which pay off big time, including a special bank of machines, with jackpots starting in a hundred grand, going as high as 389 grand.
Hollywood Seminole Gaming offers all the great poker action. Seven cards stud. Omaha, Hilo, Texas, Holdem, Seminole 2, 3, 4, as well as Wiggly poker tournaments and daily in the tournaments, the lock-ins of buy-ins and rebives for the experienced player or the novice.
Play Hollywood Seminole Gaming's four daily sessions of I-Stakes Bingo, 11.15 in the morning, 3.7.15, 10.45 in the PM.
Don't forget the Hollywood Seminole Gaming Miami Duffin. Goal rush is still going strong. Registered by filling out an entry form.
You can also get a list of this week's Duffin Game here on QAM. And you could take home this week's jackpot of 5,250 bucks.
It's all waiting on you at Hollywood Seminole Gaming on the corner, 440, and Sterling Road open. Whenever you're in the mood, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.
Tons of free parking, even Valley Parking, waiting on you too.
Shop-Foot is most exciting place to hit the big jackpot. It's Hollywood Seminole Gaming.
This is 5.60, QAM. Where did you find it?
You can see the tablet, right where you got it.
Sports Radio 560, QAM. What a show. What an embarrassment.
He's just like Hitler and Abe O'Brien. What's that? He's pounding on.
He's just like Hitler and Abe O'Brien.
He's just like Hitler and Abe O'Brien.
He's just like Hitler and Abe O'Brien.
He only thinks there is lots of fame in Crossroads. Right away.
That's 17 and 560, WNQ. Here's our good applause on Nick from Arthur Gargoyne, Tanner. How you doing, Nick?
Hey, Neil, how are you?
I just want to bring up your attention. I keep getting these letters from this Florida Family Association. Do you know who they are?
Yes. I mean, it's incredible. I've called the guy David Canton, the president.
I'm looking for a plug or anything, but I mean, this is almost harassing.
And basically now he's saying, well, you're a leading advertiser in a neo-Rodger show.
So we're going to write every company around the United States or in the state of Florida and let people know that you're advertising what a bad guy you are.
Even though we might be different, everybody's different what they believe.
It's our first and then the right to be different and I respect you. And I'm sure you respect me if we are different.
I mean, it's just, it's just a point where it's almost harassing. I get a letter from these people every week about you and you.
And you know something that gets with all due respect is very easy when you consider the source and you put the letters in a circular file where they belong and just ignore them because they've been doing this for years and years and years.
They've got a small handful of misfits. They like to represent themselves as some big organization that's got thousands and thousands of members.
You can fit in a broom closet and you're back in one of your cooling drying rooms back there. You can fit their whole organization and have room for the Chinese Army left over.
All right. So I really wouldn't pay that much attention to them.
Okay. I was just wondering about it. I wouldn't dignify them with that much of a response.
I think it seems it's almost harassing and I don't think it's good for for Nick cigar company or for you guys.
But I mean, if you think that if they're about like that, I'll just discard it. But I mean, it's almost harassed.
All I know is we got more commercials on this radio show that you shake a cigar at you shake a panatella at.
I mean, we're just loaded with spots including yours and there isn't anybody paying any attention to them. So don't lose any sleep over them.
I won't. No. Okay, Nick. Thanks a lot. Have a great one. Take care. You too. Bye-bye.
You had the American Fandy F. I'm sorry. The Florida Family Association because they're no longer associated with the American Family Association because maybe they don't have enough members and they went bankrupt and whatever else.
Okay. Wouldn't really lose any sleep over them or buddy nevans by the way.
See one consistent thing in this town and that is if you tell it like it is and if you criticize the media, they're not going to give it, which is fine with me.
Okay. I'll raise whatever money I can do. I'll do the best I can without funny nevans assistance without the assistance of the Miami Hero, the scum Sentinel.
I can, you know, all these years I've managed somehow to raise plenty of money without your help. This year we could use some help because by frankly, it's going really slow.
I have no idea what we've got at this point, probably around 75 grand and today is the 7th of December. We got three weeks to go.
And the reason I set a goal originally for Sentinel on this year of 200 grand, you always set a goal that's high. I mean any fundraiser, you always set a goal that's high and you're, you know, probably not going to retain it.
But I did that because we weren't on the year last year and we didn't have a fundraiser and we had two volumes this year, which are both great.
Two CDs and two cassettes. And I'll touch you. We ought to raise a lot more than usual because we didn't have anything to penalty these bastards last year.
And man, oh, man, it's like pulling teeth pulling teeth.
Borders all over town, point and beach, Fort Lauderdale, Kendall, amateur, a crawl springs, coconut grove, bulk of plantations.
You can walk right in there. Where's your best anneal? You take a look at the stuff that's on the back, which one you want or maybe both.
And the thing that really gets to me when you stop and think about this 75,000 may sound like a lot of money with almost a month to go.
But the fact is when you take out the cash, including my donation and the people at the station and other people I know and another gentleman brought me Chris.
Thank you, by the way, brought me a hundred dollar check a docky game.
Sarah, tonight, thank you very much. When you take that out, maybe we got about 60 grand left that we've raised.
And then of course, you come to you stop and think of it. All the people that have shown up at these appearances like Saturday at Shells and they bring up a handful of cassettes or CDs, usually CDs.
So there are people who are buying three and four and five. You follow what I'm saying. So when you narrow it down and do the arithmetic on it, the number of people who are actually interested in any of the stuff that we've got or interested in helping us out is minimal.
If embarrassing is what it is, it's embarrassing to me.
Here's our updated total. This is I speak. I was pretty close. Good guess, Neil. Thank you. 75,259 bucks. And today is the 7th of December.
Although we still have some stories from last week to report in from a kindle of intro grove, vocal plantation, from borders. So maybe we're getting up closer to 80 grand.
But I'll give you I'm going to tell you something. We're going to raise a hundred thousand dollars for center one by the end of this month this year.
If I have to get on my hands and knees, if I have to go down to the Sun Sentinel building and act like some homeless leper on a street corner and get a tin cup or a can or something. If I have to go out there, raise it myself.
Because it's inexcusable in a town of this size on a show with an audience to this size, including the TV show, which I noticed last week they had me pitching for this one night on that thing, which they could be doing a lot more to help suit by the way over there on whammy.
Yeah, I know. Excuse me. I'm getting emotional. I'm getting carried away.
But it just really, you know, again, I'm not looking for gratitude and I'm not looking for anybody to kiss my ass, but to go out of your way to take a shot at me because I despise Wayne, I pinga and I tell it like it is not the only one I've been doing it longer in anybody in this town. I exposed him for what he is.
Okay. A fake or in a shardin and a money grabber and a user.
So to have to go out of the way to like take a shot, but he never in the little puts you at it. By the way, we're still waiting to hear the details of your radio pedophile ring from 10 years ago.
That you fantasize that you must have some kind of a psychotic neurotic dream one night, some kind of a nightmare.
And by the way, buddy, how much have you given to help the homeless? That's what I think. Why let's see that in the newspaper tomorrow.
How much money have you raised with your newspaper and your column over there? How much money have you raised to help get the homeless people off the streets?
Or to help any other worthwhile charity? How much have you raised, buddy?
Inquiring minds would like to know, sitting in your little ivory tower over there with your bullcrab.
Like I said, we're going to get to the 100 grand total if it's a last goddamn thing I do, which means we got probably over 20 grand raised in three weeks.
Can we do it? Who knows? We're going to do it.
You can call center one at 954-563-3600 and order your best of the CDs and cassettes.
563-3600 or you can hop right on our website on neo-ranges.com in order right over the internet.
neo-ranges.com. It's right there. Eric's done a great job up in Orlando putting that website together. All the information he is right there.
But man, it is raising money in this town like squeezing blood out of a turnip. It's almost impossible. It is difficult and gets more difficult each year or each year goes by.
The small handful are really good people out there that dig into their pockets and they come up with a cash.
Including a lot of people by the way who aren't loaded with all kinds of money.
But the 95% of the audience that we can't get to for a dime, that's the sad part. That's the tough part.
Trying to reach to them. It's not like we're asking for something for nothing. Go out there and get yourself a CD that's loaded with all kinds of great stuff on it for 20 bucks.
In all these experts, you know, it's interesting how many experts we've got in this building who've never been involved in this kind of a campaign before.
I'll tell them, you know, as usual, you're overreacting, getting all worked up. It's the holidays now.
You know, we started out with gigantic because it just makes common sense. When a merchandise first comes out, there's a huge rush and a tremendous percentage of the people who want it, they go out and they buy it.
And then it's kind of like the law of diminishing return as time goes on toward the end of any fundraising campaign.
It's not like, well, everybody's out shopping now. So they're going to be rushing out there to buy the best of the meal stuff because it's the shopping season and it's the holidays.
And of course, what a spectacular job by our sales department, our sales manager, especially in all those major malls, tremendous job getting us in those major malls.
Our last appearance, by the way, will be in two weeks, Saturday, December 19th at the borders and plantation between noon and two, which is where about 80% of our audiences out there in West Broward.
Here's a call from Los Angeles. Hello.
Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. How's it going?
OK, I just want to say that I'm not even working right now and I still scrape some money to get your CDs. How about that?
Thank you so much. Very welcome. Calling from Los Angeles sucks out here.
Yeah. So all those people that belly ache about South Florida and they want to move here tell them who wants to move out there. Why don't help with anybody want to move there?
Well, I thought it was better out here than I was here for a year and I just shook my brain.
No, it used to be better out there. OK, thank you, pal. Have a great day. Oh, God.
OK, thanks for the help of the CD pal, but get a life. He's not a work, but he's making little. He's got a little sound effect thing. That's a good idea, by the way.
Those key chains. Key chains with little buttons on them, one of which would say no.
Another one might say back to another one might say, yeah, cute stuff like that. Another one might say, OK, you know, anybody out there make those and know where we get those.
That's a real great course. That might be a promotion item. We don't want to have too many around here. Do we want to get carried away now?
You're losing your perspective, Neil. You're losing your grasp on reality.
1026 at 560 WQA. I'm going to come to gift giving. We're always told it's the thought that counts, right? But isn't it the taste that really matters?
At least when you're talking food, we're talking about how long they gift certificates from hops restaurant bar and brewery. And right now, get a free $20 certificate every time you buy $100 and gift certificates.
Big company, small companies, families and friends, everyone is saving money with hops special holiday offer and hops gift certificates are available in 10, 25 and $50 denominations from fresh seafood and pasta to choice brew master's steak and delicious chicken dishes to hops original handcrafted micro brew beers.
Everything is made fresh from scratch holiday gift certificates from hops because it's the taste that it really matters not to mention a great free $20 bonus offer to head to hops during
Cora Springs, Boyton Beach Stewart, Palmetto Beach, West Palm Beach, Plantation, Pembroke Pines and the Falls, Kendall, happy holidays from our friends at hops America's original micro brewery restaurant.
This is 560 QAF. It's the dolphins and jet.
The showdown at the pro Sunday eye countdown to kick off starts it for the games at 820 with Bill's difference in
Mandage making the call on sports radio 560 QAF.
Just in time for the holidays the record offer you've always feared it's Christmas with Cal Boydick.
Oh there's no little toe down on that roll.
Yes that's warm, Terevo, I'm on party.
Cal Boydick, Christmas Hitler includes countless songs you'd love to work in.
Looks like a strange act of this must for me.
We're not a credit card crazy, ain't you see?
You'll barely tolerate these tunes from the Umbre who sold fewer records than the Cal Sue.
The DeFranco family and Bobby Goesboro Christmas travesties like the fuel truck song.
Well that's no common down.
May that few trucks spin around.
They're using it for the game.
There's nothing like the yellow snow cone when you're only five years old.
So take a little joy on your holidays.
Call now for Cal Boydick's Christmas hitings.
Let's set aboard it with the X in your X-mas.
All right.
What is it? 130? God the time is flying by 10.30 at 5.50 WQAM.
I'm going to do something that I haven't done which I probably should have done back in the beginning of October when we started this year's Center One fundraiser.
And that is give out the address here.
Because unfortunately the other joint at least though you didn't have to have a street address it was very simple.
And we used to get checks in the mail, especially when we did Camilla's house.
But if you want to send us a check for 10 bucks or 50 bucks or 100 bucks or 5 bucks, whatever you can afford for Center One.
And help us get to that 100 grand by the end of this month which believe me it's going to be a major miracle.
It's going to be difficult to do it. But I've just made my goddamn mind up.
Just make the check out the Center One two words. Center one for whatever amount and mail it to Neo Rogers WQAM.
20295 Northwest Second Avenue Miami in the zip is 33169.
It's not an easy address. That's the problem. Neo Rogers WQAM 20295 Northwest Second Avenue Miami in the zip is 33169.
And I'm talking about people who aren't you know not interested in CDs or because that people are just want to help us out and write a donation for whatever they can afford.
Because we ought to be sitting up. You know we got that envelope the other day and I got all excited and I thought she somebody actually sent me a check and they did but was that a cap on which I think and profusely that's great.
But in other words it was somebody within the radio station not somebody in the audience.
Have we gotten any checks in the mail from anybody in the audience this no no.
Like I said it's partly my fault probably because I haven't been getting that address. If I've been given the address out every day we probably be inundated with no with sure we would wouldn't we be in a good while like a trickling.
And I'm sitting here and I'm looking at volume one I mean volume two was like a little x rated and got me a thing all kinds of four letter words and some nothing nothing a sense with on volume two everything unexpergated in the original on cut versions.
But I'm looking at volume one and the stuff that's on here playing bagpipes the obonic scratch with ebonics name game big black guy named Ben eyes and car alarm baffangula ackman whose deck is bigger I mean every single good by w.
I would be every single piece that we put on here is a classic.
Is a Barney takes a dump stuff that people call here for gone to be good.
Virgin Mary stuff that people call here for to hear every single day of my life.
So you ought to be rushing you ought to be in the car right now you ought to be zooming to borders whichever one is nearest by you and getting a fistful of CDs and cassettes for yourself and for a holiday gift and for the kids at school and for whatever else.
Should be any big trick to raise a hundred grand and yes it is more difficult on this radio station so we because with this is the only show of its kind on the station this isn't a job show okay.
And we don't have anybody else on this radio station who does this kind of a show so it was a result we don't have the best of.
GLD in the best of you know what I'm saying we don't have those so it's a one man band it's one man campaign which makes it like 10 times as hard as it used to be an IOD because we had the best of fill we had the best of a construct those guys would go on to their own appearances and you put all of that together and it's a good stuff to a pretty good total.
And I'm discovering that when you're trying to do it by yourself all depending on what is the topic you're talking about when you try to do it by yourself it's a lot more difficult if it's a lot harder so the speak.
So we'll do the best we can in spite of buddy and Evans in spite of the fact that I'm a bad guy I'm a corrosive radio host and I don't like Wayne high pingo and I don't give crap how much money he gives the charity doesn't doesn't phase me in the least he's still a prick okay.
But boy I'll boy talk about a hypocrite buddy corrosive radio host I can't say anything good about when as though he needs on my assistance I have to kiss his ass and give him credit they want to build a statue a monument to this guy the ripoff artist who sucking the blood out of the sports fans in his town who put I don't know how many people out of business in this town who when he bought what the hell was the music joint that he bought.
And fire to sound advice was no not sound advice it was the music chain that sounded by but whatever whichever the hell one was and fired all those guys because they had long here and if they didn't cut their hair he was going to fire you know that crap.
This is the kind of guy you're dealing with here a dick tater but let's build statues and let's write glowing articles like he really needs more good publicity you see because that's the way it is that's the way the media are they pick out there certain bunch of people and they just fall and fuck all over them non stop instantly and instead of the way they're going to get the money.
And if you're not in that group well you know whatever you try to do it's going to be a hundred times harder.
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale hello.
Neil yes sir.
Good morning.
When is this?
I am pissed off.
Seriously pissed off.
About that fella from Nick Sagar's reading that letter got me so friggin fired up.
What's his name?
I don't know what I was.
Just from the FFA.
No I don't want to get I'm so sorry that Nick called me you know he's a great guy but I'm sorry I don't want to get sidetracked on that.
They've been doing for ten years they're going to get me off the air they're going to get Howard off the air.
They're the censors they're the dictators they're the self-appointed it's a mind thing with them they're not getting anybody off the air.
Oh I agree I agree but I do want to get pissed off about why you worried about them.
Well it's just it's the control that they think that they have.
But they don't have any control that's the point.
People don't wonder whatever they want to listen to it I'm not going anywhere and we got more sponsors than we can handle here.
We don't know what to do with them we got somebody spots.
Exactly but we do want you to know that we support your sponsors.
Yeah and I want to get that and that's my credit card down at this guy's place.
And that's why they're you know that's why they're on the air here they don't they're not advertising on the show because I got a pretty face.
They're here because we get him great results.
All right well what's next address I'd like to go down there and buy a handful.
7111 West Flagler it's right off the palm metal you go and my least right off the on Flagler Street right off the palm metal.
7111 West Flagler.
Great and I ping a still stock.
Okay thank you.
Thank you.
We have two open lines in day two and powered 5 6705 60.5 60 on a mobile one line.
You know it's a good thing that the Huracune's pull that miracle victory against UCLL on Saturday because it did it went a long way and covered it.
And I was just starting to bring up the fact there was another Huracune player arrested on Friday from beating the crap out of I think was the equipment manager.
So it doesn't really make any difference who it was doesn't make any difference.
No that's good there you go.
The best gangsters that the money can buy.
And yes there was a lot of assimilating crap on sports wise all weekend long there's no question about that.
But I you know I have to start looking at it and wondering why do they bother why does everybody get so whipped up and why do they play if the officiating is going to be so bad.
I mean the jet allegedly won that game yesterday is there anybody who believes that.
Test the verdict still on have that fall in the end zone.
Well I mean like you know long after the whistle blew these guys are standing there talking but I mean but about did you see it no did you.
I don't know I put my arms up in here because you know I'm hearing out my armpits.
They never got close to being a touchdown and I play the game was over that was it they lost.
Oh no guess what you want we decided you want and as long as this crap is going to go on and as long as Dick Hantech who's 100 years old and they're not going to be a good match.
I mean that crew of his keeps going 100 penalties in every game.
I mean what's the point of playing these games.
I mean there was one sports highlight make no mistake about it over the weekend.
It's not in a hurricane game and it wasn't in the dolphin game against the girls team with a 10 year old quarterback.
No it wasn't in there there was a sports highlight over the weekend that those who really appreciate good sports and real athletes would remember for years to come.
It was momentous.
Just under three minutes left of the bird here up real three Toronto two.
I can stop him.
That's the side of the net for the defense.
The green ball.
He played another more as a wreckie just didn't have anything else to do with it but get it out down here.
Perfect week as they say it just make it go there for no.
I'm really sorry to tell you.
I'm sorry to tell you.
I'm sorry to tell you.
I'm sorry to tell you.
I'm sorry to tell you.
I'm sorry to tell you.
I'm sorry to tell you.
I'm sorry to tell you.
I'm sorry to tell you.
I'm sorry to tell you.
I'm sorry to tell you.
I'm sorry to tell you.
I'm sorry to tell you.
I'm sorry to tell you.
I'm sorry to tell you.
Watch the fans here.
Or both hands.
The leaves have a puck first.
Stunning!
Like that.
Back off!
Back off!
Stunning!
Put me on top of that.
Pull that out.
Cover off!
Pull that out.
Pull that out.
Pull that out.
Pull that out.
Pull that out.
Pull that out.
Pull that out.
I mean, I can part about that.
That game was in Montreal and the reaction you're hearing
here for two out of goals.
There you go, boy.
I got it.
There's screaming.
Go Leafs go so much louder than those frogs up there.
It was one of the most I only watched it replay because we
worked on a Panther game Saturday.
So I had that tape going only watched it like 6,000 times
over the weekend, over and over again.
And I still get the goosebumps with me that real fans who
really understand what the hell it's all about.
Of course, we had that big game on Saturday.
Yeah, right.
And you notice both newspapers today, if you want to
those people to read both the Harold and the Sun
Central, both writing about the, no, nice call.
And they know you old fart because without him, we
had lost another one scored two goals there on Saturday.
He's played only two games.
He's got three goals for the Panthers, but nevertheless,
somebody ought to tell Sean Burke something that most of
you, most of you parents out there that have daughters, you
teach them this.
You drill it into your head.
Keep your legs closed as much as possible.
OK?
Somebody should tell that to Sean Burke.
Because that's when you get in trouble when you have your legs
wide open like that.
Although that's when you start having real trouble, sweetheart.
Sean Burke couldn't stop a bowling ball from four inches away.
But that's the way it goes.
Hey, Kirk McClang, a little health problem there.
We got to go back on Sean Burke, the jerk.
And let's in a real greasy, a couple of greasy goals, big fat
rebound on one and then shepherd with a wrap around that he
couldn't.
Oh, man.
But hey, that's the way it goes.
20 before 11 at 5.50 WQM pizza off this home of some great food.
Maybe they give you fresh, gigantic portions, very, very
modest prices.
And that's why Jeff Cohen is making so much money.
That's right, because people try it one time.
And they come back with a Gothamish ball over and over again.
Great place.
We're quick lunch.
We're a great dinner.
Quick snack anytime you're in the mood.
Three different kinds of great pizza.
Wardening lasagna, the best garlic rolls in the world.
They got strombois and calzones and super subs
and ticket catch and ture your traditional pasta
favorites like that.
Totally any with cheese sauce out of this world.
Spaghetti with sausage or meatballs.
Great.
And if pastos and they have combination dinners with all your favorite
sauces, you can get to pick out the sauces you get on them.
Pizza lot has great, express one specials.
If you can't make it over there, just phone or fax the order in.
It'll be ready in no time at all.
Just call 9 5 4 9 1 6 88 80 9 1 6 88 80 pizza lot.
Why you doing all your holiday shopping?
Take a quick break zip in.
There's tons of free parking.
You'll find them at 35 14 South University drive between
Griffin and 5 95 right next to a Nova South Eastern right behind
Pier 1 in Port and they prestigious pizza lot plans.
Pizza lot, not the fastest, not the cheapest, just the kinkyest
by far.
This is 560 QAM.
Where do you find Hank Goldberg?
Right where you got it.
Sports radio 560 QAM.
Neil.
God.
Time my passes off to the top of the key taken by Julius.
I'm going to fast break and the usual black was routine.
There's only one place for me.
Lamb, dungeon, donut.
Check out the all star line up.
They got Dale Dawkins, Jack and Thunder donuts,
Will Chimney and Finger rolls and even Moses Malone.
One handed jam field donut.
Hey Doc, how about a box and one to go?
Yeah, baby.
And give me a cup of coffee.
Malone, medium one.
A large one.
A large one.
But no Korean, please.
Oh, that's bad.
To make your best move to slam dunking donut.
We shove our food in your face.
All right.
10.46 and 5.60 WQM.
Happy holidays from your close personal friends at the 5.60
QM.
Here's the facts from David in South Miami.
And she David, I appreciate the sentiment, but it's just,
you see, people want to make it too hard, too difficult.
There's, it's a no brainer.
It's not difficult.
Since before we started, I'm not talking
about our fundraiser this year.
I said, our best stuff stuff will be available again this year
at borders.
There you go.
Borders, music, books, whatever else they're peddling there.
Isn't that what I said?
I think last time I've been saying that.
So David faxes me to tell me that he went by borders
in the Grove last weekend.
He wasn't until the cashier was ringing up my purchase
that I happened to see your merchandise purely by accident.
They're on the shelf behind the register
with no display whatsoever.
If I hadn't happened to see it, I wouldn't have
remembered to buy your merchandise.
Perhaps it could put a little effort into promoting your campaign,
David in South Miami, and Wayne can kiss my big fat ass, he says.
Well, I appreciate you're helping us out, David.
I appreciate the sentiment, but the fact is that if you want
to make a little bit of effort, if you want something badly enough,
which I'm not saying you want this desperately like the end
of the world, like the winning lottery ticket or something like that.
But they're at the border stores.
All eight of them, OK, let me say it again.
They're in point and beach for Lauderdale.
Candle Avenue, a coral springs, coca-dickrow, right where you were, David.
And a Pocan plantation.
It's just not that difficult, is it?
And some of the stores are cooperating nicely.
And some of the other stores maybe they hate me like poison,
or maybe they just don't give a crap, or maybe it's like the whole
borders organization in general, which is very lack of
a physical about this old thing.
And they just don't care all that much.
But they've got them.
And if you want them to go in there and ask.
I mean, if the catch got your tongue, maybe that's a problem.
That'll hurt us.
But I think most people at least have got the coins.
And they go up to say to a court where the hell is the best
the meal crap, bitch, something like that.
You know, in a friendly way, bitch.
And I think that probably they'll help you out.
As usual, by the way, it didn't take too long.
The Harold Hopps right in bed there with a sun sentinel.
With an editorial in this morning's paper on the bottom again.
Shape up or ship out.
See, in this editorial written, even after the court said that the
state was full of crap, and they ordered them to
return the slot machines and all the money they confiscated
from the sun crews, all that business we had last week.
And the Harold still writes in the editorial with their big
ambiguities in the law over cruises to know where the Florida
few options it says.
And the first paragraph, once again, the same sanctimonious
horsecraft we've been treated to for the last 500 years by
the media people in this town.
If ever there was proof, certain of the ambiguous
sentiment, let me say it again.
If ever there was proof, certain of the embanker,
oh geez, what a beautiful, nicely proofed certain of the
ambiguous sentiment that grips America about gambling.
It is the notion that the sin, if it is sin, should be washed
by water.
If it is sin.
While some states have land-based casinos, other restrict
the gambling to river boats, many of which are a permanent
anchor would never sail.
Isn't that interesting?
You have to wash the sins of gambling away by putting it
on river boats or out there in the middle of the ocean.
That's a coin that that's the mentality of the Harold.
There's something sinful involved.
If you go to the track and bet, that's not a sin.
Is it, if you go on a cruise ship, gambling is sinful only
when the hero tells you that it's a sin or the sun
sentinel, the side that it's a sin.
And you have to be baptized.
You have to do it like right there in the ocean.
Okay, so you can baptize the craft tables or whatever
they're craft you want to baptize.
And then the sun sentinel continuing, continuing their
relentless attack on the evils of gambling over the weekend.
They got another editorial governor,
governor, why is to wait for a second look at Powerball idea?
Revenue projections for Powerball plus lottery could have
been cut by 17 million or have been cut or whatever
now it says.
Governor, like Jeb Bush can be forgiven for hedging his
bet on a controversial source of revenue is decisions
that delay the introduction of the big money multi-state
Powerball lottery gave in Florida is a prudent move that
makes a lot of sense.
And one of the reasons that they give for hedging your bet
on Powerball is maybe it's going to hurt the lottery that
we already have, the Florida lottery itself.
Which of course the Florida lottery is okay even though
it's gambling see and even though it's a sucker bet and
a much worse bet than any casino game you'll ever play.
The odds on a lot of we are like 80 trillion again you know
whatever the hell they are billions to one.
But that's okay.
Because the money was also supposed to go to education new
funding for education is that what turned out to be the
even point out in their own head.
So was that what happened?
No, but the lottery is okay.
Going to the sun sentinel we just don't want that
Powerball we don't want to introduce more gambling new
gambling because gambling is inherently evil and turn the
page whatever it is in the sports section and we'll give it
the odds that every God then game that's coming up.
As this town continues to be run by a bunch of
hypocritical self-appointed assholes they great moralist of
our times.
Here's Boyton Beach.
Hello.
Yeah, I think buddy never tells a point.
Yeah, okay, great.
Boyton Beach.
How did we know Boyton Beach?
How do we know which asshole it was going to be?
Is there anybody who's got a brain and Boyton Beach?
No.
Is there anybody in Boyton Beach who could ever call a show and
actually say something positive?
No.
Do we want my one to hear?
No.
Of course not.
Same old asshole, same old tired craft.
They're every single day.
Thanks for the effort, baby.
If we had as many people who make a positive effort and whatever it
is we try to do on a show as assholes like this one with their
negative bullcrap we'd be kicking some serious ass here.
Two open lines in Broward one and day five six seven oh five
60 and pop five 60 on a mobile one line.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
OK.
Sounds fired up.
I'm fired up.
Anyway, I call the guy who was talking about the U.M. player.
Yeah, they got arrested.
That was an Edger and guy.
No, no, it wasn't Edger and no.
Yeah, I was.
It was on Friday, right?
That James got arrested on Friday.
Edger and James and Drew Rosen Buttflug, whatever you name is on
Channel seven.
Oh, he did yesterday was talk about how great of a guy is that ran for
eight million yards against the LA.
A lot of them that have no defense.
Yes, he's the one that said what I don't think so.
He's on the guy arrested.
He is.
Yeah, he's on the guy.
Yeah, I don't think they were talking about that all day yesterday.
Yeah, I'm not good at going to be in how much money he's going to make.
I don't know if the one that got arrested.
But anyway, maybe somebody else will call who knows because I don't believe it.
I don't think that's what I'm saying.
Who was it?
Reggie Wayne.
Reggie Wayne.
Yeah, it wasn't Edger and the bus.
See, and here's another asshole makes up crap.
You know, this is what we got.
Assholes make it up crap today.
You know, is there anybody out there that knows what they're talking about?
No, no, even I who would pay no attention to that crap, even I know that it wasn't him.
Because obviously there's a thousand guys named Edger and you know, you know, one from another.
Two open lines indeed five six seven, oh five 60 pound five 60 on the mobile one line.
Here's the Pemberg Pine.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
That's your friend, Brooke, Brian.
He seems like a retard in all the songs of corny.
Do you actually think his songs are funny?
Yes, I do.
It's the fact that Brian is great.
I mean, we have to listen to open over every every every corny.
No, you don't have to listen to anything if you don't listen to him.
But I'll be holding a gun to your head.
I like listen to you, but I don't want to hear him every time.
A few times an hour.
Well, I'll tell you what then, then when his voice comes on, turn down the radio for about 55 seconds.
That's what I do.
There you go.
But I don't want to have to do it.
Yeah.
So keep them off.
Yeah, we're not keeping them off the air.
I love Bokeh, Brian.
You take a poll.
I'll be as hell.
What is it?
You take a poll.
I'm sure I'm sure the listeners agree with me.
Okay.
Do they really?
The listeners agree with you?
Maybe that's why they're all listening to this show.
That's why it's the top rated show in town because everybody hates Bokeh, Brian.
And that's because of him.
But believe me.
Okay.
Thank you so much.
There's another great positive call.
Right?
No.
There you go.
They're all positive today, baby.
Probably buddy Nevin's boyfriend.
They'd count the all three lines open.
Oh, you people are beautiful.
Make no mistake about it, man.
You are beautiful.
You're the epitome of what this town is all about.
5 6 7 0 5 60 and 0 5 60 on a mobile one line.
Here's a mobile in Bokeh.
All right.
It's the papers of Storgan's gambling.
Why do they continue to put the line?
I bet that question five million times here.
When we come up with the answer, let me know.
Okay.
Thank you.
Okay.
Open line is Broward all three and date.
5 6 7 0 5 60 0 5 60 on a mobile one line.
We got a great crowd here this morning already.
They're doing it.
Here's a mobile in Bokeh.
Hello.
Hello Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hi, I got a suggestion for you.
Since there's about three weeks left in your promotion.
Yeah.
And coincidentally, there's about three weeks left in the
football season.
Maybe you should take advantage of all the gambler files and set
up like a football pool.
$30 to pick the team and 20 of it to center one and the other
10 goes into the pop.
Yeah.
We know.
We're not going to do that.
But how about some of you compulsive gamblers who listen to this
radio station and call with your boring calls about points,
breads 20 hours a day?
How about the coffin up 20 bucks for something worth
while 20 bucks you won't lose anyway.
I might go to help somebody.
Absolutely.
There you go.
Thank you.
Good point.
Yeah.
We've even got shows on this station where they bring on all
these jackasses talking about the odds.
We've got shows and tire shows where they bring on clowns,
talking about the odds as if there's some place that these
people are making legal bets on all these games here in the
state.
Is there such a place?
No.
And how come the newspapers are never right now?
You think about that because every time Dick and Harry 98% of
these people out there that are gambling are doing it illegal.
Anyway, does anybody ever read anything about that?
No.
I guess it's okay because it's not casino gambling.
I mean, what's wrong with being in the football pool?
Right?
There you go.
Harmless fun.
That even the kids should learn a lot about.
I mean, that's one of the first things that a good father does is
give his kid a couple of numbers of some bookies in time.
Guys, you can trust.
We have an open line of day one and Broward.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT and T wireless line 10 56 on QAM.
If you need a new can quarter this holiday season and listen carefully,
Wolf camera has some tremendous deals that'll convince you.
I think that there's never been a better time to buy a new can quarter
than right now just in time for the holidays.
The Sony TRV 65 can quarter.
This is the highest quality highest resolution high eight can quarter.
It has color flip out LCD screen, a 72 times digital zoom lens and
image stabilizer to keep those long range images from shaking in a battery
that's got up to 12 hours of recording time.
This is one of the best can quarters that money can buy and right now at
Wolf, it's only 799.95.
Wolf cameras also got the Sony TR67 and 8 millimeter cam quarter with a
wireless remote control of built in video light and a 64 times digital zoom
lens for just 399.95.
Let me say it again, a Sony 8 millimeter cam quarter for under 400 bucks.
Your holiday headquarters for cam quarters is Wolf camera.
The best selection, the best prices and is always expert service with more
than 17 stores all over South Florida.
There's a friendly wolf nearby you call 888644 wolf to find the store nearest you.
No portion of this broadcast may be reproduced without the express written
permission of W2AM beef and wheat acquisition.
Oh, geez.
Thank you very much.
This is the team.
I don't have them around much for a while.
But I want y'all to know that up here in Rock and Roll,
heaven, although thinking of you, this Christmas.
And I can give y'all a special Christmas message.
A message of peace like how about a little piece of that time going by?
Thank you.
Like a whole family Christmas is a time of food.
Time of joy for time for a little and I sure would love it.
Thanks for that feature you got there.
Like it.
Oh, one more.
No, we're all right.
Oh, yeah, Christmas.
No Christmas to be means family.
And family means friends with friends being is getting together and getting together means
beaten.
I'll pass you that some stick which please.
Well, it's like a regular.
Not just one of the lady right now.
You know, I may be a big star, maybe too big, but ain't nobody's so big.
You can't reach out a helping hand.
A helping hand.
Or would you hand me a helping over the magic taters over there?
Make the believe it's like that.
That's right.
Now like I was trying to ain't nobody somebody can stoop to help a friend of me over the holiday season.
A sweet little season won't pass me that self-sugar.
Let me get the chance.
Yeah, just just those screws of color.
That's right.
So let's Christmas.
Why don't y'all take a tip from the old ails.
Now I don't leave those stick to the black way they are.
You know what I mean?
No, I appreciate it.
I want you to remember for all part of God's great big family.
And you know God made men into his own image.
And look at the mirror.
I'd have to say God must be a big, big center for you know what I mean?
I like it.
But especially once y'all remember this one last thing.
You know, all the homeless Christmas string in that popcorn up on the free.
Save a big, big bowl for the king.
Extra butter, the little one.
I like you do.
The meal Roger show now on five, six V W Q a F Miami Fort Lauderdale.
Well, I bet you Joe Castella forgot I was going to forget the ID there.
Didn't you, Joe?
I did.
By the way, thanks to Joe Castella gave us a nice check.
We sent a one on Saturday.
And also thanks to Alan.
What's the guy's name?
Alan fine gold of shells who's the area supervisor who came all the way down from Tampa to be there on Saturday.
And like I said, they don't need a 10% of all the revenue they got from the sale of appetizers on Saturday,
which I'm sure will be getting a check for that person.
So we're up to the mental total.
We keep getting revised on this like every two minutes now.
75,469 bucks.
That's as of 1039 this morning says Carol right up to the minute.
Plus that hundred bucks check that I gave you that Chris gave me a talking game on Saturday.
So we're getting close to 76 ran there.
And of course, we still have a couple of stores not reporting from last week.
So we probably like I said, getting close to 80.
20 grand to go between now and December.
We're going to do it.
I'll guarantee you we're going to do it if it's a last guy.
If I have to like spend 20 hours today, then I'm not an ear here for a year, four hours out there panhandling on the goddamn street corner.
Here's Pember pine.
Hello.
Hey, I don't know.
Okay, sir.
I just want to say, you know, I drove by on Sunday, on Saturday at a
show these guys like you had a bunch of people out there.
How'd you guys do there?
We did about a grand.
It was okay.
That's not too bad.
I want to talk about the Panthers.
You know, we think about the way they play against the hurricane zone.
I can't.
Like mediocre would be the way to describe it.
At least, you know, they were talking about, you know, there was a good, a good time and everything like that.
But I, you know,
it's not a good time when you blow the lead three times.
Yeah.
But when you, when you're pinching, you know, and I think somebody ought to say enough of the pinching already.
Okay.
Robbie had a chance to run at break to get a goal short handed, which is fine.
He, you know, gave it a good shot.
And then the Trevor Kid made a great save.
But the fact is where the hell is everybody else up there?
And you get caught back on a five on two short handed.
And it's just ticked back toe in the net.
At work had no chance on that at all.
And then why not giving them the time?
Because this team continues taking chances.
This team isn't good enough to take those chances.
Yeah, hopefully though, you know, with sister really coming back, he's looked pretty good in the past.
Right.
So hopefully you can have a little boost back to it and everything like that.
Yeah, but you've got to have goal-tending and you got to have defense.
Well, maybe we can get any chance you think, you know, because I was seeing on the paper,
they're talking about Pots and doesn't want to go back now.
No, he's off the team.
He's the left of team, right?
So you think that it would be good?
And who are we going to trade for?
Well, I mean, maybe we maybe what did, uh, what did Colorado give up when they give up, uh,
Patrick Waller before they gave up very much?
Did I know? Let me say it again.
Well, Toronto's not going to make a deal.
A Patrick Waller's traded because he was, uh, because he was a seven at one game.
And he, he had a irreconcilable difference with the front office there.
So they would have given him a way.
They didn't care at that point, but that's not the point.
The point is who have we got to trade for Felix Bobbant?
There is nobody.
Maybe Chris Waller.
Is there a guy?
I'll call up Mike Smith and see what I can do.
Thank you, sir.
Two open lines in Broward five six seven, oh five, 50 and pound five, 60.
Here's another great facts from the supportive audience that we got.
And you see, that's what just kills me.
Everybody out there is an expert.
Everybody out there is critiquing, uh, Boca Brian.
So I got news for that asshole.
By the way, Boca Brian's got more talent and his little finger than you got in your whole
up you can do the body.
Okay, pal?
Some of the stuff that he does is absolutely classic.
Just a fantastic, unbelievable.
And this guy's calling.
He's got a critique.
He's got a turner radio down because he's got a whiny voice about everybody's got
a complaint today.
It's all complete Monday.
Okay.
But like I said during a holiday season, this is when people are really at their
worst, you know, not getting each other over in the store to try to get one of those
furbies for their kids, killing each other, reparking space at the mall.
This is what really brings out the worst in people of holidays.
So here's Paul and Fort Lauderdale, who takes time out of his busy day to
fax me this note.
Paul says, maybe if your CDs were about your best calls and not just songbirds, you'd
sell more CDs.
I happen to enjoy your calls as Paul and Fort Lauderdale.
All I could say to that is we can only put the bridge tender on so many times.
You know what I'm saying, Paul?
I've been on here for 23 years.
Number of great memorable calls that I've had in those years in this town.
You could fit in a fumble and have room for the Soviet army leftover.
In addition to which we've been doing the best of Neil with comedy bits for years,
everybody's always loved them.
We've done very, very well.
Rick and Sods, when they sold their CDs, what do they have on there?
What did they have on there?
You don't pay phone challenges and pay phone challenges.
And do we do pay phone challenge?
No, no, we don't.
Maybe if we put our best calls on there, maybe we'll come out with a CD where
we just have the bridge tender on there for 100 times.
We'll run over that on.
What?
And the scooting lighting.
And the scooting lighting, right?
And we put all the other funny stuff on part two.
Anything funny's getting on there?
Yeah.
Yeah, part two, there's a couple of calls on there, but a disc full.
Oh my God.
I'd have to be on the year 200 years to get a disc full of great calls of memorable calls.
This might out of his mind.
Here's a mobile in West Palm Beach.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
Good.
Yeah, you're stealing some of my thunder because I got all pissed off when I heard that guy
starting to put down vocal Brian.
I mean, he's got so much talent.
I love his bits.
He can make you voice sound like all kinds of different artists.
He's even.
I give you one example.
I'm looking at my, the first disc here, the best of in Vonix graduate.
That's a classic.
It doesn't even sound like vocal Brian.
It's one of the best damn things that we've ever played on his show.
He's like part of your show.
Did he start off?
I mean, with you, I mean,
no one knew about vocal Brian.
No, it's not about three, four years ago, whatever.
These came on your show.
Yeah.
This guy takes me off.
You know, we don't need a car like that.
So we don't need.
Let's put a bunch of calls on the CDs like those because no shortage of those.
Chronic milk intense.
Exactly.
Well, you take your happy out.
I see you back to you.
Dude, it keeps you in a good shot.
Okay.
I'm trying.
Here's a guy that's pissed off and fired up and fired up and pissed off.
Two open lines in Broward.
Five six seven, oh five 60 and pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
11 awaited five 60 WQA.
It's time to get your holiday gift list together and get working on it.
Get down to one of a plants TV.
Depose four locations because this week everything is on sale.
Every single thing in the store.
You need a big screen TV.
They're all on sale is a VCR on your list.
Every single VCR to plants TV depot it beyond sale.
How about a washer dryer set?
A cancorder, a DVD player, a satellite system, a dishwasher, a telephone.
It's all on sale at a huge savings like you won't see any play sales.
For example, a 27 inch color TV only 228 bucks.
It's all on sale right now and only at appliance TV depot where each and every
product in the store is marked down and on sale to save you money.
Appliances TV depot four locations for you.
They're in the Miami Lake area.
57th Street in the Palm Meadow.
They're a coral cables.
They're on US one north of the falls and Northwest 77th Court right off the Palm Meadow Expressway.
Don't get ripped off during a holiday.
Get yourself a great deal on everything you buy at appliance TV depot.
This is 560 QAM.
Neil Roger shall.
This is your brain.
Any question?
In 1611 the Bible was translated from Latin into the King James Bible and now well
over three centuries later, books on sale for events, but King James found Bible.
James, recite the book of genitance.
The story of Moses and the burning book and the tower of battle.
How you know how to use that funny death?
There's a new testament to Lazarus, raised from the death.
James sings from the book of Matthew.
James, James, James, James, James, and of course the book of James.
All the most beloved Bible stories as only James could tell them.
The betrayal by Judith.
The back of the book.
I want to kiss the sale.
And of course, the resurrection.
No one knows more about judgment day than the Godfather of souls.
And so James also sings of something that's playing.
How did that happen?
How did it happen?
What King James found Bible?
The process.
It's love of 13 at 560 WQM.
How he'd be doing this week by the way is he in or is he out?
We have two open lines in brown one and date.
560, 560, 550, 50, 05, 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Jupiter.
Hello?
Good morning, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'm a long time Muslim in the first time caller.
OK.
I'm so seriously interested in your work at Twig's Charter.
I think you call it center one.
Yeah.
I have one problem though, because as you see as I may be,
and I listen to you quite often, and I hear it already complex,
but you're not telling me what the center one project is.
So I have no way of making a judgment.
It's where they want to make a contribution.
Center one is an organization in Broward,
nonprofit that helps people with AIDS,
who are HIV positive and who have AIDS.
Men, women, straight gay, by children,
people that need money for medication, that need housing,
whatever their immediate needs are.
They help them directly, and it's a great organization.
They do tremendous work.
Well, thank you for that.
I can tell you that I will send you a contribution,
and I think it might be better if you gave an information
I learned more often so people would be more aware of what
they're doing to try to help you in good luck.
OK, thanks.
And I'll do that.
OK.
We have two open lines in day two in Broward.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, Pont 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
We've got about, I don't know, 76 to 80 grand somewhere
in that ballpark with three weeks to go.
If we raise 100 grand, it'll be a major miracle.
But like I said, I'm going to do it.
I'm going to squeeze it.
I'm going to push it.
I'm going to pull it.
And maybe Wayne will send us a check for the, you know,
no, certainly whatever the shortfall may be,
buddy, Nevinz will send us a check.
There you go.
Huh?
Maybe that's what this is all about.
Maybe Buddy is just kind of backhandedly
trying to promote our big fundraiser here.
And maybe that if we wind up about 14,000 short or 8,000 short,
Buddy Nevinz will come up with a check to get us up to that 100,000 mark,
which is a nice even prestigious number, which
would be quite an accomplishment.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, Pont 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Evan Chura.
Hello.
Yeah, now, yes, sir.
I haven't to read that guy before.
Man, Broke of Brian is very annoying.
Yeah, and he blows.
I mean, we don't want to hear no recards,
but we're thinking of calling it wrong.
Yeah, OK.
We'll find another show, KB210, and to find yourself
another show.
Like I said, just a succession.
This guy's got, by the way, Corn Cobb,
his ass and one over the phone, too.
You notice?
I think it was the same guy.
Probably the same guy.
Yeah, he's got like a sock over it and his phone, too.
Like this guy, let me say it again.
98% of you out there, 99% of you
had 1% to tell us that Broke of Brian
has got you be making some money, which he's not, but nevertheless,
he's a Schlapper.
Boy, can I tell you?
They all got to complain today.
You know, I'm looking for a little assistance here on our center
one trying to get some enthusiasm and a positive mood going.
And all these people, it's all complaint Monday.
We're walking here this morning just out of the blue.
It's other all malcontent, all one of them
that I got left on the phone right now.
5 6 7 0 5 60 0 5 60 on the AT&T wireless one.
This town and you wonder why I go on,
especially for all these years, on and on and on,
the hostility, the negativity,
the reluctance, the the chiefness,
the just refusal to get with the program no matter what the hell it is.
You got to beat them overhead with a baseball bet,
and most of the time you still don't get a goddamn reaction.
Here's a mobile in Sunrise.
Hello?
I need a couple of things one you mentioned the newspapers and the casinos.
They don't have any problems taking their advertisements for their posts.
Right. We talked about that Friday. They got a big fat ad for some crews in there,
Thursday or Friday, whatever day the Sun Sentinel had their big sanctum odysced editorial,
and then a big ad on page two in the sports section for the very crews' those ships that they're ripping.
Yeah, they can take the money. That's quite a lot.
Right. That's totally correct. That's right.
Second thing, I wouldn't know if you showed the article on the Wyoming.
Wyoming, on the business section on Sunday's paper, I think it was the Harold.
No. Oh, they ripped you pretty good in there.
Really? Oh, yeah. In fact, I don't know whoever the station geniuses over there said,
well, there were no numbers and it was a mistake because it was like a six month review of Wyoming.
I'm surprised you didn't see it. No, I did not.
And, you know, I mean, I was kind of surprised it would be...
Well, who ripped me? Maddie Lesham or the Harold?
Both of them, I believe.
Yeah. Same guy.
They were saying that there were no numbers and...
There were no numbers on the whole station. So what does that have to do with anything?
How do you have a number on a show and you can't even hear the goddamn sound?
I know. If you want to, you know, they do everything to sabotage you and then they blame you for not telling the number.
I couldn't care less. You know, the checks, I got another check the other day, Saturday and my mailbox.
As long as the checks keep showing up to the 31st of May, I don't really care.
Makes no difference to me. I mean, it's a bogus station.
It was very obvious from the beginning when they kept having all those technical difficulties
night after night, week after week and then the audio they didn't get straight now till two, three days ago.
Very obvious that it's a place being run by people and there's nothing about how to put a TV station.
Yeah, I wonder if someone would think, I know...
I'd like to see more than four hours in this show and you can show it up their ass
whether they like Book of Brian or not.
But I wouldn't suggest you to another hour a day of having to put up with some of these assholes.
Okay. Have a great day, pal.
So it was a rip-neil weekend in the newspaper.
I missed that one. He had a niels fault that when he was a big bomb.
He always wanted to put all of those out loud on the air.
And then, you know, something I was watching briefly a couple of days ago during channel surfing
because I really don't watch any of that crap anymore on there.
And they were running a promo for City Desk and guess what promo it was?
It wasn't the one with the old ladies that that...
Uh-huh.
He died there with a body. I yeah. Oh yeah.
That one that old bag there, at the end of the...
Oh yeah, there's a dead body and the dumbest thing about it.
Yeah. That they've only showed 25,000 times.
But that's good. Blame me, Maddie, because you know,
your own incompetence is legendary anyway.
So blame me for not getting your drug-headed numbers over there.
And everybody that we had on this staff here, every single one of them would tell me that
when they ran into people and they told them that they were from Miami,
they said, oh yeah, that's the show. That's what station Neorangia is on.
Every single one of these people would tell me that.
But nobody was watching it.
Open line of day two of the rowered five...
Or the other way around, five, six, seven, oh five,
60, pound five, 60 on our AT&T wireless line.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Hey Neorangia, how's it going?
I can't tell you're pal. I'm a dumb. I'm just a dumb.
No, I just wanted to talk to you.
The only thing I get through the row is to ask if fired up calls.
The only thing I get me fired up in this town is the freaking sports fans.
They really suck in this town.
Yeah. They're a bunch of kids to act as.
And so, I mean, I know these guys might be your buddies, I don't know.
But you got the only one that tells how good like it is as Mandage.
You got this guy, the Humper.
He's like, oh you guys are always crying about your team.
And you guys are spoiled here.
Yeah, we're spoiled. Yeah, we expect a lot.
We got to, all we got to deal with is sponsors and the sticks.
They got to be good for it.
Okay, great. Thank you. Sparks isn't as big as good.
Okay, we have all the daylines open.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound five, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Holly. What, hello?
Here, Neorangia, how's it going?
Okay, sir. I was just calling in support of Broke a Brian.
I mean, these guys, they must be jealous that they're not on the CD.
I wish I could be as talented as the Brian.
I don't know how Broke a Brian becomes an issue on a radio talk show.
I just don't understand it. I mean, the stuff that he,
there's plenty of stuff he records.
There's some of the stuff that we never use.
If it's funny, we use it. If it's not, we don't use it.
But most of it is.
Right. I mean, believe the guy.
Somebody is going to tell me that they're going to listen to the show
because they don't like to voice on some of the comedy bits.
I mean, if there's anybody believe that,
they need an instant lobotomy out of a can.
You got that right, Neorangia. Keep up the good work.
That's right, they okay.
Oh, yeah, Boca Brian's an issue now.
Whatever you do, we don't like that.
That's a mole on your, uh, over your eyebrow.
Well, guess what? I'm getting it removed on Friday.
How do you like that? Does that make any difference?
No. Well, I just thought I mentioned that in passing.
And you got a fat ass and you're ugly.
And, uh, what else? Find your mama?
And your little dog is a piece of crap and barks too much.
What else? What other complaints can we hear today from a milk content group?
Okay, you think that this group would be real happy today.
Their team did a girls team the other day.
There were a college team be a team with no defense on Saturday.
And Miracle they pulled it out of their ass even with all those criminals.
What, what is their problem?
And they're still on a crappy mood.
They're still malcontent. They're still all bent out of shape.
Two open lines and day one and Broward.
566-705-60.
Pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Happy holidays from all your friends and soft-floating.
Put a big smile on your face.
Are they happy? Are they like in a holiday spirit?
No. Oh, yeah.
Here's a mobile and Tamarack. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir
I'd like to tell you about vocabrain
I'm a friend of yours. I call you a
Friend of mine. Yeah
This is very much. Yeah, Larry your phone sounds like you're in a fish tank under waters
No, it does not now it sounds like you're in a in a sand dunes quick sand
Well, I'll call you back then. Okay, call me back Larry. Oh, God two open lines in Broward
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 0
We're looking around 18 to wireless line
Is this is this a dream? Is it still a weekend and I'm just having like a day mirror must be must be a day mirror
Here's a tamarack hello
My man. Yes, sir. I got to tell you something real quick
I hate to keep talking about sports but real quick yesterday
You're investing three hours of 55 minutes to watch the one o'clock game
22 seconds left in the game Nathan telling you for minutes
We're gonna have to cut away. We're gonna cut away to the four o'clock game the dolphins game is coming up
22 seconds the last play of the game boom pitchers gone
Channel four holes
Not only you mean you mean to say they cut the jets came off it was gone
Because I was walking on a satellite of course, right because and by the way I'm glad you mentioned the cable
Let me say a media one once again that just put the popski around and messed around and knocked our cable
The picture that you're putting out there and Westbroward is so grainy and so grotesque
Thank God I got two satellites. I mean the fact that any of us are paying for that we must need mental help
So they actually cut the jets game off before that the bogus touchdown
But there's more yeah, they couldn't even get the dolphins game on so what they did was they had about four five minutes of dead air
Yeah, and about six public service announcements now was this channel four or three yes four
Channel four hole
Yes, oh unbelievable on real on three hours for the 55 minutes
One one one one play that totally bogus
Played again. I had a watch headline news unbelievable if the score yeah
Because they didn't even get the damn dolphin game on for ten minutes after that well
They may not be good believe their consistent. Thanks for the good news. I can't believe that wow
Two open lines in Proud find so maybe they don't even know what we're talking about
I'm sure they've seen it five thousand times because they showed the replay during the game 65,000 times and
Every and you know something all 65,000 times Vinnie didn't get the ball in there
Okay, was not a touchdown not even close not even close and
The official look all the touchdown he's standing way over there, you know like in the stands practically
Hey, he's got his arms up in here like I said he's there and out his armpits and the other officials come in on anybody
See it though. What do you think about a beep and now of course they look down or scrambling around and at this point
The ejector got the ball pushed like five yards into the end zone. Oh
Yeah, there's the ball down there. I guess it's a touchdown
I mean this is the this is what goes on with the so-called officiating and the idea that they ever took away instant replay
It renders all of it meaningless whether you're a fan whether you're betting on a game whatever the whatever your interest is
It renders it meaningless. It's a joke
The Patriots got three ridiculous calls and then yes today Denver's great comeback against Kansas City
And the officials tried again to give Kansas City another chance with a phantom ridiculous interference call. It wasn't even close
Because air be running what good is the football play without a yellow flag to go along with it
You know what I'm saying? What what good is a play without the yellow flag?
It's 11 25
At 550 WQM if you tried getting money from a bank and then it had like a six stomach you had screaming diarrhea for weeks
Because of the experience because they put you through the ringer and they give you the third degree and the fourth degree and the fifth degree
Forget about the bank. They'll treat you like crap
You want to get personal friendly service you want to get money real fast without any pain
Maybe you don't have great credit makes no difference if you call our friends Mike art and Jake at a Atlantic coast mortgage
They've been helping people just like you in this town since 1982 and of course right now with interest rates as low as they are
It's a smart time to get a first or second mortgage even a debt consolidation loan
Whatever you need cash for maybe you want to go to the track tonight
Punger Brains up call Mike art and Jake right now they can get your approval usually within 24 hours or less and they can even take your
Application info right over the phone no hidden charges no applications for you no BS no third degree
Just great personal service and a lot of cash waiting for you pick up the phone of column right now a Atlantic coast and they'd call
944 07 33 that's 305 944 07 33 and route in Palm Beach call 954 987 80 77
987 8077 for a Atlantic coast mortgage
This is 560
You a L
He's criminalized pot in Florida
Uh, excuse me. Hi, can I help you? Hi, yeah, I just bought these and I'd like to have him get wrapped
Do you have Christmas wrapping? Sure. Two hours over unit Christmas. Two two hours. Thank you very much
Oh
Pardon me is this Christmas wrapping that's right food check it out happy holiday y'all we hope is married cuz you're gonna be broke come
Can you?
Ah, I'm taking that I think I'll do my own Christmas wrapping
Yeah, go ahead then jump and wrap your own it ain't so easy when you do it at home
Cuz we got the rest we got the ribbons and you know we love money more than
Thank you
But anyway, it's 1131 at 560 WQM. We have an open line in date 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line
Here's Miami. Hello
Okay, thank you. And thanks for listening to 560 WQAM
Two open lines in date fine. That's the see you right. That's the same guy three in a row now
Okay, three in a row and you're still an asshole. Okay, in fact everybody in the audience is thinking about that voice
They're thinking he's an asshole and they're right. They're absolutely correct folks
Just keep calling over and over and over again to make your point. You know something we could play Bokeh Brian from now until
The guy then cows come home and you'll still be listening and have a cranked up so loud you're getting vibrations in your rectum
Who the hell are you kidding asshole?
This is divine. This is his contribution to this show and to the human race Bokeh Brian's things like it's gonna hurt his feeling
Okay, when he comes in here to get a check it's gonna really hurt his feeling. He's wounded
That's some asshole some puttwhacker some old fart who couldn't get it up for $10 million some old
Codger like you is busy. How can I try to care?
Here's a mobile in my uh-huh two open lines in date 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line
Got we got him all out today. We got the old Codgers out. We got your three hulio friends out there
That are busy I guess I guess they're not in the same room today so they can't play with each other. Maybe they're doing phone sex
Here's a mobile in pop it'll be chill out. Hello Neil. Yes, sir
um
I had a copy of the CREPICATING CONTEST on a record that I had in the 1960s
And I heard on your station a little outtake I believe from another
Part of that record that was Dean Martin and Jerry Lewis. Yeah, that was Yarte
Yeah, and if you
If you had a copy of that I'd like to donate a copy of what
He it seems to me that you played the CREPICATING CONTEST every once in a while right and I heard the Jerry Lewis
A little takes from the Jerry Lewis thing
Do you have the entire album? No
No, no
That's too bad. Okay, it's too bad for us because now we won't cost any money
Okay, we have an open line in day one and brower. Is there anybody out there wants to give money without getting anything and return
They want to make a charitable donation that's fully tax deductible. No. Okay, just checking
567 05 60 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line see I always used to wonder all those years that watch those telephones
Speaking of Jerry Lewis you watch a few minutes of those telephones before you start throwing up and you had to find something else on a year
And you'd wonder how come they have to bring all these people on here to raise money and they have to do a song and a dance or like
Pbp a public television does you know they show you a little bit of a concert or a little bit of whatever it is and then they come on
They beg for money. Hey, if you give us the money, we'll show you the rest of this, you know
Because the overwhelming majority of people will not donate a dime to any cause unless they get something and return for it
Which quite frankly when you come right down to it is that really donating? No, but nevertheless that's the only you know
That's the way you got to play the game. Well, yeah, here's the donation. What do we get for it?
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hi Neil. Yes, sir. I have a comment about the Miami Harrel yesterday was one of the funniest things and the first thing I thought
I was you underneath the section where today's games has other times and the point spreads
They have a little something on the Miami Daffin game and they go open raiders running back Napoleon McCallum
Really instead of Coppin McCallum in both print. Yeah, in both
I just unbelievable
Uh-huh. Yeah, I mean if I'm from Coveman to McCallum, I'd like to make a myriad maybe they didn't like the fact it was a Jewish name
You know, they're all anti-Semite that they hurled most of them
We have an open line and date to enbroward five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line
Here's a mobile implantation. Hello
Yeah, God. Yes, sir
Continuing the jet story so they pull away from the game with 30 seconds to go
They go to dead air and then go to a commercial a public service announcement for trial rail
entering John van Beesburg in a path or uniform
Yeah
I mean it was like produced by a whammy
It was terrible. They could have showed the end of the game. So the channel for really really didn't get the end of the game on
No
If they went to PSA's featuring John van Beesburg, it doesn't even play here. Exactly. You already told us that thank you
But so they didn't get the end of the game. It's like the Heidi game all over again
They dropped out here people like the guy said before they watch almost four hours to see the outcome of a game
Which was decided on basically the last the play
Well, not exactly the last play because but but almost the last play because Dennis Erickson must be drinking too much again
Instead of using this two time out that he's got left with a minute and 48 seconds for game
He waits until the jets get the bogus the Phantom touchdown and then they get the ball back with like 14 seconds left
Nice going there Dennis have another drink
Oh my god is this man a coach? No
Wow, what a jackass
We have an open line and of course you didn't see that because
Channel four blacked it out and most of you don't have your satellite dish
What are you waiting for there see that doesn't happen when you have the small dish
You don't have to worry am I gonna get cut out of this game or am I because every game is on a different
You know, you don't have to worry about the four o'clock games they're on separate channels
You don't have to worry about again getting chopped off so they can show you another game because on a small dish
Does it ever happen no what does not?
The only worst thing that might happen is start raining like a son of a bitch like real real super hard and you lose the picture for a few seconds
Which happens like once in a green moon
Here's a mobile in Hollywood. Hello
Hey Neil what's up? Yes, sir
Uh, I have a couple I'm 18 years old. I just graduated from high school
I want to know how to get a job at W.J.O.M. on your show
How to get a job doing what I'm waiting on my show doing what?
Doing anything being a goal for anything. Yeah, don't know jobs
No jobs. No
Nothing not even pouring your coffee nothing no
Okay, well, I think it shows great. Okay, good luck pal
No jobs all our stuff might be able to audition you we have an open line and they want it
What one in Broward five six seven oh five fifty come on over and ask for our program director
Definitely might give you a up close in the intensive personal audition. Okay, sir
Here's the mobile in Fort Myers. Hello
Yeah, I'm calling about the channel four taking the jets off. Yes, not the defense channel four because they suck but
That's a contact with the TV stations and the league
Yeah, if you got a home if you got your home team that is coming on at four o'clock
They have to cut away got a contract. Yeah
Like I said more reason to have a satellite dish absolutely
God bless you sir. Here's a call from four Myers
Too exciting, but nevertheless he knew what he was talking about
We have an open line in Broward to and date five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line 22 till noon
If you am Hank will be a chula's it to a clock
Booge and bow and Kimba will be a pompadopark with a
Pregame from Monday night football six to late at the clock tonight and what do we got tonight green Bay and Tampa Bay
Battle of the Bay gate a base eight o'clock tonight
Next time you need a great pair of new shoes don't trust your feet to just anybody
You know where to go by now been telling about these people for a very long time
Brandy shoes and popular beats. They're great. They're unbeatable
For over 19 years now they've been selling quality shoes top name brands shoes that fit you great look great to
Over 30,000 pair famous names shoes and the hottest styles and all the top brands in the shoe business
Floreshyam, Subago, Dexter, Bostonian, Echo, Easy Spirit, Carps, SIS and don't forget brandy is the largest retailer of great rock port shoes in the entire state of Florida
Get your feet into brandy's let their experience staff helping pick out the shoes that look best and fit you perfectly too
Man, is that an important thing when it comes to your feet you'll find brandy's a 1290 federal highway in
Poppano Beach you can drive right up to the front door if you like and if they don't have exactly what you're looking for in stock
They ordered for you no extra charge. You'll have them pronto. Tonto brandy shoes and poppano call them at 954 943
67 when it comes to your feet it doesn't get any better than brandy
This is 560
You a. L. Look at him stick
Good by I. O. D. the memories are all that's left of a station that once had been and for a and that was quite a
name
Hot and packed and were insane
To blow it all in when they build those condos and blocks that hour off
You'll be lower down into your
And you were great at one time but now you sound more like a signal drifting in the wind
And you'll never see numbers you can sell again
Friday
You
Hard
No grisky, clear channel has a scheme, but it's clear to see that this fight on their
court for ridden victims they can't hide the fact without feeling got a crappy feel.
And you were great at one time, but now you sound more like a signal just being in
the ring. And you'll never be offered you can't tell again.
Get clear channel knows what they're doing.
Oh, they say no one's listening anymore because they really have a clean pump in the
ring.
I met guy inspired me since he called about two 300 times with the Boca Brian Boca
and then a couple of other pirates started calling him with the same cram.
I'm going to play almost all Boca Brian arrested today.
I'm inspired great stuff stuff that we want to hear over and over again, right?
One call left on the board.
George tells me that because you've been telling me to go into the commercial break most
everybody hangs up even Paul Harvey Jr.
I get a spy report was on hold, but as soon as we went on that commercial break,
not important enough to hang on.
I guess I know where I am on his picking order.
We got one call left on the board.
And then it's going to be a Boca Brian concert, okay?
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in high a Leah.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Okay.
I wanted to comment about that jet came to.
Yeah.
I was second and goal to goal when the median asset.
They're going to switch.
Oh my God.
Okay.
They ran second down.
They ran third down.
And then the jet call time out.
Right.
And blank headbed.
It's before the main thing.
I'm going to explain because I was listening to Morning Show and I heard that the old sports
Joe that guy that's a pain in the ass and the guy with the eyes, all these chronic
calling in and they weren't even talking about that game.
And I thought to myself, if the dolphin people or anybody who hates the jet saw that and
realizes how they stole a game yesterday, they'd be psychotic.
Now I understand that almost nobody here saw it.
Exactly.
Unless they had a dish.
Well, I'm a jet fan.
So, you know, I was really there.
Well, you got an early Christmas gift.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, that against me.
You got to know I don't, but you got a nice early Christmas gift, believe me.
No matter.
It's a win in the column of the years.
Right.
Oh, I know.
That's what everybody says.
We'll take it.
They don't want to get into a replay.
So they're paying the price.
Terrible.
Okay.
He regulations.
Okay.
Like he said, we'll take it.
And that's what I always say.
Whatever team I'm rooting for, we get a crappy call in our favor.
Hey, we'll take it.
You get enough crappy calls against you.
So that's why people aren't rewriting in the streets.
You're about to just being given the game yesterday because they didn't see the end of the game.
Wow.
What a concept.
Another brilliant move by the NFL.
You know, I've got to cut that off, even though we can't even get the other game on.
But we got to chop that off because that's what the contract says.
See, the other game before the dolphin game, that's just filler.
That's just a fill of three hours to get you ready to get you warmed up for the home,
for whatever home team you're watching.
And even if you have some kind of a rooting interest in favor or against or whatever it might be.
And I don't worry about seeing the end.
We just killed some good time.
Now let's go to what you're really waiting for.
Here's the Carl Gables.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'm calling for the problem with the jet king.
Yeah.
That they cut it off.
And they said, no, because of the contracts of the NFL.
And we're going to go cut it off.
But I can understand cut it off and go directly to my amigain.
But they cut it off to get commercials about heroin.
Yeah.
Okay, great.
Well, I think you must have taken their advice.
We have two open lines in date, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60 on the 18th, the world of the fun.
No more holios today.
No more.
If I have no calls at all, no more, you're little holios out there, please.
They must be doing heavy duty drugs or some kind.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
The best part of the whammy article?
Yeah.
With the statement that you were show with the only one that got no ratings.
Oh, really?
That was one of the statements.
We sold every show of Neil Rogers.
People wouldn't touch it.
Uh-huh.
That's a lie.
We had a lot of paid spots on there.
We had player traffic.
We had all kinds of spots on there.
One was a lot of time.
And they claimed it was one of the things that after a while they wouldn't watch it,
they wouldn't buy it anymore because nobody could hear the show.
And then they claimed it was one of their highest promoted shows.
Right.
There you go.
That's, uh, that's the story.
All right.
We got the rate to say, I guess they forget the fact that we got the ratings.
We had the, we had ones and twos just like all of the other shows.
And most of the shows had zeros, zeros and ones on their best days they had ones.
And this is coming from Maddie Lesham.
Yeah.
Oh, that explains it.
Yeah.
And they're best show right now for the highest ratings.
It's a monster.
It's a mask.
Oh, the one.
Yeah. Well, that takes a lot of talent.
This was supposed to be a different cutting edge station, right?
It was going to put on very original, unique, uh, different local programming and their
highest rated shows are mesh and the, the monsters TV from here and KX TV from, uh, Uranus.
Right.
Okay.
Thanks for the good news.
Oh, thank God I didn't see that.
I really would have been depressed.
Maddie Lesham cutting me an ass.
There you go.
The popcorn, the kettle, puse.
Open line and day one and Broward five.
See the, and the only reason that he's got to bug up his ass is because I told on the
air exactly what he is an asshole.
Because all the while that they were here taping and all the problems that we had technically
and otherwise I was exposing him for being a Charlotte and that he is who knows nothing about the
business.
Did he ever work in TV before?
No.
Does he know anything about it?
No.
Have they got any real numbers over there?
No.
Is the TV station is when he made the industry disgrace?
Uh, joke.
Uh, well, there you go.
So must all be in the Arrogers problem.
That's right.
Must be my fault that I did.
Even though they were showing a show at 830 and 1030 and they were showing it on Sunday and they were
showing it all over the goddamn place.
Must have been my fault.
And if that's the case, how come they didn't pull it off?
How come after I allowed got yanked off and all these other shows got out left off?
How come it's still on now?
It's the case.
Because they have to pay me till the end of May whether it's on or not.
So why the hell not just yank it and the show too?
Here's a mobile in West Palm Beach.
Hello.
Hey Neil, how are you?
Okay, sir.
A couple things.
Uh, first of all, I made a radio accident and heard Randy Rhodes.
She sounds like a typical pseudo intellect who just figured out what's going on in Washington.
Woo, woo, woo, woo, woo.
Oh, my God.
Terminal.
And the second thing is...
Yes, she's become a political maven now.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
She's become a non-imus.
Unbelievable.
And the other thing is since you're a maven on these little discs, I need to know if I wanted
to get one of those and watch the dolphin game.
You mean it?
That was a home game and it's blacked out.
So would I be able to watch it on the other team's home station?
No.
No, it's blacked out.
Even...
I can't put it on like the Raiders home station if it was down there.
It's not a question of home station.
It's not stations.
It's the network.
There's no such thing as station.
The network, as you know, has got all the games now.
Fox and CBS and ABC have all the NFL games.
And if it's a local game that's blacked out, you're not going to get it anywhere.
Oh, okay.
That's what I needed to know.
Okay.
Thanks.
We have two open lines in Broward 1 and Day.
Five very surly crowd here today.
Very surly, very unhappy.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the 18th.
I get to run happy because I came on the beginning of the show and I said I wanted some money for
center 1.
I said I wanted a lot of these dodo birds to go out there to borders or to go hop on the internet on the
O'Rourgears.com or pick up the phone and call center 1 at 5, 6, 3, 3600.
Or just go out to their border store and pick up a bunch of CDs and cassette and help us right
get to 100 grand.
Or else just pop a check in the mail and mail it to a WQM 202.95 Northwest Second Avenue Miami.
33169 for 5 bucks or 10 bucks or 100 bucks.
Almost every person, man, woman and child, is listening to me right now.
Could afford 5 or 10 bucks to help us out to get to our goal.
Well, most of them do it.
No.
No, overwhelming majority of them will say, no, a thousand times.
No.
That's what they'll say.
Don't bother us.
Here's a lady in Del Rey Beach.
They're too busy watching the monsters and masks.
There you go.
That's right.
That's right.
It's a five dollar check.
Correct.
Something that really is important.
I just wanted to tell you that I think Boca Bryant is one of genius.
Makes me laugh every time.
Last so hard seeing my pants laughing.
Yeah.
And I was unable to get your show up here in Palm Beach.
But it doesn't surprise me that they would blame you for the fact that you were in Palm Beach.
I mean, I think it's a good thing to have a show up for all these terrible situations that are happening with their show.
If they have never been in the industry, I never, ever in my life realized how much really is going on in a radio station until I worked in one.
Never.
Yeah.
How to clear.
I mean, every show they put on there, every local show they put on was a bomb.
City desk was a bomb.
Ocean drive was a bomb.
The only show they put on there they've ever got any numbers was tens.
And I said that right from the beginning, it would get numbers because they had a bunch of almost naked young people on there.
And people want to watch that.
That's exactly what they want to watch.
Right.
That and that.
There you go.
Listen, I want to make one.
Okay, Passe, USA.
If I could please.
Violent fart.
And I don't know if the season since everyone is so thoroughly and grumpy, let's make them laugh.
Okay.
Bless you.
And have a great day.
We have two open lines and Dave wanted to be powered.
567-0560, Palm 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Coral Gables.
Hello.
Yeah, a little new.
Yes, sir.
I think you're doing a great job.
Yes.
I heard everything you do is whenever you touch his gold.
No, yeah.
It's gorgeous.
Great.
You're holding the sun sent a little tell you.
Yeah, both of Brian's great.
Mm-hmm.
Can I make a request?
Maybe.
Good ship, I'm a star.
Okay.
All right.
Have a great day.
Good night here.
Okay.
Sucked around and sucked around.
Could you make a request?
Okay, we'll play it.
We have an extra vocal Brian by the way.
Do we want to play that?
Uh-huh.
Okay.
Just checking.
One open line and powered 400 and Dave.
56070560.
560 on the AT&T wireless line.
I'm going to tell you the ultimate blow in all the years I've been on the years when Paul Harvey Jr.
gets on hold and he doesn't even hold on.
Then I know I've just totally lost it at that point.
I know I've just got nothing left and believe in if he's the last thing that I'm clinging to that I'm right close to the edge.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Yeah.
Yes, sir.
I made two football comments.
Yes.
Okay.
I further just found that it didn't see the end of the game.
The curse of Heidi still rains.
Mm-hmm.
And also to you know, Florida's playing in the orange bowl.
I kind of wish University would have mind me would have beat Syracuse because I want to see what it can do.
Spurrier does not have to play.
Okay, great.
Well, call one of the sports you wasn't talking about Steve Spurrier and about Bobby Bowen and about all those red necks and flores.
Call up T-Full and talk about that.
He's obsessed with that crap.
Obsessed with college football.
Psychotic with it.
Like a disease.
Like a mental illness.
One open line in Broward to and date five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line.
They can't wait till two o'clock for that stuff.
Okay.
Four hours a day we give you primarily an interlude from that stuff.
We give you a break a respite to let your brains unscramble.
Can they handle it?
No.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Neil.
I know you're getting kind of fed up with this football talk, but I want to say not only do they cut the jet game.
Early and then played like five minutes of commercials.
Yeah.
But then by the time they started the dolphin game it was already third and eight.
And the dolphins were getting a goal.
Ready to get out of the hole.
They had a technical problem.
Well, why is everybody calling about that?
They had a problem.
Well, what happened to our contract says that they have to cut out of the world again.
Whenever the local telecast is on of the local home team, the contract says they got to cut out.
But why didn't they start the dolphin game on time?
Because they had a technical problem obviously picking it up.
Sir, do you understand?
Well, I have to draw you a diagram.
They had a technical problem getting that telecast.
These people just don't get it right.
I'm a goddamn telegram.
Knock on his door.
Give him a goddamn singing litigram.
Do something.
Draw it on his ass.
Draw him a picture.
Wow.
They had some kind of a problem in addition to which anybody that missed any of that dolphin Oakland game yesterday.
They were doing you a public service against the girls team against the quarterback.
That's like a five year old child.
Oh, here's the ball.
Here's another touch.
I mean, what the hell was that?
Jimmy was over there.
He was taking no those.
You notice that he was taking no those on the sidelines.
He knew that they were playing a goddamn girls team with a five year old quarterback.
What was there to even talk about in that game?
My god Denver comes from behind in a assimilating contest yesterday that anybody with a brain watch that game
and pulls it out of their ass to stay undefeated.
Dramatic fashion.
Is anybody talking about that?
No.
The Jetskin and of course I understand why most people are talking about the Jetskin because you got ripped off.
He didn't see the fourth down place where Vinnie Squadra found a touchdown.
Fanon touchdown.
Fourth and goal.
He runs a quarterback draw.
He goes up the middle.
He gets to the one foot line.
He's down.
His helmet.
If getting the helmet in the end zone is a touchdown that it was a touchdown.
The ball was on the two foot line.
Is getting your helmet into the end zone a touchdown?
No.
I'll call you in this crew it was.
And believe me if that maybe they knew maybe they were stuck it maybe they knew that it would maybe the fix was in.
Maybe they knew that they were going to give them the game and they didn't want the local dolphin fans riding and having a nervous breakdown and screaming and carrying on and having something to talk about all week.
Maybe that's why they chopped it and the game too.
Two open lines in date five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line.
See if you had a satellite dish we could talk we could communicate if you had a goddamn dish.
Four minutes till noon at five sixty QAM it's that time of the year when everybody's calling a friend or relative somewhere around the states or even around the world.
So why pay more for long distance calls than you have to when you can use the MTS Florida card the new prepaid phone card that can save you up to 70% on all your long distance calls.
The MTS Florida card is now available in more places than ever before in town.
This is a year by convenience store gas station Pup tent wherever and asked for the MTS Florida card it's available in three five and ten dollars in nominations and the rates are among the lowest in the universe call anywhere in the USA as low as four cents a minute call Canada six
cents a minute Dominican Republic tensens Chilean Columbia nine cents Puerto Rico only six cents a minute calls to England only eight cents a minute lower rates anywhere you call all over the world.
The MTS Florida card is a perfect Christmas or Hanukkah gift just stick it in a greetings card set it to somebody you care about and write to them and now you can tell them there's no excuse not to call me because I be paying for it.
Don't forget all costs in the USA as low as four cents a minute for more information or order your MTS Florida card just call this number it's as easy as that call 305 six four four 0066 that's 305 six four four 0066 price and subject to change is a connection theme they apply.
This is five sixty Q.A.M. the Neil Roger show now on five sixty WQ.A.M. Miami Fort Lauderdale.
I got the woman that's where the ball.
She was very terrible.
I walked right out of that place with a space by my face.
talking take away the
You have to stay in your view.
When you are not ready to be there, say to somebody I want to know who cut the cheese.
On the good ship, on this dot, it's a strange ship and it's very tough when you roll all day.
It's a win to end the back with chains.
It's a wooden ship and it's bells a lot like an arse.
It's all about eight voices and two diodes and seats.
They throw the body in the sea.
There's enough holes on toilet for your sandwiches around.
As if you complained, oh no, why'd they be too aggressive?
They don't serve no food when you get cheese.
They feed it back to you. Life is very tough.
On the good ship, on this dot.
I wish I had played that, that's Book of Rhyme.
Sorry. 1204-5502.
There's a letter to the editor in the hero today, the horror of the arena.
James McCaffrey and Miramar Wights.
I went to the National Car Rental Yanta Center, the Macarena on November 21st of the group of friends.
Our first shot with the $10 fee for just parking, not ballet parking, just plain old ordinary generic parking.
Then our Ossheran Section 104 was positioned very poorly after we reached her post.
She sent us back against the flow of people to go up a flood of stairs to our seats.
Then came the ultimate horror, horror, the seats.
Adrixives such a small, tight and narrow come to mind.
Patrons beware.
James McCaffrey about the Macarena.
Sorry about that Jimmy.
I love my seats.
Here's the article that some of you have from today's business section in the hero.
About Wamy.
About how it's a miserable failure.
About how USA Network invested $30 million in it.
And about their top rated show being Wamy on Miami.
Which is not true by the way.
They're top rated local show.
I see.
Which is got the cartoons.
It's sure it scored a one rating, 1.0.
All the little kids watching and the only reason to watch it because it's got the Fox cartoons on it.
Let's take an executive say the ratings are showing steady growth in the show's host of the kids.
Get as many as 200 email messages, et cetera, and so on.
We even beat Nickelodeon and Warner Brothers a few days ago since Rob Zarnekia, 17-year-old host,
who still is student in North Beach High.
Overall, Wamy's prime time rating during the November sweep was a .5 compared to 10.6
for market leader channel 23, North Spaghetti and Laced.
Are they great numbers?
Of course not, but some of our shows are showing some traction to his Maddie Lesham.
Wamy's editor-in-chief, we do have a model war on track.
He says they're showing traction.
He ought to be in traction.
And then it goes on about how the ratings might have gone up.
If the heat would have been playing and the NBA didn't go.
Oh no, wonder we're happy the NBA went on strike.
There you go.
I told you.
It's certainly as hurt us, we've already lost 15 games that chuck butt VUDT.
Do we know who that is?
We've never heard of him.
He's the Wamy station manager.
Do we ever hear of a guy named Chuck?
Butt Butt Butt Butt Butt Butt Butt Butt Butt Butt.
No.
Wamy also had planned extensive pre-game and post-game programming for those heat games like maybe 20 hours a night.
We were hoping that advertisers who couldn't afford to buy during the game would be able to buy around the games.
Now that's gone too, says Butt.
Butt Butt Butt Butt Butt Butt Butt Butt Butt.
Who estimates Wamy revenue is this fiscal year will be 10-20% lower because of the lockout.
All right.
Wamy is expected to bring in about $4 million in revenue this year, perhaps double that number next year.
That doesn't say anything here about how they could sell all the shows but nothing.
Say that at all.
We have a lot of people out there in this audience who lie a lot.
But they do rip me well, which is good.
It says the Magistember of the Station to Break even says Butt is a two rating in the desired demographic groups.
That would be women 25 to 54 during the day.
Kids 2-11 during the afternoon.
Teen's in the late afternoon, adults in the 18-49 and 25-54 categories by 6-30 pm.
Butt says he thinks most of Wamy's local programming with the exception of Neil at night,
the TV version of a Serbic Neil Rogers radio top show is on target to make that goal.
Neil at night would probably already have been a goner if a permanent show were in the wings.
That show has had a ton of promotions, says Butt.
If we had a replacement, I'd love to put it in.
We've had a ton of promotion.
And then of course that about that as well promotion director Chris Lone and yet he's handing out little business cards to everybody he wants into.
First of all, let me say this.
During the times when we had the Neilson ratings when we were able to get them and they were trying to hold them back.
During that period of time when they were in here taping we had the numbers.
Our numbers were equivalent or higher than the other shows on that station except the cartoons.
Almost every night.
And there were nights when we had zeroes and there were nights when most of the other shows had zeroes.
I'm not saying we had any numbers because we never did any of it anybody else.
The show the station is a bomb.
It's La Bomba.
Not a bomb like the kids today say the bomb.
It's a bomb like the Jeff saw.
Totally a bomb.
And this business about cutting edge and about the future at TV every everything they put on there was amateur hour amateurly presented.
Technically it totally incompetent amateur hour.
Out loud city desk ocean drive.
Neil at night.
You name it.
Now, it's kind of frequency with the guy wrestling with the snake.
And like I told you I predicted as soon as they put that show on pens with a bunch of you know hard bodies that well-tanned almost naked young people.
I said this show is going to get some numbers.
And did they get some numbers?
I'm not great but they got an audience.
More than anybody else was getting because that's what people want to see kids want to watch cartoons and adults want to watch naked people who look good.
So you know you go be my guest go right ahead as long as the check keeps coming every week to I care.
I mean how many weeks did it take before they could finally give it all the technical pitches and actually get like one segment on the uninterrupted on that show.
And then once they got that finally straight enough then the audio they had to crank up ten times as loud as the rest of everything else.
And as soon as the spots would come on it would practically burst your speakers.
But don't confuse us with the facts.
The real story is that Neil went on the ear and had the audacity to tell it like it was and it couldn't handle it over there because there are a bunch of bush-league people that know nothing about TV.
Know nothing about broadcasting.
Perfect for this market.
Uh-huh.
12.09 is 5.60 WDQM.
We have an open line and Broward to indeed.
5.60 WDQM.
5.60 WDQM.
5.60 WDQM.
5.60 WDQM.
5.60 WDQM.
5.60 WDQM.
5.60 WDQM.
5.60 WDQM.
5.60 WDQM.
5.60 WDQM.
5.60 WDQM.
5.60 WDQM.
5.60 WDQM.
5.60 WDQM.
5.60 WDQM.
5.60 WDQM.
5.60 WDQM.
5.60 WDQM.
5.60 WDQM.
5.60 WDQM.
5.60 WDQM.
5.60 WDQM.
5.60 WDQM.
5.60 WDQM.
5.60 WDQM.
5.60 WDQM.
7.60 WDQM.
7.60 WDQM.
7.60 WDQM.
7.60 WDQM.
7.60 WDQM.
7.60 WDQM.
7.60 WDQM.
7.60 WDQM.
7.60 WDQM.
7.60 WDQM.
7.60 WDQM.
7.60 WDQM.
7.60 WDQM.
7.60 WDQM.
7.60 WDQM.
7.60 WDQM.
7.60 WDQM.
7.60 WDQM.
7.60 WDQM.
7.60 WDQM.
7.60 WDQM.
7.60 WDQM.
7.60 WDQM.
7.60 WDQM.
7.60 WDQM.
7.60 WDQM.
7.60 WDQM.
7.60 WDQM.
7.60 WDQM.
7.60 WDQM.
7.60 WDQM.
7.60 WDQM.
7.60 WDQM.
7.60 WDQM.
7.60 WDQM.
7.60 WDQM.
7.60 WDQM.
7.50 WDQM.
9.59 WDQM.
9.200 WDQM.
I'm going to go to the top of the top, the top of the top.
And bring up the thing, the thing, the thing.
And bring up the thing, the thing, the thing.
Bring up the thing, the thing, the thing.
Let's go!
Come into the building again we escape the old buildings.
All right.
1216-560 WQM.
Thanks to Mike and sales here at QAM.
Give us a nice check for center one.
Thanks a lot Mike.
How about our sales manager?
She come up with anything yet?
No.
Oh.
Because I was listening to that and thinking during the break.
Back at IOD sales manager, Alpo always used to come up with a nice big check, Jeff Clark,
the general sales manager.
Used to come up with a nice big check every year no matter who we were raising money for.
Just mention that in passing.
Two open lines a day, two in power, five six seven, oh five, 60, pound five, 60 on a mobile
one line.
But I do want to say this so you don't have to be worried about being burdened with this
any more like next year.
This is it.
This is the last best of kneel, the last fundraiser, the last beating.
Because first of all, I said this consistently for years.
It's not very exciting listening to be listening to a radio show and having a guy in
here say, oh, help us with some money for charity.
It's very boring and ponderous.
That's why I always try to ride the fine line of not overdoing it.
And the only reason I'm doing it today is because we're running out of time.
We've got three weeks left and we're going to fall like light years short of even close
to half of our goal it looks like.
So that's why I make an exception today.
But what's the point?
I mean, you know, the majority of folks out there don't want to donate to anything no
matter what it is.
They don't want to help out.
They're obviously not interested in getting this material for themselves, for somebody
else, for their friends, their enemies, their in-laws.
So why be the dead horse?
You do the vestage you can and I'll leave it to all the real philanthropist in town like
Buddy Nevin's.
He can raise money for a center one and for the homeless and take over all the charitable
work.
And I'm sure we'll read lots about it in the newspapers through if he does.
Two open lines a day to a broward 5.670 5.60, pound 5.60 on the mobile one line.
North Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, Neal, how you doing?
Okay.
Listen, I got a beef meal.
You know, I see you promoting pearl shop, the car and stuff like that.
You know, I know you like chicken and I don't.
Okay, it's blowing out your ass.
We're not, I told you, no more holios, okay?
No more, no moss.
No more.
They're all the same.
Even if they aren't part of that little cork, they're still all the same.
We got nothing to turn on WQB8.
Turn on La Cubanesima.
Turn on something that you can relate to.
Okay, do we help with it?
Turn on and hear about the election in Venezuela.
Okay?
We don't want to talk to people like I got nothing but sour bull crap with a bad aroma
to it.
Okay?
That smells like jikitas venenius.
Here's Boka.
Hello.
Hey, Neal, how are you?
Okay, sir.
First of all, I wanted to say happy holidays to you and your staff there.
Well, the same to you, sir.
I mean, this audience is really in a holiday mood.
I've questioned about that.
Recalcitrant.
Yeah.
Recalcitrant and the ones who are calling, I've got the sour, sour push.
I can't believe it.
Anyway, I believe it.
Thank you.
For a whole year of laughter and I got one of your CDs and I'm enjoying it when you're
not on the air.
Well, thank God for you.
You have a great holiday and stay healthy and everybody just chill out and have a good
time.
Well, I'm alive.
Back to you, okay?
He must have the good stuff.
He must have the good crap.
You know what I mean?
We have an open line in the Broward, all three in date.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
Here's a mobile in four-letter deal.
Hello.
Hey.
Yes, sir.
Okay.
Question.
First of all, Bokobrine is the best.
I don't understand that guy.
He's the...
Well, I got one guy out there who evidently, maybe Bokobrine's jilted him or something.
Or he, you know, maybe his Bokobrine blow up the alberst.
Maybe that was it.
Sounded a little personal, too.
Yeah.
Question on your small dish.
Do you get the West Coast food?
The West Coast food.
What was I going to see?
VS.
You've got different time zones.
Yeah.
You have the line of the cable station, which is a really alive.
Tell me, don't get the...
I don't want the West Coast food.
I can get that on the big dish.
Okay.
But I know what you're saying.
Okay.
You get the networks.
Yeah, you can do that.
Now and then, if the game is on their feed, they will broadcast it.
I know you're saying like on the ticket.
They don't.
But if it's on their feed, they will broadcast it.
You mean a local game that's blacked out?
That's correct.
Okay.
Absolutely.
Anyway, great show.
Good luck with the new one.
I sent my check-in and love you.
Thank you so much.
Okay.
We have an open line in Broward.
All three in date.
5,6,7.
Now that we got the Holyoke Cranks off of the day.
I guess that doesn't leave anybody in the dayed county.
Does it?
No.
5,6,7.
5,60,560 on a mobile one line.
Here's a mobile in four-letter mail.
Hello.
Hey, Uncle Neal.
How's it going?
Okay, sir.
Hey, I'm sorry to hear you.
I'm better Monday's in my life.
This is not exactly assimilating.
It's pretty weak.
Yeah, I'm sorry to hear that you're not going to stay involved with the charities.
You know, it's really been something.
Last year, I didn't have money.
You're before, but last year, I bought two or three of the albums.
The back bar was one.
And maybe you can have someone able to afford it for you, but still, you know, throw
together a best of album at least one.
No, no.
Well, let me tell you, you've given to the community for long enough, and if that's your
program, if that's fine, we love you, Neal.
Take care, folks.
Okay, thanks.
No, I'm just, this is it.
This is the end of the road.
Okay, for what I'm doing that.
I mean, you see the interest.
Look at that.
We got one call on the board.
They're not, they have no interest.
And then George was reminiscing before about these great assholes that come along here
for you at this time, and they've been doing this for years.
And they look, they pick up the CD and they look at it.
And oh, well, that's pretty good stuff.
But how about if you made a cassette for me?
I'll pay a few bucks and it's usually like five or ten bucks.
And I think that George is going to take like an hour of his time to, you know, custom
make them a CD.
It's got the stuff that they want on there.
Can't we custom make a CD for 150,000 different people?
Sure, no problem.
Huh?
If we live long enough, if we live to like Methusel until 900, maybe we'll have the time
to be able to do that for five or ten bucks.
Man, if I go into the early bird dinner trying to get money on these bastards, we have
an open line at day one in Broward, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 on another gut wrenching Monday,
on another puke inducing.
It's enough to give you what's that to the Crohn's disease?
If it's enough to twist your intestines.
Here's a mobile in Davy.
Hello?
Hey, how you doing?
Okay.
Stop by and see our shells on Saturday.
I just wanted to thank you for all the chasties that I picked up and the picture and all
that.
I got my CD signed.
And just let everybody know you're a real mic guy.
And just thanks for all the entertainment and the like and have a happy hour.
Okay, back to you.
Have a great day.
Okay, two open lines at Broward, one in day five, six, seven, oh five, 60, pound five,
60 on a mobile one line.
Here's a tamper near.
Hello?
Oh, this morning.
Sorry to hear you're having a bad day, but that's typical in this area.
Yes, part for the course here, especially on Monday, Pal.
They're like off their feet on Monday.
You know, I may have missed it.
I may have missed it.
I've already been sent in a donation, but I'd like to order your CDs if I can.
Yes, sir.
And I'll be glad to send another donation.
How can I do it?
I'm down here.
All this number.
I'll give you a center one's number.
Okay.
9, 5, 4.
9, 5, 4.
5, 6, 3.
5, 6, 3.
3600.
3600.
Yes, sir.
They'll take all of them and you got it.
And as far as when he goes and arrested that stuff, I'll tell you what.
If it wasn't for you, there's no reason to look at it.
And if you're not on the radio, that thing in the middle of my dash might as well be a flower pot.
Okay.
Thanks a lot.
I had a great life.
Yes, see the way I'm eating after where I started telling it like it is about that joint,
they wanted the show to fail.
Badly.
They wanted it to be a miserable failure.
And they got their wish.
At least I had a lot of company on there.
Everything they put on.
Every locally originated show on that station was a major bust.
They bombed a failure.
No matter what kind of spin they try to put on it.
Two open lines and Broward one at day five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line.
Here's North Miami.
Hello.
North Miami.
Hey, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
I can't ask you question.
Is there any way they can overturn that jet Seattle game that was because of the controversial call?
No, of course not.
They can't do that.
The judgment call.
They blew it.
They blew it.
And the announcers by the way were great.
I mean, they really are.
I forget who was announcing that game, but they just ripped the officials and said that the only thing that's going to happen is that there'll be a phone call made on Tuesday and I've seen in the head referee.
They'll say, well, we're very sorry and that's all they're going to do.
They'll say, sorry, we blew it for the eight minutes time.
Yeah, because I guess there's going to be over because of that.
First, Seattle.
Well, it makes me happy.
I'm not not rooting for the jet.
But if any time Dennis Erickson loses, I say, yes, there's another asshole bites that us.
OK, go have another drink, Dennis.
And he deserved to lose anyway, man.
Some of the worst coaching in history.
He's got almost two minutes left.
He's got two time outs left.
The jet they're driving for the lead score.
And he's not calling any time out.
Nice going, Dennis.
Open line at day two and Broward five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on the mobile one line.
Here's a mobile in Belgrade.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you?
OK.
Listen, I think I'm in Belgrade, but I'm calling because you're a good person.
I'm a generous friend.
Limor had a show on radio last night.
Oh, you're the one I heard it.
Yeah.
I am the one that heard it, but then I turned back to the crop reports.
Yeah.
But it was pretty good.
John Davidson was terrific too.
I just wondered if you're listening.
And I'm going to stay up on a Sunday at 11 o'clock at night to hear Jeff rumor.
I can hear I can hear on the phone.
I heard it at daytime and those insipid conversations.
They stop.
Yeah.
But thanks for the good news.
Remember must have paid this guy to do a free plug.
11 o'clock at night every Sunday, 11 p.m. to 1 in the morning.
I mean, what a time, huh?
John Davidson and the rimman doing their hockey insiders.
Did we learn anything from that show last night?
No.
Anything about that pop fan?
No.
I don't know.
Maybe somebody will call that I doubt it.
We have an open line at day one at Broward, 5667-0560,
05-560 on a mobile one line.
It's 1226 at QM.
Hank from Shulers at two, the Booge and the Bow.
Booge and Bow and a Shoe from Pompato Park at six.
And eight o'clock we got Monday night football, the Packers in Tampa Bay.
If you're not getting a great night's sleep, you probably don't feel worth a crap.
So why not do something about it and get yourself a great mattress.
A lot of people toss and turn, they don't realize the reason they're not getting a good night's sleep is because their mattress is handed.
Guess what Virginia?
They don't last forever.
If you want to get yourself a fantastic mattress and a great night's sleep every night of your life, pick up the phone call dial a mattress and 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S.
Get yourself a new CD posture, Pedic, Simmons Beauty Rest, sort of perfect sleeper, and find out what a great night's sleep is really all about.
You're going to get 100% guarantee that you're going to be happy with that new mattress because if you're not when they deliver it, they take it back no questions asked.
And they deliver it fast, man, like within a couple hours after you make the call.
They deliver from Key West to Orlando, everywhere in between.
So call dial a mattress right now.
They'll help you pick out a mattress just exactly what you like sleeping on.
1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S.
Mention the Neoranger Show and get an extra 50 bucks off on a new premium mattress so you stay even more than ever before.
And you do save a ton of cash up to 50% off what you pay for exactly the same goods and your vetting or department store.
So it's the only smart way to buy a new mattress.
Pick up your phone right now and call them toll free 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S.
That's 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S.
Leave off the last edge because it stands for Shumpton.
This is 560-C-A-M.
Where do you find Hank Goldberg?
Whiteware you got it.
Sports radio 560-Q-A-M.
Great Whitney has a pair!
I'm...
Seating...
Like a wild...
Chris Jones...
Up at the juice and get home old...
Coward love to bury those crimes I killed in the fairy...
Oh, you don't know who the Bible is like I know...
I'm...
Like a wild...
Chris Jones...
And how we all must think and act alike and not to think whenever it's appropriate.
Yeah, Whitney is wonderful.
Everybody in the world was right and Christian and looked the same and said the same things.
Morning, I don't think so.
No, to me, that would be paradise and the rest of the way.
I am...
Seating...
Like a wild...
Chris Jones...
And how we all must think alike.
All the games blackened yet long must die.
Oh...
Until everybody is Christian and...
What?
Crawfordy 2 at 560-Q-A-M.
We have an open line and date, one in Broward.
Anybody care, any interest out there today?
No.
Senator one, anybody considered about that?
The best thing is...
No.
We only do these appearances and...
Now the pizza lot's one was good.
That was great.
We had just lots of people and the place was packed and they were living and breathing people and it was great.
Of all the appearances that we've done this year, that was the one that I was in.
We raised almost three grand there, too, by the way.
So I think all the way around, that was the real winner.
But the other ones have been basically a chore and you know, you kind of sit there and you wait and you wait and I look at George and he looks at me and we look at Carol from center one and we look at the volunteers and they look at the wall and you look at your watch.
And then a couple of people, a couple of stragglers.
And believe me, I appreciate very much those people who have come by at each and every one.
I'm certainly not putting them down.
It's just there've been few and far between.
Few and far between.
And you know, like I said, we've done too much of this, okay?
Especially those stupid Neil, ghost of Neil, picture cards.
Everybody that got...
I willy-de-veelman, he was there in Kendall, remember?
Well, you know, Willie's got a collection.
He's probably got 10,000 of those cards.
So it's the same small handful of people that have been donating and helping you out and coming by and saying hello.
How are you? We're happy to see you.
We love you, show what are.
Same handful, generally speaking, for years and years and years.
And that's great, but the rest of the people out there, I've motivated as many people as I'm capable of doing.
And that's it.
I've done my damnedest.
Like it shouts on Saturday and I'm very appreciative for the fact that they cooperated with us
and they're given 10% of the appetizer money that they collected all day long to center one, which is a really nice thing.
But I mean, you kind of sit there and you eat your clam chata, which was great as usual by the way, guys.
And you know, you're sitting in luckily, I mean, Joe Costella was there and Chris, the nephew was there, Chris Reed.
And we're sitting in Georgia, of course.
And we're sitting around, have a little conversation, and then a couple of people would show up.
And then you'd have like another long wall for fun.
I mean, just get it.
There is no interest anymore.
I say hello to more listeners at an average hockey game at the Panther game.
I say hello during the course of sitting there for a couple hours, then I do with the appearances anymore.
They've got enough autographs.
They've got enough picture cards.
And of course, we have no bumper stickers.
Do we have no station member or B?
No.
We have no keychain.
We have no button.
We have nothing that's just QAM on it.
So there you go.
So why be the dead horse?
Okay, we got the one more appearance at borders and plantation on December 19th, the week from Saturday, from noon to two.
And maybe because that's out there in West Broward, maybe we'll get some people by.
And maybe not.
We'll see.
At least it's close to the house anyway.
Here's the Helen Dale.
Hello.
Helen Dale.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
It's Rick Barney, Colin.
Good show.
I'm calling about channels fours, good, joining the NFL football game.
Last Monday, channel fours announced that they would carry the New England and Pittsburgh game.
That on Thursday, they took that game off.
And maybe they discovered there's a lot more New Yorkers here than the RRW, New England or Pittsburgh people.
That was my next statement, right?
They figured out there's more New Yorkers.
Well, there are.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
They're going to get more people watching the Jets.
But they said they received permission from CBS.
So I was.
To do one to carry the car.
Yeah, to carry the Jets.
Yeah, to sign regionally who they're supposed to carry.
But then if the station, you know, if they get a ton of calls from New Yorkers or whoever, they, I guess, can ask for a change.
Okay.
The networks control that stuff with an iron fist.
Believe me.
Believe me on the arm fist.
Okay, channel four can make up their mind and they thought that we agree.
They said, okay, okay.
That's what we wanted me to say and they do.
They suck.
Okay, we have an open line at Howard, all three in Dave County.
Goodbye to Dave County.
It's been nice knowing you farewell Dave County.
Yeah, Bokeh Branky, do another one of those songs.
Goodbye, Dave County.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the mobile one line.
Here's Pember Pines. Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
Hey, I was watching our listening to QAM last night and guess who was on John Davidson and Jeff, the Rimmerer.
We're just talking about that.
Oh, really?
I'm sorry.
Oh, it was awesome.
They talked about the Pabble Berry thing and it's good to get involved.
Well, what about the Pabble Berry thing?
What do they say?
No, they did.
Did we get any, did we get any information about it?
Not, not as in names, but Brian Burke had said that there was more, more teams involved than what is discussed.
There'll be multi-team trades and Brian Burke either wanted five first round picks for Pabble Berry.
But even swap the Pabble Berry for who he says he's got ten people that he would evenly swap for and a youth movement.
So that's what they were talking about.
But that doesn't tell the same thing.
Well, no, it's just, I was thinking.
I want some information.
I want to know where is Felix Poth been going.
Who's going to get Pavelle Berry?
He's going to Tampa Bay.
Excuse me.
Oh, interesting because they asked Mike Smith that on Saturday before the game and he said no.
Oh, well, I think Rob Xaminer and maybe a pick or swap another goalie for Felix Poth then.
Yeah.
You never know.
We'll see how it comes out.
Hey, do you know what the end stands for in Nebraska's helmet, Neil?
Okay, we have an open line.
You figured out two open lines in Dayton, all a brow or one call left on the board again.
Okay.
Another lively crowd here today on a Monday.
Maybe they're all of it, man.
5.6.7.
They're all pissed off the channel for 5.6.7.0.5.
60 in Palm 5.60 on a mobile one line.
Here's a mobile in Highly our last call of the day.
Not even on the right line.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, Neil, I thought you find this interesting.
A Neil God story.
I was watching Star Trek Saturday night and the chip doctors talking to another chip doctor, both holographic images.
And they're debating the morality of a case that they have.
And one asked the other, do you remember the first line of the oath and he says, do no harm?
How do you like that?
I started laughing.
I said, hey, you know, and the other guy said, Neil God.
That's right.
I was expecting that any minute.
Neil God, it'll take 300 years.
Well, hey, you're going to make it.
Beauty.
Thanks for the good news, pal.
Find me out for the cycle.
Let's say how to a doctor's spot, Mr. Spock or a Benjamin's box.
Two open lives.
And date 400 and Broward, 567-0560-0.560 on the mobile one line.
21 before 1 at 560, WQM.
Holiday time is here.
And after you get rid of all these pain and he has guests and visitors and intruders and in-laws and everybody else, it's going to be there next three or four weeks.
You're going to want to pick up the phone and call my good friends and drive concepts and say, please, put my house back in order to get my carpets looking like brand new again.
And they'll do it no matter how much of a mess you have left on your hands.
And the miracle workers that drive concepts can make even the schmutziest looking carpets looks just like brand new with their exclusive patented
drive cleaning method.
They suck out even the deepest down dirt way down the fibers of your carpet, which makes them look brand new, which makes them last hell of a lot longer and make
them stay cleaner longer too.
And your carpets are going to smell a little fresh because the folks who drive concepts apply a disinfectant as they do in a cleaning job and the wife to charge to you.
And speaking of charges, don't forget one of the great things about them.
You never have to ring your hands and worry, are they going to tack on some bad surprises at the end of the job because they give you a written guaranteed job right up front before they ever start doing anything.
In addition to great carpet cleaning, we also do a super job of furniture cleaning, draper cleaning, spot dying, fiber protection, carpet repairs in plantarine or rug service, the
utilization even complete water damage restoration. Nobody in the universe does it for you like drive concepts, which is why I've been using them for years and they'd
be a lot of work today. And every year around the holidays season, I donate money to cancer society because both my parents died of cancer.
But they're not doing enough in my opinion for research for that disease. So this year I'm going to send another check to you for $100.
Maybe that's great.
Thank you.
And I appreciate it. And if just every listener would do a dollar to you, I mean, you raise a 10 million dollars.
I'm raising $100,000 on this radio show with the audience that we allegedly have out there and we must have because everywhere I go, everybody listen to the show.
It should be a piece of cake. It should be like hopping out a bed in the morning.
Like you say, it's a thing come for a dollar two dollars. They don't have to even buy these. They still would raise the money.
Right. There you got it.
But I'm I am going to do that and it's in memory of my mom and dad and keep up the good work. Thanks a lot. Bye.
See there you go. There's a great guy. We got people out there that have you know what and it's all tax deductible. By the way, I just mentioned in passing.
Are we going to get to work 100 grand? No. Well, die trying to open lines and date and all of our we got one call left on the board again here on another coma inducing Monday.
Are we going into a coma any second now? Are we all going to that rip and we call so a trance? Well, just play vocal brand stuff to rest of the day to pick that one guy off.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the mobile one line. Here's a lady in North Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, man. I called you in August. Early August. Greg for went to Vegas.
And the reason I'm going back is I'm a letter carrier and I was born for a while when I came back. You were having all your problems with your mail. Uh huh.
And well, I didn't catch the drift of that. But apparently finally straightened out. I hope. But what I do when people have problems.
And it's a new forward. I just send them the mail undercover. You know, in the envelope. Not not in my a neck of the words. They didn't do that.
Yeah, I heard they didn't. And what surprised me was a lot of letter carriers called you. But nobody said anything about because you were speaking of the Aberton rating and the news and ratings.
Yeah, I'm a little nervous. And if I start watching my mail and the people I'm delivering these to have to be at least 75 or 80. Am I right? And most of them.
I couldn't even hear you station if they turned it on. Oh, yeah. And I just wanted you to know that might be part of the problem. If everybody else is like mine. Now once in a while, I am starting to get some younger people moving in.
But on those half of them are left without order, which means they don't give me a forward. You know, or like they're not exactly there. So I just thought and also I'm whammy. I live right on top of this store cable. Well, it's not store anymore.
I have so many ghosts on my screen. I got so many technical problems. It's like they're saying, hey, you can't possibly want to watch this because you can't hear it. And you can't see it. But other net it in the grade. Right. Well, I can hear it.
Yeah. But you know, I'm a see if I'm going to watch it. I'm not missing anything to watch an old crappy re ones that have been on 8 million times. And they just can't figure out when they're not getting the big number. And nobody's watching it, especially with all that great promotion. They did. Oh, I don't know. I would watch it because I'm. I watched murder. She wrote, you know, I know God. It works anything. Okay. Have a great day.
Have a nice day. Okay. Bye. Bye. Okay. That takes care of our calls for today. Get where all those pan and the ass callers kind of clean things up a little bit.
And it's only like 10 to 1. We only got another hour and 10 minutes to go with the no callers on the board. This is a stellar. Baby, it's back to spectacular.
Spectacular. 5 670560. Any interest out there. It's going to be this way all the way through these great holidays. That's what I'm afraid of.
5 670560 and 0.560 on the mobile one line. We're waiting. I'm waiting to stick my finger on it. Okay. I'm waiting for a light. I'm waiting for a signal. I'm waiting for a breath. I'm waiting for like any indication. There might be somebody living in a live out there. Is there anybody living in a live.
No, anybody close to it. If there anybody in out of the age of 100. Anybody who speaks English. No. 5 670560. 0.560 on the mobile one line.
Here's a mobile in pop and oh, hello. Hey, Neil, how you doing today? I think I found where everybody's at today. They're in the mall. Yeah. And I got a little. I went to go to get a parking space and there was a lady that jumped in front of me.
She wanted to park in my space. Yeah. She was reserving it. I believe for herself because she did weigh about what my truck weighs itself. So I don't know, this kind of time of year, I kind of thank God I'm Jewish because I'm talking underwear whenever so easy to buy.
Oh, there you go. Okay, pal. Happy to new go. Okay. There's a Jewish truck driver, whatever he was in. We have an open line and brought 600 and date 5 670560. 0.560 on the mobile one line.
As we keep squeezing, as we try to keep extracting like that, Harold editorial said how they extract the money very gently from your wallet at the permutuals, unlike the casinos that just the anchored out and the money to.
Here's a mobile in dear field beach. Hello. Neil, yes, sir. Good morning. How are you? Okay. Love your show. Long time. Listener. I'm going to Europe. This holiday season for the first time and I'll be in Munich and in Sputegart.
Well, it's just curious if you knew how the transportation would be for getting over to Amsterdam and what the cost is for some of the train or the airplane only.
Oh, you can take the train, but from Munich or Stuttke, I don't know where Stuttke is. I know we're in Munich. It's going to take you several hours by train.
Is it pretty reasonable or is it better? Train is better to drive. Well, if you want to rent a car, I will you're going to get there. I will think I held it a lot sooner. I don't know how many hundred miles it is from Munich to Amsterdam. I have no idea.
And one of the questions because you're a world traveler. You know, my parents were over there for like 400 bucks and I'm paying like seven, eight years. I'm up to 800. And it was just two weeks ago. Any reason for that?
On the same airline. On the same airline. And you're going coach? Well, I think the town also thought, yeah, coach, yeah. Unfortunately. Well, I haven't got any idea. They charge you whatever the, you know, whatever you would think at this time of the year. This year is how it isn't peak time to be traveling over to Europe.
That's what my traveling. She said because of this time of year, they're able to bump the rates, which they're able to bump them up at this time. Well, maybe because of Christmas, maybe because of the holiday.
Well, thanks for the info. I appreciate it. Have a great time, pal. You too. Okay. It was me. I'd hop out of plane, but you know, I'm the big spender. I hop on a plane. I'll have time to waste sitting on trains for hours.
We have two open lines a day, two and powered five six seven, oh five 60, Palm five 60 on a mobile one. Get out that whip. Get out the horse whip. The Kelly Shepherd gave a years ago.
And see if you can whip these bastards into a friend. Can you do it? No, can't do it. They're all of them all. They're all slipping. They're all shopping. They're beating each other like the guy said before. Over parking spaces. They're shooting each other.
They're not going each other down because the other guys got the last for me in the store. Oh, yeah. This is the time of year. Goodwill. Good piece. They're all looking for a good piece on earth.
We don't want a good piece. Here's a mobile in Bokeh. Hello.
Mobile in Bokeh. Okay. Thank you. Here's the mobile in the Hollywood. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, Neil. I'm a living and breathing normal guy.
You were just asking for something to call. Yeah. Hey, 80 bucks for orange bolt tickets. I nearly died. What's up with that? Meaning what? Well, it's an awful lot of money to go to a stinkin football game.
Well, then my suggestion is I got a real easy solution for you. I know don't go. Go stay home and watch it on TV.
Great. I could. In addition to a two in the right mind, we're going to go to the orange ball anyway. Haven't the name moved again this year back to the orange ball.
Well, want to make it a little more fun because it's more of an ambiance. You call that ambiance. Well, the the P. P. Park or whatever they call it now is sort of a sterile place.
Yeah, I'd rather have sterile than be in a toilet. But if that's what you like, more power to your pal, cough up the 80 bucks and have a great time for that ambiance.
Dave County where there is no ambiance is dead as a door nail 5 670 560, 05 560 on the mobile one line. Here's a mobile in Coral Springs. Hello.
And you know how you don't today. Okay. You know, you're only saying this is a police state. Well, I got one more thing to add to to that for the holidays.
Apparently, one of the local police stations are going around to these bars at night and they're putting a duct tape over the back.
Back to your car that we pull out other cops will know that you've been to a bar and immediately play over.
How long can they put duct tape on your car? I don't know. But that's just a tip off the other cops so that they can pull you over and have a breathalyzer test.
Yeah. Okay. Thanks for the good news. They're putting duct tape on your car. No. Okay. Whatever he says. We have an open line and date one in the browser 500 and Palm Beach 604 buyers 5 670 560, 05 60 on the mobile one line. Good. God almighty.
I didn't tell you about my the summer vacation. It did I George starts tomorrow through the end of the year. Oh, yeah. I didn't tell you about that. I forgot.
You the amazing how fast I can get on a plane. I can be out of playing the you name it fill in the blank within like in a heart heartbeat.
New balances arrived in the heart and soul of adventurer float is very first new balance concepts storm on a holy 10 in the US is now open in the
year. I'm sure a mall what makes new balance of better athletics you for one thing since most people speak don't come in just a few
with some sizes neither does new balance. In fact, most of their shoes are available and with from a narrow double a to an expensive for
re in sizes from kids to 18. Additionally, new balances patented absorb technology and graphite rule bar create the
ultimate cushioning instability. But die tourist and orthopedists love new balance because they make the best shoes for people who are serious about sports, health and fitness.
And I love the pair they brought me a couple weeks ago. They're fantastic walking shoes comfortable as can be new balance specializes in support cushion comfort.
So come check out the photos most complete line of new balance shoes for sports dress and casual wear as well as the latest signature apparel to new balance. Miami. You'll find them in the
year. We have an adventure mall or call them a 305 931 1290 this year for the holidays give the gift of fifth from new balance.
Q a M Scott Monday night football tonight this week. The green Bay Packers at the Tampa Bay Bucket Ears Q a M's Monday night pre
day. Why from Pomano Park? March at six kick off at eight 20 on sports radio 5 60 Q a M. The meal Roger show now on 5 60 WQ a M Miami
Port Lauderdale. And the water to the lower. I can't take it easy. I ate the wrong thing and I. I gotta let my hands out. They feel a little too tight.
I'm going to be. I'm going to be. I'm going to be. I'm going to be. I'm going to be. I'm going to be. I'm going to be. I'm going to be. I'm going to be. I'm going to be. I'm going to be. I'm going to be. I'm going to be. I'm going to be. I'm going to be. I'm going to be. I'm going to be. I'm going to be. I'm going to be. I'm going to be. I'm going to be. I'm going to be. I'm going to be. I'm going to be. I'm going to be. I'm going to be. I'm going to be. I'm going to be. I'm going to be. I'm going to be. I'm going to be. I'm going to be. I'm going to be. I'm going to be. I'm going to be. I'm going to be. I'm going to be
I'm going to be. I'm going to be.
I'm going to take my time.
If I drop a strong warm towel, you'll find.
And it's all go-spittin' when my kissy-dog twisted me.
And it's all go-spittin' when my kissy-dog twisted me.
And it's all go-spittin' when my kissy-dog twisted me.
And it's all go-spittin' when my kissy-dog twisted me.
And now the picky, the ill-use you thrive on at our team.
Our building can't arena for the Miami-Doo.
I've been to a arena, somehow, to a deep rise.
Better ask your full, important, and at your lifeline.
And the air is lost now.
There's no basketball.
They're all on strides.
Right strides will place down.
And insurance checks would sure be right.
Before we use our ass, take that tan of tan.
Oh!
Nice, that's that!
Oh, I'm not so sure of you!
Nice, baby, nice, so sure of you!
Do you know, like me, that's so sure of you?
Do you know, like me, that's so sure of you?
Are you sure of you?
Double shot of Boca-Brown and you're back to back.
And wouldn't you know that's all it starts to get Mr. Boca,
who's called 400 times all right today.
Evidently Boca must have turned him down in the bar somewhere.
But that's fantastic.
That's done.
Am I calls back saying what?
Get this retort off the air.
I love it!
All right!
Okay.
We have an open line in Broward two a day.
Now I feel better.
5-6-7-0-5-60, 0.5-60 on the AT&T wireless line.
All Boca-Brown vits from out to the end of the year, by the way.
I'm part of our big juggernaut holiday celebration.
Here's a mobile in February 5th.
Hello?
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I know you're like a little child with tips now.
And then, Southwest Airlines is running a special $99 anywhere in the United States.
Coast to coast.
Yeah.
One way.
Where did I go?
Well, I'm going to Portland for $99.
$99?
$99.
I'm going to put a lot of that to Portland.
Yeah.
That's pretty darn good.
They're running it now for like, how long?
Through December 16th.
Oh.
Well, I guess I'm going to have to take that vacation start tomorrow.
Sounds good to me.
I recommend it.
Okay, thanks.
There you go.
Sounds good. Let's start.
I'll take a vacation like right now.
We've just been getting out of here at two o'clock.
Head for the airport.
Go somewhere.
Hop on the old Southwest.
Just take me out of here, please.
Two open lines a day.
Two and a-broward.
Five, six, seven, eight, five, six, eight, five, six, eight, five, six, eight, eight.
Oh, speaking of the mail and all the other good stuff in my doctor and my prescriptions.
I don't want to rip Dr. Mark on the ear because he's a very busy and important guy.
And he's rounding up that doctor's union.
He's the head honcho.
And he's a great guy and a great doctor and a good friend.
But a little slow on those prescriptions.
I called him last Tuesday in his office.
And I said, it's not, see, I made a mistake.
I said, it's not an emergency, but I need a prescription because I'm running out of certain things.
And I said, you know, my drugs.
And I can't go to Amsterdam this month.
So I need drugs.
And he said, but it'd be incredible.
I said here, just, I don't need you to call anybody.
Just drop them in an envelope, put them in the mail.
I gave them my, you know, a P.O. box address, the whole thing.
When's they came?
Did they come in the mail on Wednesday?
No.
Thursday came.
Did my prescriptions come on Thursday?
No.
Friday came.
Did they come on Friday?
No.
Saturday came.
Did they come?
I got my check from Wany by the way.
On Saturday.
Did my prescriptions come from Dr. Mark on Saturday?
No.
So what I should have said is I have like one or two pills left of each of these, whatever it is I take for blood pressure and whatever else.
And I need this immediately if not sooner than maybe.
Maybe I might have gotten them like sometime before the new year.
You know what I'm saying?
Dr. Mark, you're a great guy, but your office there is a little slow.
A little on the slow side.
Here's a mobile in Hollywood.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes sir.
Yeah, this is a big one.
I'm the first time caller here.
I know you had a day that we're talking about the time consuming on the answer replays.
You got the last night's football game at 94 commercials without the quarters and without the match.
I said there is no more game name.
We're just spots.
You know, I've got to add the small days.
So I'm just flipping from one game to another game.
And there are times when you can flip the every single game that's on right like in the middle of a quarter.
And every one of them is in a commercial break every single game.
Because you know, they got to pay that the $80 trillion dollar deal that they signed.
You know, all the networks are just salivating for all of this great stuff.
So that you got to pay for it.
Pretty soon the games will take like five six hours to get all the spots in there.
Two open lines in day two and Broward five six seven oh five sixty five sixty on the AT&T wireless line.
There's a mobile and boi and beach down is that mean it's a real Colin Boi and beach which we never get.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes sir.
Neil, how are you?
Okay.
I love your show.
I'm just calling to say Merry Christmas and Happy New Year.
And are you from Rochester, New York?
Yes.
Last time I checked.
I'm from up in that area too.
Yeah.
I'm from California.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Out there in the sticks.
Uh huh.
Okay.
And I tried your fishing or your beach trips.
They're good.
They're great.
Yep.
They're good.
But don't tell anybody about it because then there'll be more for us.
Yep.
Who does your parody?
You know the songs and your um...
Can I buy the name of Boka Brian?
He's the greatest talent I've ever known in my life.
So he's a genius.
Unbelievable.
I see him.
He's uh it's fantastic and I have a friend that uh I sort of get a little gift for every year just uh because he helps me out and uh I'm getting him your taste this year because he's gonna love it.
Thank you so much.
Okay.
Here.
Here you go.
Boka Brian is on our tape.
That's the deal because he's the best.
And that other guy is just jealous.
He just wishes he had the talent and his whole body that Boka's gotten his left testicle if he ever get five one.
We have an open line in Broward.
All three in date.
Five six seven oh five sixty.
Pound five sixty.
How do you 18 T and T wireless lines?
Here's a mobile in four-letter deal.
Hello?
Yes sir.
Good afternoon.
So far.
Good afternoon.
You're on the phone.
Yes.
I'm looking for the orange ball on Saturday.
I'm listening.
Okay.
Sorry.
Randy West.
At the orange ball.
Randy West was at the orange ball.
Randy West.
Yeah.
Well, we're the one right.
We saw those people scattering.
Oh by the way, speaking of scattering by the way.
That horrendous accident they had at Veteran Stadium.
I'm sure you saw it even though you're not a sports fan.
They showed it on the news 10,000 times.
With the cadets.
And they were all by the way doing that for the cameras.
They were doing that for the network that was televised in the Army Navy game.
Hey everybody like lean forward on a railing.
And I was like, you know, like, oops.
Oops.
So if you think it's only channels seven that are a bunch of grave robbers.
So I'm sitting here this morning before the show starts minding my own business.
CNN must have shown it now 72 million six hundred thousand times.
Because they just happen to have the tape from the game.
Over and over and over.
And you know something every time they show it, they still fall down.
How do you like that?
Yeah.
Every time they show it.
I mean, when you think by now they would learn that the goddamn railing is loose and don't do it.
Every time they show it, those poor bastards, those cadets still take a flop.
We got one call on the board, maybe in 50, one minutes to go.
Is there any interest out there?
Oh.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line 109 of QAM.
Time to get that holiday gift list shortened down by getting over to one of appliance TV depots for locations.
Because right now as I speak, everything in all four stores is on sale.
You need a big screen TV set. They're all on sale.
How about a VCR that on your list every single VCR at appliance TV depots on sale?
How about a washer dryer set, a cancorder, a DVD player, a satellite system, a dishwasher, telephone.
It's all on sale and it's huge savings like you won't see any play itself.
For example, a 27 inch color TV, only 228 bucks.
It's all on sale right now.
And all only at appliance TV depot where each and every product in the store is marked down to save you a ton of cash.
Applimes TV depot they got four locations for you.
You'll find them in Miami Lake, Syria, 57th at the Palmetto.
They're in Coral Gables. They're on US 1 North of the Falls and Northwest 77th Court right off the Palmetto.
You want a great deal during the holidays? Head for appliance TV depot.
All your clients deal.
All right.
Now I'm in Coral Gables.
I saw this on the pop-up, so yesterday the seat was in my car.
All my friends think I was looking.
And that's the red neck bar.
Oh, I saw this on the thick clothes.
I saw this on the top.
I saw this in my shaving cream.
So I left it on my face.
When I went to work, I looked like a church and I was fired in the spring.
Driving home, I was all alone, taking some of my playing tricks on me.
But if the mirror was mirror, I could see Jesus.
Hearing back at me.
I saw Jesus.
I was in a fire, a fire, a fire.
Oi!
I saw Jesus.
I popped up to the streets in my car.
All my friends think I was looking.
And the red neck bar.
I saw Jesus.
I was in Oh, I was all alone
All!
For Jesus, for the ghost of all I was all alone
I saw Him on the side of the top
When the gloves clown my favorite.
I saw Him in the boner's jaw.
I'm the Chief Justice of the State of all the lo-lo-lo-lo.
You are very unique here.
What's the feeling of 5.50 W. Kim?
People in your blood, that guy's lying.
We want to hear again from him that Bokobrand is a no-tellin' douchebag
that they're right off with a guy's life or whatever the problem was.
Okay, we have it open.
It's a Bokobrand festival, maybe, between now and New Year's.
It's the fall of 1999, too.
It's gonna be all Bokobrand day every day, Monday through Friday,
and twice a day on a weekend.
Because the sports show is gonna be playing Bokobrand bit.
Open line and brow at all three, of course, in date.
Now that we blocked that guy's lying in your three holy old boyfriends out there.
5.6705.60,
0.560 on the AT&T wireless line.
See, there are only like five callers.
I've told you that.
I mean, after all the sports stuff that happened this weekend,
and I'm here in the last 20 or 30 minutes of that morning show,
and there's Joe, that chronic sports collar Joe with the thick boys.
I mean, his boys just makes me want to have like screaming diary right in his chair here.
And the guy with the eyes, and there was another one, a cry.
I hear three chronics in a row.
So it goes to show, there's only like what I say, two callers doing a voice.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I bought your $20 EV, and I was happy to do it.
Because it's cost, but I don't know if you if you've been to the records lately and use the records for what?
Well, the cash here hits you up for a dollar for for some hospital,
but every record every time and after giving away about three dollars,
I finally said no.
I mean, because you mean when you when you go to the register to cash out?
Yes.
How about can they do that?
Just say no, the records.
That's all.
You know, so I shop the Walgreens by the way I say proudly.
So anyway, I find the opposite of pencil because they they they they beg for a dollar away from you every single time you go in.
They don't miss a beat.
Yeah.
But anyway, that's my.
Okay.
Well, thanks for your help.
And like I said, Walgreens is great.
Two open lines a day to a brow.
And I hate records five six seven O five 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
One thing about records man, every transaction is like a major transaction.
You could be buying a thing at M&M for quite six and you go to cash out of the counter with records every transaction.
There's some old lady in front of you.
Always a blue hair.
She's got 72 coupons.
She's returning something.
She's got a song and then and then she's got that brochure.
You know, I'm talking about the brochure.
You get in the mail or you find on the floor in the newspaper that she stole at the out of the newspaper on the stand there.
With all the coupons in it.
Well, let's see is this item on sale.
I don't know.
Let's leave through 500 pages and see if we can find it in here.
Sweetheart.
Well, all these other people are like foaming at the mouth because they got like two or three items and they'd like to get out of here sometime before they croak.
Every single transaction at records is a major few among this transaction.
Here's a mobile in Bokeh.
Hello.
Hey, yeah, how you doing?
I'm a different Brian in mobile and Bokeh.
Yeah.
Who's this other church?
Who the hell is this other church?
Sky's ruining my name around town.
I'm going to have to kick his ass by that.
That would have a use.
What jerk?
This other Bokeh Brian.
Yeah, he's great.
He's a Bokeh.
Yeah.
Hey, you're right about that.
Aren't you, boy?
We went down into a hurricane's game and that was parked across the street and stayed behind some apartments and it was like a
17, 18 apartments over there and all the washers and drives are outside.
Right.
There you go.
That's a nice friendly neighborhood.
In fact, you can do your laundry there and then between quarters.
How long we did?
Yeah, we got a couple of loads done.
Okay, I bet you did.
Yeah, okay.
You got a couple of loads at the Orange Bull.
Two open lines a day, two and a row.
Let's get this.
Let's boost these baskets up a little bit here between now.
We got 41 minutes.
Are we going to make it till two?
No.
I doubt it.
A gut wrenching Monday, man.
Just when you expected to release, I should have known today when the very first call was my good friend Nick, which I'm
smoking one of his great cigars right now, by the way.
I should have known when the very first call was Nick go, how can I try to think about that FFA and David Katen said this and
but I'll be, forget about those guys.
I'm okay, Nick.
Forget about them.
They're small potatoes.
Okay.
They're three guys who sheep ran away and they're pretty upset about it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Are you following me?
Are we going too fast?
Is that the problem?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 0 and pound 5, 60 out of 18 to the line we pay for it.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Good afternoon, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Long time, few times.
Okay.
I want to thank you for the same tickets I won last two weeks ago.
I think I was a girls team, right?
A girls team that beat the crap out of Dallas by the way.
Oh, yeah.
Hey, how about that?
I was there.
Oh, God.
I've got sexual excitement from seeing bits and pieces of that.
Yeah, well, so Detroit.
Robert.
Listen, Neil, I need to find out.
That's what you want to see at the center.
Yes.
I need to find out where's your borders in Miami.
I live like in Southwest Miami.
Kendall?
Kendall and what?
Kendall Drive by, I mean, not Kendall Drive.
Well, it's like a Dixie highway.
Well, they call the whole area Kendall.
But there's no, but Dixie Highway at Kendall Drive.
Oh, Dixie and Kendall.
Right across from shorties.
Oh, I know shorties.
Well, right across the street.
I've been to shorties.
Not that.
Okay.
Actually, I know shorties too.
Believe me.
Neil, one last thing.
Can I suck around to call somebody douchebag?
Yeah.
Shock, Andy and Vega.
You're all douchebag.
Okay.
Thank you, Neil.
20 to 30 CDs.
Thank you in advance.
Okay, Dave County, all three lines in date open.
Anybody who speaks English in date?
No.
5667-0560, pont 560.
Because I want to tell you one thing.
We're always hearing about the great contributions that certain ethnic groups have made the
Dave County and how it would be nothing to do for them.
Have they made a contribution to this show?
No.
No, just a bunch of cranks.
That's all we got.
Do we have any Holyoes out there who've got anything to say about anything on this show?
No.
Ever.
No.
Okay, just checking.
Used to be once upon a time we did back on that other station.
But those were, that was a whole different ambiance here.
You know, here we're like on Little Island.
Like a little ugly island there in the middle of the Caribbean.
I don't remember the name begins with a sea or something.
Okay, here's a mobile in the Pompano.
Hello.
Hey, yeah, maybe your audience is.
Yeah, okay.
Mobile in Parkland, who's really in Boca or Boiton Beach with the same pony voice.
What did you get four words out this time?
My audience of which you are a daily part and daily caller, which nobody, and like I said,
go back to New York.
We'll wait for the day that we don't hear from you because that's the day we'll have a party knowing that you did go back to New York with that obnoxious stereotypical New York accent and attitude.
Okay.
You disgusting piece of walking, turd you, taking a pressure that other people could be breathing every single day.
This guy's got a sarcastic, open, big push.
Give me a big song and a dance like we're really impressed.
I'm losing sleep over you, pal.
Do you believe me?
No.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Every single day this man is there.
You could bet your life on, okay?
You could feel your depends just waiting for the moment.
There he is.
Here's a lady mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Hi, Neil. How are you?
Great.
I love your show.
God, you sound so happy.
These people are also bummed out today.
You think their dog didn't dump any of you living on or something.
Well, I'm happy because I get to listen to you.
Right? That should be enough.
And I'm on my way to my house.
So I'm a little nervous.
Oh, congratulations.
Thank you.
You're buying a house?
Yes.
Here?
Oh, yeah.
Well, it's cheaper than rent.
Yeah.
So where are you buying a house?
Tamerak.
Oh, Tamerak.
You sound much too young to live in Tamerak.
Oh, I know.
God.
But it's quiet.
Yeah, you're right.
So that's all I care about.
Are you a quiet, like a mausoleum?
That's good.
There's something to be said for them.
Well, sometimes.
Well, congratulations.
Thank you.
Two things about records really quick.
Yes.
Have you ever gotten pictures developed there?
No.
It's miserable.
Don't.
They don't develop all your pictures.
They don't give you all your negatives.
They make up excuses about it.
And also, Mr. Eckert, the man who founded the store.
Right.
Well, this is what I've been told.
Is it apparently he was a big Nazi?
Right, right wing fanatic.
Yeah.
Who used to run for office and lose here before years, right?
Yeah.
Okay, well, you knew.
So it's not.
Jack Eckert.
Jack Eckert.
And even though he doesn't own it anymore, his name is Delana,
so that's good enough for me to shove it to Walgreens.
Exactly.
Right.
Let's Walgreens do stuff nicer.
I love Walgreens.
Me too.
Okay.
Okay, well, thank you, Neil.
Have a good day.
Best of luck.
Good night.
Tamerak.
Oh, it's the American.
Not Gokoblin.
Damn it.
We have stuff.
And packing stuff.
There's a town.
Call Tamerak, which is old.
On a cold attack, answer that's about the boy next door.
They all drive.
For half a mile a day, where all of that Gucci smile is spent.
In light of wild wind on their neighbors.
Leading man had to.
The rights and will.
That's not enough to leave the preference.
The eternal.
In your look.
Down the Jersey turns like the town of the right.
Throw all the malls.
And the sidewalks held from your head.
As you wrap your nails, tell your friends.
They're going to bloom and they're really won't fit far behind.
And they're going to bloom.
And they're going to bloom.
And they're going to bloom.
Leading man had to.
The rights and will.
That's an island to.
Leave the preference.
Throw all the malls.
And don't look.
Down the Jersey turns like the town.
All of them in the sidewalks held from your head.
As you wrap your nails, tell your friends.
They're going to bloom and they're really won't fit far behind.
Down south.
And the wagon's back there's a town.
Call town or act where you live.
All the calls and sex and adventure about the boy next door.
Down south.
And the wagon's back there's a town.
Call town or act where you live.
All the demographics of a camera at just more 20 years.
20 years back to that life.
So you choose to move it in there and they're all saying,
I hope he passes the, don't they have like you have to pass a thing.
You have to lie and say that you're over age of 100 to get in there.
Thank you, dude.
26th after one, you have to lie and say that you like disgusting old parts
that check your mail out and steal early bird and the sweet and low.
26th after one at 560 WQM and all Boka Brian Monday.
Never before has had the cellular carrier ever offered what I'm going to tell you about right now.
Mobile one is revolutionized the cellular industry with their new 24-7 digital rate,
which gives you unlimited cell talk 24 hours at 8 7 days a week.
You pay one flat rate of 225 a month and talk all you want.
Just talk up a storm.
And this includes free caller ID, free voice mail, free Florida Roman,
mobile one's digital clarity.
So now you can make calls on your cell phone.
You wouldn't dream of making before like a public utility or calling my doctor's office
and ask them where my prescriptions are.
When you're getting unlimited airtime for only 225 bucks a month, the sky's the limit.
So if your business calls for cellular power talk, get you this 24-7 digital rate of talk
on and on and on 24 hours at 8 7 days a week if you want for just 225 bucks a month.
Only for mobile one and only for a limited time.
So call out today and check it out.
Ask about the 24-7 digital rate.
Call them toll free right now 1-800-FONE-M1.
That's 1-800-FONE-M1.
This is 560-QAL.
Where do you find new zombie?
Right where you got it.
Sports radio 560-QAL.
Just a little bit.
Just a little bit.
Just tell me what your problem is.
Open blind again.
Every good question knows a game to play.
But it's not so very hard to do.
All right.
The aim of the game is survival.
That's what you are.
If you are person it is the way we do.
Tell people you know the way.
It's about a step through your heart.
It's about a step.
Make your possessions away.
Okay.
And then you burn it down.
You can get somebody to believe in you.
If you make your Bible say it's true.
It's about the pop.
No matter what you do, you can see you'll reap.
Of the horse the willing for gives you.
Think of the poison in its name.
It's about a step.
Way that all around.
Find the fortune clinic.
It's about a step.
And shoot a doctor down.
Everybody's playing.
I want more things to be okay.
Okay.
Come on.
Here we go.
We're coming.
Come on.
We're coming.
Feet to try bad as your kids.
Survival.
Say it.
You're too derotty bad.
Survival.
Say it.
You're too derotty bad.
You're on a step from it.
Survival.
Say it.
That's a little bad.
Survival.
Say it.
Survival.
Survival.
Say it.
Do they have that?
One of my good news is they checked over the weekend.
Eliana Ross Layton and Isnery, a reincarnation of Jose and Rosanna Dana.
That's a good news.
She is Bill de Radner and drag.
132, by the way, a key mother found out and he said,
132 at 560 WQM and speaking of that, speaking of that,
kid career came running down the hallway during that last break.
Tells me the reason we're having a really bad Monday today is that Anna Asquik put a Cuban curse
on me over the weekend.
That's right.
Yes, you heard me talking about her a few weeks ago.
Anna Asquik put a guy down here.
She choked a chicken on her front guy, damn lawn,
and put a curse on me and it showed we got a real tourist baby.
Here's a lady mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Lady mobile.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes.
I was just in Toys R Us shopping and I was hysterical.
There you have a new doll out there.
It's called Tella Babies or...
Tella Tubby.
Yes, tella Tubby.
Yeah, the one at Allegedly says a lot of crap and they did not go to say it.
Yes, it does say it.
Really?
I mean, it's obvious.
Really?
Oh, yeah.
It's obvious what it says.
It's the little red one.
And it says, oh, a little red one.
I got one of those, yeah.
It's a little red one.
A red one.
That says that.
Yep.
And it also says, he's an asshole.
Yeah.
That's the yellow one that says the S word.
Uh-huh.
But there's a star.
I was in Toys R Us shopping myself.
I had to call you and tell you what it says.
Great.
It'll condition all the kids to be ready to listen to this show.
Oh, yeah.
It's good for two and three olds.
Next one.
Okay.
Okay, bye.
Thanks for the good news, okay?
Peace, okay, the S word.
We have an open line at Broward.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
05, 5, 60.
Out of the AT&T wireless line.
Obviously, they were out of Furby's dammit.
Here's Miami.
Hello?
I'm a Phillips.
What is it?
Thomas Phillips.
What do you just say?
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
But that's what I'm calling about.
I wanted to call Friday and
but I was a little late.
Who was the athlete that made the
comparison between laws and
Fabio.
That was Tary Mori.
That was our coach.
That was Tary Mori.
Good luck.
We were with scene-time.
It was a's volleyball show.
True.
Fabio changed the game together.
it's played right i have always the greatest player who ever played the game in
paul os is a great guy and listen to the show and it's a good solid all around
that he's okay but uh... yeah i mean it's just ludicrous it's just ridiculous
to say it yeah it is i i myself i'm a big uh... brood fan right
i grew up watching bobby are
and the whole paul os will be the first guy to tell you he couldn't carry bobby
yours jock strap you know i feel a stasito if you want to so got them greedy
bobby all would have a lot more goals
right that right they're even better they run them you're right
they're right now can i call somebody to say yes sir
i'll rob the fox and uh...
but i'm not a lot of the book to stay okay
and uh... don't forget what's his name rob bonnet donner what was his name
come on what was his name come on a dot
christ bonnet donner don't forget his to do spag to i would say to that guy
doesn't have to call
we have an open line a day one and broard five six seven o five sixty pound five
sixty on the eighteen t wireless line
here's pinecrest hello
yes sir
there's book a brand take collaboration on lyrics and stuff
somebody that might be able to help sure what will help him what
continue what he's doing all i see how i give you a uh... give you sample if you
want
okay we have an open line and broard to a day five six seven every
set us a tape okay set us a tape oh by the way i forgot to listen to that
tape that guy that called me to the hero
that timber whatever was the most i'll get to a tim okay
the fact that you call me seven eight days in a row including two or three
times at home
have kind of like uh... you know solve the whole thing often my mind but i'll
get around with sitting around somewhere that they'll get to it just relax
will make you a star
here's hollywood hello
you know how you today okay sir
uh... i just want to know what's your opinion on romanians
on romanians yeah i don't know any romanian
i don't know any romanians you
i am romanian by the way i'm wondering well
i'll just a lot of no
well how come we don't know any romanians i don't know
me some famous romanians
famous romanians
yeah
they have too many but in comments about it
love rachel okay pat your okay my book there's a romani and there you go
asking you shall we see we wanted somebody a little bit different out of the
ordinary not just another pedestrian same old tire repeated everybody else
he's a god damn romanian
open-line and brown or two and eight five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty on the eighteen t warless line the verdict is still out twenty three
minutes until two we got hand-spended by a chula state to it uh... to a clock
then we got boogan kimba bokeh camper from pop it apart with the pre-money
that footballer strafaganza from six until eight
and then we got the packers in tapah bade night any interest in that game
no eight o'clock tonight
here's my any hello
a deal yes sir
uh... nice talking to you big fan years
make this nice short and sweet
uh...
the listening to you on the radio earlier
mention about how nobody's any a check and then
just left the post office
the check in the mail for you
thank you so much all right thank you
thank you thank you for everybody how they thought you there you go
i'm gonna get i mean this is my small go out with a bang it's my last fundraiser
i'm guarantee that i just uh... you know
just too much pleading and begging and squeezing in too much lack of cooperation
and lack of interest in the you know the fact is that uh... every it's like
everything else it runs its course
and i'm well aware of the fact that because it's in a one of the hate to help
people with hiv and that it's a there are many of you out there who won't give
a dime to it because you think that it all of the fact thing it's something to do
with aids
you know that and i'm not going to waste my time sitting here giving you a
lecture explaining you that they help a hell of a lot of people no matter what
that's got nothing to do with it i'm not going to waste my time with it
because if you that stupid but there is that stigma and that's one of the reasons
why it's a hundred times harder to raise money for organizations like center one
than it used to be for criminal south
i'll tell you one more time for the west coast when we used to do the criminal
south things every single day there used to be a pilot checks in the mail every day
for three months or whatever was we were doing a campaign every single day here
was fifty bucks in one check here was a hundred here was ten little ladies in ten
issues whatever the hell it was
but now we got a whole different ball game because we got a lot of ignorant
stupid bigoted narrow minded people out there including in this audience
that don't want to help out because it's got something to do with that the a
word and maybe the h word they assume huh right as an hiv
twenty one before two at five sixty wqa m if you want to put some real serious
pleasure in your post in fact i got one of next great cigars over here right
now next to guards is the best i mean this is the only place in time you need to
think of when you were looking for great cigar because for three generations
now they've been making great cigars that we know how to do it and next is the
largest manufacturer of premium hand rolled cigars the west of a now i want you
to do something because nick was our first car out of the box today and really
kind of set the tone for the show today terminal i mean just kill me kill me
i don't want to make the feel bad about it he just devastated me today
hacking me a china got another letter he got from the Florida family association
and david katon and but i beat but i was so depressed after that i just wanted to blow my brain
okay so make next feel better okay every two zine wins day when you go down a
next you get a ten percent discount everything you buy just for mentioning my name
mention david katon's name will probably kick you out but mention my name will give you
ten percent off whatever you buy every two zine wins day so this week tomorrow
wednesday for sure i want him to do so much business just approved of him that we
got people out there listening that we don't give a crap about the ffa we don't
care about david katon and his sheep and his other three people over there in
the hampa we don't care we do care about great premium cigars which nicks has got the best
in the world whether you like mild ones strong ones in between ones big ones small ones so road
on there and like really leave it in person on there which he's already got a big impression
but magnify times a hundred because this is the greatest place in the world for premium cigars
at affordable prices and you save the extra ten percent on two zines wins day for mentioning
that obnoxious needle down there at nicks where do you find them seventy one eleven west flag
versus reaches one mile do east off your flag versus me exit of the palmino expressway
or column at 305 266 9907 put some serious pleasure in your mouth the best in the universe from
our friends at nicks regards
when my little little girl she wants to make big sec she goes down and gets a little bit
i just go like my bike
by
I miss her quite a lot.
Kind of a fat.
It's a thing they can't seem to hide.
Kind of a fat.
They can't if they just say like, guys.
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh.
Good, good, good, good, good, good.
Tommy Cruz, I'm the best.
I'm the MC.
We're the only people we should know.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Just hear me, oh, oh.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Kind of a fat.
What's Michael Jackson like to do?
Kind of a fat.
Who's he kidding?
Is it you?
No, no, no, no, no.
I'm talking about the ass-buzz Coleman, how Rick and Suds feel about losing both of Brian
to this show and not having him do any more of their bids.
Well, that makes us feel like duty.
Exactly.
15-2, we got the Hank Goldberg show at 2 o'clock.
I've been through that whole rundown, okay?
And now you guys are going to be screaming in the Ellen because they're going to be bickering
about Channel 4 for the rest of the week because they didn't see the end of the Jet
game.
You know something, you're better off that you didn't see the end of that game.
You're at hell of a lot better off unless, of course, you were a Jet's fan, in which case,
we don't care.
But you're at hell of a lot better if you hate the Jet's like most people in this town
that you did not see the end of that game because you'd be spitting blood, you'd be vomiting.
Your kishkis would be twisted even if you don't know what it means.
Here's a mobile implantation.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Great.
All right.
Listen, I just came out from Puerto Rico about, I don't know, two or three weeks ago.
Yeah.
So I'm going to the screen and guess what I see?
You're pushed right on the screen.
That's a Jesus.
You guys got Neil right on the, you know, I guess all the Julio's are checking out over there.
Where am he comes in in Puerto Rico?
Yes.
Huh.
And I was flipping through it.
Oh my God.
Of course, you know, my lady's going out.
Neil again, Neil again, you know, the way they are, you know.
Yes, I do.
So I have a poison.
Yeah.
And I don't know what it is.
I don't understand it.
Listen, we had some people from Costco that brought us some steaks here on Friday.
There was a guy and a young lady.
And the guy sent another room while I'm on the year and I'm carrying on and he's laughing up his dorm.
And I'm watching her reaction and you would think that they were listening to do different things
because she's got a sour look on her foot and she's kind of like looking away at the wall
because she's so disgusted she can't even look me in the face.
I don't get it.
But you know what?
Sometimes when I'm watching, you know, you're talking and stuff.
And I turn around and of course, you know, my lady is, you know,
you know, tuned into the screen.
But then when she's watching you and then when you call somebody a bitch or something,
she's, oh, we got it.
You know, and then she's laughing.
Yeah, she's got a, she's got the closet case.
I don't know what the story was.
But anyways, you know, like I said, I was up Puerto Rico and I slipped it over and there you are.
Jesus Christ, man, look at Neil.
She was all fired up.
Oh, you know what I'm saying?
Okay, thanks for the good news.
Thank you, sir.
Well, what else are you going to do in Puerto Rico for crying out loud?
Maybe sharpen your switchblade.
Here's Evan Chura.
Hello?
Evan Chura?
Yes, here I am.
And there you are.
Thank you.
A couple of weeks ago, you were talking about a book from a guy that wrote in Canada
about against religion.
Right.
Fair wealth of God by Charles Templeton, yes, sir.
I didn't get the title.
Charles Templeton.
Fair well to God.
Yeah, well to God.
Thank you very much.
But you won't be able to find it here.
I got to give you a phone number.
Please.
It's not for sale in America to show you what kind of a fascistic, repressive country we live in.
You got to call this toll free number.
They can sell it to you.
You got a pencil?
Yep.
1-800.
That's it.
3-8-7.
Yes.
1-4-1-7.
1-4-1-7.
1-800-3-8-7-14-7.
You got it.
Thank you very much.
And God bless you.
I don't know.
Okay, there you go.
Thank you.
God bless you.
We have two open lines in date.
I just don't get it.
How can that book not be for sale in this country?
I mean, are we that repressed in that much of a fascist run by the religionists?
Are we overrun by a bunch of people with their voodoo, with their superstition choking their chickens on the front lawn?
That what it's all about in America, huh?
Uh-huh.
Thank you.
Here's a market.
Hello?
Hello?
Margate.
Margate, hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yes.
I was racing some horses up at freehold about two months ago and right after I left I got a story that Jackie Lee was fired.
Is that true?
I didn't hear that he was fired.
I knew he had that lawsuit going on with one of the trainers.
You're a dance any?
Right.
That's the one.
Well, he must have did some stuff after that and evidently got fired.
Well, I'm going to find out I'll be at the track tonight.
I'm going to find out if the if he is.
I'll call him or reason to celebrate during the holidays.
You know what?
They know what they say around the track about Jackie Lee, don't you?
What do they say?
He's an asshole.
He, well, no question about it.
Yes, sir.
No question.
Thanks for the good news.
All right.
He made my holidays.
Okay.
We'll check it out.
Open line is Broward to Indeed.
56705, 60, 05, 50, 50 on the 18th.
He left.
Anybody out there who think you got problems on a squeaked and put a Cuban Santa reacurs on you.
I've got some real problems now, man.
I got to go find Samantha from Bewitch to get it on to the goddamn curse.
Maybe your daughter can do it.
Maybe Sabrina can do it.
Under the goddamn curse.
Jackie Lee did get fired.
Jackie Lee, we just had a report.
Jackie Lee did get fired.
The new track announcer's name is Larry Letterman.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
Larry Letterman, who thinks he's David Letterman.
This guy is the worst race announcer.
The whole race he's doing.
He thinks he's a comedian.
He's about as funny as coming home and finding that a cow dropped a pile on your living room carpet right before a big party.
Okay.
Larry Letterman.
Oh, my God.
He is the absolute worst.
He makes me long for the screaming and shouting of Rodney Houston at the Meadows at the Hamiltonian.
Larry Frickin Letterman.
Oh.
Like I said, Jackie Lee wasn't so bad, just misunderstood.
10 before 2 at 5 60, WQM, you want to get a great car, a great value, then you must go to Potampkin Toyota on 441 at 193rd Street.
Potampkin Toyota will not only sell you a car at the lowest price in town, it will give you the service that no other dealer can touch.
Potampkin Toyota introduced windshield pricing, which makes buying or leasing a Toyota as easy as he's walking through the doors, picking out the car that you fall in love with.
And the price is already there, the lowest in the universe, right on the windshield, staring you in the big fat push.
And Potampkin Toyota has got a great selection, man.
They got Corolla's Camry's, Avalon's, the new Salara.
You want a great sport utility vehicle, check out their four winners or lane cruisers, or how about a great Toyota Tacoma truck from Potampkin.
Potampkin Toyota has got all these vehicles ready for delivery at unbeatable prices.
Go see our great friendly folks at Potampkin Toyota or Column at 930 Toyota for the best deal and the best in service too.
Potampkin Toyota on 440-101-93rd Street, just two miles east of PPP Park and right down the street from us here, so how bad can they be, right?
No hassles, no fuzz, no bald head to geek with a big attitude, just great friendly folks and sensational deals all the time at Potampkin Toyota.
This is 5.50 p.m.
I'm the one who said the building is fine too.
My wife took the card over the wall.
She drives my door and she's three feet tall.
Hi!
I wouldn't write what's done, no way.
I said I needed an air lady to dance.
So I'm just sitting on a bench in Del Rey waiting for the rally bus to take me away.
I'm just sitting on a bench in Del Rey with my friend's time.
My wife is tired and tired and changed.
First the bus fare is going to all the way to stay the same.
How's that going to do with you that tells me to do it?
