So uh, and before we get anything else here this morning, because I'm fascinated with
the obsession with this gator thing here.
I mean, I know that there are people, the animal huggers who are into gators very much,
have anybody ever seen any gator dropings?
Because I thought I heard of you this morning during the course of the last half hour
of that show, gator dropings.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, uh, I moved on here a few months ago from Houston.
Yes.
Move down here during the time when the baseball team was selling out all their, their
star players.
Yeah.
And I remember you were, you were writing and raven about that.
You were, uh, giving away your tickets and different things and you were trying to
influence, uh, and nobody cared.
Right.
But I remember that you were saying that you weren't against the players.
You were trying to send a message or we should send a message.
No care who the owner is.
Hockey to me is more important than Wayne, Heisengore or any one person.
I don't give a crap a wounds a team in addition to which he claims he's going to be selling
the team.
I hope he does real soon.
I don't care about that.
Then worrying about who the guy, damn, owner is.
Okay.
But let's face it.
I mean, as bad as the team is, it's not like the hockey team like had a whole bunch of
superstars in the face with a Marlon thing.
Okay.
He went out and he bought a championship team, spent a lot of money for it.
And then he said, well, we got to have a new stadium.
You know, we're not going to be able to keep the Marlins here.
And then, uh, you know, he gave everybody away.
And they still didn't care.
They lost 108 games and nobody still cared about it.
Well, I, uh, I, I, I, any gamesville people online?
Anybody online this morning?
No.
No, not a once.
See what I'm saying?
Is that a difficult thing to find out somebody who lives, lived in gamesville, somebody
who went to school there.
We got to find out what the hell is the big attraction with gamesville.
Maybe it's even more exciting than Eastlancing, you think so?
No.
And Arbor?
No.
Columbus?
No.
Christopher?
No.
566.
I'll sit back here and wait.
This is going to be just like yesterday, all the way over here.
No, no music.
I'll wait.
Let that transmitter kick off.
5667 0560, pound 560 on a mobile one line.
This is one of the great mysteries of my life.
Gamesville, Gator droppings.
Let's hear it.
Come on.
How long do you think this is going to take?
And see this one guy, the first guy that calls, he wants to do, not like a full blown
shot, but a little shot of me, aren't I, hypocrite?
Yes, I am about to, a hockey thing.
And like I said, I don't care who the goddamn owner is.
Hey, just look around.
Just keep looking around you.
5667 0560, pound 560 on a mobile one line.
This morning, by the way.
22 after 2, we got the books through at 6, the Detroit Red Wing, 7 o'clock tonight.
Any interest in that?
No.
No.
Just one.
Did I, do you think I asked a difficult question?
Seriously, I want an honest answer.
Do you think that that was a difficult, I mean, if the, see, see the point I'm trying to
make, if there's all this interest in the, this gator crap and gator football and this
redneck Steve Spurrier, then there must be some connection with Gainesville.
It's 300 F and miles away from here.
And I'm waiting to hear what it is and I can't get one for, and you know they're all
listening.
Every goddamn, what I'm including this jackass that wrote the anonymous postcard, get
rid of the erudgers we want sports.
And I'm trying to learn, I want you to learn me something, okay?
And I still can't hear nothing here about Gainesville.
Which haven't at least a hell of a lot more important than anything else that's going
on.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Are these lines working?
The phone ain't working.
How do you like it?
I'm sitting here screaming at the other and carrying on.
The phone's not working.
How did the one guy get through?
Hello.
Yeah, I do.
How do where did you come from?
I just called from a mobile in Boca.
How long ago?
I've been, it's been ringing for about 10, about 10 10 rings.
Our phone.
I'm sitting here.
You know something I could be saying every word that the phone's broke.
It might be.
No, it might be.
It is.
I'm calling.
I'm calling about Gainesville.
Okay, let's hear it, pal.
You're on.
Class of 1996, graduate.
What year for five years?
And tell me all about Gainesville.
What is the title of?
I guess it's your constant college town.
I've been to some other college towns and I thought Gainesville was the best one.
Yeah.
You know, I've been to a better than East Blancing.
Better than East Blancing.
No, I don't know.
I've never been up there.
I've only been to a couple of different places.
Definitely.
Better than Ann Arbor.
Already to that.
A couple schools in the South.
Can beat that Gator me.
Yeah.
So, you know, I can't talk about East Blancing and Columbus in places like that.
My brother's big go to Columbus about a month ago though for a football game.
And he said he really had a great time.
He said that, you know, of course, the people in Ohio are very nice.
And that Columbus was a great college town.
It was a little bit comparable to Gainesville except that it was this a much bigger city.
And of course, you've got the different weather and a different.
I mean, other because I hear people saying, well, of course, they sell out every game
in a football game because there's nothing else to do there.
You know, I hear that all the time.
They, you know, that's, they do say that that's true.
But you have to remember that about half the people that that go to those games come from all around.
They drive up from here, you know, from Tampa, from Jacksonville.
So I mean, what's the, what's the, what's the, and University of Florida?
What's the student population right now?
It's right around 40,000, 40,000.
And they do 70,000 and some for the games, right?
85 85 85.
And saw it every game.
Of course, that's right.
Every game sold out, even if we're playing a deaf and dumb you or for playing Florida state.
It doesn't matter.
Oh, you're calling her.
Who's name's deaf and dumb you now?
No, no, no, no.
On talking about like those little cream puffs that we played open the season.
Right. Well, everybody's got to do that.
You know, and again, the reason why we do that is because, you know, our family's only problem is up in East Lansing.
We tried that too, but every now and then they beat us.
So it didn't work out here like central Michigan, Eastern University of Detroit.
Luckily, luckily that hasn't happened to us recently.
So hopefully it won't happen in the near future.
Okay, pal, go gators.
All right.
See ya.
Take care, Neil.
Now, this was the most revealing thing that has ever happened to me in my life.
I've been broadcasting for 600 years.
And I'm sitting here and I'm getting, every day I'm getting sabotaged over here.
I'm getting a job.
You saw it.
You're always.
Like I said, I hate this system.
Get in there.
The getter people's job.
This phone system.
I'm going to tell you.
I'd like to break the guy damn thing.
Now, I'm going to do a handgulber right here on a year and lose it.
I'm going to do a handgulber right here and just totally lose it.
Because I've been sitting here for God damn ten months with a phone system that doesn't efforting work.
I'm sitting here saying to myself, even for a crank to be calling it.
I mean, I know if we got anybody listening, something must be going on.
I'll reach over here and I start pressing all the God damn buttons.
Now, let me ask you this.
What happened after I did that that suddenly magically allowed the calls to start coming through?
George, what happened?
I just picked them up.
It's still broken.
So in other words, they don't ring.
They don't ring.
Or it doesn't show up on here.
No, I could go and reset the system to see if that helps and it probably will.
This way, I'm going to tell you something.
This guy upstairs wants to be a big shot.
Like I've told you before, Mr. wannabe, we could get a God damn erector set.
We could get our own little God damn teeny tiny transmitter and put it out here on 441.
At least the people on 441 can hear the God damn station in their cars, which they can't now.
I could build a better God damn studio with a God within a erector set with a play toy.
Then this man is put here for us 10 months sitting here with a God damn.
And you remember in the beginning when the phones wouldn't drop off?
We've had more F and technical God damn problems and still got those big numbers.
How do you like that for all you sports nerds that can't stand the show who are all listening right now?
I'm going to reset it during the break.
Everyone will be fine.
We ought to reset the whole God damn radio station is what we ought to do.
27 after 10 at QA.
This station stands for nothing.
QA, a talk show without a phone that works.
How do you like that?
We're kind of used to it though, aren't we?
At this point, yeah.
So in other words, there were all these people calling.
Every guy damn line had somebody out there at the random, but they weren't ringing because the little green light don't come on in here.
Like I'm lying to here.
So, oh, now the dial is in, but when it rings, it doesn't delight up as what you're saying to me.
That's what I'm saying.
Okay, so we'll do the best we can.
As usual, here on Slipshot Radio.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Neil?
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I'm a Florida graduate.
I got a little stuff to spew on that city.
A lot of people are calling up trying to make this a glorified town about Gainesville and the University of Florida.
Let's face it, the nickname for that town is Hawk Town.
That's what it's known by the local welfare call Hawk Town.
And number two, the only thing that's ever been beneficial out of the University of Florida is its marijuana grilling.
It's got some of the best weed in America.
Now we're talking.
The drug culture is phenomenal.
And I've also been here to sit up there for four years.
It's got stone, got laid, and went to class one three.
Like I said, just like Ann Arbor, it sounds like to me.
It was a great town.
I'll never forget it.
I lost a few brains, else that was worth every dollar.
But what's the obsession down here?
I mean, this gator thing is it's bigger than the dolphins.
It's bigger than all the other sports in a town put together.
It's like a mental sickness down here.
Well, seriously, if you go up there and you have to spend any time in Gainesville,
it's like being under jailhouse arrest.
Yeah.
Nothing to do with the most boring town in the world.
That's why everybody goes to the football games.
If you're not getting high, you're going to football games, you're getting laid.
So when you're pregnant about 85,000 people filling up every game you've won,
you're playing the bum for you.
It means nothing.
It means nothing.
Most people often gain so they travel in like the last column said.
They travel from all over the state of Florida.
There's the biggest boosters in the Florida.
From Gainesville, you get the biggest booster club.
But there's nothing going on in Gainesville.
It's the pressing stats of that account.
And it's known as hog town.
And any local will call you up and tell you that's the big name.
All right.
Thank you, Neil.
Okay, pal.
Good day.
Okay, George is down the way to see how good the weed is up there.
We have, and I just, I already know how good it is.
What do you mean?
No, it's a hog of the weed is from Gainesville.
I visited friends up there.
And yeah, he's right.
The place sucks and there's nothing to do there, but they get stoned.
And get laid.
And get laid.
So what's wrong with that?
What's everybody bitching about?
Sounds okay to me.
Two open lines going on here.
We ought to just play music today and teach these bastards a guy damn lesson.
That's what we really ought to do.
Stick us in here with a bunch of second rate crap.
Top-rated show in a goddamn market.
Top billing, a top rate, and by the way, we ever get those numbers?
No, from 10 to 2.
Oh, and I don't think we're going to.
At least not today.
Why not?
Duff is on vacation.
And Greg won't be in today.
Okay, okay.
So here you go.
I want you to follow this now.
Follow the bouncing ball.
Okay?
The general manager, Greg Reed, with the pasty suit, he won't be in today at all.
And the program director, you think I get a lot of vacations?
This guy, when he's here, he's on vacation number one.
But now he's on another.
What is this?
It's the end of October.
It's only his 18th week on vacation this year.
Is that what the deal is?
Yeah, there you go.
So if there's something wrong, is there anybody?
Oh, you know who's in charge?
Oh my god.
And she don't talk to us.
That's right.
The water Nazi.
She's the one in charge.
Maybe that's why it's taking him so long to get that goddamn parking lot fixed.
There's a lot of things down stairs.
You notice that?
They're repaving a parking lot, the inside.
For those of us big shots.
That's like a major.
It's like a 10-year project down there now.
By the way, when you go on vacation, can I borrow your clicker?
So I can park under the building like hotshot?
No.
Next question.
So this is fantastic.
So let's just have a party here today.
Okay, let's do our own thing.
We got nobody running to place.
It's on automatic pilot.
There's buddy.
All right.
That was great.
What's his call for this 15 minutes?
Oh, what is he calling?
Now which buddy is that?
That's the old guy.
Oh, the old guy.
His head is today.
Over the death threats.
Yeah.
You, me, everybody, the wife, the receptionist upstairs.
Yeah.
Well, I'll get to him again.
Have his number.
Do you have his number?
What is his number?
The old guy that calls here and keeps making death threats.
And they want to have his phone number.
He's already reported to southern bell.
It's already been reported to southern bell.
305-948-948-3914-3914.
He's been calling us for weeks.
Some old crusty farter keeps calling here with death threats
and all kinds of obscenities.
I'm not sure stuff.
And maybe you want to keep him busy today.
What is it again?
305-1?
Well in Boca.
Hello?
Yeah.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
It's something wrong with the phone.
Yeah, I know.
No, no.
What happened before was when I was trying to reach it,
it was busy at all of a sudden.
When you went to the list prepared,
then all of a sudden the calls started going through
so it was a little bit crazy.
Yeah, I've been feeling for the last three or four months here,
somebody's diddling with his phone system.
I mean, I can't prove it, but I have very strong beliefs
because I've been doing this two-god damn long.
Yeah.
Somebody's diddling with us.
A couple of things.
Last Friday night, I saw you there at the game.
You got the worst ever?
Yes, Friday was one of the all-time worst.
Not the worst, but it was certainly in the worst five.
One of the worst performances.
I mean, no enthusiasm.
It was disgraceful.
Absolutely disgraceful.
Another thing.
And so then he goes and benches the two best players of the game.
Yeah, right.
See, this is a guy when he came here, Terry Murray.
I don't want to get started again, but I will.
He said, well, he's guys better perform
because if they don't, they'll be sitting on the bench.
And in the meantime, the guys that don't perform like Kirk Muller
and Needham R, they're in line up every goddamn night.
And you know, he wants to take it out
and the guys who are best players,
which makes no sense at all to anybody.
How about the War Elfin?
It really pissed me off to watch.
Remember when he dropped the gloves and the guy wasn't engaged?
Was a bad year?
Who was the guy in number eight for a...
Downer for sure.
Yeah. I mean, it's like...
Was Murray telling him to go out and get something going
just to try and incite the team because...
I don't know, but by the time he got into that fight
it was already four and nothing.
The game was over, so it was totally meaningless.
No, they're not going to get sucked into his stupid goon crap.
Yeah, I know.
That number one, he really can't fight.
Number two, he can't play.
And other than that, why is he out there so much?
You know, the true game.
When you got a team that can't score,
why do you put Iron Hands that will roll out there all the time?
I disagree with you a little earlier.
I really thought I saw some...
Started to see some skills in this guy.
He can't play.
I mean, I thought he skated a little better in that exhibition game,
but as far as being a real player, forget it.
He's no player.
It was really disgraceful watching him.
I mean, his stick handling, cupping is absolutely disgraceful.
Right. And all he did every time,
he took a lot of cheap shots.
And by that time, I was so damn frustrated,
you know, it was for nothing, which is when I left.
But just to watch him out, to try and engage somebody,
it was really disgraceful performance.
And by the way, speaking of Donald Brashear,
who used to play for the Canadians, he's been around league.
Speaking of Donald Brashear from that cuver,
even though he is their goon, but nevertheless,
he can play.
He has skills.
I've seen him make some pretty damn good plays.
He's a real player, as opposed to just a goon,
who can't do anything out there,
and who keeps getting the stuck out there over and over again.
This guy is like the Reggie Fleming back in the...
I mean, he's got a lot of things with the Ranger.
Now, all he had to do was fight him,
he was trying to fight a guy like John Ferguson
from Montreal, Montreal.
He would kick the crap out of him,
but Ferguson could skate.
For Ferguson, was it even better?
Well, Terry Morrell get away with it,
because, like, everything else that's going on here,
nobody gives a crap.
Nobody says anything, except me,
and that's why I'm going to keep her up and ask.
I got a question for you.
This is serious.
Real quick, yo.
Real quick. There's a topic in the Palm Beach Post today.
Can AIDS be transmitted from oral sex?
Seriously.
Yes.
See, they're saying it can't.
They're saying it can't?
Cannot, right?
I don't agree with that.
That's not what I've read.
All right. Good luck.
Okay, and back to you.
Okay, we have two open lines in day one
and Broward, if they're ringing, we have no idea.
But let's...
Okay, I'm just checking,
because we don't have a phone system that works today,
and we got nobody running to join today.
So we won't get those numbers that we're looking for.
We won't get any assistance here,
because we're on automatic pilot,
which means probably a lot of music coming up.
1041 at 5C.M.
It's day in Miami town.
Oh!
At 560.
WQA.
Remember when you first got...
Yeah.
I think we lost her.
Okay, we have an open line in Broward to indeed.
Our phone system's all screwed up here.
I'm not going to worry about the phone.
Okay, you do whatever you want with those assholes.
Okay.
She waited all of that time.
We finally got her on.
She was on a Virgilah,
getting into a bad cell,
like OJ or whatever.
And then a lot of sudden she popped right out.
That was the end of her.
Anyway, John Grogan has a very interesting art of DNA thing.
It's an organization.
It doesn't cost anything to join.
We got bumper stickers.
We got placards.
We got all kinds of stuff, buttons.
But we don't have to be organized,
because it's just common sense.
Do no harm.
DNA.
But that's an interesting thing there.
It brings back to mind a situation that happened
with me years ago.
And I think we broke the attendance record for the miracle.
So I'm signing autographs.
I'm doing the whole thing.
And then I walk in to see part of the game.
I walk around into the stadium.
And there's an old fart sitting up there with some other people.
And I look up and I hear him say,
I mean, one of those people is talking about you,
but make sure it's loud enough so that you can hear it.
Or maybe his hearing aid wasn't working at day.
He is an atheist.
The guy says, oh, there's Neal.
And the guy says, yeah, but he's an atheist.
And he gave him a look like, oh, geez.
He's an atheist.
I mean, I could have expected if he said, oh, he's a fag.
You know, something like that.
But this fart transcended any of that stuff.
And that was the first time it ever dawned on me that there's this enormous stigma
of not being one of the God people,
even if you're a person, that's not good enough.
You have to be one of the God people.
So God bless you, Frank Shivoni,
whoever the hell you are.
80 years old, he's from religious intolerant lunatics
like the ones who killed the doctor in Buffalo the other day.
Oh, yeah, we believe we're pro-life.
We don't believe in your life,
but we're pro-life for those fetuses.
When we say that,
Enville is a snorkel,
but it's actually not a bad little town.
And as far as I'm compared to what?
Is it not as compared to Tallahassee?
Well, yeah.
I mean, what could be worse than Tallahassee?
It's, you know, there's nothing that's going to compare to Miami.
You know, as far as diversity and all that,
but it's not a bad town.
As far as perversity?
Yeah, as far as perversity.
Uh-huh.
Can I scheme?
You got to be accepted.
Line up.
Thought those guys were all on team last year.
Okay, Dave County lines are open to make eggs right here on the thing.
I remember he could.
I could fry eggs right into counter.
We got a phone system that doesn't work.
Last night on the TV show,
which is the last time I ever going to even mention it,
until it goes off next week,
the beginning they got the sound finally straightened out,
no hum.
And then as the show went on,
the sound kept getting lower and lower and the hum came back.
We, you know, we went, they wanted to disappoint.
Want to make sure you get your free hum job on Miami there.
So we got a, a half-ass TV deal over there,
which they can't technically get that thing straightened out.
I got a situation here where we got a telephone system
that has been crap since the day we sat down here,
and I was just totally falling apart.
I'm going to reset the whole thing during this break.
And what's that going to do?
Maybe nothing, maybe something.
Who knows?
Don't you think it'd be a lot better if I just sat here
and read all my great articles and videos?
Yeah, that was a good stuff.
But never thought.
And now, worried about the guy, Dave, phone?
I'm just warning you, the whole.
Haven't I been telling you that we've been getting dicked on this phone
for weeks now?
Yes, I mean, I've been doing this too long.
I'm sorry.
But you saw that right there when we sat down,
and then all of a sudden,
as soon as I started talking about it,
and punched into buttons magically and miraculously,
all these people run the line.
I mean, I'm not that paranoid that I would see her make it up
because I know there's plenty of times in this town
that you could say every word that's ever been invented,
four letter and five letter and two letter,
as in FU,
and nobody would call.
But this is just too goddamn obvious.
And is there anybody here in charge?
No.
Anybody involved in any of this stuff?
No.
Straightened out for us?
No. Of course not.
They're all of this ones on vacation again,
and this one is out to launch,
and this one's out of the building,
and who the hell knows who's in charge here.
Maybe it's the Water Nazi.
Oh.
10.50, one line,
for all you people that spend some time on this.
Hey, yeah!
Here we are, Astro!
Hello, Mr. Getson. Welcome to Radio Shot.
Hi. The Jains sent me out to pick up a couple of battles.
Which he used him for.
He wasn't saying.
Just give me a couple of seashells.
Sure. That would be one more Latin.
Here you go.
Can I get you two a minute, Mr. Getson?
I gotta ask you a few questions.
I'm in kind of a hurry.
It won't take long.
What's your address?
Skypad apartment.
When were you born?
2062.
Now do you follow or obey religious organizations
that might pose a threat to the Galactic Federation?
Hey, what kind of...
I'm sorry, Mr. Getson,
but I can't tell you these batteries.
Until you answer my question.
Okay, no.
Very good, Mr. Getson,
and now what's your penis size?
What?
What the heck are those?
Sorry, Mr. Getson.
I'm a toned, damn it.
I'll share how about just your social galaxy now.
Oh, I'll be here all day.
Sir, the question, Mr. Getson.
One trillion four billion.
At Radio's Lock, we have questions.
And you damn well better have the answers.
And is this for that free catalog?
Oh no, you've got to pay for that.
And you came to the right place.
It's Radio's Lockout, right?
It's 11.01 at 5.60 WQM.
By the way, spin the molestation.
Oh my God.
Joseph Million, a poor black bookkeeper in Haiti
who reversed his fortunes to become the charismatic
and revered leader of a Delray Beach Church,
was convicted on Tuesday of sexually molesting
a young member of his congregation.
A six-member jury?
Yes, one-check.
Why?
How old are you going to do it?
The jury found Million not guilty of charges
that he later developed a more involved sexual relationship
with a girl, Million, who remains with the pastor
of the full assembly of Church of God
and leader of its 300-member congregation
faces as many as 12 years in prison.
Dozens of members of the congregation
crowded into the West Palm Beach Court
room on between the courtroom benches.
Many of Million supporters who can consider him
something of a cultural guru
wept openly after the verdict.
One woman collapsed in her husband's arms
when Palm Beach County Circuit judge Howard C.
Burman ordered Million back into customs
and fondled them shortly after they arrived from Haiti.
Two of the women say they later developed
full sexual relations with Million,
but did not question it because of his stature in the community.
Some of the alleged abuse took place more than a decade ago,
so because of statutes of limitation he was fatally flawed
because Million confessed to police that he had fondled the girl.
Oh, father, that's good.
There we go again.
So at least this time it was with girls.
There you go, that's a breath of fresh air,
a little bit of a change.
Gotta check out and see if you're a virgin, sweetheart.
Come on.
Let me just stick my probe in there and see what we find.
Just probing for the truth.
Here's Palm Beach, hello.
You know who this is, go leave, go.
Yeah.
I just wanted to comment on a couple of things.
First of all, I go to Gainesville every year,
not for a football game, and I'll get back to that in a minute.
Yeah.
Gainesville is a beautiful town.
Really?
It's in low-roaring hills.
It's got a lot of Victorian homes that are just, you know,
some of them.
Hockey transcends all of this other crap as far as I'm concerned.
Okay, when I first came down here,
22 years ago, I used to go out on my balcony
and tune in Dan Kelly on KMOX, Louis Flus,
like it here, a hockey game, and Channel 2,
but televised the game when they were fundraising,
and they did more fundraising,
and they did televised the game.
Now, here's a bombshell, the number one event
in the City of Gainesville.
Every year is not a football game.
It's the Gator National Drag Race,
it's held in March, it brings in more money.
Oh my God.
All the Gator football games combined.
What do you think, Gainesville?
Every year in March.
Yeah, they're dragging it.
Yup.
And the race in two, and it, like I said,
brings in more money than all the football games combined.
Yeah.
How about that?
So in other words, it's a great place.
Absolutely.
It's compared to here, but then what is it?
Oh, yeah.
Real houses, nails.
Yeah.
Real houses, not all this concrete,
sock, and buckle.
The houses actually look like houses.
Ain't no Toronto though, all guarantee you that.
No, it ain't no Toronto, but it is a nice town.
That's a good one.
Okay, and God bless you, sir, and go least go.
Okay, there you go.
We're getting a few reports on Gainesville.
I'm going to tell you, I sat here that first 20 or 25 minutes
would seem like an eternity to me.
And I realized we've gone through a rough, what is it?
About the last six months on this radio station.
But I mean, this was just unbelievable.
Just incredible.
And it was like that skit on SCTV, where the guy sitting there doing a show.
And he's dead.
They can't make the phone ring for love or money.
And finally, after we start screaming and swearing and carrying on.
And let's kill all your children.
And the phone finally rings and up wrong number.
And that's what I felt like here this morning.
Because we're being dicked here with a goddamn bunch of cheap crap
that they got at the Woolworthsome or somewhere.
At Radio Shlok.
And we're trying to make magic here for these people.
And is there anybody here who likes any interest in this?
No, well, they just all conveniently happen to be out again here today.
Get that automatic pilot switch going because there ain't nobody here running the ship.
Oh, yeah, just the water Nazi.
Here's a mobile-informed Myers.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Yes, sir.
Hello.
I'm here.
Yes, sir.
I'm really here, though.
Very briefly, very briefly.
Yesterday, apparently, I might suggest in one of these Colombian hockey fans called in.
Oh, yeah.
Okay. Have a nice day, pal.
This guy wants to call every single day and tell me about his...
See, we don't play that game here, sir.
We got just like the guy that called me yesterday who wanted to pick up where he was the day before.
And repeat the same whole conversation again about the pot and whatever we were talking about.
We don't play that game here, sir.
I realize you're kind of desperate over there in Fort Myers.
Just kissed the ground that you got to show on the earliest temporarily.
But we're not going to have a running repartee.
This is now his third attempt to call in here and get an unload his hostility and psychosis about Colombian.
I hate to break the news, sir.
I hope this doesn't burst your bubble.
I like Colombians, okay?
I'm not too big on the Medellin cartel, but anybody outside of that,
which I think there might be 10 people in the country you aren't having joined yet,
other than that, I like Colombians, okay?
So you, Yahoo, who's over there in Fort Myers,
I realize that not everybody who's listening, in fact, most people listen to the show,
don't fall in that category.
But if you have spilled over, who think that you can use this radio show,
dispute your generalized hatred and venom, forget it.
Go get your sheets out.
Have a great time this weekend at the rally and leave us alone over here, okay?
And just kiss the ground that you're over there in Fort Myers.
Otherwise, the Colombians would come and guide them, put your ass out of town on a rail.
That's right.
What a bunch of horse crap that is.
Every day this guy feels a compel to call in, like he's going to have a running debate.
I'll tell you what, old buddy, why not come on down here?
You give us a date.
You give us a date at high noon, and we'll get a whole bunch of our Colombian friends to meet you down here.
And we'll have a seminar at the holiday end.
And you can stand there and look them right into the push, face to face.
And you can tell them that they're all a bunch of subhuman, no good,
even scumbag, or whatever the hell you said.
And then see what the response is, okay?
And maybe you might learn something.
Maybe you might be able to iron out your differences.
Oh, eight minutes after 11 at 5, 6, 8.
Holy mackinon, this is Joe Boyle on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs.
And you're listening to the hockey authority of the old guy.
560 WQM, here's an interesting facts, which I think may have some truth in it.
It says, your phone lines remain in trouble, so I resort into the facts.
The interest with the Florida Gators is nothing but the contrived controversy.
The morning team comes up with the stimulate calls.
And since we have a great number of overgrown children running around with their college banners stuck to their asses,
those are the callers they get on the line.
An effort, I guess, to impress the audience with the popularity of the show, ten question marks.
And it goes on to say, I'm not a hockey expert by any stretch of the imagination.
But what the new coach of the Panthers has done with Mr. Whitney is not only unacceptable,
but tedious repetition of the crappy product we were given last year.
The more things change, the more they stay the same.
Okay, excellent job, sir. Excellent observation.
And right on all counts.
And again, I don't want to dittle with anybody else's show, but I can only speak as somebody who's like a captive audience here
in the last 20 minutes of that show when I'm getting ready to do this show, if we ever get the equipment working.
And that is that here are all these gator people calling in here.
And that guy, Dan Tapah, that radio station up there over and over again,
is a Pandorous at best.
Now, am I the only, a Georgian, are we the only two people in this state, in this town,
who don't care about the gators? We've got to be.
We're out of step, Mr. you better get with it.
I don't give a flying crap about the gators, about the semis, about the Heracuns,
or about the Spartans, to be honest with you.
I saw a little bit of their pathetic performance against Minnesota Saturday,
which they want to blow into the game in the last minute and a half, Minnesota scores 10 points.
And we want to blow into game. And I'm used to it. Did it, did it change my life?
No.
It reminds me of a call I had this morning. I'm coming to work.
And some kid calls, he's reading a prepared speech about the dolphins congratulating them on their win on Sunday and about a beat,
and then he talks about the buffalo. He's reading it. He's got a written-out long hand.
And he talks about all the sleepless nights we've had in the past over Andre Reed,
and this one and Bruce Smith. And I'm thinking to myself,
I know it's been a great rivalry for a long time until the Bill's fortunes turn south,
but I mean, is there anybody in this town that had sleepless nights about the dolphins playing the buffalo bills?
No.
Did you ever have any sleepless nights over unless maybe you were making a big bet?
I could understand having sleepless nights if you're making a compulsive gambler like Defoe,
or some of the other people we got on this station.
But a sleepless night, and this was some kid who I don't think is making any bets on again, not yet.
sleepless nights over Bruce Smith and Andre Reed and Jim Kelly who's long gone and all those other go-em.
Wow, I'm Thurmond Thomas. Here's a Miami. Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I bill all day, all day.
Yes? No, all day?
Well, this is morning.
Yeah.
I went to Gainesville last week, and I went to school every five and a half years.
Yes, sir.
And you have some older people calling them. They're kind of missing the point behind Gainesville.
Okay, what is the point behind Gainesville?
I spent five and a half years there. I still go a couple of times here, and because of the drug scene, Neil.
Yeah.
Can beat that gator me.
Well, it's not any different than any other city or town.
There's a lot of hillbilly to a lot of money to go there.
Well, why don't these people are calling on the morning show?
Why don't they admit that instead of talking about Steve Sparrow and his party's on a team,
and who's going to catch the most passes, and who's got the biggest lineman, and all those other tedious crap?
Why don't they talk about the good stuff?
Well, maybe they'll wait 40, Neil.
Maybe when they discover Viagra and Gainesville, man, maybe these guys might get alive.
And they have the best all night race club in the country in Gainesville.
Yeah.
For the good news, there's our first honest call of the year, and it's already the end of October.
We have an open line in Broward, Dave County, but because the phone is still all screwed up and will be one.
I keep checking them. Nothing.
Yeah, okay.
Well, I don't want to say those are the eight lines because some of them...
That's another thing with this system.
Some of them come in on those last three lines.
Who knows where the phones are coming in here?
I'm sitting near screaming and carrying on like a maniac, and the phone system's a piece of crap anyway.
So what's the point?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, you'll just keep going up and down.
Just keep punching it.
And the phone lines too, and see if there's anybody.
Button, button, who's got the button, baby? This is unbelievable.
I've done talks shows under bizarre circumstances before in my life,
but never in my life with one where we're playing hide and seek today with a phone.
Just beautiful.
Nice going, Greg.
Here's a mobile in Marguide. Hello.
Hey, what's up, dear?
Yes, sir.
Real briefly, I want to just say I agree with everything you say about religion.
Speaking tongues, grab a hold of that wicked snake like they do on Kenneth's frequency,
and twist it in the Yankee and the snake too.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
I have no idea what we got and what we don't have because I do know what we do.
And that's a crappy phone system that's been crappy since the day we said,
who makes this thing?
Gettner? Whoever the hell Gettner is, I wish you have a bad bowel movement.
I hope you wind up with a bruised goddamn like I had there for a few days.
Not only does their phone system stuff, their call screening software sucks,
but it's designed by someone who never produced a show.
And when you try to talk to them about it, they don't want to hear from it.
We tried to get some modification.
But I'll bet you it's your cheap comparison that we used on a radio station.
No question.
You know, you can knock IOD all you want, but I'll tell you one thing.
Okay. And we had some stuff over there like those old car machines.
You know, we had some stuff that wasn't maybe the best.
But generally speaking, Mitch Wien over there and then even what's his name?
Raw!
A taxon who was a hard ass, but nevertheless they spent just untold amounts of money
to bring in the best goddamn equipment, the most state of the art stuff that money could buy.
Unfortunately, just like over there at Wami, they had a bunch of engineers
who didn't know how to make it work right with their digital stuff at the TV station.
But nevertheless, they spared no expense and bring us in the state of the art
to try at least to give us the opportunity to compete to be a real goddamn radio station on AM,
which ain't easy, baby.
But this joint over here, and I'm going to tell you,
you beastly people over there in Naples, you're a disgrace.
You're not broadcast. There's your schlockmeisters.
Schlockmeisters.
If this audience could have seen what we went through those last days of December before we finally got on here
coming in here day after day after day and being told, well, this part,
and the stuff was coming in here piecemeal.
Because we sure weren't going to spend that money to buy new stuff.
Were we?
No.
Oh, no.
We had to get the computer over here, the DCS that plays all of those neat stuff like that.
We had to get this from Philadelphia, from on so there are other bump-forward stations up there.
And it came in pieces, one cart and one day, another cart, and of course,
Ford George, of course, I was working 24 hours today trying to put it together with Scotch tape.
And then of course, this beat up old cart deck that they probably kicked out of one of theirs,
maybe even the Ford Meyer station said here we don't want this thing in a building anymore.
That also came in a box.
Like I said, this was like a Tinker Toy Studio, a Tinker Toy radio station,
or sitting here with like a 10 or 11 share in Man in this market on a May-Felieve goddamn radio station.
Getting postcards saying, hey, Greg Reed, getting the hell off we want sports on to your 24 hours a day.
How do you like that?
So you can go back to your two shares.
Or maybe your one shares like when Edwin Christine was on her in a midday.
And even when I was off the air for seven months today, still have a number here in midday?
No, they did not.
So just so we can satisfy some of these overgrown children.
And like I said, you listen to the conversation you try to talk about any sport in this town.
There are no people in this town who can discuss sports intelligently, maybe like one percent of the people here.
And then most of those are people who are fans of other teams because they're sure as hell not from here.
Stevie Weisserman that guy yesterday at Weisserman that guy yesterday would Stevie Weisserman.
Yeah, another hockey expert.
But college football, now we're talking, baby, because they got and we found out why they got the good weed up there in Gainesville.
At least we finally had somebody who straighted out for us. Only took us an hour 20 minutes.
We finally got to the bottom of it.
Get the seeds out of it. Here's Fort Myers. Hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
You tell them about Beasley.
They got all the money down there in Naples and they remodel 770 over here.
Yeah, they're really.
Yeah, so that's about the time that you came on.
Yeah.
Well, I hope the signal is loud and clear over there and everybody over on a West Coast.
Here's me saying that the Beasley's are a cheap bunch of bastards who look like they came out of a Dempsey dumpster.
What they?
What they look like.
They're giving up good talk radio over here.
And they're putting on another shock jock in the morning with old Joe.
And so we'll see what happens here.
I wanted to talk to you about Gainesville.
Yeah.
What do you want to know about it?
Anything you want to tell me, pal. I've never been there.
Well, I want to find out what the big attraction besides all the guys get laid twice a day and the weed is good.
But other than that.
Well, it's right about the weed when you go across Payne's Prairie.
It turns blue over there.
All right.
And since the mill years, it was really good. They got the homegrown.
Yeah.
You know, with the little red hairs coming out of it.
Yeah.
The little red here is coming out of it.
Yeah.
The red and the cubic here is coming out of it, yeah.
But I wouldn't know about that stuff. I have spoke that for a long time.
Yeah, we believe you.
I know you got to watch your ass in Fort Writers, and I always stand.
I always was good when it was there, but it's a night town.
They got hills.
Yeah.
Well, they got a lot of big open spaces to grow all that good stuff out in. That's a good part.
We don't have that down here.
Well, you go towards Waldo, you know, outside of town, up towards Stark.
Yeah.
By Rayford, yeah.
Yeah, Rayford, you know.
And so you got some real country out there.
It's a good thing that Gainesville is close to Stark so that when they take most of those gator criminals,
while players away, they can, you know, have a part of go.
Is that what's been happening?
Oh, that, yeah.
Do we have to recruit them?
They don't talk too much about it, you know, but they take a lot of those big guys away, middle of the night.
Well, I wish it, we could get some good talk right here over here.
I'd rather just have no mode Joe.
Yeah.
And leave Gene Roberts on here, but I don't know, people who don't want to listen.
Yeah, well, we keep saying that our morning show here too, no mode Joe, but they won't listen to us.
Okay, pal, have a great day.
And hide the good stuff because there's a little lock at your door right now.
Okay, we have an open line in power and a couple of days maybe, maybe not 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the 18 T wireless line.
We got the old broken down Beasley crap here today, maybe the best crap money can buy.
Because believe me, no matter which whether it's Bruce Beasley or the other guys, their middle name is make no mistake about that.
That's what they specialize in 24 hours a day, around the clock.
Because last time I was in crap is real cheap, you can get it by the pound right in your backyard.
25, I was so mellow, it was just, it was frightening.
And then I went through that first 20 minutes here of screaming and carrying on, and wondering if I was losing my mind, and not seeing one light on the board light up.
And then can you imagine what would happen if I wouldn't have gone up and down the thing there and checked those lines?
I'd be in a goddamn rubber room by now.
I'd be in a goddamn straight check in the rubber room.
Am I a good friend Larry mixing over there at Bell South Southern Bell?
Whatever your call on yourself this week.
How many years have I gone through this with you, mister?
With your crappy phone operation in your phone system and sending the tones down here, and your goddamn line in the worst playing games and fast and loose?
With whatever is going on here in terms of this makefully phone system?
You're not fooling me Larry.
This horse crap has been going on for 150 years with me here.
25 after 11 at 5 o'clock the books through at 6 we got the Panthers and the Detroit Red Wing.
7 o'clock pregame 7, we got those tickets, Panther Pack, 500 of those and 500 more.
Let's pack that place tonight and if Terry Murray dittles around the way I think he's going to dittle around then we'll start booing his ass.
Behind you Terry, I'm just a few rows behind you Terry.
Get a brain Terry, that's right.
I'm going to have all Larry and Gideys tomorrow morning.
5 6 7 0 5 6 D, let me get him.
Let me try him.
5 6 7 0 5 6 D and pound 5 6 D on the AT&T wireless line.
We can play...
What?
We can play caller no call.
Caller no call, that's good, Rick and Sons were like that, no call on one.
No call on two.
No call on three, I'm predicting.
No call on three.
Okay, there you go.
Well it's a 50-50 chance it's like flipping your thing, flipping your loin.
5 6 7 0 5 6 D pound 5 6 D on the AT&T wireless line in Dade County maybe we think.
And if you call in it rings the rings too bad.
Here's a mobile in Palm Beach, hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
What were you talking about who's the mid four?
Meaning what?
I don't know, I'm listening.
You're talking about...
Palm and open up your ears okay?
This guy's calling me what was I talking about on four?
Because he's an asshole, pal just like you are.
He's a big fat asshole from Buffalo, where he's from.
Open line at Broward at 5 6 7 0 5 6 D pound 5 6 D on the AT&T line.
And all three in Dade I think.
Hello?
Hello?
QAM?
Hello?
Yes sir.
Where are you screening?
What is it?
Where are you screening?
What do you mean why am I screening?
Yeah.
Was this one a little Julio's?
One of our little boyfriends?
Yeah blow it out your ass.
That's what we got.
Why aren't we screening?
He wants to know.
Oh he's operating his own little show over there in his house.
And of course he had to run his boyfriend.
Is there a panting on the bed in his guy?
You know how he had to put the instrument down or run to the phone?
Who the hell are you kiddin' sweetheart?
Julio?
Tell you what?
He ain't no Colombian.
5 6 7 0 5 6 D pound 5 6 D on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in 4-loader deal.
Hello?
Nail.
Yes sir.
Your material in your sound bite, the very steel.
The very one?
Steel.
You need some new material.
Deal.
Then why are you listening?
I monitor you.
You got it.
Oh you're not another one at monitors.
It's the same asshole from Boka again who pretends to be in 4-loader deal.
Over and over and over again.
He's monitoring.
He not only is monitoring because he hates me in the show, but he's also going to be at least while he's my has to monitor.
He'd like to hear some fresh new material as what he says.
Okay one call left on the board here.
Mobile in Dear Field Beach.
You know we can go to the music like I said.
Hello?
Hey Nail what's going on?
Not too much, Pell.
Another nightmarish day for a measly greed broadcasting.
I'd say these phones are really screwed up.
I was calling for both Griffiths, but I guess I got you.
Yeah I believe it.
This is a psychic outline.
I went to a UF for about 5 and a half years.
I can give you the real stupid one.
Well first off let's get to the point of what you really want to know.
Make your life enjoyable and games a little what you might want to go there for.
The gay population there is thriving.
Really?
Yeah.
Lots of fags in Gainesville.
But you know I mean it's real liberal town.
There's no fags in this Gainesville.
But in the summer though it's a fags really hard.
Big overgrown hick town.
That's all it is.
You know but it's a great town.
I mean I was there like a 5 and a half years old though.
If I would have had to do it all over again I would want to have a shoe and the only reason that is.
If you're a swinging Richard there are too many swinging Richard's in Gainesville.
I'm putting it that way.
Oh yeah I mean if you're a hot girl in Gainesville you got it me.
You know I mean so anyway.
But it's really yeah.
Okay glad you had a great time pal.
Let's go out.
Okay there's the load on it's just a party place where people get drunk they get laid.
They got the good weed they got green stuff, blue stuff, yellow stuff, stuff the under term and origin and that's it.
And all these assholes calling on a morning show talking about the big sparts is going to go out and catch the past.
Nobody cares about that.
So we got quit putting on an act.
Okay we cleaned the board out thank God 5 6 7 0 5 60, Palm 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line lots of response to that John Grogon column that I read.
Stalls were many glory holes really filled with concrete.
Yeah.
On a sign on the wall by the Volusia County people up there.
The drilling of holes and on these premises is unlawful and violators will be prosecuted.
Guess they don't like those glory hopes up there.
Neal.
Yeah in fact last time I was up there was a big sign it said you're looking for glory hole.
Yeah.
What they're looking for that's a new.
Okay thanks for the good news that's what they're doing up there.
Volusia County baby that's right.
The goat got tired.
He got wore out.
Two open lines and date 5 6 7.
So if you're black or Hispanic my suggestion is to you.
You probably shouldn't be in Florida in the first place unless you're like in Dave County but nevertheless.
Because they'll come and get your ass.
But don't be driving through a Volusia County especially if you got more than 50 cents.
If you got some spare change and don't be feeling the change either don't be reaching your pocket feeling the change.
You're going straight to God damn jail and also don't have a date County tag.
Oh God.
Dead giveaway.
Here is a mobile in Bokeh.
Hello.
Neal.
Yes sir.
How you doing?
Not in the Colombian down here in South Florida.
A Colombian?
Yes sir.
Holy crap.
I'll tell you what I heard a gentleman two or three days ago you played a skid saying that we were most despicable people on earth.
He was in it.
It's the same guy that called the 20 minutes ago trying to get on again to say the same crap from four miles.
I'll tell you what.
I'm sure he's not a gentleman.
He's an asshole right?
Yeah.
I'm sure he's never been to our country and if he was.
If he ever did go I'm sure he claims he's spent 10 years.
They're probably behind bars.
Yeah.
Probably.
But you know what the drug trade we most people over there don't use it.
It's the man here in the United States that people you know they want it.
We supply it.
So we're from with that.
And I'm not a president of business.
So girl.
There you go.
Or even one.
There you go on the own.
That's all I have right now.
Okay pal.
Oster came over to this.
Okay.
We have an open line and Broward to a day.
Look Simon I'm going to get that Panther song out again today.
Anybody want to hear that?
I'm going to spend a couple more hours on Terry Murray man.
Not.
Now what just happened there?
What was that?
I just I looked up to the side here for like a half a second.
Half a second I just counted it by actual count.
That was them just hanging out.
All at the same time.
Two of them.
Everybody at the same time.
Is that what you just tell me?
There's nobody in Jade.
There has not been.
Here's a mobile and call spring.
Sillo our last call of the year.
Hello.
Oh I hope I'm a good last call.
Better be take all the time you want pal.
Thank you.
Braces are not every day here is another day from hell in this place.
You can't just come in here and do a goddamn regular radio show.
Every day in here is another major song and a dance.
I feel your pain.
Believe me.
Deal.
With the Red Wings being in town I think there should be one lesson to the great people of South Florida.
And that is that the way that the Red Wings be counted.
Yeah.
That's right.
You know.
The day he made that deal and brought in Bob Essens though the humans siv to play Gully said,
hey, Brian, by the way, get out of here.
You're gone.
You're out.
That's right.
And that's, you see, they won't figure it out here because first of all you've got the problem is you have an owner, a team.
All he's going to do in the meantime, 10 games.
He doesn't give a crap anymore.
Everything's in the fan.
And if you expect the fans here to give a crap, I mean, you don't let me sit here and rant and rave and make up a bunch of no VM buttons and jump on the bandwagon for that.
But there's no concern.
There's no interest.
They don't even know who the hell is playing anymore.
Correct.
There's an absolute fact that you show.
I got my maple leaf stuff on.
I'm dull though.
There you go.
And they beat you raced twice.
Okay.
We have an open light aid.
Well, you know, it may ring.
It may not ring.
We may pick it up.
We might not.
But it's like telephone relapse today.
Okay.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
Pond 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
What a deal.
And by the way, don't forget this Saturday, noon to two.
I keep forgetting all about these we have here.
Just a little bit over and above and beyond.
If you want to, and also even a reckon such,
they got a few of those.
And also the old, the best in the old stuff.
From you can order right there on the internet.
And Neil Rogers to be at Ben and Jerry's in Aventura.
Noon to two.
Ben and Jerry.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Last night's channel 51 showed the exorcist in Espanol.
All right.
And it was a hoot.
You remember the scene where Father Marin and Father Cara
first go in to talk to Reagan.
Yeah.
And he starts screaming and everything, Adam.
He got into Spanish.
He was a little of a Maricom.
Well, she was multilingual.
Maricom, Maricom, Maricom, right?
He got free.
Father Marin, Maricom.
To Mama, Mama, Mama, in the right.
And Haiti's right.
And also the power.
Lots of mamas going on in there.
The power of Christ compels you.
Yeah.
In Espanol, it's El Boler, Dixista, the old legal.
Oh, great.
There you go.
Oh, I thought you would do this to me.
Exactly.
There you go.
Thank you, pal.
Okay.
Have a great day, pal.
May the spirit of Christ compel you to do something good.
We have an open line in Broward.
Well, let's just check that out.
Okay.
Line one.
There you go.
Dial two and on one.
Dial three.
We have to keep checking these out because they don't ring
and they don't light up and they don't do anything.
Our phone system is totally broken down.
At least one good thing.
The people in data are consistent.
We don't have to check those too much because they're not
ringing anyway.
Let's try a crawl springs.
Hello.
Crawl springs.
Yeah, and the light you're doing.
This truck got the panic.
He's out of control.
You're in South Florida and a little more to that airport stuff
than you're allowing your listeners to hear.
Then I'm allowing them to hear.
What does that mean?
Well, this one, you know, the kilo of kilo cocaine in South Florida
and now it's cheaper than it's then extended about 25 years.
It's more drugs coming through here.
When they're doing those drugs.
Well, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, but your stolen one was in Houston, Texas.
February 27, 1991.
It's got the name of the individual.
It's got the name of the individual.
It's a judge who made the ruling on it.
It's got all the details.
It is true.
People are having their...
They're in front of you.
Any time you're in international airport, they have a right to search
you no matter what.
And, you know, that's part of the obligation of flying.
And they have a right to take any money you have on you
and tell you that you're a drug dealer and not even give you a receipt?
They do give you a receipt.
If they didn't have the corruption.
If they didn't give a receipt, there's a reason for that.
Wait, wait, what would the reason be, sir?
Probably because they've identified that person as a drug trafficker.
And he has to be an old people money.
Well, sir, let me see it.
You just want to make a lot of noise, or did you hear the article I read?
I spent a couple of minutes reading it.
I did hear the thing.
And you know what?
You know, sometimes I got to respect your honesty.
But sometimes you just only cover half of the issue.
And what I like to do is I like to inform you a little bit.
If they didn't give him a receipt, it's obvious that they wanted him to go through
and he had to answer the phone body because there was drug money.
Sir, let me say it to you again.
There were no drugs found.
They didn't even arrest him, okay, but they kept the money.
Let me say it again.
They kept the money.
When the officer, he asked them for a receipt.
They handed him a receipt for an undetermined amount of US currency.
Not even an amount of money.
It took him two years to go to court and get his money back.
Neal.
There were no drugs.
There was no arrest and there was no commission.
And you can keep saying, Neal, Neal, Neal, Neal, 50,000 times.
This goes on all the time.
Neal, you're an intelligent guy.
First of all, you're sensitive and powerful from the $9,000.
With the narcotics on them.
Number two, you know what I mean?
It was impossible for what?
In the carry $9,000 with the narcotics on them.
So where was it?
Neal, that isn't the way they transport money.
Where was the narcotics or where was the narcotics?
Either deliver it or it was on his way to pick it up.
Oh, so in other words, you...
So in other words, you have psychic, DEA people now.
We know this for a fact.
That if I get on a plane that I'm flying home from...
You didn't hear the click?
No, I didn't know because I was talking too loud, thank God.
He hung up because he's got no balls.
And he's another one of those line pieces of crap turned...
Porkers is what he is.
Another porker who will defend.
Anything that the law enforcement people do in this country.
And you know, that was only one page I read out of this book.
There are hundreds of pages telling about similar stories and worse.
Oh, but we just made it up.
You know, you're a bright guy, but you're only telling half of the story.
I'm telling you the whole goddamn story, sir.
The DEA ought to be disbanded today.
They ought to disband the whole goddamn DEA
because all of this is a big, gigantic waste of taxpayer time and money.
And they used the news media.
Oh, we made this big bus today and we did it.
Yeah, what we do.
You're really doing a hell of a job.
Haslund the hell out of people, especially minorities,
because we know that any minority members got a lot of cash on them.
He is a drug dealer.
Don't ask any questions.
Don't give them a receipt.
Just bust his ass, bust his chops, Hasselund the hell out of them.
Just like blacks in Hispanics driving through Voluzia County,
which we know there's no red necks, no bigots up there.
Just like that guy over there in Fort Myers.
And the Colombians are the worst, I mean, how in God's name can anybody get on the year?
Can you go anywhere and make statements like that?
The fill in the blank, the biggest scumbags, the worst bunch of drug, the worst, you know, whatever.
So thank God we don't live in the deep south with a bunch of bigots.
Four minutes till nothing.
I wasn't anything I said and was so cowardly that he just hung up and disappeared.
Again, this is from the book Lost Rights, James Beauvard,
the destruction of American liberty, which you all damn well ought to be reading.
Once upon a time, pal, we all have to goose step and see it your way
because you want us to live in a goddamn police state
and some of us just aren't going to be quite obedient enough to satisfy you.
Here's plantation. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Monday I was listening to you talk about books, something about God.
And you said you can't find it. I went on the web, I couldn't find it.
Where do you find this book?
A book about God.
You mean the farewell, the God or the well, temper?
Yeah.
Have to buy it from Canada.
First shopping.
Uh-huh.
Why can't it be like that here?
What is it?
Why can't it be like that here?
Because this is a repressed, conservative country.
So that's why I can't be like that here.
Because we got a bunch of sanctimonious tempered crits.
That's why.
I don't know if people are smoking far away from nothing.
Yeah.
I like cheese, it's a servant.
Okay.
Let me add a good time.
Sir, we have an open line at day 5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
Tom 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
Here's Boyton Beach. Hello.
Uh, Anil.
Yes, sir.
Hi, how are you? I'm a young Julio.
And, uh, very interested in your topic.
I, uh, a couple of years ago, I had gone through the, uh, DEA system.
People they've lost the more.
I can't believe your phone lines aren't lit up.
They are now.
They are after that asshole call.
They all lit up like a Hanukkah boy.
That guy, that guy has no clue.
He's, he's putting, he's playing with people's lives.
And he's got no proof on nothing.
And I mean, I want...
I'm sitting here reading to him right from this book,
which I'm sure this guy didn't, you know, he researched this book very well.
He didn't just make this stuff up.
He's got names and dates and, uh, the judge's name.
And I'm reading to him in it.
Well, uh, you know, he must have had, uh, you know, he didn't have it on him.
He didn't have it on him.
You know, you know, we, uh, we presume that you're guilty because you've got cash.
There you go.
Can you imagine, I was just saying to George during the break,
can you imagine getting off a plane in Vegas and having a bunch of DEA guys there with dark sniffing dogs,
checking to see if he have a lot of cash on you?
Yeah, well, I'm sure Vegas wouldn't have anything to do with that.
They would put up with that for five seconds, man.
They'd have those DEA people be sleeping with the fishes.
They know who they're messing with in Vegas, believe me.
But Vegas, uh, Neil, you're wonderful.
You have a great show.
And, uh, I have a different outlook of life because you give me a lot of aspirations and, uh,
Neil's got gold.
See, the reason it's so great there is because it's not a police state.
Do no harm.
Let people live.
That's all.
We have all these self-fulfilling prophecies here in this country.
The more drug enforcement organizations we got, the more people, the more drug addicts we have to have to keep them in business.
The more things that you make illegal, the more agencies you have to have,
the more billions of dollars you got to spend.
Instead of taking care of things that really need to be taken care of here,
all these billions of dollars were wasted on his horse crap.
And we got people starving to death and freezing to death in the winter time on the streets of this country.
And we're spending billions of dollars to fight the wicked weed because these people, like we've said all this last couple of weeks that we've been talking about this,
it's a big goddamn bureaucratic nightmare is what it is.
And they have to keep getting bigger and bigger and bigger and more and more money because they have to justify their existence.
Drug sniffing dogs, baby, because you might have a joint on your ass. How do you like that?
Oh my god.
Anybody ever a joint near there?
It's a eight minutes pass known, it turns out to be a wacko and full of crap from some scumbag.
And we're just going to come in and seize your property.
We're not even going to take the trouble and look and see if it's for real.
But we're just going to come in and do whatever we want.
And then you can go to court and spend all your hard-earned money and work to get your property back maybe if you're lucky.
And let me say, and only because the Pittsburgh newspaper exposed the fiasco, the scandal, they finally said,
okay, well you can have your property back, but you got to sign off and agree not to ever sue us.
Nail.
Yes sir.
Nail, I'm a consummate dollar here calling from Kate Coral.
I'm a morning show from 8 to 10.
My host tells me I talk too much.
Yeah good, okay.
We don't want chronic callers, okay.
He's the consummate.
As soon as he said, I'm a consummate caller, little bells and buzzers.
We're going off in my head.
We don't do chronic callers over here, okay sir?
Just listen, because you obviously have nothing to say.
He's the consummate caller.
Chronic is what the word is sir.
Chronic pain in the ass.
We don't need you.
We don't want you.
Go the hell away.
I've been out of shape.
We heard his feeling.
I feel really, really, really, f***ing.
Okay, we apologize, Denise.
Here.
Hello.
Yes sir.
Yeah, I call up about that having money on you.
Yes?
I was at call the one I had raised for $7,000.
Rod dealer?
No.
Yeah.
And the security guards, you know, they got that 5% guys up there.
Right.
So they took me and this 5% guy down there.
That's right.
I think they took me in security off.
And what happened?
What they were trying to do, and they were trying to say that this guy signed my ticket.
For income tax, I don't even know this guy.
I had $7,000,000 in my pocket.
I just refused to let go.
You were waiting to say that they paid you in cash?
Well, yeah.
You know, when you hit a big trifecta...
Yeah, they usually write you a check.
They don't give a chance.
Oh, no, no, no.
Yeah, sure they do.
So what do you want?
You were cheating the government for Christ's Ex- guys calling me and complaining.
Like the 5% or something.
You got to do that for you.
You got to know where to go and who to see, man.
Well, fat rates will turn you on who to see.
We have an open line at date.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 16.
You know what he's talking about is that when they take the money off...
Instead of your 30% or whatever, 20% that they take off the top of the government.
Here's a guy trying to cheat the goddamn government.
Trace that call, by the way.
Leave the portal far to long.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Hey, Neil.
First time long time.
Oh, right.
I'm not chronic.
Well, you took the words out of my mouth before the break, and that's that caller after the break.
But I'd like to say that you're right.
This is a jack-booted police state.
And like you said, these guys are just...
They're taking our money.
They're taking our property.
People need to protect their assets.
I want to note the book.
I heard lost rights, but I didn't get the author.
The legislature and in the executive branch, which is a violation of the Constitution.
Separation of powers.
But people don't even realize that because they're not even taught civics in school anymore.
Yeah.
It's ridiculous.
Anywhere I love you, buddy.
Okay, pal.
All right.
Have a great day.
We have an open line of date one in...
If you want to be an American, don't walk around with a lot of cash on you.
Okay, that's the message.
And the darker your complexion is, the less cash you ought to be carrying around.
Because we know there's no shfarts out there that I have more than like ten bucks.
Right?
Wouldn't you say that's about right?
Let's pick a number.
If you're black, in fact, if you're real, real dark black,
and you got more than like two, three dollars on it,
well, let's see.
Now, how much is it five dollars for the vagrancy law?
What's the vagrancy law, George?
How little do you have that money and they can arrest you for a vagrant five bucks, I think?
I don't know.
Hasn't that changed?
I thought it was under 20.
No, no, no.
Under 20?
Under 20 bucks.
How the hell did I ever make it through those years at KAT?
Don't you remember my story about how the day that was on a Sunday and my bank card wasn't
working that day?
And I was broke.
And I wanted to go have lunch over there.
I'm an old and old.
What the hell was the name of that place?
Whatever it was.
And I had no cash.
And I put my card in the machine and it would work.
I thought, geez, I'm going to be fat.
It's you.
I'm kippered today.
I didn't even know it.
And I'm walking across the street and I look on the, by the curb.
And there's like six dollar bills sitting there on the ground.
Of course, that's back in 76 or six dollars and 76.
It bought me a nice meal and a big banana split.
Yeah.
And I said, all right.
There you go.
It's America.
They paved the streets with money.
We have an open line of day one.
Hell, decentralized pot in Florida.
It's been a whole lot for the land of season of play.
The
corners of the street again.
Fuck you .
EQA air.
We are radishes, my lover.
So you're completely rooted in science, so with no beliefs outside of what you can see,
with your own two eyes.
Well, then, chances are that the Old Testament didn't do it for you, and neither did the
new one.
So, with the Lord's vital attempt to bring your sorry ass around, check out the latest
book from God, entitled, Screw You Too, You Ungrateful Little Basterd.
Start off in chapter 1 with, Who do you think caused the flood that wiped out your house
last week?
Then, move on to such later chapters as, Step outside, I dare you.
And drop to your knees and pray, or those hemorrhoids won't ever go away.
It's Screw You Too, You Ungrateful Little Basterd.
The latest release from God.
It's better than the Book of Mormon, better than the Torah, and the Bible combined.
By Yours Today.
You're a fan.
Okay, 1244-560-WQM.
Happy Tuesday, T.A. for all your good friends here at Allspots Radio.
560-QAM.
Here's a Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, Neil.
I just want to let you know.
I love you, show.
Watch all the time on TV.
Yeah.
Yesterday, you had the best show you've ever had in a long time.
Tomorrow, we're just going to come in and read that damn book on it.
I was going to ask you if you could just go ahead and read that book to us.
Yeah, I think, see, I'm psychic.
I'm a step ahead of you, man.
Tomorrow, I'm just going to come in.
I mean, why the hell should I waste my time screaming a big and these people going off
and say about anything?
I'll come in here yesterday.
They ought to be lined up in every bookstore in his town.
We're knocking the doors down, trying to buy that book and find out what else is really
going on in this country and what's really being done to them.
And they don't give a crap.
Yeah, I think it was really good.
And I'd like to hear some more of it.
And you've been going on about the hockey.
Wayne sucks.
You know, the hockey sucks.
Not the hockey, but anything he touches sucks.
Yeah, you know, he's got the minus touch and reverberts.
I mean, I'm sure if you didn't get tickets before you wouldn't even buy them to go there.
I wouldn't.
You're right.
I would not.
You know, but I just want to let you know I love that guest today and I'm going to buy
my wife that book and I wish you'd read some more of colors.
All right.
Have a great day.
All right.
Okay.
We have an open line in Bradette starting next week.
They had a like because the NBA and playing anyway, they're out of business and the NFL is
very, very boring.
I mean, just no scoring.
It's boring.
And the hockey is becoming that way too.
Even with the rules changes and the, you know, two more feet behind the net and the goal
creases small.
They still can't stick it in there.
It's a pretty ponderous most of the games.
So I think that other than hockey, let hockey go for a couple of more years just for my own
selfish.
But other than that, let's just get rid of it all.
Okay.
And then we can start talking about stuff that really matters like sex.
Here.
Okay.
Thank you so much.
Okay.
We have an open line of power at 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the mobile one line.
Here's a lady in North Miami.
Hello.
Hi Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
That's a tough act to follow.
Well, it was a, it couldn't even get a good grip.
So that was pretty bad.
Must have been in the middle of lunch.
Maybe.
I went to the arena Friday.
Yes.
He, uh, because my husband wanted to see me as he scored his 600.
Well, he got his wish.
That's right.
But you were right about that.
That's right.
When there's something to get excited about, they got excited.
That was me.
And if I'm right, if I'm the most exciting thing in a place that a hockey game, you know
the game is a terminal.
We're in big trouble.
Right.
And that's about it.
Have a good afternoon.
And back to you.
Bye-bye.
Okay.
We have an open line today.
Do these people understand about Whitney being on the fourth line?
No.
Do they know Peter Wurrell from Peter Graves?
No.
But hey, they're into it.
Here's a Hollywood.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
This is the guy.
Remember a couple weeks ago I called the little Caesar's and Steve's pizza or Neil.
Yeah.
How you doing?
Yeah, you're terminal.
Remember that?
Yeah, you were belly-hacking about a bunch of crap.
Yes, of course I remember.
I wanted to make sure you knew who I was.
Look at you.
How come, uh, uh.
How come, Neil?
How come when, at, uh, Michael, at, uh, at Connie's wedding?
How come, uh, when, when Luca brought, she was outside being waiting, waiting to see
the dawn, uh, and when Tom Hagen called the dawn, he wanted to see him.
I don't know.
Go ask the people at Pizza Hut.
OK, get out of here.
That's, again, don't you remember this guy?
He was called about Steve's pizza.
They didn't have the slices and then he got into car and he went over to Pizza Hut.
They didn't have the made up glory because it was so quick.
Oh, yeah.
That is guy's bony, bologna, bunch of crap.
Your terrible pal.
We're not, listen, we're going to give you Andy's home phone number and Mitch too.
And also Greg and, uh, wherever he had porcelain loosely.
And the four of you can, uh, sit around and dinner with each other, OK?
We're not that desperate.
If I have no calls, which plenty of time today, that's been the case.
I'd rather talk to myself.
I'd rather pop a bone, a pop a stroke right here on the ear and talk to myself than
talk to people who have no material whatsoever.
You're about as funny as a part attack.
OK, get out of here.
Go see the people at Steve's Pizza.
I got to understand they got a special slice waiting for you.
OK, pal?
Speaking of Luca Bratzie, they got a special slice.
I think it's one of those guy named chopping knives that that old Jewish guy sells
on those info marshals, one of those real sharp ones.
Here's Coral Gables.
Hello?
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you?
OK.
I just wanted to call you and let you know that tomorrow night I'm going for my first
time forever.
Take that place.
So I don't know what to expect tomorrow night.
Sir, can I ask you a question?
I know, but I'll do respect.
Why is it that so, I mean, granted, there were a lot of problems and I helped to get
some of them straightened out and I understand when people pay a lot of money, they want
to see the game and comfort, including me.
But why is it that everybody and their brother, all they want to talk about is the arena.
They don't seem to have any knowledge of or interest in the team, hockey fan in this town.
You're right.
Even though you still go with another jersey, but still your hockey fan doesn't matter.
Well, I mean, 40 years I'm not going to give up the Maple Leafs and be some phony.
Panthers are my number two team and I root for the Panthers, every game except when they're
playing Toronto.
You're not going to be a phony about it.
All these people who show up in those seats wouldn't you think just by accident, by now,
by osmosis, they would have learned something, they would have had an opinion about something
other than just Debbie on a mobile and Lou and where we're going to have Lou is, then
two or three people, where the hell are these people?
They're out there.
They're out there doing what?
I don't know.
They're out there.
Okay, I'll see you tomorrow night, pal.
Just by accident and I'm tired of hearing about what hockey's a marginal sport rationale
is that.
Because there's more people that like football that makes it a more exciting or a better
sport than hockey.
There's more people that watch soccer than any of them.
More people watch all racing, right Joe?
Right Joe?
Yeah.
Would you like to have like a fly in a wall over there?
I know exactly what he's doing.
See what, yeah, this, no doubt.
Making time with Darleen Evans next door.
Oh, excuse us.
That's a lie.
It's Chris Reed.
Oh, you're making time with Chris Reed.
Consultant's wife.
Oh.
Oh, wow.
Chris Reed, Joe and Zoltan's wife.
Oh, they're doing it.
We have an open line of Dave here getting more response than we're getting here.
I'll tell you that five six seven, oh five, 60 and five, 60 on the mobile.
Let's hear from some Colombian hockey fans.
That's what we want.
Huh?
If I can get one Colombian hockey fan, I'm talking a real one.
A call in the show today by two o'clock.
I'm going to leave here with a feeling of tremendous enormous accomplishment in spite
of the frustration of talking about a bunch of dead heads.
I'll leave it what?
Don't forget David.
He played through.
He played through.
He plays with it?
Yeah.
I'm sure of that.
You play hockey?
And?
I play soccer.
Yeah, I never heard.
Anyway, we have two open lines.
One in Dave.
One in who?
It is five six seven.
There's a Colombian hockey.
All I do is ask.
Like I said, now I feel I've accomplished something big.
Oh.
Not that big, David.
Something really big.
Yeah.
Something gigantic, something huge, something circumcised.
That's right.
David is Colombian from the waist up.
Jewish from the waist down.
Oi.
What a waist.
Okay.
So here's a Colombian.
How do you like that?
See, you have little faith in there.
You think I picked something really ridiculous that I could never find.
And right away, he's writing a goddamn doorway.
Just like an answer from heaven.
Oh, God.
From him too.
Here's a mobile in Crosprings.
Yeah, Neil.
Yeah.
How you doing?
Okay.
I enjoy your show, man.
Yeah.
But I'll see you at the game tomorrow.
Okay.
And I'm glad you talk about it.
Okay.
I'm the only African man that loves hockey in this town.
All right.
Well, we'll put you out there with Peter Rell.
See you two out of three.
I said, my last time I was very behind you.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You know, I'll see you later.
Okay.
What about?
Whatever he says.
Here's a lady in plantation.
Hello.
Neil.
That must be the guy that told me about my license plate.
Thank you, sir.
God bless you.
Yes, man.
Oh, Neil, I want to call to thank you for placing that propeller on your head last night.
Yeah.
You're really a good sport.
Well, what about the chicken on my head?
You're going to like the propeller?
I didn't see that.
They must have edited that out.
No, they didn't.
They had me.
I was sitting on their way to chicken on my head.
Almost the whole show.
I missed that part.
That's the chicken on my head.
We're at King Live again.
Okay.
Listen, Neil.
We're at King Live.
He's on a test.
No, I know.
I know.
I was kidding.
I was kidding.
Neil.
I wanted to say something about sports.
Yeah.
You know, I grew up sports.
Yeah.
You know, sports.
Anyway, please don't make me any more nervous than I am.
Okay.
But, you know, maybe the world is just changing too fast.
But it just doesn't have the same feeling because you don't know the players.
Right.
Doesn't matter if it's baseball or hockey or about the ball.
And the announcers are all generic.
They all suck.
Exactly.
And you just don't have that same feeling where you knew the players.
You knew the lineup.
You knew.
You don't know anything.
I mean, even more.
That's why everything now is prefabricated with all the phony piped-in noise and music and excitement.
And try to get everybody all drummed up to say, hey, this was really worth all that money I just wasted.
And all these guys making, I mean, Mike Piazza getting paid 91 million dollars.
And so have seen 13 million dollars a year to play baseball.
I don't know a lot about sports, but I enjoy sports.
And by the way, I hate to interrupt you, but you know, realize the whole payroll, Mike Piazza is going to make per year starting next year more than the entire Marlins payroll was last year.
More than the entire Montreal expo's payroll.
One guy.
One guy.
Let me ask you something.
Yes.
A Los Angeles with a sour look on his plus when he stopped over here for two weeks before we got rid of him who said, oh gee,
I thought I was going to be here for the rest of my life in Dodger blue.
And they offered him 84 million for whatever one.
And that wasn't enough for him.
And he's waiting about loyalty.
They were more than him.
It can only come down.
I hope it breaks a leg on opening day.
And I hope he comes back and mid-seeing and hit 220.
You're right.
And people are going to get turned off.
They are.
And the sponsors are not going to be paying the NBC and Fox and everybody.
I hope they all lose their ass.
And they got to come down.
They can't go any higher.
But anyway, well, it won't even be a book called Close and Con.
I don't know.
Maybe I'm just going to.
We're too busy, given billionaires our money to watch ball games.
I'm going to go get some tapes and send into my friends out west for Hanukkah and Christmas night.
Okay, we have an I want to hear from somebody from Honduras who got out in time.
Well, it's not a very good place to be right now.
Would you think to be in Honduras or to be in the UK.
And the Lord is pushed that beanie right off the back of my head.
Wow.
Lorenzo is for over 47 years.
I mean, if that's the best that they can do, they should forget about trying to do football again.
There were two guys that they ever had in the first place was Pat and John Madden,
some are all in Madden and now they're on Fox anyway.
So now CBS has got the games back.
They just can't do it professionally.
And then we got Terry Bradshaw, who doesn't all he's got to do is come on a screen
and you say to yourself, wow, what an asshole.
He didn't have to do anything or say anything.
And now of course he's going really to great lengths to make sure that you say he's an asshole.
Oh, yeah, Terry Bradshaw.
He was dumb when he played the game and now he's an announcer.
He's a broadcaster.
Oh, please.
It's almost done off to make me want to bring OJ back on NBC.
At least for, of course, they don't even have the goddamn game.
So bring him back.
Stick his ass on there on the chair.
There you go.
Here's a mobile in Miramar.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, how you doing?
Great.
Okay, I'm a Colombian hockey fan.
All right.
Okay, now let's see better.
All right.
All right.
Okay, Leo.
Hey, can I put some of those back?
Go ahead.
Error on the clock.
You guys are douchebags.
Okay.
Oh, boy.
Hey, by the way, I got a message on my machine speaking to Error on the clock when a Joe Rosa's
fine sponsor is by the way whom we love.
Are those the guys that came into my AC?
Nope.
So why did I get a call from them?
They don't do my AC.
There was a message out of my machine yesterday saying we want to come and check it out.
I don't want anybody checking it out because the other people who are ever they were,
atoms account if we ever see Adam again, they were making me a custom filter.
Call me that the other one was well.
It collects mold and it passed in.
They were going to do a whole big son of dance.
And did I ever see them again?
No.
Now, hear from them again.
No.
Does anybody have any idea who they are or where they are?
No.
Okay.
Adam, what did I tell you about him?
Nice guy.
But boy, he finds, you know what I mean?
Like, yeah.
Nine minutes at, he was sitting upstairs saying, I want you to think about that very seriously.
Here, your life is in this man's hands.
He's your lawyer.
He's your agent.
You're having what is a very crucial meeting based on a lot of discontented, a lot of crap.
And you're making a lot, I'm making a lot of progress and we seem to be arriving at a meeting of the mind.
And this man is sitting there in impediment to my life.
Saying things that on the face of the statements are so idiotic, so childish, so embarrassing.
I can just hear Hank.
The hurricane is just about to hit the building and Hank says there's a high fly ball to right field and the wind has got a hold of it.
Oh, it just came through the window.
Like Rosie Rosewell opened the window at many, here it comes.
Oh!
Just remember one thing, if I never leave one other thing in your brain, folks.
Norma can't.
You fill in the blank, whatever the question is, Norma can't.
Ten minutes after...
Get push!
I'm the man!
Come and listen to my story about a man named Job, whose wallet was as big as his pasties rolled up head.
He became a governor and dictator too, simply by having more money than you.
Millionaire that is, dirty deals, ex-presidential dad.
In a real Goober Goober editorial race, the other Goober's name was Buddy McCay had an ill-fitting suit and a skeleton head and when they took his boss, they discovered he was dead.
Braided, that is, no brains, but backwards-rood.
Now, Kim represents the Christian Reich, but somehow got support from the Jewish journal kikes, now they're all in a mass grave, very, very deep, and his wife wears a necklace of the fillings from their teeth.
Oi!
Jewish gold, melted down, of course.
The Tallahassee Millionaires.
Starring Heinrich Himmler as Jip Bush, Ava Braun as Columbus, a Rihariana Huffington as Granny, and Dan Burton as General Bertold Air.
The Tallahassee Millionaires brought to you by Zygon Eight.
I have in my hand right now one of the most embarrassing things in the history of the human God Damrace.
No, not that.
That's pretty embarrassing.
But this even more embarrassing, Rob Kaplan from our Wami crew, where we can't get the sound up there loud enough for anybody to hear it on that show by the way, and then they can't figure out how come nobody is watching.
Sabotage keeps coming from us.
Just like every time I think away, the word Sabotage comes to mind.
Every time I see John Glenn, I think, like that comes to my mind.
Yeah, every time I see him lately, which is too much.
He's old enough.
Rob Kaplan finds this sitting in the outer room here.
For those of you who were sitting in basically a big broom closet here with very paper thin walls, and there's another broom closet out here on the second floor waiting for us to move upstairs someday to real studios.
So the Wami people have their set up all their stuff out here for other few days anyway, and they're out there in a hallway.
So somebody I don't want to mention, Norma Kent, who might just talk about psychic. Am I on top of it or what?
Leaves all the notes from our meeting with Greg Reed on a Friday and pasted to his note to his bunch of notes is this post that you gave me with the number of our buddy up there at the satellite comedy network who wants to talk to him about syndicating the near Rogers show and getting us on in some other markets beside this God for second place.
And here's the phone name and phone number sitting out there on a desk on a piece of a crap out there.
And I'm sitting wondering how come I never got any response from Norma Kent on this because this thing is sitting out there on a goddamn thing somewhere out there.
There you go. Syndicate this. Is there anybody out there? It way I need a lawyer. I need an agent. Is there anybody out there who knows anything?
I'm calling just like Lee Harvey Oswald. I'm asking for someone to come forward for some assistance. Okay.
Oh my God. I want to take back a lot of what I said about marijuana last couple of weeks because there's a walking example of a too much bad weed can do to your mind is Norma Kent right there.
He's a walking ad for life penalties for for weed.
South Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Neil. Yes. Hey, how you doing? I called the manager earlier today complaining about channel 69 sound and I've heard the same thing on a 10 30 show. Well, how can you not hear it? It's not every time I get here that I'm sure I can't hear at all.
I called over there a little while ago and I talked to Ben in audio and he said he was.
I was a little bit upset about it. He just says it'll be all right for now on. I said okay. What do you mean he's upset about it? It's been going on night after night. I'm screaming on the ear here about it. They know all about it. The people over here know about it. What do you mean it's going to be all right for now? We spoke from now on. Huh? I don't know. He said it's going to be fine for now on, but I said okay. Thank you. I figured I'd call you. Now I want me to another week and before the show goes off. That's good. We go one more week. Is that it now? Another week and have something like that. Maybe you can get syndicated somewhere else in there.
You mean like on a real TV station? Now it would be good. Okay. Thanks for the effort. I appreciate it. There's a guy that cares enough. See if we had an audience out there that was watching that TV show that cared about having a, you know, that thing on air. They would have inundated them. They would have flooded them with calls over there saying what are you doing to our guy over there? What are you doing to old? Right. But nobody gives a crap like everything else in this town. So it just like I said before in the show, everything just kind of fumbles its way along and quit making so much trouble. Okay. Sorry. I'm not going to be here. I'm not going to be here. I'm not going to be here. I'm not going to be here. I'm not going to be here. I'm not going to be here. I'm not going to be here. I'm not going to be here. I'm not going to be here. I'm not going to be here
here. Here's plantation. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah. They only found something amusing in the Sun Sentinel today. You got it handy. I have it in my hand. Go to five C in the way in the waist pass. Go. Okay. Up or right hand corner. Take a close look at that photograph. Okay. Wait a minute. Five C on the Sun Sentinel. I got the hero this for one moment. Okay. Let me keep this. Go ahead. I guess this is one of visual. I got to see it. Yeah. Little morphine action going on.
Okay. Well, I'll kill that music. Okay. Five C on the upper right hand corner. In the upper right hand corner. Improve your sex life. Yep. Look at his lap. Oh my God. Look at that. She's got her hand on his. Wow. And she's got two hands. She's got two hand. They must be going on the other way. Holy crap. She must be in search of the wopper. Look at that. Jesus. Thank you so much, pal. No problem. And have a great day. What is that?
I'm losing my mind now. This is something you have to look at. Gratitude going there. Huh? It looks like he's got the whole apparatus out. If you know what I'm saying. Balls and all. And man, oh man. Talk about improve your sex life. Woo. That is just gigantic. She's got both hands. And then this other. There's another hand. It's just gigantic. She's got both hands. And then this other. There's another hand.
And then this other hand coming in from the side. Just to make sure that everybody's got a good grip. How do you like that? Page five C in your self. Thank you so much. You've done a great public service. And these people are talking about pornography. How do you like that? Hypocritical assholes. The evils or casino gambler and they're putting pornographic pictures and ads in a goddamn newspaper and the morning line on God damn high school volleyball games. That normal camp business that thing that I just deposited in the waist basket along with the
rest of the newspaper. That is that's unconscionable. Lapses of memory. Too many drugs. Lapses of memory. Like who am I? Like like what's his name? James Stockdale. Who am I? What am I running with this little midget for? Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, I was the one yesterday. We told about your tag. Oh, thank you. So that one to line road. That was an imitation guy for 41. Well, thank you very much. Yeah, because I had the car. You know the cars.
They were not to you for that. They would see that's a lease car and for some reason I'm driving that one today till I get that tag replaced. I'm driving great. Thanks to you. Thank you very much, sir. Okay. And the check is in the mail. Okay. Thanks. See, that was pretty damn nice. Okay. And he's looking at me. He's yelling. And I thought, well, here's a guy who's a listener anyway. Either that he's going to mug me one or the other. I rolled down to when I said, they kneel so he knew who I was. Your damn Texas September or whatever. There is a good guy right there. There's a few of my there. Not too many. But we got a car.
A couple of good people in this town. That guy. It's about it. Candidate. I had an affair fathered son says this candidate in Jacksonville Republican Congressional candidate Bill Randall who was seeking to unseat and incumbent Democrat by running a campaign based on ethics and family values. How do you like that? Said Wednesday that he fathered a son while separated from his wife. I'm bringing forward this information. I wish to stress that this private family matter has no place in a political campaign.
Said Randall who's 18 year old son Nicholas Omar Randall lives in Atlanta. I've always acknowledged my son. I'm listed on the birth certificate as the father said Randall 53 who said he has paid child support. After initially refusing child support his mother first asked for financial help in 1992. Randall said a news conference in which he was joined by his wife Mary daughter Sheila and two grandchildren. The affair first reported Sunday in the news journal of Daytona Beach took place in 1980 while he was separated. But he's running on family and ethical values.
Another good right wing asshole hypocritical a psyched ammonia's piece of crap. What do you think of that guy? He's an asshole. All right. Here's Miami Lakes. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes. It was going on. Neil. All right. Hey, got a spider port for you. I just passed by highly on Miami Lakes and saw three school buses and yes, two black women and one Julio looking. All right. Hey, I'm going. Now is the Julio male or female? I'm sorry. Julio was a female. No, that was a male. A male. Yes, you're sure.
No, no, no. But I'm going by a little too quickly. Okay. I'm going to the game tomorrow. You know, as well as they are. Yeah, I'm in. Yeah. Um, I'm really excited about going to the game because I haven't been to the new arena. Yeah. See in the food court. Yes, sir. All right. Sergio, you're a taco. Bend in coconut. Eat and do. Okay. I'll see you tomorrow. Okay. Well, hang out there in the food court. Okay. And we'll sit there and we'll hold court and belly. I can bitch about this and scream about that. Well, hang Terry Murray and F. A. G. We'll have little food. Who dolls?
We have an open line in an effigy. How about like they got those big high ceilings in there out in the hallway? Yeah, I got news for you, Terry Murray. This ain't washing it. Okay. This ain't fill it off. You maybe it is fill it off. You didn't last there too long.
I'm on this team about the only thing that this organization does know is a lot of spoons. That's about the limit of our understanding.
28. This is the most disgusting program I urge everyone to complain to this station. Boy dick. Hey, look at rules. There's nothing like a little cowboy dick ice cream. I want something. I've got a craving. Yeah, well, how about some cowboy dick? Sure.
All the cowgirls love my cowboy dick. And I should know because I'm cowboy dick. I like my cowboy dick with some nuts. No problem. Partner introducing cowboy dick with not so big. You can hardly wrap your lip around. My young and love cowboy dick.
I'm going to fill your posse with my cowboy dick. Oh cowboy dick. Here try it. How is it? I can't talk. My mouth is full of cowboy dick. She smiling. She smiling. Fill your mouth with my cowboy dick. Available in your grocery freezer.
Once you had your first cowboy dick, you won't ever go back when you're filled with cowboy dick. You'll scream.
Speaking of cowboys in the ranch and the ambiance of that whole thing, you know what that really is. Don't you? It's a date club. You moron. We have an open line and date one and Broward. Stop and think about it. 5 6 7 0 5 60 and pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. They'll take showers together to just like football players and other athletes. Here's Miami. Hello.
Hi Neil. Yes sir. Next time the old guy calls the bus driver counter. I've got a couple new categories for him to start counting. OK. Jamaicans driving 15 year old Corolla.
Round in color. Right. Little brown coups. 19 year old Julio's driving transams. Uh huh. Or Davis Corvette.
And about Jews refusing to tip more than 10% of Wolfies and French Canadians at anywhere. OK God bless you sir. Whatever you said. We have an open line and Broward to a date 5 6 7 5 6 7 0 5 6 the pound 5 6 the on the AT&T wireless line.
This has been a show of fits and starts today. I've been having the fits and they've been you know. They're kind of here. They're gone. They're not too sure. They're undecided.
What we got a half hour to go. Hank will be along at two o'clock from the sporting brews. And then we got the booster from 6 to 10 tonight. And then we got Eddie Kaplan with our gambling show at 10 o'clock tonight. And then we come back to our star all over again on a worst team.
With Galdi. Oh that's right. And of course tomorrow is game day. So Galdi be really suck at heavy duty. Make it all kinds of excuses for the organization.
Little quizzling suck whole man. Every time I think of him. You know I see John Glenn and I hear that song goes off in my head. And I hear Galdi's voice and I think little quizzling suck whole.
Who happens to be on the payroll? We understand. We understand you have no credibility. So why not dummy up? In fact, let me let me stop and point this out to you. OK.
Galdi is on Wayne's payroll and Wayne owns the panthers, the Marlins and the dolphins. So I think the only sporting town that Galdi should be allowed to talk about since he might have some credibility is not on the payroll is the heat.
Right. And since the heat aren't playing now. Neither was anybody else in the NBA. What can Galdi say? Is there anything he can say? No. There you go. I got to solve that problem. Here's Pember of Pine. Hello.
Yes, sir. I kind of board Saturday and I was watching at the hurricane game. And you know, I would like to know. I'm about to pull that but you like them to pull it and that too.
Yeah. I'm a big bow and they do. But Dave. Did you hear it? Let me say I ordered a pizza like seven o'clock and I feel okay. Let me go pick it up.
I'm getting my car. Right. It's like a minute 30 to go with the whole thing goes down. When he first of all, whoever says they're going to get the PAT. What is that? I mean, he and then there's five and two in the car.
Two and two and then get the girls teams. I mean, man, I mean, I know he used to fart a lot when he was up there with us. He did a lot. I thought he got it out of his system, but I don't think not.
They need to bring back sonny. I sure will. Sonny. Oh, I got sonny. Fox fire. Yeah, I went to this haunted house. Yeah, I like to lose something. The O'Rodges because he says the word asshole. He was candid out little stickers for kids at a haunted house Saturday night. Yeah. So I mean, that's the best they could do on a Saturday night.
I listen to the word asshole. Hey, listen, that's that's good to hear that he they're keeping him busy anyway. You know, I'm saying sunny. There you go. I got no other problems over there on that on their FM's. Yeah, that's right. Us AM people here in this beastly greed organization. We'll show them what a bunch of upstanding people. We are as opposed to some problems. They got over there on the FM's. Oh boy. I don't want to say power in particular, but I'll say it anyway. We have an open line on a squeak straight that she never did. Kid Carey. They had like one of those agreements.
Here's a mobile. Hi, Neil. We have an arrangement. Yes, sir. How you doing? Great. First the comment and then a spy report. Yeah, I you guys are talking about sportscasters. I think Dave O'Brien is great. He's good. He's very good. I want to say great, but he's very good. He's no. I like it. We're him and manage are definitely the best to hear locally. I'm not too fond of of Joe Angel, but Dave O'Brien does a great job. I'm not too fond of Bill generic Zimphur. It does that often games. Me either. You know, I'm. Anyway. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not
I was at the game this the game against Vancouver. You went into the restrooms about the radio broadcast. I don't know. I don't even pay any attention. Okay. I go into the bathroom. They go to commercial break. Yeah, during the commercial break. You can hear Goldie and the and the board off talking back and forth to each other. Oh really. Over the commercial is asking Goldie. Is there a lot of ash in Boston for him to get when he goes up there? And the people in the bathroom are standing like what the hell is going on? Hey, at least it's entertaining, which is better in listening to that.
Moron is doing a game unbelievable and in closing. In fact, you know, something you just gave me an idea. I'm just going to have the tea room tomorrow night. Listen. All the behind the scenes crap instead of hearing that moron. In closing. Yes. You don't come to Florida and talk to a man like Neil Rogers like that. Moron. Okay. Thank you. All right. Oh, gee. All of a sudden this one eye. I got this sharp stinging pain. We have an open line in day. Better get my optometrist on the phone. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 80.
TNT wireless line. We love the pants. See, I'm going to see I keep making the same mistake over and over. I can't get it's like the sugar thing. I have two addictions in my life. Sugar is one of them. Hockey is another one. Okay. And I can't get rid of either one hockey. At least isn't making me sick. Sugar is killing me hockey. Though. On the show. It's killing me because nobody is interested. I'm not saying they're not interested. They just don't know anything about it. And they sure is how I'm going to discuss it with me because it's not like some of the other shows on this station.
Where they call up and they start mispronounce the names like that guy that was talking about Stevie Weisserman, whatever he called him. Stevie Weisserman. Too bad. Stevie's too small to ever be a great player. Right Brian. See, they don't they don't like small guys on this team. Doug McLean didn't like small guys. Brian Murray doesn't like small guy come to find out Terry Murray. Don't like small guys, even if they're a hell of a player. Their size queens. I told you that before. And I'll tell you that again. We got a bunch of size queens on this management. The organization.
They just don't measure up to their standards. And from what I hear about Brian, by the way, her like just about like a butterfly. He's on here's a fort Myers. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. I just heard a commercial on your station with an last hour about that former actor Charles and yes. And it's concerning the constant revision number 12. Yeah. He stated that that that would prohibit people from being charged with crimes and serving time and so forth. There's nothing in that reading. It's one point.
Paragraph. It says anything about those things. Right. Yeah, right. Exactly. You son of a bitch. It's, you know, it simply gives the counties of the authority. I think he's still suffering from that God complex. You know, I have a deadly, but for your listeners, those that don't know the difference. I don't know whether he thinks no one's going to read this, I guess. Yeah. Which is probably the guy thinks because he's God and Moses and Jesus and Abraham and all those other rules that he played a hundred years ago when he was out of the age of a hundred. He thinks that people will pay attention to him.
Well, I don't think I think it's going to pay us. Thank you, Neil. Okay. God bless you, sir. Don't forget. We have an open line at Broward 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Hey, we don't care. We just want the money. We don't care if we got fascist putting stuff on the year here. I'm starting to get in with a swing of it here. Okay. I'm not fighting them anymore. Just giving my guy a damn bonus check sometime very soon. How's your bonus check coming by the way?
This man sat up there with a straight face on Friday and said they were taking all three bonuses from the win of the spring in the summer book. And you were getting them all together on one big fat check is what he said to me. Did he say when he said something about big and fat. Maybe we were talking about norm. No, he didn't say when he said it's not a question of if it's a question of when. Oh, there he is again. Every time he comes down here, we had three hours and 40 minutes.
It's a show today never once meant meant in this topic and wouldn't you know see there's my psychic by bringing him. Just like I conjured up David in a hallway. I was talking about Colombian hockey fans. Here's David in a hallway. All of a sudden appears like an like an apparition. I'm talking about Georgia's bonus. Regreen shows up holding up the door frame there. Give us a date sometime between now and when. The next pay will is November.
There won't be time to get in the next period of that. There won't be time to get in the next period of November 10th. Oh, that's right. The fifth for him. Oh, that's too soon. So the 20th. The 20th. Okay, everybody in the audience marked this down. Okay, mark it down right now. Greg Reed says November 20th and that paycheck George will get his three bonuses from the summer. The winner. Whatever they are. Princess Summerfall, Winter Spring, whatever the hell. However, it goes.
Just remember you heard it here. Does anybody believe it? No, but it sounded good. This George believe it. No. Okay. In fact, when that happens, we're going to have such a party on the day that you actually tell me that your bonuses are right. We're going to have a goddamn party like you wouldn't believe a drunken brawl right on the air is what we're going to do. In fact, we're going to do it right down the hall here. 20. Then they can send us all into rehab. 20.
While spending the remaining time on is your car with Choukannou theft on the rise. The people who brought you a big black guy named Ben Carillarm now bring you an old Jewish guy named Ison. Get away from my quarter of the y'all. You think and the F. Remember when we used to post a packet carabee and we ought to get a bundle of baby white ones a cooler. Get away from my quarter of the y'all. You think.
M. F. What the hell is that? I object seriously.
I'm profanity like that. I think somebody's got it. Get away from my quarter of the y'all. You think M. F.
Get away from my quarter of the y'all. You think M. F. Whenever some bastard tries to steal my car, I feel safer with an old Jewish guy named Ison. Get away from my quarter of the y'all.
You think M. F. Get your old Jewish guy named Ison Carillarm now and receive a free flower in tenor. Get away. Get away. Get away from my quarter of the y'all. You think.
M. F. And old Jewish guy named Ison Carillarm now available at all. There's stories.
Okay enough. 144 at 560 WQM. So what did I tell you about that a good guy Greg Reed was?
No, he's not a bad guy. I've always told you that. It's just that he's in partners with a bunch of uslobs over there in Naples. But at any rate, what are you laughing about? It's the truth.
If he had his way, if he had the free reign on his place, we'd see a lot of things happen. And even in spite of that, we may see some thing. That was some good news there.
Greg. I don't know which I can't say on the ear. But he's on top of it, baby.
We I totally that meeting was good if we just got Norma can out of there who left his notes. Oh God almighty.
By the way, my it's lunch day at my I know she's cooking up a big dinner today because I'm starving mentally and emotionally speaking of food.
By the way, we'll be advantageous and having sure this Saturday noon or two. And we're going to have all those DNH things that we got George.
We got all know what do we have? I haven't even seen the poster. Oh, I assume the same thing. Let's let's look at one.
Let's take a peek at one. We got thanks to our friend Jeff that he make all the stuff or did somebody else make some of it?
He made buttons and keychains DNH do no harm.
Neil says of this and he'll says that and we'll have these for you. Even if you don't want to donate if you don't want to buy any of our stuff.
That's okay, but come buy and get a DNH sticker or some of those big posters. Oh, look at that. Oh, I love those. They can stick those right on their.
Rackcomb those are huge. How many of those are we got a lot a lot tons of these big. I'm talking about big posters that you can slap right on your goddamn whatever.
Right. Right. Or maybe just on the you know how they have those things in front of the churches. Where they announced the you know the very you know I'm talking about on the lawn in front of the church.
They could slap those right on there would be lovely. Here's Miami Beach. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. This year eight years Columbia and hockey fans.
Yeah, Neil was only that guy calling about Columbians. I heard something about here to call back and defend their raise their Columbia race.
He sent a race. He's a Columbia. He's a scumbags is what he said because he's over there in Fort Myers and he feels that he's safe over there. You guys aren't going to come and get him.
As for some Columbia. He's penis was too small. Uh huh. Well, Neil, you show it's great. Okay, pal. Neil, you got tickets. Yeah, I got a ticket for you. Slow down. Okay.
Columbia. We got Columbians up the old ass out there. Don't kid yourself. We got Columbians. We got Argentinians. We got the Brazilians who are in drag. We think we're not sure.
Cubans. Oh, forget about that. We got we got more Cubans than you can shake your thing at. They're all out there. They just are intimidated. They're a bunch of pussy's because they don't want to come out of the closet.
And I can understand that we understand the cultural barriers in your community and we understand why you want to make closeted for the rest of your lives.
And I appreciate that. I, you know, even though you are spineless cowards and mitochondria, I appreciate that with tiny little uping us. Here's a guy.
Paddy came to the right place. I've called the athletic department of UM. Nobody. I don't know who said. Whatever the question is, if it has to do with UM, here's the answer.
What happened to sunny harsh? What do you mean what happened to him? He was the best announcer that I've ever heard from the hurricane.
They squeezed him out for this hysterical screaming maniac. My good friend Dave Lomano is a good guy, but definitely in the wrong position.
He should never be doing play by play and they squeezed sunny out after all those years. A good guy. They screwed him over. They lied to him. They wouldn't give him an answer.
And then right like about a week before the season started, they said, oh, by the way, don't come in. You're not doing a games anymore. They screwed him over big time.
Yeah, much radio time. They've lost because now you guys leave. You want to watch it on TV. You don't even know the announcers that are given the game on TV.
There you go. That's right. Good point. Hey, can you imagine turning the sound down on TV and listening to David Lamont break the speaker on your radio? No, I would like to turn boomer off last night,
just so I could listen to the other ESPN radio announcers, but I can't imagine doing that for the UM games anymore. You know something. The boomer is killing them. He just never.
He comes up with a couple good things once in a while, but then he goes on. He buries himself. He's even though he's doing it. He's killing that thing.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, they need to dig up old Howard Cossill and Dandy Don boy bring back those days.
Cossill and bring back those teams too.
That made, anyway, can I call somebody to do spank? Go ahead. Anthony Del Pozo and your brother, Tommy, you're both douche bags and your mama too. Okay.
And by the way, you know, I think Bob Eisenberg is wearing Howard Cossill's hair piece. When he used to have the used to like keep flopping off in the breeze all the time.
People can say whatever they want about Howard Cossill. I got the book right back here, maybe. There you go.
Very self serving and it's, you know, very pompous as he was and my good friend Dave Johnson, a great race, caller Dave can rip out all he wants.
But the fact is in many ways, he did tell it like it was. He stole a lot of stuff from other people, but at least in the book, he admits that he liked the jock aqua.
Of course, he didn't invent that. I think Shirley Povich, the sports writer, invented that. He just croaked. Then he just croaked.
Shirley never trust a guy named Shirley. He was great. But at any rate, Howard Cossill, I never played the game.
What about if you just, if you just eliminate in your mind all the self serving stuff about how great Monday night football was when he was on it and all the other pompous, egotistical stuff.
But all the stuff that he tells you about the ins and outs and the screwing over the fans and the team owners and all of this good stuff and about the inarticulate ex jocks up there in the booth who've taken it all over which he's right.
Like I said before, you've got generic guys. I mean, Joe Buck is good. I'll give him that. Joe Buck is very good on Fox. Excellent.
But other than Joe Buck, who the hell have you got in any of the sports? You got Pat and John on Pat Summer Island, John Madden on Fox on football who are still the best.
I don't care what anybody says, even though Pat's 110 years old and who else you got?
You got a few great hockey announcers, but obviously there's no interest in hockey. So why even talk about that? Can we hear some Mike Lang? No.
No. Love Mike Lang, but you're not going to hear him. See, that's another thing. What are these people thinking about?
In the middle of a show where we're solving the problems of mankind and some jackass calls me, hey, can we hear some Mike Lang? Of course not.
I watched Mike Lang last night. I suffered through the leave, skitt and shut out by Pittsburgh. Mike Lang is great.
Although I'll tell you right now, the greatest hockey announcer in North America right now may surprise you. Maybe not Joe Bowen.
There you go. That's right. Toronto Maple Leafs. Holy mackenaw. This is Joe Bowen, the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs.
And you're listening to the hockey authority. Neil God. You're the best. Joe make no mistake about it. Some other guys, you know, they move around a little bit.
You have to reassess, but the other sports there are a bunch of crap. And if anybody's going to tell me a song and answer my Bob Costas. Oh, Jesus.
What a smartly little arrogant Torpey is. Okay. Another guy. He was okay when he was doing his little commentary and he was doing a pregame show.
But to be doing play by play, give me a break. That's right. Bob Costas, little ass sucking Torpey. He's like one step away from guilty.
In fact, you know something next time I see Bob Costas guilty and John Glenn together, I'm going to think, that's the only thing I'm going to have to think of.
It's a catch all Thursday coming to a cape near you. That's terrible. Is that bad? Is that as tasteless as the good?
John Glenn is just a he's got to go. You know, it's his time has come and see a John. You will still old fart right wing. Yeah, Democrat from Ohio. What? What is it with Alzheimer's? If you're shopping EQA, yeah.
Ray, what he has a pair. Oh, let's make Cox. I don't want to step on it. Okay, 157 at 560 WQM. Here's a lady in Kendall. Hello. Hi. Yes, man. You're with your interview celebrity interviews. No.
Well, I was just in I think it should do with whoever you interview with Mickey Rork. Why is that? I think he's a great guy. He's a terrific actor. Well, when I talk to Mickey Rork about I rather talk to Mickey Rooney.
Well, you know, he hasn't had any movies out lately. Yeah, why would I want to talk to him? He's a good guy. Yeah, he's a local hero. He's a local, local hero. Yeah, I rather talk to Stevie Bower. At least he's my buddy. People don't even know who he is.
They don't know Kepasa USA. You're not in Stevie Bower. Rocky etch of a ria. Mickey Rork is a national. You're gonna burn on the lake of fire for knocking Steven Bower. Did you ever see the Pope of Grandad Villars? Did you ever see a thief of hearts? No, you ever see Scarface? I don't recall seeing Mickey Rork in Scarface.
Let's because he could do better than that. Like what? Nine and a half weeks. The Pope of Grandad Villars. Not in a half weeks. That's a baby movie. Rumble fish. These are crumbles. Rumble, bum. Oh, get out of here. Oh, I wish I had my life.
Mickey Rork, oh, place the music. It's not in the DCS, so it's gotta be on the park. Rork will be on a show tomorrow very briefly. I think I've still got the master for that. I think it's all one of my mini discs. I'm positive. We got a little Mickey Rork. Just enough to make you understand what he's all about. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil, what's up, man? How you doing, sir?
Good listen. I went to the game Friday night and the problems with what's on the ice. I don't even think with the ever got out on the power play in that game. I think we had like five power plays at one point. He doesn't have a plan to point at a power play. He was great on a point last year. Now it's his tool to the end. So he's ready to museless and he's going to destroy him. Just remember what I told you heard it. They gave me a bunch of crap two years ago. And I was right on target about Steve Barnes and Jason Wolley and his Chris Wellstiff. They gave me a lot of crap. And I'm telling you right now. Doug McLean destroyed Marty.
He's a strong and a Terry Murray will destroy Whitney and he'll be gone. And that's going to be a sad day for us. Yep. I think him and his brother. They're both sides. Queen's Neil. There you go. You got it. You got it down to a science. Okay. They're shy. Queen's. That's the problem. I'm telling you shame person bad disguise. Okay. That's it. Oh, by the way, anybody go out by my heaven. They bought this book. What is wrong with these people? What is wrong with these people? Lost rights by James Bolvard. It's in paperback. I'm going to read some more from this tomorrow. Man. It's going to be a lot of fun.
You're going to make you pee in your pants. You're want to run out and buy this book before it's two guy. Damn late. You'll make one trip to the bookstore to get the book. Another stop at the passport office and another stop at a guy to me. You'll air our port. Thanks coming up next from the sporting bruise. Then we got the booster six o'clock tonight. Any K with all the odds on the high school volleyball games 10 o'clock tonight.
Try to be something more than just friendly because you know when we listen to our radio station up there in Gainesville, we don't talk about Miami. And I can't figure out why you got this. A lot of people up there don't know Miami even exists. Come on. I know. They've never been out of Gainesville. Why has it been? Why has it been personal? Just answers question default. Here's why. It's not for a long time. Why? I don't know. I did classic example, Bob. I welcome Gator fans to call in talk about the Florida Georgia game. And Steve and Joe have been very adamant.
He's post show meeting saying to force you got to let him talk and all you do for the first five minutes. You're on the air here is Rip me. You haven't said anything about the game. I'm telling you that I will turn your show on every day and listen to it, but it takes all of it's. Come on. Guy never said anything. Now that's what we're talking about. Hang up on the guy. That guy's telling you right now why he basically doesn't like you. Did you hear the previous caller came came to the forefront. He said, Hey, we're not running scare. We're going to go up.
There went a game. We let him finish his piece. This guy comes on. He just wants to attack me. Steve, how you doing? Go blind to have you on the program. All I'm glad to be on her. D. For you know, we listen to you day after day after day. And it's the same thing. Do you come home and try to write your lines? Say what? You do that. Well, is that your mating call? That was a me. That was Steve. Come on, D. For what do you got to say? Give us something that means something to people out there listening to the program. Your pissed off, D. For the fan. The Gator fans.
We're going ahead. I'm listening. I am anything. Let's talk football. Let's talk football. Okay. Yeah, I ain't play default. That is a great call. I appreciate you coming in here with that. Thank you, Dan. Alrighty. All right. There you go. See. They don't respect you. A fan. If he guy comes in with a little intelligence, that's fine. Come on. The usual. No, no, no, no. Stop the backhanded shots and just take the calls. That's it. We got to
take a break. Ninety-zero. Ninety-zero three thousand toll free and sell for the pound five. All it's good. A Humatillo where Steven is stuck in with tonight's. That's not fair. That's not right. I mean, we're trying to have a piece in harmony. Now all of a sudden you want to talk football. I want to talk some football. Some exes and I was like these calls that we're getting today. That's not right. We're trying to have a good time. You're telling that he tells him to play it. We need not. I didn't tell him to play it. Maybe not. I had nothing to do with it.
I finally get some intelligent calls from Gator fans. I think it's a good thing. And I wanted to continue. So we'll continue on. Ninety-zero four to state your University of Miami. That would explain your feelings about the Gators. No, actually, it started with Spurrier a long time ago. I don't really have any problems during the Charlie Pell Grand Days or Gail and Hall. But I just resented some of the things that Spurrier did. And next thing you know he's shining this on. He wouldn't come on any radio shows. He was taking pot shots at us and just like the guy in general. Yeah. He is a pretty good guy.
He's a great coach. I'd never deny that. Well, you're accomplishing something. You're getting the Gator fans to like you a little bit. Yeah.
Not exactly taking the shots you take when they're not on the phone when they are on the phone. Typical Jeff the four status best. How's that? Well, you didn't stand up to him. But you just kind of down.
So I've got into their faces than the people call next thing we know you'll be sadder. He probably up at the game with Gator colors on. Blue and orange, baby. Up in Jacksonville.
You are brutal. Go Gators. Oh, come on. All right. So you don't buy that. That's fine. You know, I can understand that. No, I was happy to see that. You know, we did make some progress here today.
Gator fans traditionally call in and say nothing. They just take pot shots at me. Today they brought some football knowledge to the program. And that's what the show is all about. You let them talk.
Well, he said something and tell you only hung up on one Gator today. Unlike other days when we have Gator calls, maybe four, five, six Gator fans get hung up on. I got to admit I didn't enjoy the show as much. Neil Rogers coming up.
Can beat that Gator meat. WQ. Where the packet is.
Can beat that Gator meat. 1003 at five 60 WQM. Happy Wednesday to you. What what is this obsession in this town with college sports and not only college sports, but college. How far would you say this about 300 miles to Gainesville? I never been there more.
More 300 miles. It's 400 miles to Jacksonville. It can't be that 300 miles away. The stuff that's going on here. Does anybody care about that? No, but Gainesville men are obsessed with Gainesville. Maybe we need to get an education here today. Maybe we need to talk to some people. Not about the Gators who I saw a license tag. I'm going to get my mail last night at my post office box. And as a guy in front of me, he's got a one of those specialized license tags with a picture of a Gator.
He's got a picture of a semi-doller thing. It's a no Gator. It was the other thing. No Gator. Don't you want to stick your finger in your nose? Because every time I see your Steve Spruer or Bobby Bowden, I forget about Terry Bowden, he saw a picture of himself on TV with a white shirt and baseball cap.
He said, I'm so dang embarrassed. I got to get out of here. And he just ran off and quit. He hauled ass and quit. But what is it about college sports in this town? I mean, I thought this was like a sports station because I see a piece of mail at Greg Reggott this morning, which thank God he shared with me. Because we like to know when the end is near.
And it says, get rid of Near Rogers. We want sports. On the side, of course. No signature. No address or nothing. Get rid of Near Rogers. We want sports. We even know his ratings are like double anybody else on the station. You realize that? Oh, did we get a response on that? Were the 10 to 2 numbers are yet? No. Well, why not? Let's get with it over there. Okay. It's Wednesday already to book him out on Friday. Let's get those 10 to 2 numbers. So we have our own real numbers, these four hours. And we can see here at Greg about them how great they are.
Like kind of morning drive and afternoon drive put together in some demographics. And bring it in more money, making more money than any other day part. But let's get rid of Neal. Cause he don't want to talk sports. And he is basically don't want to talk about that. No, he's picking Gator craft and seminal craft. And we're going to send the big black guy way to we're going to send him out wide. And he's going to run like a mother scratch. And we're going to throw him to ball. And we're going to score score score. And I mean, get serious. Will you please? So I noticed. And of course, when I do talk sports, there's no response anyway. Cause that's the way. I'm going to say. I'm going to say. I'm going to say. I'm going to say. I'm going to say. I'm going to say. I'm going to say. I'm going to say. I'm going to say. I'm going to say.
I'm going to talk about a real sport like hockey, which we got the game with a red wings tonight. And we got a thousand unsolved tickets for that, including the 500 Panther packs. So please, let's fill that you in up. I heard Gordon Murphy on with the worst team this morning. I was going. Good guy. Very articulate. Actually said something. So part they had basically no calls. There was some shorts are called in about some dolphin injury and not Craig Erikson, but somebody else I never heard of. And that was it. Some show. But there wasn't any discussion about the situation with the Whitney, which he may now play on a second line. We understand if he does. You know who does.
So thank for that. You know, I understand that Terry Murray was having big gigantic movements yesterday during the course of the show. See, this ain't one of those places where you can run and hide because I'm going to expose all the crap you guys are doing, even if we get no response to it. Like I said, they had no calls about that this morning. And they were going on and on a great length about the benching of Whitney and Spayla and about Terry Murray being a hard ass. And they had Gordon Murphy on there. Did they have one call about that? No. Well, you had all, all depots got to do is get out that get out. Geldies goat, which I think is the one that Terry and Brian Murray were.
Photograph, do one get that go down and start with that gator stuff. And here, here they come one after another after another with one finger in their nostril, one in their echo and start with that gator crab. And here we are in Miami. You know, it's interesting. The one call I did here was the guy who set up there on Gainesville radio. They don't talk about the hercones. They talk about the gators. They talk about what they're doing up there. Words are not in the same conference. You know, what what's the big deal? What's the attraction? But because we have so many things.
People down here who had the misfortune to go into school up there. See, I went to a school where we have a crappy football team Michigan State. We had a couple of good years, you know, 67 a couple of good years along the way over the years. But you know, something does anybody really care all that much. No, there's plenty of corruption and plenty of a scandal and plenty of illiterate jocks up there. But does anybody really care? No, it went to Michigan State whether the team loses or not. We got a great hockey team. But do we care about the fact that our football team sucks and that Michigan year in and year out like this year, almost every year,
beats this not out of us. We beat Notre Dame this year. There you go. That's our claim to family. We don't need to do anything else. But these people that go to school at some college and right away to become obsessed with the football team, obsessed like it's a replacement substitute for a life. I don't get it. I don't understand that sports talking this town, not professional sports college sports. I'm going to tell you something. Maybe we can actually work it down to a meaningful level. We can start talking high school sports. How about junior high sports?
How about kindergarten sports? There's a kid over there plays a Miami high about seven years old, baby. He's going to be he's growing about six to already. Six years old, six to hung like a moose. And we're going to send him out there. He's going to go out wide and he's going to run like a mother. He's going to run a goddamn crop and they're going to give that thing up there. They're going to do a Hail Mary. It's unbelievable. And don't you think it's a unbelievable. I do. It's amazing to me that grown people that adults are so upset.
And so and just so full of like psychosis about this, like it's important, like the future of the world depends on Gator football or seminal football or her coon football, depending on who got the biggest, you know, suppose this year stuff like that. Isn't that what it really is all about? Who's got the biggest foes? Because I'm going to tell you Steve Spurrier and Bobby Bowden, you put the two of them together and you still have minus points in the IQ column. Yahoo. Every time I see those guys Yahoo. That's what comes to mind. I think of the things that are wrong with the state of
Florida, not the things that are nice about it, like the weather most of the time, like those nice pretty palm trees, stuff like that. But I think of the things that are wrong when I see those guys, like kind of like, yeah, I got my finger all the way up to where my brain used to be. In fact, maybe that's what happened. Maybe they had their finger up there so much where the brain used to be. They kind of like scratched it out, went and out. It kind of fell out. You know what I'm talking about. I think you do nine minutes. Where are you? You eight out. Can beat that Gator me and beat that Gator me.
So George just had some hysterical lunatic on the phone, which I wish we could have gotten them on the fact that I discuss sports there for our mahypercrete. I don't discuss sports. I talk about hockey, which is a level above all the other sports in a class by itself. How about that game last night? Even though it was a scoreless talk. Okay. Not college football, which is for overgrown children. I mean, how why do we talk about college soccer? How about La Crosse? Covering big in colleges up there in the Ivy League. They play La Crosse. How about college golf?
Huh? College swimming, college diving. That's what Greg Lucenas always said. Divers do it deeper. That's what he said. Now look what happened to him. I mean, let's, you know, get into the nitty-gritty. That's the problem with this town. You don't hear it. Like during the Marlins thing this year. I mentioned this yesterday. Is there any intelligent discussion about baseball? Hey, Eddie, you think Leibon's going to win 20 games this year? That's the level of conversation you got about baseball in this town. This might be out something. If we had real stuff,
sports fans in this in this town and people be screaming about this, they'd be having a nervous breakdown. And by the way, the Metz only paid $30 million more for the whole deal in the next highest offer. Smart move there, Metz. But do we have any comment about that? No. They talk about college sports. That's in any one what they do talk is Kakka nonsense. Oh, my school of better than yours is in D4. Where do you go to school? You're some kind of a seminal. Oh my God. You some kind of
a hurricane. That's not sports, huh? That's Kakka. That's baby crap. That's like that. So the notion that I'm the evil one on here, there must be a reason that all these people are tuned in. Like the guy that was screaming at you, the claims he's going back to changes radio right now, who listens every single God damn day. And his listing is I speak right now, but doesn't have the cajon to call and speak to me. It wants to be right you because he's such a macho man. He's probably a God damn gator if you ask me. And you know, I'm not going to
know something. The gators, the seminals and hurricanes. They can all kiss my big fat. I don't give a crap about any of them. Except I do like to see the hercones lose. I do like that. I'll confess to that. I was very, very sad when Dave Lamont was shrieking and yelling and screaming at the end of that West Virginia game on Saturday that the field goal was wide, right or wide left or wide something because I couldn't understand what he was saying because he was screaming. So God damn loud is if it was about something very important, which it wasn't, but nevertheless. I do enjoy seeing them lose because number one of the corruption of the program in number two, because
of the phone. It's a phantom thing in this town. They couldn't even sell out the FSU game with 60% or 80% of the people where there were seminal fans. They couldn't even sell out that game. Could they? No, that's right. But if they should have like one of their glory years again, all of a sudden end of a packet 80,000 phony or front, this town is great for that front running phoneies. Very big on that. So I'll talk about whatever the hell I want to talk about. Thank you in a response. I'll be just the same. None. Neil, just like I heard this morning. See, I feel much better about it now. There's only one person on this.
A station that gets phone calls that's Hank. If you notice that, Hank, no, seriously, Hank gets it down into his three or four minutes or five minutes or whatever and ramble on and there you go. Here's a Tom and Davey one after another after another. Now most of them are of course compulsive gamblers, but nevertheless, I salute Hank the fact that his phones bring off the morning show. Do they get calls? Do we get calls him? I got a bus. I got a pop a bone to get these bashings off their ass. They're out there just like that guy that's calling you screaming and holler, but they're intimidated. See, I'm supposed to
be the limperisted fact. They're supposed to be the macho man. And of course, they're hiding behind behind the anonymity of the telephone, which is, I mean, even less excuse for them not having the macones to talk to me, but they just can't do it. Can they do it? No. Now, I want to hear right now from some people. Tell me about Gainesville. What would you give me a look like that? I've never been to Gainesville. I would like to find out something about what kind of a commiserate is it kind of like Lakeland? I've driven to Lakeland. That's a horrible place. I've never driven to Lakeland. But it's nice. Is it like that?
I like Lake City. I've driven to, is it like that where they have a horse country? A lot of horses and asses running around. You know, it's a college town. A lot of young people running around. A lot of bricks. A lot of ivy on the walls. Ivy. You can go float the itch atuck. Ivy on the walls. They make it sound like kind of like Harvard now. Something like that. Ivy League. It's just like Dartmouth or Hurricane. Or Cornell or whatever. Ivy League school kind of like Brown. No. Oh, I wouldn't know. Like an institution of higher learning. I mean, does anybody learn anything?
I don't know.
alley.
