chances he made a few things happen but he's using them in a wrong role
He won't put him on a point in the power play this guy thinks he's gonna come in here and rearrange the furniture
And he's gonna make a miracle from it and guess what most of it is the same old tired furniture that would nobody wants to buy
Right what you're saying is because I'm a former athlete and a coach that tries to play head games to think that the
Performance is gonna be better. That's it. That's a lot
Yeah, it was just like him pulling out Sean Burke
I mean you see this happen in games and it happens
Increasingly now because you know not because he played so bad because two of those first three goals were deflected
He had no chance
But to pull him out there and then put in Kirk McLean thinking again trying to play this head job
Like this is gonna wait the team up. They went into a deeper coma
Yes, stood around and they watched this poor Kirk McLean out there who's defenseless just watched him pop in one after another after another
I mean it was pathetic. It was it was humiliating
That that's the thing again with these re-treads and so on maybe they're there not that many new guys out
I'm sure there are some but here's the guy who's got a history of this and this will follow you for a reason because that's the way he acts
It will happen here like you're saying they will have to tend for him
This will this a big deal they beat these up
Sorry teams the first two games just like the dolphins at the beginning of the year
Okay, they can't match up with medium average talent let alone the Detroit and so on they will languish
I agree with you every every time we play a you know a
Decent team and they're playing they're not so many outstanding teams
But every time we play a decent team in Liga
I mean unless it's the wrong night and they're on the way but we're gonna get our ass kicked this year
And this they've got to make a lot of changes and I just don't see it happening as long as Wayne's got his fist out of first rings
You know just even a loan in business
Maybe the guy and keep in mind by the way if they would have given visa
It's a little bit more money that he wanted to stay here and I was mind up and making the scapegoat for all of their mistakes
They'd still have him right now instead of these two guys keeping my Kirk McLean is making two point or whatever made into an
App they got five million dollars worth of stifle tending out there is what they've got
No, no, no, that was another croc that excuse to blame the beazer or blame this one or blame how about blaming themselves with Chris Wells
Okay, and and all these other
They look good. He looks good in the suit up there in the stands have a great day pal
We have an open he's pissed off and fired up. That's one
There you go. He's sick and tired of being lied to and hear all the bull crap
And like I said if the games were free, hey, you know, okay, and you take it or leave it and
The prices just keep going up fan up fan up and okay
You had to have an arena so we can make some money for you. Okay. We build you the arena now put a quality product as a
Are you gonna do it for us? No, of course not
Of course not because it's the Wayne Meister because we owe him something. I guess that's what he thinks we owe him something
That the other way around
Here's Miami Springs hello
Yeah, I'm fired up. Yeah, I am pissed off. Yes, I'm not I am I'm listening
Okay, thanks. I think I got a piece of pants that I should have today. I thought it'd been really miserable
Hey, the game of
I agree I disagree with you on one point. I don't think we have a town out there
I don't think the players we have have have to have the town to keep up with the teens and the western
Comments that we did what he did
You said you said you said you have guys to town out there
It's the coaching is what you said
I didn't say that at all. I said we got a half a dozen guys. There were stiffs that they want to get rid of I said
I everybody I talked to with the game last night that phrase I used the same as last year
This team suffers from a lack of talent. That's it's those are my words
Absolutely, I remember the play we talked about in the second period when they tried to get off on that
But it was why I changed and then they got caught in the zone and they were running around for four minutes
It was that I have seldom seen anything like that in my life
I thought there was gonna be a riot the crowd was just foaming at them out and and keep in mind
This was at even strength there was nobody in a penalty line
I was trying to look like a five on three
We're trying to look like a five on one
We're chasing nobody. You know you're playing with us. It was embarrassing
They were playing with us like you like you like you like you said is men playing with you get boy
That's what it looked like to me. All right. Yeah. Okay, pal. He got his pants or practical. He was up there and then I was bleed
Two open lines in date five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on oh
Happy the morning to you Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Happy Thursday
I have to point well first of all I called you the day after the LA King's game and I told you you know if you didn't know anybody
It's where the guys they were trying to throw the L out of that place
Like you said the food wasn't ready in a certain time. Yeah, that's not ready the music's too loud. I mean
I mean they know ahead of time they know the day the games are gonna be they know the time that the goal
Are open up the doors how much effort does it take to get some people in there early to you know get stuff cooking a half hour ahead of time
So they're when the doors open whatever people want to spend their money on hey guess what here it is hope you enjoy it
Hope you have a good game something you know, but again, it's that time here's not that same way no one would be open it's worked a lot
You know
Uh
Seminar one time and they gave us things you saw lot
What would you say would be the 10 most important things that would go to employees and add a category lifting up money
This that and X-Stane clean restrooms all that other stuff in parks
And the first and in there was a category or a line that said employee friendly
Workplace and I put that down and this woman says that's kind of funny that you did that you know most people were to put on money
And I said well the money will come if everybody's happy
Uh, and you know as long as you keep the big people happy
They don't want to work for the company and this nonsense like you say nobody wants to say hello to each other and and I've got that
The same place I work out now
Second of all, I mean what kind of people are we talking about what kind of little punks?
If we got walking around here who think that they're big shots not not
I'm in if I'm just a guy that walks in here, okay?
I'm just a guy walks in here does a job and I walk out of here and I expected if I say
See the worst thing one of the most the rudest things that you can do to somebody besides bitching him out
It is not when they say hello to you just the
The stair to order don't exist. Yeah, what's the point?
What's the point did I shoot this guy's puppy dog? No, and did it is it gonna cost him anything?
But I should have understood because this is one of the same punks when I got on the elevator months ago
Decided he that I didn't know English and was speaking a foreign language so that he and his buddy in the elevator could carry on their private conversation
And that's another thing that I that used to drive me not some Polish in my mother
When I lived back up in Pittsburgh used to get on the horn when I was a kid with my grandmother
And they'd be talking English until she wanted to say something that she didn't want me to hear and then all of a sudden
He did it a little bit you can write and you know in that in to this day that drives me nuts down here
Second of all unacceptable. Yeah, right second of all if that guy that second caller thinks that one team the coach
Johnson yeah, before he passed away that was like Lemuse father
I mean they wanted a place for that guy in the worst way right Scotty Bowman comes in there after the man dies
They win another championship third year they got in he leaves
They've got the same team with probably one or two different faces on it and they get petty Johnson in there who had them before
The
Ron Johnson like I said before when you want to start brow-beating guys when you want to start
Trying to make examples of people today's athletes aren't gonna put off with that crap
They're not gonna go out there and put out for it. I'm telling you this team is not gonna play for Terry Murray
No matter how many submarine challenges Mitch from Bokeh makes him and his brother, okay?
We have an open line out of their system. We got no calls in date as usual here today
And a little bit of a four-year there's about 20 minutes
5 6 7 0 5 60
Palm 5 60 out of 18 T wireless line
Here's four-letter nail. Hello
Hello, yes sir. Oh, I'm on
Sounds like you
On the you are made we fan because of the affiliation from the whole roster
I don't know because I lived in Rochester in Toronto as you know is right across the lake
I was wrong. I by the time I started
Following hockey about 30 years ago. I think the Toronto dumps the Hamlin's and Vancouver is running to show and luxury as a
Whatever I could cure us. Yeah
The facts now you're kidding carried away. I'm confusing what with the best you're confusing them with the facts. Oh, they don't they'll get it
All right, there ain't you to step on you. Okay. Thank you. We have an open line at day one and broward
5 6 7 0 5 60 from strong and was George the chief Armstrong but nevertheless close but not a match
26. We're about old stuff from 100 years ago. I don't want to hear cross the old parts tell me about Johnny
Bowen Frank Mahavallich because I'll talk circles around you sir
It wasn't red arm strong. It was George the chief Armstrong and I could play bill you it and I can play that
Gold in the empty net at the end of the Canadians get but I'm not gonna do it
All these experts that's one of the problems we got down here and like I
It's just like this place. It's the same thing
The reason that Wayne does this stuff I've told you this before is because he can
He gets 19,132 people in that palace we built for him their last night
Because he can
He could have put 400 pounds of cow crap out there any ice with a panther patrol running around slinging their crap up into the and he can do it
20,000 again the average for the marlins he came and slapped every fan in the face
He beat you until a blood was pouring out of your teeth. Yeah. Okay. Where do I sign up Wayne?
And that's why he keeps doing it because he can't be begging at big space. So that's one good thing
So this government's gonna spend billions of dollars in a couple of hours to send some old 77 year old senile fart
Open to space again because it wasn't good enough the first time. Okay. He deserves another shot at it. Okay
Yeah, that's just keep every time CNN keeps putting it like right now. There you go
They're covering it with a blanket
I just see his pussy that keeps coming to mind. I don't know what that means. You don't think I have a premonition do you?
Here's a mobile and pampered pine. Hello, you know, you said that the other day and I've been thinking about that all week
Yeah, I don't know what it is. You know, listening billions of dollars. We got people starving it as we got people making unwanted babies
We got kids
Freezing the death on the streets in the winter time and we're spending billions to send a scene our old fart in his compadre
Up there in the space again. So water conca I can make a comeback. Yeah, and then met him useful
I have a big up promo about that. We went into space and took it up and it's in the bag right right?
Listen, you know, uh, some things you say things and then I think wow, you know, I'm not the only one
You know, I was at the arena for the first time several weeks ago. Yeah
And I went in I believe it's the South entrance and I asked uh one of the people there in the uniform
I said where could I go to get you know, it's uh
Coke and then some chips. Mm-hmm. And the guy pointed to stairs right look like right when you walk in he says
Go up there. There's a bar there and you can get what you want. Mm-hmm. I said, okay, great
So I go up there. I ordered a Coca-Cola and I said, you know, get some chips. He goes, oh, this is just a bar
Drink solely you have to go downstairs to the snacking sessions fine. I take the drink downstairs
This is very ask hard. I mean, you know real intimidating to me and he said you can't take the drink out here
Don't you see the sign?
Okay, and I said, well, you know the guy told me I don't care you cannot take the drink up there
But they go back up, you know drink my drink go back and you know
Just really a bad scene, you know, I'm saying plus it's embarrassing. I mean, I don't like to you
I'm kind of a witty guy. I guess you would say right, you know, I might go on to make a scene right? I don't want to make a scene
Plus on my date there she's looking at me like in a boy you look like that intimidate you and yeah
Thank you, Wayne
Beauty, I love it. I'm glad you had a good time. Hey, love it
See you in the studio. Thanks
Opel Island in Broward County is everybody happy day. Yes, we are. We're excited. Hey listen. Oh, sweat off my ass
They're paying for my tickets got that nice reserve parking, which I paid but nevertheless not that much more. I can handle it
Getting that car impact that was practice
That's gonna be going on all year long one period two periods stop off at publics
You know go home or watch some good hockey some other games on TV not ours
Oh, yeah, you got this wall dish in the package. You got 800 other great games around last night
All kinds of people scoring goals Edmonton got eight goals against those awful caps eight to two
Bruins nine to two over Montreal all kind of there's two barns
They're sticking a couple in for the penguins five two over Calgary
LA and at them incredible kid at
And what the legato legacy that kid he's unbelievable shutting out the jersey for nothing
All kinds of entertaining stuff on it was our game one of those no
I mean was on it, but was it entertaining? No, of course not here comes rubber you need a mile over to blula
Rimmer come on well, yeah
Jesus I understand you're on a payroll. You're trying to make it exciting. You don't have much to work with there
You got that frog next to you, but if you want to give me an honest
Amalization of the way they played these seven games. They start. Thank you
Now is this is this for real what you're putting on there is that for like ever? How is that a put on because we know a lot of
Damn yes, sir. I'm from New Jersey. I ride. I'm an armed chronic
You used to call me we need box, but then I found a life and I moved to New Jersey. Uh-huh
Uh-huh. I don't tell you what. Are you in a city? Are you just like a generic New Jersey? Like I was in the middle land
Oh the middle land giant stadium there
Well, I think more of the racetrack myself, but what do you say? I should have said uh-huh
And this is the first time I've witnessed sports up here. Yes. I'll tell you what
High thing it would not get away with anything up here
Life you get to weigh it down there. Yeah, you can't buy a ticket to a sporting event here. Uh-huh. What happens?
It's impossible. It's a giant for playing you know our way. Well the giant
I'll tell you one thing the giants maybe we'll go about the devils. What are all those empty seats that I see? Yes
They only had six thousand year right
Like the rain nothing like a Carolina thing. Ponds of empty seats in the devils of course have a pretty good team
Although not too good start, but nevertheless they got a lot of talent on it
Tons of empty seats I see. Yeah, that is true
You know what I noticed about the World Series. Yeah, you know even with the mess in the Yankees as soon as the seasons over
They think how can we find these guys again
You know the mess they gave pizza man
I want to tell you something. I'm gonna say it again
What they have just done giving our lighter eight million dollars a year four years 32 million dollars and 91 million dollars to the pizza man
That's the end they can take their baseballs that you shove them in their ass and I have no
It's whatsoever now. I got to pay eighty seven dollars for a hot dog when I go there you go
Um, can you come so many food spec please?
I'm closing. Yes. I got two two people it's gonna be quick
Keep million and Brian honey get drinking Jordan you are major food spec
Okay, I'll thank you. I can say it. Okay. Don't forget
We have an open-line in Broward five six seven oh five sixty that's only in Camden. Okay, and Trenton
Yeah, you're right. I guess you got a point. I'll find those books in the other in the tenify. Well, yeah, no, there you go
Here's the cross-spring. Hello
In the Leon
Am I on? Yeah, I'm on how about you? It's time you are yeah, it's a two thing first of all sportsman's down here
So thick old, you know, I think you can go by with whatever you want
I'm from Chicago and we support winning and losing teams. It's an event. Yeah, here people just they go to the games
It's like we can give your world through your team and we can take them away
We can take the money away. It's a big job. Yeah, well
Okay, but how can you not send a message to the guy? How could how could they average 20,000 people again for the marlins this last year
When he turned them into a little league team? How could anybody pay to see that crap and I get a guy call me two days ago
He's like some old fart. He's debating well
He got his renewal form in the mail and should he send it in and is John and we go to buy the team?
How could anybody renew for that crap after they slap you a silly and then drain the blood out of you?
Could he know it's just a mentality the mentality is you know, we got to go see some sort of sport on here
They're put up like you said watching little league. It's more enjoyable
And you know you got to stay off the path of the cold. That's probably the only routine that was at the team
Well, that's a pretty sad comment isn't it then it's a truth but a good point. Okay. Have a great day pal
I thought that that tappy what do they call that thing there in between periods the old pub pull there etc
I thought that was about the only entertaining thing when Diffle was out there. They were pulling it
Okay, it's 1147 at 560 WQM. We have an open line in date if you move quickly
560 560 pump
Here's Pompano Beach hello
Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Uh, yes, here's my first time at the new arena. Oh my god. I'm sorry. I apologize for fuselage
It gets worse. Uh, it's kind of a complaint
Have you ever been to the emerald room in your arena?
I don't know the elevator. He asked the elevator guy to take us to the emerald club
So the guy is trying to find the button out where to go and and the guy in the club to the elevator guy
You know what for time he's like I think it's on this one he goes well before you think he goes
I want you to refer to your handbook first and find out where it's at
So you make the right decision so we don't hold up the customers. Yeah
So he gets us to this week level and we're walking all around for the old elevator guy for not looking at it
Yeah
So anyway, we just by that time the game was just about to start so we went back to our seats
But it was terrible experience that was like no, you're you got it wrong
If you would have been a lot luckier if it would have taken the god back to see the game that you had been heaven
That's true. You're right. He's got a nice little tour of the whole joint and the comeback said
I miss anything you'd looked up the scoreboard it would sit six nothing you said okay. See you. You're right
Well anyway, we did get back to our feet. Well exactly abortion
So other than that though the arena was nice. Yeah, it looks pretty good. Okay. Thank you. I mean had a good time. Thank you
Here's another happy camper
Little teeny tiny gold lights and sometimes they score gold that comes on sometimes it don't come on
Because Wayne don't want to spend a few more bucks to put real gold lights in air plus
I mean why should we bother because we don't screw any goals anyway
Let's see now. We're we're seeing three home games a scored one against L.A
None against Vancouver in two last night. That's three and three games sounds like one a game to me
Opposition scored one and five is six and seven games not too bad
You want
And we had for quite a lot of three shots on goal the first period. What are you complaining about? What's wrong with that?
Here's Miami. Hello
For now. Yes sir after
Yeah
Okay, that was a while short and sweet right in the point to which we can only say uh sure
Two open lines and date five finalists line see like I said before
Just like the thing with the marlins that I'm not gonna keep beating this every day after last night
If you have nothing to say if you are I'm not saying that you got to stay away
You got a boycott you got to have it a risk breakdown. It's just a game but
If you don't even have anything to say for free
If you're not gonna open up a mouth and make a comment then you know something you got nothing to complain about
I'm not gonna do everybody else's screaming and carrying on form. Let's hear it
19,132 people air last night
So let's take out the 15 hundred or two thousand red wing fans. Let's talk about 17,000 alleged panther fans
Somebody paid for those tickets even if you didn't
Anybody please with that performance. No anybody
Ever want to see that again. No, but I'm afraid you will
You've got a disorganized mishmash of
Nothing is what you got you got a few guys out there even my good friend Paul laws who generally speaking is pretty solid
He was confident up last night like he had the
Woothing cough
Everybody it was like Christmas time early. Here's another gift for you see if you can stick this one at all
It's already in there. Why it's not on but it's in there
North Miami
And I kind of made a decision this week. I just spent $52
Which is what I would have mattered to us tomorrow night. I'm sitting
And I'll see what I guess
And have a good time. Let me know how it was all right. Okay
Well, there's a guy's gonna go down the C.D. Matador's in a mine which may be mounted minor league
But he might get least made a major league effort which we sure didn't do last night
I mean not even an effort not even anything just a grotesque we're standing around we're lost
We got no direction. We have no idea what the hell we're doing out here. Can anybody help us out? No, sorry
Open line and dates line
Here's a lady in deer field. Hello
Hey, Neil. Yes, ma'am. I would like to congratulate you for having some breath to put in a blame where the blame is due
Yes, the Murray brothers abiting Kissello. Give me a break
Frickin freck. You know what they do
They're sitting on their hands not doing anything
Something all right. They've destroyed this franchise Brian's been doing it for a couple of years now
And his brother came in here to bring a partner in crime. Well look what he's saying. They did to the Marlons
Yeah, the defending world-series
But but let me say it to you again
Let me say it to and this is the sports station all summer long
Not just on this show, which is really a sports show
But on this whole radio station there was almost no conversation by the caller's anybody screaming complaining
Bully again if this would go on in a real sports town, which this is not the people would be
I mean very how much does it cost to make a phone call and say I'm as mad as hell and I'm sick and tired
I'm disgusting and this is crap and you keep bleeding the money out of us and asking for more and more into our
Wieners and new stadium and this is the garbage you expect us to pay to go see
Thank you. I have I did not buy tickets this year season tickets
I have been a season ticket holder for the cancer since the beginning. Okay last year. I was
Just I was living. I can't believe I go to the games. I spent a hundred bucks that I worked for yeah
You know to see them lose constantly. I mean I'm gonna tell you right now last night was not by in Friday night
Okay, these are the last two home games by any stretch of the imagination entertainment
I don't care what you want to call it besides crap
But it was not in any way entertainment so the price that you pay for those tickets and for the parking and
Refreshments and all the other crap what it was for I have got no idea unless that we just got to make Wien all the money back
He lost in the Miami area. Well, you know, Wieny any to Ben Tim yeah, okay. I'm tired of his little wine any breaks the nail
He's out for six weeks. Oh, give me a break. He's a hockey player. No, I think you got that wrong
Okay, sweetheart good luck. Thank you
Open line and date one and proud these phones ought to be smoking here today
This is the day to get out of your goddamn system. Are they gonna do it? No, they're not because they sit back on her hand
In addition, which like I said you go there any night you go there the next time and it's a whole different crowd
Because there may be a couple of thousand of us who are real fans and the rest of it well
We got corporate seats from this one or we scout them out on the street. It's it's like a changing who are these people
You'll never see a whole bunch of the same faces any two games in a row and ad joint
That's that's the business. That's why there's no passion
Because they priced most of you people out of it
Who the hell knows right mine is gonna shell out five six grand to go see that crap and then sit in the corners during those little baby seats
They are they are at least had out of two but preparation nature of a game for the people are got to sit on the
On the turns there in those baby seats
To treat their goddamn
hemorrhoids
In fact, I wouldn't be surprised if they start they start promoting with that no extra charge for the hemorrhoids
That's a bonus
You can pop a big one baby right there in the arena worried that is not a don't pop a bone
Hi my good-close personal friend Chuck Alfie Erie
But I station for the 90s happy Thursday to here. We have an open line in Brown if you do because we're used to it five six seven
Here's a mobile and sunrise. Hello
Neil yes, sir. I got a few things to feed back on the with the hockey game and the arena and everything else. Yes, I was listening for days and days and
First of all, I wanted to say before you made a comment that you never see the same faces
I we think how to present a hockey game and this is the 60 year of them doing it just because it's a different building the sound system
Were you there last night? Yes, I was did you hear the sound system before the game?
How the key is cutting out and then it comes on well, I mean at least they got the sound out to a
livable level now thanks to me that's acting for that and at least they got to score even though it started red wings nothing
Panthers nothing then it was conundrums in panthers before they changed that I mean
They just haven't got a clue how to present a hockey game real team on the ice and I find that very sad and this thing with those goal lights
Maybe people think I'm nitpicking there. How do you make it?
Exciting if nobody if you could have seen after Detroit scored the fourth fourth goal at greasy goal
There and everybody is looking around a clue in the Detroit family. Are we supposed to cheer now? I mean what do we do now?
No goal light comes on because Wayne can't afford a new lightfall by guess
Well, I don't know about a porting. I think it's there isn't a lot of non-fairing
But you know it makes you wonder are they gonna?
A lot of people to think no matter where whose pocket is coming out of tourists or whoever
The public has built this stadium for this owner and for this team
I'll bet you 83 million dollars. They've got a they have an obligation
To make that place fan friendly to make that like to put on a good product out there
That at least is competitive. We're not saying we got to win a goddamn stand like up
But at least competitive it might have a chance to play out and they're not doing any of those things
And I did notice something new in the arena last night. They put up the uh the team flag
Him or a speed in over the blue line. Well, I was gonna make out a blazing shot as we were being embarrassed by all the Detroit fans
Chanting over the panthe fans. Yeah, we were busy sitting up looking at the sky praying for something
You know we didn't have to do it so we got to see the brand new flag they put up and they even had the
The Minnesota wild is up there ready to my only thing I kept screaming. Hey Terry don't buy a house
That was the only thing I kept screaming all night long
Well, good luck to us pal
Well, I was able to get through and let you hear it. Okay. I'll see you all right
Hey, how's Todd and Mike wow blow the following good. Let's face
Most of us will never be rich. Hell we probably won't even be successful
And that's pretty damn depressing but as usual with every problem there is a solution
Hi, I'm Jim and I'm here to tell you a little something about handguns
They scared the shit out of people and intimidate them and then giving you whatever you want
That's right handguns
Think about it. Need some cash?
Rob a bank. Don't have enough money for fear all of the convenience store
Takes chips and pretzels wire and it's all free. You've got a handguns
Sunson of a bitch cheating on your girlfriend kill him
This simple solution of life's complex problems all I have to do is wait the five days for it and happiness is just around the corner
Now if you don't want to wait the five days who cares?
Buy the damn thing up the street just buy a lot of handguns
It's a great alternative to working problems out and get being considered a population control
Yes handguns they just might make your fans
Matador is returned from a two game trip
I'm here. There you go
The Matador swept the losing kings in the homes to a preseason meetings Jacksonville is all at a four on the season
So maybe we might even have a home team that wins tomorrow night the lizard kings and the Miami Matadors at the Miami Arena tomorrow night
Hey listen like the guy said before the price is right and they might even get an effort
We have an open line. Hello
Good afternoon, Neil. Yes, sir
Well, you failed you failed to mention the the only one that's Miami did have or Florida did have here to
At the new arena
You were mentioning all the goals we scored in the loss of that we have one win against Tampa Bayes of
We want we have the one win against Tampa Bayes. No, we get two wins
We have one win at home and then we won against an expansion. Okay. Thank you, sir
Please we got Florida Braggar rights there you go
I'm glad
Let me get my nose. Let me get my finger way up in there. Okay
There you go. There's a guy who finds it very amusing. Okay. It's just a game very funny
I guess very funny if you're not spending the money making any investment like so many of you people are like I said
I'm not paying for my tickets
Although if they won't buy me the tickets, um, you know, I would still pay I'd buy them
Because I'm a hockey nut. That's like a way of life to me. I would buy him is in and I would really be screaming
But I'm still screaming on behalf of these people because most of them, you know, the cascathard tongue
Last five games two tie a three ties and two losses very outstanding
By the way, it's effort to try none of the competitors so far but anything you're right home about
They haven't played the Dallas they haven't played the I mean not that there's any great. They haven't played the flyers
Oh, is that gonna be pretty huh?
Is that gonna be where do you have the schedule?
Where do we have it? I got it. I'm on a plate
One moment please that's gonna be a pretty tight to see huh
Whoo
That'll be a pretty thing to see when is that gonna come up the Philadelphia Flyers with John van Beesbrook
Oh, it's an away game. It's on Thursday, November 12
Right in the middle of my vacation dammit
But at home and I'll be back for this one baby
Sunday 6 p.m. November 22nd Philadelphia Flyers and the Bees uh Bees that will be here in town
Now unless something happens drastically between now and then with this organization
That could be a real ugly night, you know what I'm saying
You think there might be some people with some nifty motions out there that night
Bees are with that new mask that he's got nice mask by the way
Maybe that's what changed your luck around or maybe just getting out of here and getting away from the a of bm guy
Oh, it was all his fault. He was your bad guy. He was a stupid shimmy and
Here's the pember pine. So low. Oh
Yes, sir
Listen, I don't know if you caught it last night. I don't think you did because you were just left. Yeah, but uh they had you know there's
The best of the two other time you bet well they had
Just before at pfo introducing one of the segments there some some corny promotion
Jeff the forest. Yeah. Yeah, dfo they had it and you know the sitting
Ovation that you got you received when they put your foot up on the screen there right he got the exact opposite
I always boo him right off the ice they hate him like poison if they know he's an ass sucker
Yeah as much of an ass sucker is on football. Yeah, I think hating that much in the hockey arena
And one other thing he only comes across a little bit better though because he's got gildey sitting there in a morning on the show
So it lately it comes out. He's almost like critical, you know, but last year they remember those those spineless
Coaches shows and about the Christina Moore going in there and
Screen the calls and all that bull crap and vm like kind of censoring the show. They remember all of that
It was so horrible. I almost felt bad for the ass
They know who speaks out for the fans and they know who's just a organization but kisser listen one more request
Yes, as much as I appreciate you having them drop the levels on the music in between
I was wondering if maybe you could you could make an appointment with your foot and someone at the organization that yeah
Two I can get them to stop playing three four five songs after they drop the puck. Yeah, that would be nice
You're good point. I appreciate it. After we get the goalites straight now we'll work on that
Have a good day. I'll never mention see every time of course when you're gonna play a team and the other team is gonna score a lot of goals
You don't want to put the goal light on every goal because then you're starting to spend a lot of electricity
Never thought about that. You know caught what does it cost like maybe half a cent to turn that goal light on for like 10 15 seconds
That's all stays on
Two games in a row go light doesn't what not because the goal judge missed the goal. I don't I don't think
And of course we don't have like the little boots where the goal judge sits in like a real hockey arena
We didn't bother putting those in there either because a lot of oversights were made because the people who designed this place were interested
I guess in architecture and not anything having to do with the game which is gonna be played in there
Are they gonna be playing basketball in there? No, they're gonna be playing that other gonna eventually play indoor
Bullcapped arena football and who knows what else in there inside crap
But the main sport what that was built for was a hockey game. That's what that was built for that's what it's all a built
And you think the people that build it ever saw and allegedly they may they went on this tour
They saw the GM place in Vancouver. They saw the Molson Center in Philadelphia
They saw the core state. Whatever they're calling now fill it up. They saw Airby God Dan, New Arena
And they took the best features and the best guy they my ideas and did they put them all together? No
The least Aaron forget only had a single national anthem got the words right nice going here
That was beautiful. I had to go for a game. I'll never forget that as long as I live
Open line and brown or first though. There's a pretty passive
They're not really there's no passion about this. I mean, they're not really pissed off there and then wing knows this
And I'm sure that those people are in the organization are all listening and they say oh well let that kneel scream and how are he's always doing it
They people don't sound really upset
They don't give a crap they we can put out the we can put out 400 pounds of dog
I'm a guy still still keeps sucking up because it's a nice new building. It's convenient and uh, where there you go
So maybe I'm out of maybe I'm out of line here today. You think so. Uh-huh. I'm out of line
But the hell are we bitching about for Christ's sake? You go there
Kills a couple of hours you go home and you watch a good game on TV. That's all
The hell you want you jackass. Sorry
I'm not seriously. I might as well talk to myself and like get this out of my system
Like in off the elevator down there. You know, hey have a nice day. Okay. Thank you. I will just say to yourself
Yeah, like one of these. That's right. We're like one of these
I
Here's a pember prime. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir
Neil
A little change of topic
Um, I wanted to express my anger and frustration. Yes, at the inefficiencies of
Unsentental customer service department. Okay. Go right ahead rip them and ask me
I have been like this is like the third week that I'm trying to subscribe to the newspaper
Where would you turn? Yeah, and those assholes
They send me my the charge. It's right on my credit card
I haven't seen the newspaper in the last three weeks. Yeah, I mean, I understand this is not Cuba
You know, but they don't have customer service
But I mean for
I mean, you know, you can customer service in Cuba when you call them making complaints make them right to your house
Yeah, I mean, I mean, it's like totally incompetence, you know, uh-huh
Oh, wanted you, you know, I guess if you could let those guys know, you know
To make you feel just a little bit better about it though. You haven't gotten to Sun Sentinel last three weeks
Yeah, you haven't missed a thing
But I mean, I mean what better is the hell than no, no, no, but I'm saying no nothing worse
But I'm just saying at least I can make you feel a little bit better knowing you missed nothing. Okay, okay
I hope you start getting it soon, but let but at least feel very comforted knowing you didn't miss a goddamn thing
Okay, good luck pal. Thank you. Let him have it give him a hell give him a like I said two little tips to the paper today
Dino he's gonna make the trip. Dino is not gonna make the trip
We don't know because it's the local yokeal newspapers with a bunch of kids running around pretending to be sports writers
Pretending to be columnist pretending to be adults
This is kitty core town this place
The whole media here 90% of the goddamn media is a bunch of little kids little stringers little inept
Preview-Beson Jackass is running around pretending to be adults like very jackass over there at the herald
Make it up crap
But and like I said nobody demands any better if this is what the public accepts
They will continue raping this town and taking out their millions and millions of dollars in profit and laugh it all the way to the goddamn bank
Here's a lady in lauderdale lake. Hello. Hello. Yes, man. Hi here. This is Dora. Hi Dora
I sent you the two hats and I was so happy to see you wear it
Oh, thank you so much Dora that the chicken was really special
I mean the propeller's great, but the chicken. Oh, that was that was great
That's why I feel so good today
I've got all of my sins out of my sif and that chicken don't look too good anymore
But wow I feel great. Maybe you should pass it on yeah, well, I have to probably clean it up a little bit first
Oh, well, I have a bosey party coming up in somebody asked me where I want to go and I think to the arena
Uh-huh. So Saturday I'm gonna go to the devil
Yeah, I think for the devil or what? No, don't do that. Okay, the devil's Jesus. Well, I bet an exorcism if you do that
I have another chicken hat. Maybe I swear that would be you that would fit right in with the ambience. There is perfect for it
All right, well, it's kind of a chicken. Oh, there's that anyway
I just wanted to tell you I thank you for all that you give to the community and I appreciate listening to your show every day
Thanks again, Dora. Oh, you're welcome. Okay, see you. I was doing this. I mean that's the beautiful up here of camp
Here's my where's my dinner with the uh the propeller propeller head
Yeah, surely bassy each your heart out sweetheart. It's needle in the propeller head. There you go
We have an open lot same old crap very very ameli mouth
You guys prove when I say every day of my life in this time you prove exactly what I said they give you whatever you'll sit back and take
Anybody who spent harder and money to be in that arena last night
I don't care if you were eating off the floor if it was so palatial that they were like labeling uh
Chocolate moose in your earlobe I don't care what that was
That was unacceptable and you deserve a refund, but you won't even open up a mouth and make a peep about it
That's the saddest part
Even Mr. Peepers even wallets cut. Oh, that's right. What am I talking about? They don't wait about the guy damn shuttle
That's what I keep hearing in my ear
Open line if I so we're gonna go through a hole you're this crap are you gonna just sit back and put up a bit because I'm not
I won't even talk about it anymore if that's what'll make you happy
I'll never even bring it up again because I can go I can be home in three minutes
In fact the earlier I leave there's no traffic getting out of there none
I can be a publisher a minute and a half
Getting my dog food in the diet soda
Here's West Palm Beach hello. You know, yes sir. How you doing? Great listen
I um just got back from the doctors off that broke my hand last night
And you know like they set my appointment for 9 30 I think getting to see the doctor chill
I mentioned that nobody no response. Well, I already mentioned that he had two great goals the penguins first two goals
They'd be calorie five to two and Marty struck you could have seen the Stevie isemen go it was like like a free
Sram like where everybody on the panties went into suspended animation and they just kind of stood there
You've seen those things and he and isemen of course is a full speed just skating down the ice the right around robert's
Goes in there flips it up in that like Kirkman claims not even there and it was like
Huh, what just happened there?
Watching them they were watching the other team play
Yeah, I think I feel like that. I bet you the Miami Madador. It's probably be some wouldn't surprise me
Yeah, listen the old the average good week and
I want you know, I am one of yours
Beats that is nice to Julio and god bless you soon. Thank you. I'll stick you. Maybe this
Whatever that means okay. We have an open line of date one and broard five six seven oh five sixty
Palm five sixty on a mobile one line. I don't I'm out of line
I am on line today apologize for everything I said these people. I mean they're mildly a they don't care
This is not something that's important to them. They are mellow
They're very content to sit back. Hey Wayne you'll dish out whatever crap you want because these people like it lay
a little on baby
Little bit of chocolate marshmallow sauce whatever you got in the side just lay it on them. They love it
Some god damn nerve for me to come on here and get all bent out of shape
See him out there 20
Oh
The
It's down
everywhere
She found you on knees and she swallowed him down
The least that's rowing
The best dress was the snow
Well, it wasn't long before it fell over
And the little intern had a terrible fast
He was a bower
The best dress was the snow
The best dress was the snow
And why could you ask me?
What was that?
Well, she takes conversations on the phone
And talking about a fearless phone
And when he came he had it in his hands
She said really far I gotta take the stand
And I'll let the world folks curious men
But for what I hear
I understand she was a gold wall
Good girl, good girl, good girl
Good girl, good girl
Oh, oh, oh
Oh, oh, oh
Oh, oh
Oh, oh, oh
At 30 o'clock, 5 to 60
the
all that keeps coming along over and over again I don't what the hell that's all about
every time I see a picture of old John Glenn every time they show that shot of the
shuttle sitting there
that sound just keeps coming back to mind again
what do you think that is all look at that there's all the astronauts this is
beforehand of course
they all got their kind of orange their reddish orange outfits on
except for John has got kind of a
brown bottom
here's a mobile in Hollywood hello how are you Neil okay sir listen I
close up the radio station before the season started they had a three season
I talk about the Panthers you know it was just before the season opened
and I just talked first they had yeah I think it I think it's Steve Goldstein
and they announced it and I think for them yeah I brought up the fact that this
team did nothing in the West season to improve the only thing they could say was
John Ben Veebo you know what I was told I was told first of all the beginning of the
mistake was was they fired the first coach they blame the clean last year and they
bring in the firemully and why Murray wasn't successful because
gone then please look for a detention to the team right in the locker room of
course the contract problem they said this team was got a win because of
Terry Murray I wonder how come how come to love you with John Ben Vee's
work is got 12 points and leads the conference and point that I know that he's
playing such a great golfer them up there I hung up with high blood pressure on
it yeah yeah they sucks up so bad and it's telling me that Terry Murray is going to take
this team and you go see and I think or he goes to whatever they miss Gary he
he's they would make the play a really totally young y'all they said that this
team is going to make the playoffs he's hot you am I you know why so you know
he's just a little suck old they you've got to understand he's on a way in
the payroll don't you understand he has a credibility none he'll
him the ocean of the range is currently out when I was 15 that's all on my
hockey fair yeah back in New York team is going nowhere they don't have any scoring
and Rob me to my ear he's got he's just like one shot again what quit this guy
yeah come on he's not come on yeah come on good luck pal okay still insisted
he's going to be good along with his offense miss it got this his other defense
he's got to go from the point he's okay say I look up for his we have an open
line in power at five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty I mean what can
you say I mean Friday they're season in the NFL how can you play a game that has
so much importance and have the game hanging in a balance on what are two
bad calls and then throw out the replay that was the dumbest thing that they ever
did you think they'll bring it back they eventually yeah after enough games
gets decided on bad calls eventually the time of getting the time of big game was
the worst when right on anything cut that touchdown pass yeah and they lost
the fish you lost to that call it lost how about the jet's lines playoff
game or not to play off at the last game of the regular season last year when
the the lines got a gift touchdown and the replay clearly showed either it was
out of balance all right it's not proud you'll need to officiating sucks oh
yeah man how long I got to tell you this big enough officiating to show you the
engine there's all these people with these people is on okay it's like I said if
you really need to try and it's fine but to our left the couple of seats down on
the road I've never seen these people before because it's like changing of the
guard different people are begin there's one guy with a panther jersey on his
friend is God a red winger is he okay okay whatever so after we get the third
consecutive penalty called on the Panthers and great is verbally so I think this is
the one where Slava Kuzlo got a stick in the face in the first period I mean a stick
right in the post it's a third straight penalty and now after they score the
goal very quickly these two guys and I don't understand it because the one is
the post of the red wing fan okay and they're both going hey you're soft I thought to myself this is so
on being believable it's like it's like they got a few expressions and that's it
that that's the breadth of their knowledge and every single one of those calls was
you couldn't possibly not make them they were flagrant penalties that we deserve so
it must have been the referees fault that we stunted you and I didn't give up all
those rules last night and could you could have given up about 20 if you could
have been on plan if they weren't playing tonight
hey ref you so finally they redeemed themselves on the other side in a second I might
bless you whoever you people were over there on the other side across the arena
who we all out hey Brian Murray you suck I was saying I was giving down a sitting
innovation the organization is the rain in Spain yeah we know all we didn't
win last night we didn't have Peter Rell in line up he's the a spark plug the
spark plug is it the spark plug the banana eating spark plug that's what Brian said
and sent anything that small so if I kind of stick that in there it's like nothing
happened so I can like well you know just wave my hand through the real quick to a
kind of set the sensor off and it flushes but automatic automatic flushing
urinals I mean what a concept of course it might have cost away in another 50
bucks a pop freeze one of those urinals even though it's not his money do you
care about some lineup changes for a smart nice Panther game where did you get
this called in who did Josh he was Josh Friedman called in Josh Friedman called
in who pretends to know something about hockey which he does not yes where
I was in oh my Peter were well is in oh my god the spark plug is back in the
line up my favorite right Vasha yeah he's out he's out well hey oh that give away
last night whoo nice going Kavasha we're convention about Kavasha that's right
all the in lock in town we're starting to say a new thing it's called Kvetsha
about Kavasha these are the youngsters in your organization that were
supposed to be so should and even at space cadet kid I call them spastic that's
project whatever name is as course another goal last name got two goals and two
games but he's supposed to be at a fence man is he playing any defense oh the
disaster it is disaster luckily for him to fail a play the worst game in the
history of the national hockey league last night so not too many people probably
noticed him but boy were they bad that defense or what so Peter were well is in
there that's gonna really do it we got the the starch plug is back in a line up
he's gonna turn it around here's Nassau hello Nassau hey was not destroyed yeah
long get right yeah what's going on you know I don't know much about ice hockey
but down there we play feel off you know yeah you feel it yeah they believe they
pride you know guys are nice uh-huh you know but I think that all the professional
boxes it's like a 40s isn't that here as we go along you know what's that you think
what is it I think all the professional boxes yeah yeah get on ice right and
kick all off professional players out there yeah okay okay go kick some ass you're
on okay too much bad weed and too much of a phoning accident we have an
open line a day five there's us here's Delray Beach hello Nail yes sir I got a
solution to the goalie problem yeah we put both of this clouds out there once the
marries no no you don't mean you don't mean John Burton Kirk we're way we
strapped the marries up in the net sounds good to me hey Nail yeah why don't you
probably give it a more or less stick well you got to have something to come
somebody with huh and by the end let me say this in all seriousness this guy's
not a real fighter this this a bunch of pansy so-called fans who think that
that guy's a fighter they're in La La land he's not a fighter he's just a big
goon that's with the G big goon I think he's just in there cuz I know Lachy P
wants more shouts and I just in there because see that's a diversion from the
crappy play of the rest of the like at the end of that Hoover game I've gotten
to fight with the other big show Donald Bush here there and the two big black
guys are you know what did that prove I mean we just got humiliated in
embarrassed shot out five nothing we played a grotesque game that night Friday
and is is that gonna convince anybody of anything that we get we got some big
goon out there that's gonna start a bunch of meaningless fights and get some
stupid penalties what the hell does that prove nothing okay pal one more thing
Nail yes sir I try you talking about people having jerseys on I talked to
one with a Chris Wells jersey you saw somebody at the game with a
Craig well you know something at least he didn't hurt us last night something
to think about I do thanks for the good Chris Wells anybody seen him lately no he's
got another night or another week I mean I don't wish it he's a nice kid
everybody tells me he's a good guy never stole 14 freight trains but I mean
there's one of the worst trades in the history of all professional sports that
they they're on they just they attack me viciously oh near Rogers doesn't know
what he's talking about he's just stirring up a lot of trouble he's just
trying to get right one thing I know I may not know anything else okay in a
whole world I may know nothing but when it comes to hockey baby I know my
that's right what I saw last night was pure crap right and that trade that's
stew in the willy and all that that was total crap and giving away Marty
struck that that's right and now destroying Ray let me say it again in case you
missed the beginning of the show I know for a fact that Terry Murray doesn't
like Ray Whitney as a player and even though he put them out there on the second
line last night anyway in fact he had two shifts back to back which I thought it
was a bending over backward to give him a chance to fail basically he played good
last night he made some chances but nevertheless he don't like him so you can
already get prepared put away all your Ray Whitney souvenirs and all your
jerseys and memorabilia because even though he was the best player on a team last
year he's the Terry Murray will do everything in his power to make sure that he
fails so we can say told you so we got to get rid of him here's Miami Beach
hello yeah huh right open line of day five six seven okay see on the elevator
fell five six seven oh five sixty and pop five sixty at a mobile one line here's
the lady in plantation hello hi Neil yes man I wanted to let you know that we went
to our first game at the arena last oh my god I'm so sorry no you want to know
something yeah we had a good time really well first of all I know the place is
beautiful I mean it reminded me of an airport oh wait a minute they're testing
the space shuttle it's gonna go up and let's go now with the one second okay
well said all that yeah we I'll say the truth we went last night to watch the
Stanley Cup winners play you know we because they're great team yeah and we went
to watch and it was really we enjoyed it because we they were playing good hockey
and uh we'll go we know it's a good way we'll go when you say they were playing
good hockey yeah they played a good game based on the fact that he scored a lot of
goals but when there's no opposition yeah standing around or watching them how
can that been enjoyable experience well I guess I mean are you a Detroit are you
from Detroit yeah I'm from Pittsburgh yeah I'm not I'm not from Detroit but we we
went the reason we went to the game was because Detroit was playing I see okay but
um that my case my point is that you know we're gonna go to the games because we
want to see certain teams play not because the answers because the answers are
worth going to yeah I would agree with that and um I bet but isn't that a said
commentary I mean that's I think people go to games to see the team that's
coming in and if it is another practice team oh we don't want to go see them you
know what you want to go see the San Luis Rams there's 10,000 empty seats at
it all and they could have to see that they could play no like when the wing when the
wing the red wings were a scoring last night I know I want I want to see a good game I
want to see a good competitive game and of course I would prefer that my team you know
won again but I'd like to at least see a good game did I see a good game on Wednesday
against the Kings no do I see a good game against Vancouver Friday no I see a good
game last night by the Panther that competitive game no not at all I saw crap I saw
two and a half hours of pure that's right I'm glad you had a good time we did okay see you
all right people were you know with the Red Wing jerseys on some of whom are real
Red Wing fans and some were just for our winning 40s they had a good time but those of
us who are Panther fans most of the time except underfoot in the Leafs by the way oh would
that be something huh I'm I'm already looking my chops waiting for those games later on
here's Evan sure hello hello Neil yes sir yeah it's funny that you had mentioned I think about the
infrared that infrared devices in the bathroom we we were talking about that last night how you know
I mean I had the only one that's lived in the 20th century and they had a last night I mean
it's a brand new arena they just spent 200 million dollars of our taxpayer money to build that
exactly no no we were talking about that last night because like you say when you see a new building
these days with the old style anyhow not to be the dead Panther here but yeah that's the first
five minutes of the game Kirk Muller had two chances that most guys would give their left knuck for okay
right in all alone within within eight feet of the net and he shot both of them five feet wide okay
I mean I'm not gonna it's certainly not a lack of effort because he does make an effort out there
but this guy don't have it anymore he didn't have it last year he's not getting any
angry sure as hell don't have it this year and they would they would give anything to be able to
trade him and nobody wants him and especially at the price they're paying him for three years
uh with with the way that I mean I hope that blowing spray was mind here but the way that's
spastic and some of these other guys are playing defense why not playing Norton and partner maybe
trying showcase model maybe somebody else I think you guys got the way how can you showcase guys
when you're getting your brains beat out how can you showcase somebody well I mean last night yeah
they might you know but of course they show you though that the head games that this man is playing
you saw the evidence of how well that's working last night the whole team quit playing and Robert
Sphala was in a coma now one now one time do I remember the Troy guy getting knocked on his back no
there there was one hit there was one hit in the third period I forget who the hell
I stood around like spectators and watched the troid basically do whatever the hell he
I don't know if he tried to save Burke or show him up and I pull him out and put Kirkman
claim to fire up the team like my keen and yeah right really worked didn't it have a great day
yourself you too yeah that Terry boy he's the great shrink he's the head man he's playing with our
brains I think he's playing with himself we have two open line open line three minutes till one
on QA we've got the Jimmy Johnson show on with Hank at five and we got Kimber Bull if you're not
Q-A-M but Neil Roger show on her day welcome back now you hear 104 or 560 W-Q-A one of the
worst columns in history of journalism by the way they use that word loosely Panthers get two
thumbs down by Mike Burrardino in a Sunsendless morning so typical and of course keep in mind that
the guys are right the column don't write the headline so the headlines you only think worth looking
at and of course that's a right on target but the column says absolutely positively nothing except
there was some guy impersonating Steven Spielberg in a crowd last night signing for new autographs
and basically that's about it nice column Mike not I mean if we just had people in this town a
newspaper columnist who could write who could say something who could write something who knew
number one what he was writing about and number two could our articulate something that we would say
yeah now you're talking baby do we have that here no got a bunch of overgrown children
here's plantation hello Neil yes sir how you doing great listen I called you back in the beginning
of the month I'm not doing that anymore no because we're not giving them away in our way and
that's what life is great here that we give nothing away on the show smart move I want to thank
for a few so the guy called and they'll told me I better cut the crap um just graduating
our college that uh you truly have been an inspiration I had no direction I had no idea what I
wanted to do but um listening to you I mean I I kind of have a feeling that the radio is the place
where I want to be I'm the inspiration man yes I am I'm out of doubt without a doubt I was born
pissed off and five years I want to be in this business though I mean if you want to be on
every one of them that's what everybody says I asked for I beg you to go in and do it
cleaning with you don't do it yeah it's the best advice I can give you this is the worst I'm not
the worst but it's one of the worst businesses in the history of mankind because the people who
run it are clueless they have no idea what it's all about well anyway tomorrow's my birthday
I'm doing tomorrow tomorrow's I've had this ring sitting in my drawer for a month
great thank you buddy um I just want to let you know send out resumes we want them to
Q I am right oh you do have a sense of humor okay good luck to pal okay I'll be sure
interrupt the resume because I want you to get in here all right good luck okay I also have
a douche bag go ahead all right Richie Montobamo you get any want bastard I hope you can
interact with the area of the ZZ douche bag oh he beats you to it have a great day buddy he wants
to get in radio is this man joking or what we sure can only hope so he's gonna make too miss he
wants to come work at Q a m always this guy got a sense of humor huh hey listen we'll run in
the elevator I just want to speak to you we have an open line and from there nasty they're arrogant
they got an attitude their little pieces of turd is what they are out here little turd burgers with
an attitude oh let's go to a bokeh hello Neil yes sir how you doing great I thought that
Steven Spubert guy on the screen last night that was pretty interesting my wife thought it was
him I said no way would he come to a panther yeah you know what I mean he's not that crazy no way
unbelievable he team might have been there but I done it he was somewhere I move on the ice
yeah I think he was planned for us in the night you learned how to fry but um I'm figuring
with this space shot I think it's as thing goes up pretty well you send most of the people down
here up there yeah we can't get out here because that most of the tamarack up there right or
there's a little grenade in the back no uh-huh yeah they got they'll drop a little bomb in the back
that's right I've been doing like a couple hundred hockey games yes sir last night was the first time
I left for their periods uh-huh me too after the second period I said okay see you and I do we
just stood it out of there yeah of course quarters to school I pulled my jersey over my head
and stood up and pulled my hands up yeah I think this could be the year for the bag
consent I would imagine by the middle of December at the latest you're going to be doing the bag
over the head routine and I'll say one thing if there wasn't you I'd shoot six six six at my next
meal would I cover up we have two open lives and Broward I'm a commandist community you're taking
it well they're very mild and out screaming and not overly excited this is what you expect here
what's the point of getting your boy let me get hysterical okay that's what I get paid for
you just all stay calm cool kind of indifferent he sat next to a couple of hot looking chicks
I saw some interesting people I'll say this much by the way for the new arena lots better
looking people in this one than the Miami arena all right just get out there in a food court
do a little people watch it a little bit of cruising out there at the food court there you go
would I want to watch some stupid game anyway they're knocking a little rubber disc around with a stick
nine minutes after one that's what George says I'm not at all
just afar as Steve Coles the first team right where you got it sports radio 560 QAM
this is the Neil Roger shell this is your brain
any questions are they from that line Bobby?
no she doesn't have it I'm just gonna throw it all don't you you don't have a piece
it's an underdeveloped penis that's what I was told when I was a small child
Bobby it's an effect that it's really a real big problem
small child you said that you were a homastivator I was told a lot of things were
the small child so were you right? as a woman yes and it is totally
my heart right now I'm a very afflicted person I've
always been to Gen ZC shoot tightroll I wonder what it was on clothes I look like it's tight
yeah I wonder what the way I wear my hair and stay voice I think I'm a guy I wonder what
people are thinking about me I wonder what the hell did I let this person to me how could I be so
so sick yeah that's what I think every morning when I come in here 1 14 at 5 60 WQ
I can here's Miami hello Neil yes sir I'm not a hockey player but why why all these
frames go to this game why do they spend all their money that's it and then I have no idea
of an accident for three hours and 15 minutes today and I have an answer so I have all these
people that are putting on a horrendous performance they don't seem to care they have it only have no
nothing else to do let's hear it for this god thank god for people like you sir that I want to
think I and I I wish everybody could do the same thing yeah why not go into the panther yeah and
the model they both sons uh huh they don't come here okay for pleasure and the god bless you
up and the boat you came in on I mean we have it open on us let it get ready up there in Daytona
the Cape Canaveral all right any minute now they're going to send that old fart up in this
place why sure hope they can't smell them on Uranus can you imagine they send him out there he's
going to be cutting the bad ones loving others old people I start to lose control of their bodily
functions you know when you get to be 177 like old John Glenn and of course they brought Walter
Krunkite back out again anybody are happy about that no one thing I'll tell you about Walter he is old
Walter Krunk he's got wrinkles on his wrinkles like Miss Lily and remember that he used to have
wrinkles in places where was illegal in Jojo and here's Walter Krunkite is back out there and he's
I mean what does that mean why is Walter Krunkite and you notice CNN supposedly pulled out this big
cube because CBS didn't sign up to cover the sick CNN got him on me huh well they could afford
to get him because they don't pay anybody else anything everybody works no people they're make
nothing on that network buggoos and then that's why they had the big money remember they're
going to try to hire Tom Burkaw away from NBC because they like guys with speech impediments
here's hi Alia hello hello yes sir how you doing here okay you know it's good to hear someone who
who actually talked talking instead of instead of just mentioning a corn then getting on the
gate or talk yeah and uh well how can you talk about it on the morning show how can they talk about
it I don't know I mean I just I guess think of it and I just uh turn it off yeah I want to ask
you know where do you see the panthers going I mean what's wrong with where do I see them going yeah
in the toilet I don't see them going there they're already there they they can't get any worse
they cannot get any worse unless they totally unless they make a lot of deals and totally
reshape this thing this season is lost I know it's only seven games in but I'm here to tell you
right now this is a disaster team you think Brian Murray can pull it off yeah he's gonna he's
pointing it right now good luck pal let me do it can Brian Murray pull it off can beat that
gator meet we have an open line a day five sayers come on now every time that morning show then
phone starts low and all right and you notice this morning because it was Thursday it was what's
your beat so art well you guys out there listen to the morning show don't call this number on Thursday
because number one we don't answer it number two we don't have any prizes for you this is not
the number for what's your goddamn beef but air me Thursday morning all of a sudden then their lines
left because they're given a bunch of crap away and I learned a hard way given about your crap
away is one hell of a sorry ass way and excuse to do a goddamn talk show even if it is in this town
just remember that George because anybody gives stuff away on this show
here's a mobile in adventure hello mobile in adventure hi Neil with speed yes
the two bonds for more points less night than the panthers yes three you know that I'm not
gonna talk about points yeah and so the young Murray on here yeah Brian Murray and the rest
when he just saw some business yes sir that's how you right there what kind of person we're dealing
with but yeah but you know something both brothers are the same only Terry Murray I'm fighting out
now is a hard ass he's a bigger hard ass than Brian the telly says he's not a player coach yeah
and we've noticed that because last night I guess it was no contact between the bench and the players
they didn't but they didn't play for him a lick last night and I'm telling you that they will not
play for him as long as he keeps trying to play these head games and blame guys who aren't responsible
for the crap team that is brother put out there on the earth I mean how can you blame guys when
they got nobody you want Victor Kuzlaw about there and Victor's got all these moves and he's
the can like and he's doing it and and he has nobody to pass because he's got nobody out there playing
with the guy can't go out there and do it by himself there has to be a supporting chance you have
to have other guys out there who have skills and unfortunately because we got a bald headed chief
bastard on the team we don't have those people we made no moves none right the six years ago
or five years ago and the first season I would go to the games and I'd say well look at this team
I think we're gonna get blown out we never got blown away this period all right here you go
like I said for two okay thank you sir and congratulations there's a guy that he said one
period he held his fingers over his nose like oh the stench accountant or his all of it is
you and I'm getting out anybody that knocked anyone who left early last night needs mental help
okay and like I said those of you who if you stayed to the bitter end must be because your car
battery died or something like that are you waiting for a pizza delivery from outside the building
because that was just on consumable so think that people are gonna pay that kind of money
to see this garbage and and it ties right in with what I'm telling you with this piazza
business and aliter business the sports mogul golly idiots all these dumb and little
just who think that there's an unending supply of cash that they've earned I was just
not hang one day last week driving home and he's absolutely right people are trying to say a
baseball made a big comeback this year bullcraft there were three stories in baseball all really
two stories the Yankees big year and and please don't tell me Cal Rip you nobody cared about that
and the home one thing with sauce and McGuire that was it that was the only thing that boosted
up for a while there because then when the world series came along the lowest ratings in history
the lowest TV ratings ever so please die and here we got the NBA they're not even playing
there not even close to any kind of agreement because of greed because these illiterate jackasses
can't get enough I mean you look at these guys immediately you say to yourself dumb jack that's
right but I've been in 20 million a year yeah right see in the slammers we'd art here's Kendall
hello you know uh unfortunately I made a mistake you go into that game last night oh my god and uh
you know I want to apologize to you so I'd be half of the whole organization I mean that was
one of the games I picked I guess in my I guess I should just try to pick the uh ratty teams but you
you're gonna pick your nose and add more fun than picking that game which you're thinking you say
I haven't Toronto beat me Detroit a couple times okay they played him twice they beat him twice
two one and five three yes sir and unfortunately I was stuck in a herd of red wing fans or whatever
you want to call them because you know half of them are not even legit I mean that everyone's got
two beers three beers four beers and I would say about a half maybe of the red wing jersey's last
night were real Detroit fans who've been fans for a long time or maybe from Michigan whatever and the
rest of them were just the usual front-running phonies wearing the jersey of whichever is the
hottest team the last year we told that you got your Yankee jersey in your brother at home absolutely
but I'll tell you what that was really my second trip to arena it was all the criticism the last
few weeks I kind of took a better analization of it yes sir the seats kind of aren't small I
didn't really notice for the first time but wait wait wait wait it depends on what seats you sit in
okay it's on the look of the draw okay we're on all the same size like Venus is they're not all
the same size okay well that'd be insane even when you I tried to go get something to eat yeah
you got to wait on line for the whole period because they only got four food courts for the whole
lower pool there they got 80 million people in there and I and I thought when he first gave me my
guided tours I thought oh this is gonna be great what we're gonna have all of this at all and the
meantime there's only four food courts for the whole goddamn lower part of the building which is
where 90% of the people are and you can't even get your nuts you know those little plays nuts
what happened to those never thought about that I haven't seen how the fuck can you go to a game
without your nuts I think in fact you know something I must have been what was wrong with the panthers
last night they all showed up without their nuts oh they showed up with no balls
hey no no you know how I'm gonna ask yourself and I know you're a hot dog maybe
how come nobody at least took an effort to put a body on somebody at any point in the game
they were I mean not even let me say it against their read my lips because they will not
play for this coach okay but there is no effort I mean I'm not not forget about playing a team
that was a lot better than Blue was at everybody has that happened but I'm talking about a total
lack of effort including that one mesmerizing period in the second period it seemed to last for five
when they just just wandered around watching the red wing that full strength mind you're watching
them pass it around I mean I thought Kirk McPain was gonna like run for the exit say give me
another one right because you know if you're sitting there and getting shot like a rapist while you're
saying Kirk McPain is a goalie who you know he's got his good days not too many of it but he
he he's got a decent defense and he's got a supporting cast maybe he might get the job done
on a certain day but when he's gotten nobody he's not the kind of guy who can compensate for no
defense I agree with you and you know like you said there's this Kerry Murray I mean
that's a he's the reason for the rules yeah exactly but you know if they're not gonna do anything
now I mean even like this gold C80 the morning he's well if you know it's just a really was it
I'm not saying it would change the game but it might have nothing would have changed
well absolutely no he's got to put a fight on him I'm not you know you got at least I'm not
talking the physical fighting part but you got to let them know they're coming your end you're
gonna pay the price especially how about that one guy said why open in front of the net nobody's
around yeah before I go can you play uh to a clear uh quote we owe the Jennifer ram I just
heard those two and man okay it's Jennifer okay oh no crossing that okay go check at the space
that is either he's there right now how are you Jennifer they're doing it okay let's look at
there's a president they crank this up put it up a second what's he saying as you say that the
John Brenda space could that that what he said and it is just one more example of why it's so
important for citizens to stand up and be counted on elections I thought it was pretty uh pretty
hard one for public to come down you hear the first thing you say said boy you guys sure got some
good ass down here for it you know that that's true and go on both no that's what he said what do
you think he's got to be smiling his push for in fact I wouldn't be surprised not how they're
only showing him from like here up I wouldn't be surprised if he's getting service right now that's
the secret service what hey here these guy in America wants to get some good head okay even some
that's not so good what's the big deal with that bunch of sanctum on the Pacific Ritz like I said
we're gonna he's got a smile on his face works work from here to here okay it's over
don't call the driver please we don't want no more evidence oh I think we're getting ready to
send a little John Glenn up there oh geez every time they try to fire that damn thing off it just
groups right back down I got some vogue refer that goddamn space shuttle huh
world parts in space kind of like uh mel Brooks movie huh old Jews in space whatever how I was
26 minutes after one that is he Jewish no thanks so not this week in fact if you look up
definitive goy in the dictionary right next to Rick Wiley's picture you'll see John Glenn
you know
it's magical moment in American history if your government's about to waste billions of dollars
to send a scene out old fart up in his face and of course if this works out just wait and
sunrise camera act that's right lots of other parts of town how about the lot of hill
some of them in outer space and of course in big county most of them are from out of this world
anyway here's a deer field hello yes sir I could comment the shameless request yes of all
both the Murray's Brian lost with better teams in Washington and certainly in Detroit and
Perry lost with better teams in Washington also in Philadelphia so we shouldn't come in
a shock to anybody yeah that didn't go on I mean whatever they've gone with Philadelphia they
were certainly favor the way the cup that year that they lost yeah and Detroit Brian Murray's
they think shameless request for isn't it the chronic by whoever I'm as mortis that whatever
okay thanks buddy is that in here by the way yes did we get that in here oh thank god
here's a preview okay we'll get that's a preview just come down yeah we got love at
cross heights in there it's today for all the old fart oh there you go we have an open
line in brown at five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line this has
been great today this is an exercise in American uh whatever it is we don't give a crap we're not
really don't add fired up about it but at least though we got some people off their ass today
and they're not just gonna take it standing up so they're gonna sit down and they're
eating dummy up here's a lady in candle hello hi me oh yes man it's a proud day to be in the
American is it really yeah would you ever go up to West Bay so get an opportunity would I do one
would you ever go up what I go into space no not really would you well for what well you could
be the first gang in space uh huh and you you could be the first asshole in space there you go
he's in the hands all right I could be the first gang in space thank you for your comment
after waiting what 18 20 minutes that was a rich full life she's got set her ass up at his face okay
or just put your fist in the work go I think she's got a lot of practice you might enjoy it
here's Miami Lakes so what a stupid bitch oh and you know who that was that was the good Christian
lady just don't on me that was that good Christian lady yeah there you go all the Christian I'm
gonna be off the air by the end of the year she should only list so long yes okay we have an open
line in date five six seven oh five sixty and five five sixty on the AT&T wireless line here's a mobile
in poppano hello wow what was that two-a-a-things back to back you know what the world's most
extensive battery is now meal and what is that so the one for the our philosophy bag for the
head nurse make Mike my piata and L lighter 123 million dollars when that voice stands on a
mound is that pathetic or what is it a most sickly thing I mean if sports wasn't going down a tube
before that it is down now this is the final nail of the coffin and these owners are so stupid
they don't even realize it on the one hand their belly and their screaming they're carrying on
and the meantime they just they're just unleash any amount of money to try to buy a phony championship
and then what the hell does it mean if they don't want it then you do if they don't put it
happened in basketball and baseball like you've got in football they can take teams like this first
Cincinnati Baltimore they can just throw them out and just make a four-lake team New York LA
whatever another thing real quick if you happen to hear Hank freaking out on that
Johnson Hessen commercial yet to that no you didn't hear him he was flumbolistic he was going to
walk off the show up and play it on his airtime anymore he was I mean it was unbelievable
listen I you know I don't know about Hank's deal but I have no no control over what recorded
commercials they play on his show I'm not happy about it we got for some strange reason when
I was on the other station all the liberal candidates had their spots on my show because it
fitted with my audience and with the show but on this station because they don't really care
they don't understand it I got every I got Lincoln D as Valar I got Charles the Heston shooter
office and every right wing wacko that ever came down to fight running spots on this show
hey I got one thing to say yeah big John big Ron you're playing in douche bag
okay see if I'll open line and Broward two and eight five six seven oh five sixty and
five five sixty on the AT&T wireless line that was the good Christian lady who likes the old
first uh and the rest
a young man turns twenty eight is Gordon sweet as bag I'll tell the next day
it's too many seats in your dime bag getting due to party too many too late isn't it the chronic
don't you think it's not great when you're falling break the free bag
back when you'll see who is hey when you're already
been counting out
okay let's not die
I love th
you are useless
cause
drowning
let's you already ate
I know the honest
dine
oh
a lot that you
bury
it's like
tangy
When all you need is a light, it's like having a feel of your dreams
And then finding out you've lost and the light
And there's only psychronics, don't you think?
A little too much chronic, yeah I really think
When you're glad to fall in the way, to free back
When you're already there, to be sure that you have to give it a day
And who I'll stop young again
Oh my God, Walter Cronkart has got so bad that his head has sunk down to where his leg go
He used to be, that's frightening
16-2-5-60 WQM, so any minute now, any second
What are you going to do?
Who's that? Which one?
Mr. Zimmer
Oh Mr. Zimmer, DZMIS in North Miami, yes
So apparently the calls have led off
Oh yes, that wall hasn't he had a visit yet?
Apparently not
Well he will today
Oh that's DZMIS who keeps the calling and making death threats to us and all over the building
Now what did I do with this phone number?
305-948-3914, so maybe you can call him and make a death threat to you
Or you can make one to him whatever you like, because obviously you think the telephone is a play toy
For scene now old parts, who will have no life
305-948-3914, DZMIS and by the way, tomorrow after calls don't stop, we will give the address on the year 2
Is a matter of fact
Two open lines in date, 5-6-705-60 and 5-5-60 on the AT&T wireless line
Here's Coral Gables, hello
Neil
Yes sir
Are you doing? Okay
You know I've been a big sports fan for years
And I love to all sports, you've asked for a ball-based ball boxing
Yeah, I've become so disgusted with sports
Yeah, it's just not like it used to be
You know, if you're in a joint thing
If you took away the money today, there's nothing left
You know what I mean? That's all it is
That nobody cares about anything anymore
You go out to that stupid hockey game last night
There's nobody even making an effort
Guys are getting paid a million, two million dollars a year
They're just going through the motions and just give me a check, you know
They're disgusted
Anyway, I told you all I'd call the same
I'm here, thank you
Bye
See you at the space show
Let's go on the scene, we're gonna say the longs, that's what we want
It's long time almost
So I can't read, I mean, they're in a commercial break anyway
But I'm gonna watch that thing out of the corner of my eye
Because everybody in America is hanging on the edge
That's why we got no calls in date right now
They all landed their TV set
They got to see this old fart go up in space
Or if maybe it don't work out
I keep, you know, I hate to say this
Because it's getting very close to that time
Let's just keep scrolling through my mind over and over again
What a discovery, huh?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 9
The misfits and data are starting up again today
There they go
They can't control themselves
Here's Fort Lauderdale, hello
It's two things to say
Yes sir
And I've said it before, is this not a sports town?
Yeah
They don't get it
Nail
Yes?
Can I call somebody to do something?
No, not after that kind of material
But you are right sir, it is not a sports town
Because if it were, I mean, we had a lot of calls today
But basically they're very fast in there
It's almost like they don't give a crap
And like I said before, and I'll say it again
4, 5,000 times by the end of this month, no doubt
That's why Wayne can get away with it
Because the people are so apathetic and so indifferent
In a real sports town, team wins the world championship
And the owner comes in and the very next day says
Oh, you know, you got to build a stadium
Or we're not going to be able to afford to play
And then you dismantle the whole goddamn team
And a lot of people forget by the way
That Kevin Brown and a couple other of the best players
Offer last year championship team
Had a meeting, had a private meeting that they asked for with Wayne
And they said we would like to stay here
We know we've got a great thing that we build here
We'd like to work out, we'll even like maybe for a go
Some of our salary or take a deferred payment
We'll do anything and we'll work out a deal with it
Is there any way we can do that? And Wayne said no
Wayne basically stuck his foot right up each and every one of your rectum
That's right
And he still didn't care
They're still calling about hey, what's the morning line
And a volleyball game with a rhymed, equitent, bright and high
That's what they're calling about
Those are in sports fans, they're compulsive gamblers
They're still talking hey, superbowl, superbowl
Yeah, and you hear the comments that are made of quality
Do you know what a pancake block is by the way?
No, I've been watching football for 40 some years
And even though I don't talk about it
Because quite frankly it's gotten very boring in the caliber
It's embarrassing
But I have, guys call this morning about how come the dolphins
Never throw a pancake block?
Is that like a block party? Is that what that is?
A pancake block
42 years at least, I've been watching for 44 years
I'm a watch the National Football League
I've never heard a broadcaster, anybody calling a pancake block
And I'm thinking, gee, I must be out of the loop
I must be missing something over here
How come Godly don't ever throw a pancake block?
Well, gee, go over here, go to the old house of pancakes there
And see maybe they got one pal
Slap on right on, jam on it like she says
Here's a mobile in Cooper City, hello
Hi Neil, how are you?
Okay, sir
I got to the pancake block
I didn't know until this year
And my little boy plays
There's six and a half plays, tackle football pancake block
Is when you get your opponent, when you're blocking
You get them on the ground and you lay on them
Yeah
That's what a pancake block is
Well, wait a minute, you get your opponent on the ground and you lay on
You know what that sounds like?
That's a cake club you wore on
Yeah, probably a fun only six and a half
Okay
And Neil, I'm surprised because you've been talking about the panther
You're going nowhere this year all summer
Yeah
So what you're surprised about, but
But we're not
We knew this happened
Yeah, you knew it
You knew it was going to be this bad?
Well, you predicted it
And as far as the Marlins with their 20,000 picket sold
Well, next year, do you really think all those season picket holders are going to pay?
Well, I had 12,000 season picket holders
But they averaged about 20,000 people again
So that means that because most of the 12,000 season are corporate
You know, that kind of stuff
But that means that 8,000 other tickets on the average were sold for every game
In spite of the fact that Wayne basically has stuck his foot up everybody's butt
Well, I didn't buy the meal
I'm, you know, revolving the pathway I can't send in my money
They can take all these ports
They can put them on their, on their, uh, rectum
Right
And get out of here
And if you can adjust me, I just pass exactly to the airport
And there's a space shuttle landing right now
And there's a busload coming in from camera act in the market
They're going to make you hurly bird at the cafe Uranus
Oh, okay, pal
Go John Glatt
Get the philosophy bag concession
Okay, I can't read that thing
We did that on purpose, is it like stuck on 9 minutes and something or I can't read the numbers
No, that's called a commercial
That's called a commercial on CNN there, George is what that's called
Make sure you want the same amount of thing
Now we're on the same wavelength, it's all a bunch of crap
That's the wavelength, baby
Billions at dollars so we can send them all apart up there
Because that's the least we can do for him
If you're out there and you can't make ends meet, you can't pay your bills, you can't keep your electric cost
You can't keep your God damn heat-blowing during the winter time
Whatever your problem is, we can't be worried about you
All the people are going to starve for death up north and freeze down homeless people
We can't worry about them
We don't have enough money for a disease research for all these diseases
Kill them people all over the place
Cancer and AIDS and whatever else it is
tuberculosis that's coming back, we don't have enough money for that
But we got endless supplies of money for all the crap that you can find for us
And once upon a time, you know, this space program, you know, it's kind of like you have to wait
The good against the bad, is it worth it or not
And once upon a time there were a lot of new developments, technology, et cetera
But I think at this stage of our lives, with all the problems in the world today
With the world economies still I hate to break the news to you
Going to hell in a hand-basket in Asia and in South America, a lot of other places
The idea that this is supposed to be some kind of a goddamn celebration that we're supposed to be all assurred
And about tells you a lot I've been telling you for months now
The media is sick and they cut bad news
That's right, let's dig up Old Water
Cronkite, let's get all the old folks like this guy says
Let's have an early bird dinner here
Because we're sending a 70-70-year-old egotistical right-wing goddamn Republican posing as a Democrat from Ohio
John Glenn up there in outer space
He's a Democrat like I'm a born-again Christian, that's a kind of Democrat
He is, he's nothing but another goddamn phony baloney chapter in phony American history
He's much to do about nothing
He's one of many guys who got on a goddamn spaceship and was lucky enough to come back alive
How's that school teach you doing by the way by see her lately?
No
Eight minutes, still, the whole cabin
Oh boy, I think they're gonna be in for a long time
I got a facts here that is gonna make you psychotic
Here is a guy who's obviously like a real living and reading business guy
Because he sends me a facts on his business so let her head, Michael in poor Lauderdale
He says, if I got something for you, this is about the national car rental arena, the Macarena
I'm a seasoned ticket order for the Panthers and have been since the inaugural season
Never have I been so insulted, not only is the food horrible to sound stings poor service but now
There is a major parking problem
Oi!
With the opening of the new arena, I decided to purchase a parking pass
Just like the new state of the outer arena being a ripoff, but now why did I buy a parking pass?
And by the way, it wasn't cheap
$500 plus
I went to the game last night and there was no place to park
No tendency to struck me to park on the side of the road
I just like at least 20 other cars did just that
That wasn't so bad, the loss of the game was bad, I left the game early with three minutes to go
I walked over to where I parked my car
It was Oi!
Gone!
Tode!
I'm telling you it was Oi!
Gone!
It was f***ing gone
I'm telling you
I'm telling you, I asked the attendants what happened to my car
They told me a lot of cars, all cars that were on the street
They told me to park my car
What is it?
They told me to park my car there, my car was moved to a lot of cars to the street
When I got to my car, it was a parking ticket, a $25 fine
How dare they issue a ticket?
I'm a seasoned ticket, order I have a parking pass
And I get a ticket?
Why would I park on a street for free and pay for a pass and not use it?
The attendants told me there were spaces on the other side of the lot
And they told me to go over there
Oh, and this guy goes on and on and on
Never received a ticket, Miami, etc. and so on
This sucks, says Michael in Fort Lauderdale
A business guy who has pissed off and fired up
And thank God he got his facts to me before the end of the day today
So not just the quality of the product that sucks
It sucks would be a compliment, sucks would be a compliment
When you go out there, I want to say this because I don't know if they've left town yet
I don't know who knows whether they left or not
But I'm going to tell you something new guys
There were a couple of guys Victor and Whitney, a couple of guys that at least made an effort for us last night
But the rest of you guys go into the motions like that
Whether it's the Spite Terry Murray because he's an asshole
Or whatever the reason might be
People are paying their good, harder, and money to go see a sporting event
Not to see a bunch of a bunch of floaters out there floating around
I realize we don't have the talent that we need to really compete
We got a bunch of old hacks that were desperate to get rid of like Kirk Muller and Terry Carcner and Jeff Norton and a bunch of other guys
But at least make an effort, okay?
At least try to put on a performance when 19,130 people are out there
Paying their goddamn hard earned money, getting their cars thrown away
Panned through the nose for a horse ball over price concessions
Some people sitting in seats that are like baby seats for a goddamn minpin
Yeah, I could take my little vlog of it and they got seats perfect for his little last 10 pounds if you're right in there I could grow
So do we have a good time?
All right, okay Hank Goldberg is coming up next we got the Jimmy Johnson Show 5 on Hank Show
We got the let's see Kim a bull camp or a six
Any cap on tonight's 10 o'clock
