The WQIS.
Diet drug helps obese study finds.
You know my doctor gave me a prescription for Maria.
Give her a Maria.
Give me a prescription for it, which I didn't feel
because he also gave me the literature, which I took
on red and said anybody.
Here's like 700 different categories of people who
should not take this diet drug.
And one of them was anybody who's ever
had a stroke or a TIA, which is like a mini stroke.
And I thought, well, maybe not, because it does make
your blood pressure go up a little bit, a little bit.
Two points.
But at any rate, it says here in this story today,
more than 90% of seriously obese patients lost at least
5% of their body weight while taking the diet drug,
Maria in the first six months of an ongoing European
study, and 54% lost at least 10% of their body weight.
Well, 10% of your body weight, if you weigh like 200 pounds,
that's 20 pounds in six months.
I mean, that's not bad.
But is that great?
Is that worth like jeopardizing your health
and your heart like all those people that were taking a
fend fan, which was the big thing there for all, man,
everybody there brother was on at fend fan.
There were like veterinarians were peddling a fend
fan to people, anybody who was like any kind of a doctor
was peddling fend fan right in prescription.
And then all of a sudden, oh, guess what?
People are dying like flies and their heart valves are
going and all kinds of other stuff.
And people are like winging out from fend fan.
So, you know, if this were something to like in about two
weeks, you could lose about 40 pounds.
That sounds real good to me, but I wouldn't have out
pale pass.
OK.
In fact, anybody else want this prescription from Eddie?
I'll sell it to you.
Hey, listen, you got to raise some money somehow.
The Dow down 87 points already in so I 10 15, which means it's
come down about 220 points.
And so it was up 135, about the nine and 25 minutes.
Absolutely unbelievable.
And you people are worried about it out there to people with no
money at all.
There's a good lesson for all you young people out there.
This stock market man is the biggest scam.
And all these people that they got on here on TV, these
talking heads, but I mean, but they're just a bunch of
shifters.
They haven't got any idea.
They don't know your ass from their elbow.
That's what that's all about.
I mean, they're very entertaining on CNBC.
I have a lot of respect for these people.
They work 12, 15 hours a day.
I never see anything like it in my life, but they have got no
clue in all these experts that they bring on have got less
of a clue.
And then what's that?
What's that broad and Cohen shorts Johnson?
Whatever her name is from Goldman Sachs that they keep
quoting every day, huh?
I wrote it down and Abby.
Abby Abby Johnson Cohen, something like that.
Abby Schwartz, Weinstein Cohen.
That's her name.
Yeah, she's hot going to China.
Oh, yeah, we still see 9,300, 10,000 by the end of the year,
but I mean, but I'm seeing stars in my eyes.
Okay, Abby, you phony bitch.
NFL, the police and the police, they've concluded their
investigation into a top of stance to a sexual assault
accusation against Dallas Cowboys line in Larry Allen on Monday
without filing any charges.
We are suspending our investigation, Dallas police sergeant
Jim Chandler said we're not filing charges against him or
the one more not going to make a grand jury referral, but he
stressed that while the investigation has concluded, Allen
has not been entirely cleared, which whatever that, what does
that mean?
What does that mean?
It is not likely that it'll be reopened, but we are
preserving that as a possibility in the future Chandler said.
The woman said last week that Alan Forthorne had sex at
night point August 24th in the parking lot of Kings,
Cabaret Club.
And of course, Gary Jones said, but I don't know, but like he
always says, and how much of a check do I have to write to
what in this one?
And that just continues on and on with all your great heroes
out there.
Big non story again in our face.
He wanted a problem.
We got is that like in this town, nothing is happening.
So people keep writing stories in the papers, especially this
sports pages, a non story.
This one even says it's an on story by Michael Russo in a
son central this morning on potpan panthers deal, no news and
none knows.
Right.
Same old crap.
They just, you know, different pictures, different song and
a dance.
Now they got to check out need him.
I see if he's really a pussy.
If his health is okay, if he's going to be able to play, I'm
going to tell you if the Leafs are willing to take Rob
need him.
Are they sure they need brain surgery up there in Toronto?
They need mental health.
We've known that for a long time.
The ghost of Harold Ballard must be making a comeback.
So there's another non story and of course the sale of the
panther, the Marlins, which was imminent like almost any single
day Don Smiley, John Henry.
What was that?
Guadalajal Kuvas?
Is anything happening with that yet?
No, so just continues dragon and dragon and dragon and dragon
and nothing's going on here except we do have Mark McGuary
and a tremendous home ones in vading practice.
It's great.
He's brought a lot of excitement.
But like I said, to me, he's a boring guy.
Oh, but he's hitting those tape measure.
You know something he's still boring.
And if I had to choose, I mean like I hope they both had like
65 would be great.
It's great for the game.
We need something to be excited about because of the
down 114 and then I was down 16.
And it could be another gigantic horrendous day.
We could have a worldwide depression.
So let's at least watch the ball games.
Those guys are only making $7, $10 a year.
I have to worry about.
Here's Miramar.
Hello.
Hey, I'm the new.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
I'm doing okay.
Hey, I wrote.
You know, I didn't get to call yesterday, but I couldn't hold.
I had taken out the car.
I wanted to call him.
Thank you for right.
Stewart tickets and it upended my wife.
And I went to a car game.
Good for you.
Yeah.
She enjoyed it.
Yeah.
Who'd you go with your boyfriend?
I'm her girlfriend.
Yeah.
Like we story.
Um, we believe it.
And and McGuire story until until he's finally doing something,
uh, doing some drugs or whatever that's making him hit at 95 mile an hour
fast ball or 80 mile an hour curve or a change.
Up.
Get as big as he wants.
I can take care of us.
Yeah.
That's all.
Oh, no, that drug thing.
I mean, nobody's even talking about that anymore.
I know, but although this one guy, the NFL suspended Paul Wiggins for four games for
taking that Andrew, uh, because he bought it at a health food store in Eugene, Oregon,
didn't realize it was banned by the NFL.
Yeah.
Which I don't understand why it is banned by the NFL, because it's still it's just a food supplement.
I'm also a player.
I don't know the rules anyway.
Yeah.
That's all.
Okay.
Thank you, sir.
And have a great life.
And I'm glad your wife enjoyed it anyway.
Okay.
We have two open lines in the Broward one and date five six seven oh five 60 pound five
60 on the, whatever it is, mobile one line anybody else out there who couldn't care less
about the Marlins or about baseball in general.
Are they whipped up into a frenzy?
Are they showing some interest because of this thing with a home run chase?
I think it's great.
It's something in an otherwise boring terminal.
One of the worst summers in the history of anybody's life in recent memory.
It's at least something.
And let me tell you one other thing.
While I'm at it while my armors fall off my head.
Since we were talking about the sports bar with a microphone, you sports gamblers
out there.
You know something far be it for me.
If that's how you want to spend your money, probably more fun and investigate in the
market.
It's probably a lot more profitable these days too.
But it is the, it's the death knell of this station and any sports talk radio station sports.
And then you know something I hear almost none of it anywhere else.
But you sports gamblers out there.
As soon as I hear somebody call any show in a, how do you like in that?
Though do you like in the kickoff?
I said, click.
I mean, I'm going to tell you either the button goes to another station in the off
position or to the CD goes popping in there immediately.
It is terminal.
That would be like my bringing in the program from Pompato Park Thursday morning and
going down every race here and reading a, you know, who won the race?
What did it pay?
What was the time of what did I have?
Terminally boring you sports gamblers out there.
In fact, maybe what maybe we ought to start doing some giveaways to GA.
That would be a tremendous service of your sports station WQM to send a lot of
you people to GA because number one, it might help you with your gambling problem.
And number two, it might get you your calls off the year.
Terminal.
Oh, here's Greg Reed got Georgia's bonus here today.
Does he have it today?
Well, why, you know, I don't understand this.
Why is this man laughing?
Have you ever seen that thing?
Why is this man laughing?
Why is this man laughing?
Unless he's just hosting you.
Okay.
I mean, he's been hosting people ever since long before I knew him.
I'm sure that's the story I hear.
But why unless it's a whole job, what is he laughing about?
If it were serious matter, he'd say, Oh, gee, I'm taking care of that.
And of course you'd say, Oh, yeah, sure.
Likely story.
I will.
I give it right.
Exactly.
That's what he's thinking right now.
We don't have you to see you didn't get that in writing unless you get everything
in writing with these people.
They won't do it for love or an especially for money.
Forget about the love park because there is no love.
No chance.
That's the beastly way, baby.
That's what it's all about.
And so they do the tat dance, but I beat, but I will.
132 at 560 WQA.
So anyway, we had a one share at 1030 last night.
How come we had a zero share at 930?
Because everybody was watching a Marlon game in Mark McGuire.
Did you notice last night, by the way, if you were there or you watched the game,
well, if you were there, you were one of those leaving after his last at bat in the
top of the ninth inning and struck out again.
Mark McGuire, you know, isn't going to be up again because obviously the
Marlins are going to be making a comeback.
Plus it's late 10 o'clock at night.
Everybody got to go home, sleep in this town.
So everybody and their brother is pouring out of there at that point.
It was great.
What you'd expect that I'm not blaming anybody for doing that because they didn't
go there to see the game.
They went there to see Big Mac.
That's what they went there to see.
And as soon as his last at bat is over, he gets called out on strike.
See, they're all gone.
Unbelievable.
We have an open line in day two and Broward 5 6 7 0 5 60,
on the mobile one line, Hank will be with you live from the sporting
bruise at two o'clock.
And then we got Donnie B Donnie B is going to do condom talk at six o'clock tonight.
We have what that tape by the way over at station.
Do we have that?
Yes.
Can we hear it?
Joe.
Oh, we'd love to hear that.
If you do and direct me, it definitely been, you know, teaming up a very nice one,
two power condom.
It's really work.
I want to power kind of anybody got a power condom.
Apparently, yes, he wanted to he didn't know whether to say combo or tandem.
And yeah, combo and tandem.
You put them together and you got a big fat condom there, baby.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Okay.
Well, this is going to be just like yesterday all over again.
In other words, the cats got their tongue again today.
I thought we got that out of our system yesterday.
Two open lines in day two and Broward.
We got big Mac going on here in town.
We got all the excitement that anybody could want.
And then some and I asked him, I guess they're answering my question.
Do we care about this?
No, anybody that's not like a baseball or a sports fan,
and never cared about it before.
Do they care?
No.
Okay.
Thanks for the answer.
And two open lines in Broward, five six, seven, oh five, 60 and five,
60 on the mobile one line.
Beautiful.
Anybody care about the market?
It's up 40 54 points now, by the way, the Dow,
Nasdaq's making a little comeback.
It's up and down.
It's all over the place.
It's enough to give you a St.
Vider stance and green apple quick step.
Do they care about that?
No.
Here's a mobile in Cooper City.
Hello.
Morning, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I don't have.
Okay.
I went to the game last night only because Mac was there.
Right.
Because we're free.
That's because we're free for any other team I wouldn't have went anyways.
But I see them left a couple out of the sky.
Don't know, I got back from cars up there for three weeks.
And I was reading the sun every day there.
And that's what the deal was that their time of pop band for me to my almost
cute.
I can't believe the least with you.
Yeah.
Okay.
Well listen, have a great day, pal.
Okay.
We got one call on the board again.
Here I thought that yesterday was going to be the day just like the market.
I thought we get out of our system like a regurgitation and these people got
nothing to say about any of this.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a mobile one line.
Maybe it's not only all my cash that's floating before my eyes.
Maybe it's my whole livelihood to the same thing because this town just
right up like a gigantic prune.
Here's our last call today.
Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
First of all, it's my birthday.
Okay.
Great.
Finally old enough to be president.
Yeah.
Neil, the reason I'm calling, it's kind of an old fire report, I guess.
I don't know.
But this is the thing.
I'm not a pervert or anything, but I collect old playboys.
Yeah.
And I'm reading a playboy from 1975 and it has the pig skin preview.
I don't know whatever that I don't know with the college players.
They're picked.
So who's the best college players or whatever.
And there is a guy in there named Kim.
Ro camp with an R.
Yeah, from Michigan state.
I know I'm not a joxton.
I know you're not the sports guy or anything, but is this the same Kim
Bo camp to change his name?
Is this could be the same guy?
It's a totally different guy.
Yes.
Was that guy?
So in other words, this guy, Ro camp just happens that he's from the same era
and such a similar name.
Meaning what?
No, I'm just curious.
I just think it's quite a coincidence.
In other words, you find that they're like three or four letters that are
different than missing and that therefore it's close enough and it's a match.
Well, there's two letters that are different at the same first name.
No, Kim, let me say it again.
No.
Okay.
Well, Neil have a great day.
Okay, we have two open lines and they in all of Broward five six seven,
oh, five, this is on, but this is just like a whole new episode in my life.
Here just one you expect that you have some idea what's going on.
Like I've told you for 22 and a half years, all of a sudden these,
they're all in the form of their brokers.
That must be it.
The thousand eighty seven and eighty six.
Excuse me.
It's up and down.
It's all over the guy that's up and done more than Kathy Willards.
And this audience, man, they're down.
They're on the outs.
They got nothing to say.
We got all this big excitement going on in town.
Finally, something going on here today.
Anything to say on the show about it?
No, they call in the prime.
Listen to Hank yesterday driving home.
He's talking about McGuire about so so about this and about that.
First guy, damn call.
Hey, could you like in the kickoff classic tonight?
Oh my God.
I just wanted to kill myself.
Just wanted to kick.
Oh, you think the dolphins could cover the three and a half on Sunday?
I mean, professional gamblers.
That's always God, man.
It's all we got left.
Terrifying.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I think you reached your last night.
I asked the year game.
I got to tell you something and you were funny looking.
You look like a pimple on my butt.
Oh, great.
Thank you.
You must have a lot of them evidently.
I'd like to see a pimple on your butt.
Okay.
Send us a picture, pal.
Okay.
We got two open lines and Broward all of a day.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a mobile one line.
Excellent start to the week.
22 B4 11 at 5 60 QA.
If you look at 60 QA.
A new.
Fuck you.
There are companies boring.
You know what I'm saying?
It's 16 B4 11 at 5 60 WQM.
We have powered 5 6 7 0 5 60.
0 5 60 on a mobile one line.
Here's a lady on a pay phone in Miami.
Hello.
Is she going?
Well, thank you so much for waiting.
Maybe her quarters ran out.
Don't start that again.
Here's a mobile in Miami likes.
Hello.
How's it going, Neil?
Okay, sir.
Yeah, I heard that little oracle like punk say something
that actually made sense this morning.
Yeah.
He said that.
This is having a great home run here,
but McGuire is a great home on hitter.
It deserves all the attention.
It shouldn't be focused on sir.
No, that doesn't make any sense at all.
No, it does not.
This is getting lucky and having a house.
No, so says not getting lucky.
So says a lot younger than McGuire number one.
Do you think it runs to the air last year?
What does that got to do with it?
Well, he's having a lucky year.
Let me ask you that.
How many is he going to hit next year?
Maybe he's going to hit 78 next year.
How the hell do you know?
Yeah, but how many years does McGuire hit 50?
This will be the third.
Exactly in a row.
Yeah.
So I wouldn't call that luck.
Did I call it luck?
What is?
Sir, what are you talking about?
Are you lost it?
Did you lose all your money in a market overnight?
No, not all.
You probably don't have any.
What an idiot.
I never said McGuire was lucky.
I said he hit 58 last year.
And that's why everybody expects him to be the one to do it.
Because he's the home run hitter.
But so says a better ball player.
He's exciting.
Can Griffey Jr.'s exciting.
Juan Gonzalez is exciting at seven RBI's last night.
He's got 143 guy named RBI's with him up to go.
Those are exciting ball players, OK?
And like I said, I hope they both do it.
But please don't try to tell me that McGuire deserves
more publicity than Sammy Sosa.
But anyway, yeah, that's right.
You and Geldie, maybe you can alloke, pal.
I wish you're all the best in the world.
Two open lines in date, five six seven,
five 60, pound five 60 on the mobile one line.
Here's Weston.
Hello.
Weston.
Oh, hello.
Hi, sir.
First of all, I agree with you on Sammy Sosa.
He's twice more exciting than Mark McWire.
He's a great athlete.
He's having exciting ball players, exciting to watch.
Right.
And secondly, I'm going to say that I'm going to say that
did you watch your 930 show last night?
No, I did not.
I was watching the baseball game like everybody else.
Well, I watched believe it or not,
I watched the show last night.
The 930 show must be the one because we had a big 930.
And Jeff Cohen came and delivered.
Boy, I did see that part.
Yeah, 30 twinnings that flipped over and I saw Jeff Cohen's
back blocking the camera.
And I saw the very end of it when I threw all the crap
in a waist basket.
That was great.
Thank God they put that in there.
Nice going guys.
That was great.
And one other thing are on the Ben and Jerry's fish food ice cream.
I wanted to ask you, did you ever try a dastardly match?
No, it's a, uh,
I'm in search.
Please, with all due respect, I don't want to hear about
any new ice cream flavors.
I don't want George ordering me secret meals like he did here yesterday.
I was so, I was so psychotic when I left here yesterday,
I wanted to kill somebody.
Any hell in closing, could I call somebody to do
a bag?
Go ahead.
Markets for me, these ice cream.
You're right.
You're right.
You're right about that.
Anyway, I leave here yesterday.
First of all, I go down to my car.
I had my oil change.
Did my red vet yesterday.
Okay.
Now, last time I had the oil change in my red vet,
remember what happened?
I'm driving home and I all these high inflation lights come
onto my computer and a car because they'd overinflated the tires.
And I go home and check and 47 pounds in the tires.
And I said, you're, I'm not going to mention who changed the oil.
Okay, don't want to mention any names.
I said to George yesterday when he called for me.
I told him to ask if they could change you.
30 pounds in the tires.
That's what it says in the manual.
That's the correct pressure for those tires.
Okay.
30 pounds.
I know I've got two of them.
Believe me, that's the right pressure.
Guy brings me back the car yesterday.
I pay him and we're going out to the car.
First of all, fat boy Jeff High is out there with the car.
I was already ready to kill somebody.
In fact, there's something I blew it.
That's why I should have nailed right there.
Jeff High.
Hey, Pally.
You know, anybody that says Pally, you know, is a real major asshole.
Okay.
Hey, Pally.
It's like people that say things out of a comic book.
Like like boohoo.
Did you ever hear anybody say boohoo?
No, people don't say boohoo is something out of a comic strip.
Just like people don't say, hey, Pally.
So Jeff High is out there.
So we must be looking for a goddamn job or something again.
Although I don't want the people back in Clearchan,
we'll find out he was over here sucking around for work evidently.
So then the guy from the place tells me, oh, we put 40 pounds in the tires
because the sidewall says maximum in pressure PSI-44.
And at that point, I wanted to sit down on the curb out there
and just start crying.
I said, but George Polagai,
when before they picked up the car, 30 pounds,
well, we go by the, what it says on the,
we go by what it says on the tire,
even though the customer says this is right and the manual says this is right.
And so, you know, he said, okay,
if you want to stop by in a way,
home will us rate it out for you.
So first of all, I was too pissed off.
Number one is stop by.
And number two, I figured, okay, me because he's telling me,
well, you know, a lot of people like, like it this way,
like you've got a choice, like it makes no difference what it says in the manual.
If you want to stick 40 pounds of pressure in there, go right ahead.
Like all the punks with their big oversized tires, you know,
like I'm going to be 10 years old again.
So I'm driving home about third away up the turn.
Picking, guess what?
Here comes the computer.
High, high inflation front left.
High inflation front right.
They're like being able to move out all of it to God in place.
So I had to go home and dittle around and get the pressure out of there
and get it back to 30 where it belonged.
So other than that,
why can't it came out people communicate in this town?
Can't you speak?
They speak perfect English in that joint.
30 pounds of pressure.
In fact, if you do me a favor, just change the oil
and do whatever goes along with it and check the, you know, the fluid that this,
that's all.
Thank you.
Leave my F entire is alone.
Please.
Please, those tires only cost like four, five hundred bucks a pop.
Just leave them alone.
Please, I'll take care of the pressure.
I check it like all the time constantly.
And there's like an automatic pressure thing on it.
Anyway, on the computer that tells you how much pressure is in the tire.
So please, no more 50 pounds, no more truck tires and more court, my Corvette, please.
So where do you think I'm going to do oil change next time, George?
Okay, here's a, oh, she's back.
The lady in the people and I'm hot going to try to kill.
Hi, good morning, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
I'm just going to let you know that the white tire listening.
I'm from Michigan, but now you're 10 years.
And I'm a loyal listener.
You know, I love your show.
I'm smiling here to hear these people think I must complain with my self in the car here.
I love your show.
Keep up the good deal.
Thank you so much.
Take care.
Okay, see you.
Bye-bye.
Well, that was nice.
You actually spent a couple of quarters.
Well, she won't need them later.
We have an open line and dating to a brown word five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty on the mobile one line.
Here's Kendall.
Hello.
Morning, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Listen, I hear WQAM made a bid to buy Russian.
I'm promised to pay by check.
Yeltsin says, uh, I can buy Russia right now.
I can cover it with my own check.
Show me the money.
Yeah.
Anyway, uh, you hear like yesterday Bill Gates lost four billion dollars.
And you know, like something I'm really crying for.
I'm really upset about that.
It's not something you know, he can lose all his money.
And he still has like 50 billion left.
Yeah, just breaks my heart.
May we have to translate our money into like sense.
Like, you know, I lost a hundred thousand pennies or something.
That's a feeling important.
You know, let me say it again.
If I could tell you how much I've lost on paper in the last six weeks,
we booked a lot in the street and blow some of these brains out.
I know I just called my, uh, what, uh, FBR, whatever it is called,
the trip savings plan for every time.
Yeah.
And, uh, the last figures they have are of July 31st.
So they want, uh, you know, give them no figures until September 11th or so.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah, I really don't know what the hell.
You know, how much money I got left there, but, you know,
I don't want to get out now.
I don't want to go out there and get a lot of ammunition and canned goods.
I don't want to get out now because, uh, you know,
my retirement is like eight years away.
Don't worry about it.
I figured I can hold on.
Just like Monica says, what goes up must come down or the other way around.
Have a great day, pal.
Good luck to us all.
Like Connie Tim said, two open lines and date and two and brown.
And five six seven, oh five sixty,
pump five sixty on the mobile one line.
That was up 51, that's next down three.
It's just hovering.
Now is not the time to even really pay any attention.
The time to pay attention is like after about two or 30.
In fact, I think they wait till I get home.
Yeah, they have like a spy in my corner.
Oh, he's home now.
Okay.
Now let's go eight shot.
Okay.
Because that's what they did yesterday.
I'm sitting there really easily drinking my diet.
So to look at the TV screen, try to digest that meal that I didn't want.
And all of a sudden, it's down to 40 and it's down to 16.
That's dropping 300 and three.
And I'm just sitting there like frozen in suspended animation.
Like what the hell are you going to do?
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah.
Yes.
I hope that guy and the lake's family lakes are still listening.
Either either real moron.
Yeah.
Sami, that year, uh, break time out 40.
I'm Ron and he had a, uh, he's almost broken, but the body had him in a pitch.
Right.
So he really doesn't know what he's talking about.
The guy out 40 home and last year.
And family sources younger than Mark McGuery, he made me,
maybe come on of the most prodigious home run hitters.
Who now knows what differences are made common to you?
Somebody hit last year.
Exactly.
But by the way, he got 40 anyhow and and and the reason that that's like saying,
well, you know, Roger Maris had 61 to one time,
but you'll never hit more than 39 a day other season.
Well, what the hell difference does it make?
Does that diminish the record many other way?
And the reason he didn't go over 50 is because his arm was broken.
Yeah.
By the way, Neil, I know you go to you a lot.
I just came back from Bobo Beach and the men's Republic.
I met somebody from Italy there.
The other film is the plays that they call each care and the capri.
Yes, you're the you scare.
Yeah.
Do those are carbilla?
You ever been there?
No.
I'm going to use your right now as a matter of fact.
I'm going to say, uh,
cottage or something for my bank account.
Have a great day, pal.
Thank you.
I'm even urging.
Okay, we got one call on the board.
This is this is not shocking.
This is typical two open lines and they all are powered right open.
Okay, if you don't care about Mark McGuery,
you don't care about the guy damn stock market.
You don't care about any other guy damn thing that's going on.
If you're is anybody in this audience taking meridia?
No.
Can they tell us anything about that?
No.
Well, what is with these people?
What do they know besides what do you got for free?
5 6 7 0 5.
You know something what I'm going to do?
I'm just I'm not going to fight it.
Today is the day, baby.
I'm just going to clean out those accounts.
Whatever I got left.
I'm going to hop out of plane.
The nice zone.
What happened about?
I mean, this is a radio show that a guy sits here and
it throws out 50 billion, 200 thousand things.
And these goddamn people sit there like that.
This is Miami.
This is South Florida.
If you're visiting here, by the way,
have one question for you.
Why?
What in God's name?
What could you have possibly been thinking about to come here?
This is the end of the goddamn universe here.
Open line into it.
Too and brown.
I'm not going to move.
I'm not going to do a goddamn thing
until we start motivating these goddamn assholes out there.
Okay.
The sky's not falling.
That was up 80 points.
Joe Kernan sitting there looking.
He's amusing.
I like Joe Kernan.
He's a funny guy.
He don't always ask for him as elbow anymore than the rest of them.
But at least he's entertaining.
He's entertaining.
That's all we can get.
Expect his entertainment.
So what the hell if the world is going into hell in a hand basket
and Bubba's over there talking to the guy
dim Russian college students that are sitting there?
What's he saying?
Are those the guys?
They don't know what they're least talking about.
Which I guess makes two of them.
Here's a mobile in the Gables.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'm Don Carrano.
I'm going to get on a bad stuff.
I want to thank you.
My seniors are going around the Akin's diet.
Yeah.
Even though you know you're not on a solid weight.
Yeah, you did.
But you can be inspiration.
I lost 40 pounds in a few years and I kept it off.
Oh, thank God that I stay.
See how many lives I stay out there?
I'm three on fish with dough.
Huh?
I can't do no fish.
That's all right.
I haven't eaten anything anymore though.
I'm taking good care of the losing him no time.
This is all I want to talk about walking around.
Yeah.
I'm also the reason people I talk about Mark McWire
is that after he did have a good season.
But Sammy also was injured
part of the season after the game.
That's what the guy just said, right?
But Sammy also is a winning one.
Sighting players like Ken Griffey is a win more exciting
to fit the player in.
I just think that's a 10 Griffey.
Even though he's only got 48 instead of 55.
But it's 10 times more exciting player than Mark McWire.
That's what Mark McWire has a big lot with huge arms.
He can just hit it.
It's just like a toothpick in his hands.
Right.
Right.
Well, they got a take-off with that guy who turned him
on the steroids and felt things.
There he goes.
Now we got to the bottom of that's right.
Host, they know where they're good crashers.
Okay, go find a good sell pal.
Another great day.
He's got a bad sell.
Anybody out there in a bad sell?
We have an open line in day two and brown.
We got the deadest guy they have audience in the history
of mankind on this show.
Dead or an adorned ale.
And that was up 79 and Aztec's back in a plus.
It's up five points.
What do you want from me?
Okay, I'm pushing for it.
I'm pulling.
I'm squeezing.
I'm doing everything in my power.
I got people in the other room
that buying stock like crazy with bad checks from unsigned checks.
Unsigned checks from whammy
and bad checks from Beasley Reed.
Okay.
But at least it looks good on the other thing up there anyway.
It's all psychological.
See, it's all in your mind.
Like yesterday, we're seeing at the an oiler's panic down here.
Of course, there's panic for Christ's sake.
People are peeing in their pantaloonies.
I mean, it's money.
It's all we got.
We should have been sticking it out of the mattress.
We should have stuck in the guy dead banks somewhere.
And they've been cutting us into this gambling game.
And let me tell you again,
chronic gambling is for maniacs, for losers.
I'm so sick and tired of hearing all these gamblers
talking to me and trying to go how they won this and they had a good
like I told you before,
chronic compulsive sick gamblers will never tell you about their losing.
Only about their winnings.
And believe you, me, almost every single one of them
with very few exceptions in the long run lose their ass.
Okay, I feel better now.
1057 at 560 QA.
I'm a huge fan.
You were talking about one of your dollars.
Yeah.
Is he crazy or what?
Is he sensational?
And talk about a guy that gets no publicity.
I'm not on.
Zipity doodah zero.
If you went out on the street in this town and asked people
who one gun dollars was,
they'd cut these some idiot that lives in Halea.
The most phenomenal player there is.
I'm telling you, I want to say that.
Number one.
He's great.
He's 50 with a 75 last night.
Yes.
Seven of you have two doubles.
Just go to one room.
One more.
You want.
Maybe a couple more.
Well, you know, no more guards.
You're close to when you're talking about.
Forget that.
Forget them.
And listen, I don't want to talk about all these marginal people.
Okay.
If you're talking.
No more great.
Like I said, marginal.
Okay.
Call the sports you.
It's good out of here.
I'm not doing a sports you.
I'm talking about a phenomenon that's
become a part of American culture,
which George is very upset about by the way.
Too bad.
Let's see.
Let's hear your good topics for today, George.
For today?
Yeah.
I think what you're talking about off the air
was way better than the.
And about what?
He thought so.
This town and how they're more.
I bet.
But I've already said that a million times.
Okay.
There's no point in repeating the obvious.
There's no point making these people suffer
anymore than they have to because we all
happen to be here.
They know it.
We have an open line.
How many people do you think are really here
voluntarily?
Six?
In other words, if they had an option, if all of a sudden
they opened up their bank account tomorrow morning
and was like $10 million in cash,
somebody stuck in here.
The money fairy stuck in there.
How many people do you think would stick around?
Five, four, any hands?
Anybody stick around here?
I don't see any hands in this style.
How about I have the other one?
Many hands going up?
Huh?
One.
Who is it?
Who was it?
Oh, Ron.
Yeah, well, Ron, he's got problems.
Okay, we have an open line.
It's five, six, seven, oh, five, six.
Yeah, he's not standing here.
He had the money boy.
He disappeared.
They wouldn't fight about it at all.
He'd be the first one gone.
Here's my main story.
Hello?
Yeah.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir?
The West today has proven that a nuclear bomb is the town.
Yes?
Recall, rare.
How the dolphins going to win the Super Bowl?
Right.
The first call of the...
What do you think of the kickoff plan?
It's a good idea, huh?
I mean, it's seriously.
When I heard that yesterday, I was so deep-spirited.
I mean, I don't know if it was so close.
What's going on in this town?
Is there any hockey going on now?
The NBA is the ring now, Ron.
Right.
Is there anything going on?
I mean, the dolphins haven't played one-wheel game yet.
The one thing going on is over at the stadium.
We've got 36,000 people in there for me in this game.
And here's some asshole calling up wanting to know who does somebody like, in other words,
who they should bet on in a goddamn ballgame.
The one horse pound, I'm going to say I've been hit by...
God, it's unbelievable.
The one horse pound, and it always will be.
Where's the market goes?
Friday, I got a call.
But this is what they're doing now.
Friday, I got a call for a potential base.
Yeah.
Basically, the woman said, did you see what the market's doing?
I said, I just got off the internet.
I'm sweating like a pig with corn.
I just got to lose the money.
You know?
He goes, how can a child think about, well, you know, you should put your money to this?
Say I said, how did you get my number?
He goes, well, I got you off a list of perceptive assholes.
Right.
So I said, yeah, I'm out.
Oh, a list of potential suicides, right?
I got a couple of nickels like, you know, a few other people.
And the bottom line is losing that, you know, a few thousand, so forth.
And all the experts say, the course, they even went to...
Now you can't sell.
Now you can't get out because they didn't want.
That's right.
So the bottom line is enclosing my drive cleaners instead of best.
Sometimes you get advice from the strangers people.
He said, the market's not for small people like us.
The big people manipulated the make money, they lose money.
But the small guys that you and me get hurt.
I think he's right.
Five to six years ago, the seniors put your money in PDs, your major six percent.
You were happy.
Yeah.
You didn't sweat like a pig.
And the market, what did you do now?
It's up 87.
And the next step on this 12th.
Oh, thank God.
The COVID keeps going.
Okay.
Good luck, Mr. Zagizun.
Okay.
There's a guy.
Thank God I finally heard from somebody else because misery loves company.
And I know nobody gives a crap because I'm making a few bucks.
I'm not going to starve to death.
But it's retirement money.
It's money you save for years and years and years with one thing in mind.
Like, finally, finally I can stop.
Every day of my life coming in and begging people to talk to me.
That's what I get paid to do.
I don't get paid to come in and entertain or talk to people.
I come in to get paid.
I get paid.
The big people to speak about anything they want.
That's Miami for ya baby.
The dead is God damn placed on the face of their head.
And I don't even blame these people to be honest with you because is there anything going on here and out?
Mark McGuire coming to town.
Is the most important exciting.
There's a God damn election today.
Does anybody including me care about it?
No.
No, because we're just we're just totally turned off to that crap.
We got the best crooked politicians that money can buy in his town.
Nobody with a brain gives a crap.
there are going to be five percent of the people who are going to vote.
Oh, that's why you're not getting a lot of votes.
All voting.
All out voting.
Yeah, right.
Give me a fricking break.
Man, oh man, or shepherds.
And what did I say years ago?
40 years ago, I said, you know, this place is just a fraction of what it could be.
And then they finally, they put a bunch of pink and lemon and lime buildings down there
in South Beach and got a bunch of drug addicts and fags down there.
And they really, and a few people, you know, big name people, Madonna hangs out in this
one of them.
And they really think that they put us on a mat.
They think that they've made this into like a tropical paradise.
Here's the Miami.
Hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
I got a thing for free today.
Yeah.
Dial tone.
We have an open line in day, welcome, customer pennies, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 5, 60 on the 18T wireless
line.
Asshole.
It's 11, 08 at 5, 60 QA.
And if you need to have done that, one good thing.
See, this is still for lining in every casket.
It's 11, 13 at 5, 60 WQA.
And don't forget, Hank's going to be live at the sporting brews today from 2 to 6.
Anything you get out of that red and festive joint.
And then we got Donny B. Donny B for another penetrating interview tonight from 6 to 6,
30 before the free game show.
I'm going to tell you who's doing a hell of a good job, by the way, since I get accused
of knocking everybody.
And that's Blue Shombie.
Now when it comes to doing a talk show, no, that's not his deal, OK?
And then Gorsi got settled with Christina Moore, not his deal.
But as far as the pregame show and the interviews and his play by play and the still car, Blue
Shombie is great, which I was never all I keen on because my first exposure with him,
if you've heard that expression, was with Christina Moore on a talk show, not a talk
show guy.
But great on the ball games and the stuff that he's doing.
Nice going folks to even when he orange here.
So see when somebody does a good job, I'll be the first one to come on and fed you.
And if somebody don't belong on here like Geldie, I'll be the first one to turn in the
second one and third one and over and over again.
Can you know what I mean?
That's right.
And what is that call in Florence, Oregon?
Can that be for real?
Hello?
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
You're in Florence?
Florence, Oregon.
Oh my God.
Yeah, I got the hell out of my Amy a couple years ago.
Yeah?
Congratulations, sir.
I have no idea about Florence, Oregon, but it's got to be a big improvement.
Come on out and visit.
We need a guy like you out here.
Yeah, I'll tell you.
Yeah.
Just want to say, love looks at your show, especially 3000 miles away.
Right.
Thank God for that internet, right?
That's right.
It works well for me.
Okay, pal.
Well, listen, have a touch with you and Miami.
Have a great life.
You too.
And believe me, you're out of be 10 times as happy.
You left here.
It's a lot worse now.
Oh, I know it is.
My mother still lives down there.
Okay.
Get her out of there.
Good luck, pal.
Take care, sir.
Okay, we have two open lines in Dadees from Florence, Oregon.
I feel like that.
They like to show up there in Oregon, the people on the internet who are listening around
the country, the people who live here, they're not too crazy about me because they know
me better than the people in Oregon.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the AT&T.
Yeah, we saw you all in, by the way, that's that looney tune, Schmoth, that's got to
go.
You see that last night on the 1030 show?
It looked like I had, I don't know what that looked like.
I had underwear on my head or something.
It's pretty big, yeah.
Yeah.
Well, I got news, I'll give it to Joe Rose and my cover, his head.
Let's go to a mobile in Fort Lauderdale, hello.
Hello, me, all right.
Who gets your promos?
I'm looking all over for Ed Kaplan, I can't find them.
Yeah.
Well, they got a change in that and they look to get them as you say, Ponder.
Why, what did it say?
Where do you find Ed Kaplan?
Where do you find Angolberg?
Where do you find Ed Kaplan?
You find him at the track.
Exactly.
Where do you find Angolberg at the track?
At the end of the middle of your show, where do you find your lodgers?
Yeah, you're right, pretty weak.
Really weak.
Wouldn't it be nice if they told you what time?
Now you're getting, you know, picky with the Bluff Lindsay who you're, like he'd even
be able to find his way to work every day.
Yeah, you're right.
I'm on a material.
Okay, thank you.
Okay, two open lines and day one and Broward, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Yeah, you, I hate Cliff, you and that Mark Katsa, you become quite a one-two condom.
That was, it was the epitome of WQM.
If I, you know, I'm embarrassed to say that to you, but hey, I had no shame.
I mean, I'm working here.
That's the epitome of this station.
Little kids on here, it's like tryouts for little kids.
And Donnie, you know, he's trying like crazy and he's, you know, someday maybe he'll be
on here, maybe not, maybe he'll wise up and get a real job where he gets paid.
But a one-two condom, I mean, what are we talking about here, boys and girls?
And that's our idea of, you know, penetrating, exciting, a radio here.
Just get the spots on.
Stop belly it can already.
Nobody wants to hear about it.
It's too hot.
The markets in the crapper.
Nobody wants to hear about this.
Just bring the spots on, please.
Here's Miami.
Hello?
How about the rocket, man?
He's doing it in Toronto.
He's, I believe, it's kind of three, three shout outs and, you know, he's got like 17
wins.
Yeah.
Probably on his way, another one.
Great.
Okay.
Thank you and get a new phone.
Okay.
We have, we're not talking baseball here today.
We're talking about the phenomenon of the Mark McGuire and Sammy Sosa.
I'm not turning this into a sports joke and I'll care about the rocket.
School the rocket.
How about rocket, Richard?
How's he doing?
How about the pocket rocket?
Dave County's wide open, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the 18t wireless line.
Hey, what do you think about the kickoff classic?
How about those seminars?
Oh, God.
And he knows something.
That's a real sickness here in Florida.
More so than any other state in the world is college football is like a mental illness
in this state.
It's either hercune, gators, seminald and it's like you have to be obsessed with that
for like six months out of the year.
Do I give a crap about any of it?
No.
Not in the least, but in fact, hey, I was hoping that the Texas A&M and I don't even know
who to hold anything about Texas A&M.
I watched about five minutes of that game last night.
I thought this would really piss Bobby about when he were down 14 to 10 there in the third
quarter.
I'm thinking to myself, well, would this serve that Bobby bound right for preempting
our show on Sunday night on a whammy?
I mean, what is that all about?
Colleges that have to have winning football teams and they got the best program.
What does that mean?
You know what it means?
That's all it means is rhymes with mean green.
That's what it means.
All about big money.
It's got nothing to do with anything.
Does it mean anybody learned anything there?
No.
No.
Does it mean it's a great institution of a...
No.
Dave County 56670560.560 on the AT&P line.
Here's Margate.
Hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I'm calling for Margate.
I'm just going to call and play a re-enjoy your show and I do watch the show on whammy
every night.
I'm one of those rare people that you don't think that watches it, but I do.
I just want to call off the subject of sports.
Talk about top-fired.
I'm pretty discussed with it, too.
In particular, the school system.
My son just started kindergarten yesterday and his first day I was going to lunch.
They give me half an hour for lunch.
The kids got his lunch.
By the time he got off the line, it's the down easy.
I have a minute to eat.
I got one bite of his sandwich and had to go back to class.
In the school, they're only supposed to have 800 kids.
They now have over 1200 kids registered for it.
I've seen on the promo that Buddy McKay is trying to work for governor, saying that he's
going to clean up the lottery scam that caused the problem with the school and education,
but isn't he the person that's in office right now that this whole scam has gone through
all this time and his men's childhood has done nothing for it?
I just want to know your thoughts about the whole thing.
I think they're both paying you a lot of lip service and as long as the old parts
have the power like in Broward County, nothing's going to really happen.
That's another thing.
That's the one thing I'm crazy.
The old parts are selfish and obnoxious.
They don't want to pay one dime to educate anybody else's kids, including yours.
And that's why it's a very low priority.
And, but I mean, because the demographics in this town are all screwed up, and especially
in Broward.
Broward is, you know, something I would say to somebody yesterday, driving around.
Broward County is getting younger to me.
I don't care what they tell us with the Census Bureau.
Broward County is so old.
The average age there must be like death less one day.
I mean, it's unbelievable.
So what's the answer to that?
I mean, Jeff Bush, I don't think there's the answer either.
What's the, there's politically there is no answer.
The answer is, you know, if you're going to afford a private school, that's the answer
and it's not the do the best you can.
Yeah.
Okay, thanks.
Good luck, pal.
Okay.
We have two open line.
Hey, but we got good football programs there.
Miami high.
There you go.
We got good athletic programs.
Two open lines and date one in Broward.
Five six seven, oh five sixty, five sixty on the AT&T line.
The dollars of 129 points.
And that's up 28 points.
But don't get too excited.
It's only 11 20 in the morning.
At least it's not crashing to the damn floor again like it looked like it might be again
this morning.
It's up.
It's down.
It's a volatile is the word you're looking for because everybody is psychotic and hysterical
and the people who don't have money, they're laughing up their sleeve now.
Here's a lady in Pompano.
Hello.
Hi, now.
Yes, man.
I agree with this about everything you say except when it comes to the market.
What does that mean?
Well, I feel that you you you fan the flames of irrationality of the individual investor.
I fan the flames of rationality.
I've got some.
I've got some.
I've got something to do with that.
Yeah, with people getting you know, except and crazy because it's up to.
When you're in the market, you better be honest with the long haul.
You got to watch what's going on.
Number one, ask yourself questions.
What is fundamentally wrong with the economy of the United States?
Nothing.
Are our unemployment as well?
Yeah.
Are unemployment as though we have no.
In other words, you're saying that what's happening, the fact that markets all over the
rest of the world are crumbling has no impact on us whatsoever.
How about our exports?
How do we export?
How does Russia, how does Russia's market affect us?
I'm talking about Russia.
I'm talking about Japan.
I'm talking about Hong Kong.
I'm talking about Latin America.
I'm talking about every other stock market in the world, Australia, New Zealand.
I watch these things.
We know I hate to break the news, but being a massacre is like I am.
I watch these things very carefully.
I watch Bloomberg TV.
I watch CNBC.
I watch all of this crap.
And I'm telling you every other market in the world is taking a giant.
Europe is in the crapper.
We can't vacuum.
The market economy is going to operate in a vacuum.
The people are out there.
And as corporate profits go down and as customers are confident, people spend less money and
as corporate profits go down, well, we got real problems, don't we?
Right.
And therefore, the value of the stock goes down.
People panic and start selling it.
They want to put their money in safe havens like bonds and in even money market funds.
It's the return is very low.
It's the lowest yield in 77%.
I understand that, but I'm just telling you what people are doing and they're not doing it because
the O'Rodgers is on a radio stage.
I'm just reading the numbers off the screen here.
I'm reading the same numbers that anybody with a TV set can watch anywhere in the world.
It bows up 120 points.
When it goes up, I tell you when it goes down, I'm telling you.
In addition to which mostly damage yesterday happened long after I was out of the year.
Start watching trends as opposed to the daily up in the Amazon.
That's not what it's all about.
Well, the trend is that since July 17th, the market's lost 1800 points.
Does that look like a trend to you?
Okay, but think about how fast it went up and why it went up.
Didn't go up 1800 points in six weeks.
No, we're talking over month.
Right.
And why it went up is what Alan Greenspan called irrational exuberance is that all these thoughts were over price?
Exactly. There was no value, no price or increase.
So, what are you talking about?
I can talk about this and don't.
There goes up and down, nothing down and nothing down.
I'm not talking about the people that start freaking out.
And that's the problem that's freaking out.
I've had a lot of ridiculous calls in the 22 and a half years I've been on the year in Miami.
But this is, you're in the running.
I'm not going to say on top of the list, but you're certainly in the top 10.
Like, I'm somehow responsible for people panicking.
No, no, no.
Then what are you saying?
What did you just get through saying?
Don't do this. Don't go up and down.
I'll go up and down all I want.
Get out of here.
Crazy person. Probably a stock broker.
Sounds maybe like my stock broker.
Who knows nothing, by the way.
Absolutely nothing, which I won't mention your name on the year.
We have two open lines and day one and Broward five six.
If he just said, does anybody know?
No. Except that I'm responsible.
See, as soon as she started opening up her big mouth, we're up 100th.
Now it's only now it's dropping against the 98th point, instead of 120.
Only since she came on the year.
So, even though I have no idea what she said, whatever you said, sweetheart,
you were the kiss of death.
Look at that. The market is dumping right now.
Just on the heels of whatever you said.
That's the impact we have.
I can't even get the guy that six lines lit up here in South Florida.
I've been on the year here for 100 years.
I can't remember the number one rated show in town.
I can't get these people to call about anything for love or money.
And I've got such tremendous power that the market where markets all over the world are diving,
are crashing and somehow it's because of me because I said it's up and that's exactly what it is.
The market opened this morning and went up 136 points.
Then it was down 69 points.
Then it was up to 120.
Now it's dropping again.
It's up 97, but it's losing a lot of its gains.
It's up and down. It's all over the place, which you'd expect, because people are
don't know about their screen reader banana or killer broker, which sounds pretty inviting.
Because like somebody said a few days ago, we're not here to give advice.
We're here to sell stock and buy selling buy.
We're here to get commissions or sell people.
Fails people.
There you go. We finally got to the bottom of this whole damn thing.
What about the ten years on it shows you what looks amazing?
Fails people are ISO.
Exactly. Like Jeff.
How would you like to have a rough day like I did yesterday and walk out of here?
Find out that your tires have been overinflated like about the 10 pounds pressure per tire.
And then see Jeff high standing there.
Who is by the way much more overinflated than 10 pounds per square inch.
Hey, pal. Oh God. I'm going to tell you my life was dancing in front of my eyes.
Was he still using a cane?
No. No, he claims he's lost some weight. I said, how can you tell?
He must have just taken a big.
It's 1126. How would you like to pay your bills that way at home?
You know, like F P N L or there's a Southern belt, anything like your utilities, your water bill.
You know, you'd be sitting there in a house with the dark is what it would be.
Well, I don't care. They can turn everything off, but I'm not ready to pay yet.
I got you know, $50 trillion during the bank and my stocks are doing real good.
But I'm not I'm just not ready to pay yet. It's not a question of if it's a question of when.
And so after the episode on the year was off, you know, behind closed doors in there.
Greg Reed tells George, oh, I'm doing everything I can and just the, you know,
the paperwork is in over there, but just a question of getting them off their ass and I'm doing all I can right now.
He's doing all he can't just like he's going to spend $15 million to invest in the God then Florida, Marlon.
Come on. What are we talking about here? Like I've said before, I got him summed up perfectly.
He's a good guy. He's got good intentions. He knows nothing about the business, but he's a good guy.
Never stole a freight train. He'd like to take care of people, but he can't because he has nothing to say about anything.
He's a face man for the beastly guys.
And believe me, if you ever saw these guys, you you come running with with with the bread and water for these guys.
If you saw that, you'd say here, can you know, you know, you'd reach in your pocket, you say, I might need these quarters later on, but can you use them now?
That's what they look like. They do look like they just crawled out of a goddamn dumpster. I'm not exaggerating.
And before I came to work here, I heard, oh, they just sold that big station in LA for 120 million cash. They're loaded money.
If they're loaded with money, they must be rolling around it and the mud too.
Because they are unbelievable. Just like you people are unbelievable today. And yesterday we got two calls on the board, two open lines and dating two and Howard. It's a hopeless case.
I think we've come to the end of the new Roger show as we knew it. Markets coming to an end of what's up 92. It's not doing that bad. And that's X up 25. But nevertheless, kind of a half-ash the rally here today.
They don't really have their hearts in it because they're all panicky. I think this audience is the same. There's a lot of fun for 22 and a half years, but these people got nothing to say about it.
5 6 7 0 5 60, 0 5 5 60 on the 18 T wireless line. How is it possible in the area of four million people that have to work so hard to try to squeeze a few words out of anybody? How is it possible?
Here's a mobile in Pember pine. Hello? Uncle. Yes, I'm ready to say uncle right now. I'm ready to pack it in.
Yeah, here. Let's get on a plane and head for just a take me anywhere out of here. I'd like to try and make a plea to the idiots that go to the baseball game.
Yes, stay in your seats until between innings. I have seven roast seats on the third day. Well, I last night cardinals game. If I had a dollar for every time I had to get up and sit down and get up and sit down and get up and sit down. I'd have more money than Mark McGuire has Homer.
First of all, you got to understand that most of those people there are just front running ponies anywhere. They're there to see a phenomenon who have no idea of how to conduct themselves at a baseball game or any sporting event or any other place in public. That's what you're dealing with.
I guess so. I mean, leave your two year old at home and just go to the game with your wife or girlfriend and have a good time. That's right. Leave those pain in the ass little kids at home. Exactly.
Up and down all night. Although you don't have to understand one thing. You got to sympathize a little bit because the prices of the tickets for any sporting event or so. She can't afford a babysitter anymore. Well, that's the whole point of the kid next door. You know, get him to get in the house and want to two year old for whatever three hours.
Just deposit the two year old and dumpster on a way to the ballpark and have a good time. That's commonplace around here. I'm just this off about it because you know, of course, you know, you take good money to go to the game and every. I mean, I got to tell you no no exaggeration.
50 times I got up last night. Hey, that's one of the main reasons I stopped going to Marlon and to Dolphin games. Not just because of the fact that it was so ponderous, but it's you know, when you consider home and watch it for free in the comfort of your own house.
And it's such an unenjoyable event between the parking. It's a schlepper to parking and and then the people behave like a bunch of assholes. How can you enjoy it?
Well, it's one thing if you're getting up and down like between the things when nothing's going on. I got a problem with that. But when there's a guy at that and you know, you got 16 people on it's the same people every half hour getting up and down. It's just a pan. Yeah. Amen.
Have a nice day. Good luck. Well, yeah, we sure got the most knowledgeable sportsman. Hey, you think that and leave on to win 30 games this year? Yeah.
What what do these people know about you know, I'm going to tell you what they know about here suffering. We know about misery and suffering because those of us who are here, we do it every minute of every single day of our lives.
And who taught us about suffering? The old people taught us about suffering. I want to congratulate all you old parts out there because your motto is misery loves company. And I think you accomplished what you set out to do years ago.
Those of you are and a lot of those people are in the ground now, but they still are smiling. Their cadavers are got a big smile on their foot from ear to ear because they came down here to make air. All the rest of us is miserable as they work and they've succeeded.
You old parts. You old. 20. That also began with an app. 23 before noon at 560 WQA shooting a scene. Hey guys, yeah, what do you think about my breasts? You think you know, they look okay? You think my nipples need to be hard? Maybe a little ice.
Yeah, maybe about my bowl. She think my bulge is okay. Oh, yeah, forget about your ball. What do you think about my half of my half? Oh, your head looks nice. All right, it's going to be great for a scene. Oh, yeah, your nipples are wrecking now. Oh, yeah, I.
I'm so good. I forgot my lines. We have a talk. I can't stop. I just figured out during a 36 seconds of that thing runs a David McCallum as the anti crisis. He's got to be.
I mean, David Hasselhoff. Well, they're the same guy. No, David Hasselhoff is the anti crisis. He is so annoying. David McCallum used to be on what was that show with Robert Culp? Come on real quick. Real quick. David McCallum and Robert Culp and was it ice by? That was.
What's the guy like him do it out there with all those young hot bodies? I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know
I don't know. Okay? Female and male, too. By the way, I should ask. What's he doing out there better ask your friend, a boyfriend, David Sharvey. I won't see him no more. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes.
Nail. You're going to cross Pandemonian, and the, uh, stock market. That's right. Just look at the power. I got man. Nail, I have a much bigger problem in the stock market I don't have any money. Yeah.
But I have a bigger problem when you know something pretty soon will all be in the same boat
We can all smile to each other and say hey, how's it feel?
crappy I got a huge problem big max gonna break the record yes, I do I
Think they're both gonna break the record. I think I should be there to
Your representative of IOD to see it to be representative of one no IOD
Okay, go go ahead and call them. I'll be giving some tickets if they're still in business. Are they still on the year?
Huh? Does anybody know? No, does anybody care? No
We have an open line and date one and browners five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line
It's 1109 if Q a m if you feel you
He started out a regular guy who joined the directory
And made the ultimate sacrifice in bracing
See
Oh
As time went by this earthly needs compromise his choice
It found a way to get really by altering young boys
Father
Right
Hey, it was happy you get till he got caught by some title
Then the Vatican paid everyone off and he didn't have to go to jail
Father
Oh
They sent him to a priest retreat where they genulect and pray
If it was you or it was me
Guess up and throw the keys away
Hey
Oh
Altering
Hey
Oh
It's 1114 at 560 WQM
I'm going to tell you one thing if things get really rough today
I'm going to read the entire weekly world news on here today
Thank God I brought these good tabloids in that's where you find out the good stuff like the weekly wheel
A weird news. See the national acquire always tells you that everything that they write as outrageous as it is
They verify and it's all for real weekly world news, you know that everything that centers a bunch of crap
But it's a lot more entertaining like the picture of Bubba on the front cover this week
With the black eye and a scar on the nose and the front page headline Clinton was heavy makeup died injury
Did Hillary give bill a black eyes what it says? Uh-huh first lady hits president and face with a cell phone over Monica
Sources say
There you go she butched up big time from the Janet Reno school of beating the crap out of you
Oh, that's a lovely picture to you know something. I saw him
He was making that most recent speech whichever one it was one of his last two 300 speeches. He made and he's he does
He's got makeup on it and the i2
Here's the lady in Miami. Hello
Yes, ma'am. Hi, I just want to let you in a little secret when women get together
They're worse than men they talk about yeast infections and then comes out of here and welcome better there
Maybe a little bit for rather you talk about that. Yeah, let's talk about yeast infections
You talk about something really disgusting. You know what my hello?
Climidia. Let's talk about that for hours
My boyfriend's outside painted a mailbox and I just wanted to say hello
Okay, I'm listening right now. I'm cleaning out good
And the mailbox and the box too. Okay, have a great day
Clean out that box good pal
The mailbox too. Yeah, see she was getting close getting warm. So to speak
We have an open line. Yeah, let's talk about Climidia. How that's something Elizabeth can probably relate to
Let's talk about disgusting growing bulging yeast infections in places where it's illegal in Utah
Yeah, right now that see that's disgusting
That is nauseating and disgusting. I would be the first one to tell you know if I see a
But I mean like a bruised rectum recommend that's disgusting. There's nothing disgusting about that
As long as you're a sanitary person and you do those things that are required to stay sanitary
Use your tux or your uh
Charmin or whatever you I said tux or your bidet or your bidet or if you're real extra sanitary
You're your splash in that thing man. Keep it a nice and sanitary. It doesn't have to be disgusting and dirty
Although in your case Elizabeth maybe that's the problem. Maybe Elizabeth's got a very unsanitary rectum
Maybe that's the problem with air pember primes. When in doubt. Let's go make her clean it out
I'll leave that to you. Oh here's mr. St. Louis. All of a sudden which you know he'd come out of the work day of the cop
Yes, how you doing Neil okay
Maybe she has more yeast than wholesome and I got a I got a question for you
I heard a lot of the announcers talking over the weekend about MVP for the uh for the year. Yes throwing away around a few names
Yes, Mark McGuire has no chance. Okay. Here's my question. Would you embrace Galaraga?
Would you consider it for the team or for what they've done for baseball?
It's never worth it. What they've done for baseball
You're reaching and stretching so hard that that's not what the MVP's all about
I understand. I mean so similar
I don't think it's kind of crappy team that doesn't go anywhere. It's never going to be the MVP and McGuire is not going to get it
I'll come to everybody's a cardinal fan now. I don't get it. They're not they're not
It's got the cardinals are a crappy team with no pitching and nobody cares about that. They're McGuire fans
That's all they want to see something great happen. They want them to do it
So do you think it's better that crappy complexion than that neck that looks like
He ran into a chainsaw
So you think so, it's them a choir but basically stays the state of sports this year
I wouldn't say they saved this for the sugar generation of interest in an otherwise lacklust a year
And the and the wild card which some assholes are opposed to by the way that also helped save this for because if weren't for the wild card
What interest would there be you got the braves and the Yankees all these other teams five million games ahead the Indian
What the hell race would there be? You're right about that. You know go to the right is playing
Graeme's in San Diego
Mochelle lose playing kick kick
Yes, they're more she'll lose right in there too. He's and there's not it's not a slap in the push
You've got it. He's shot. Moichi a Lou would that be a slap in Wayne's push
Well, you know
Not playing in Miami. Maybe they would give it to Moichi and you notice how guys X marlins like Trevor Hoffman and Kevin Brown and Moichi a Lou
All these X marlins are having like career seasons this year not only are they having great years
But they're having career years now that they got out of here. They may have repeated this year who knows
But in closing just to make it short
There's no tag in handcuffs. Okay. See. Yeah. That's for sure
We have an open line in the two of them in day five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line
How about it sammy so some mark McGuire let's take an office pool, huh?
Well, go they're playing pocket pool is that what they're doing right in front of mark McGuire's locker looking to see what's in there
I saw that guy from AP they had him on yesterday
Well, I saw the can of spinach. I thought that was cute and then I saw the
The sugarless gum next to it and at least mark McGuire ain't chewing that chewing tobacco like all these other athletes a poor role model
And then I just happen to see that bottle. Yeah, right
Get a bottle and drinking get out of our face
Something you buy in a guy named health food store over the counter just like all these credence taking cretin and all this stuff
And it's a supplement that you buy in a health food store
And thank God that that's pretty much washed away another they keep sitting these Titanic gigantic home runs
People are like forgetting all about that because they're getting wrapped up in the euphoria and let me say it again
Let's hear it for Fox losing all that money
A rupert Murdoch you jackass you right wing lunatic
Here's a western hello
And Neil hang in there you got about two and a half hours to go hey, I'll get there man
I've had worse experiences than this you're not on any fucking survive a blues back. Go you can survive almost anything
You're not on to Brian norcross. I think yet
See the problem with Brian norcross he wants. I don't want to get on that home depot stock in his 401k. Oh, no, it is
And you know if he if he threatens us with a hurricane, you know what the stock stock does now
He's just got a massive guy them ego that little Brian
He's like all those little people man
He's just the guy that inferiority complex and he's trying to be a big mega star now if we could just have one more big hurricane
He could double that contract didn't they change it to an anchor before he ought to be an anchor on a queen
Miriam believe me you can hear they would probably fly not just float it would fly
Did you see the parliament and Russia rejected uh, yes, I just got you telling that all you did and the reason being that the communist and all these other people
That are like negotiating they don't want to make an agreement right away. They want to have they they're all playing
They're negotiating listen one last time they want more to the government. They want this they want that they want their peace
They want some of that IMF money that everybody's split enough
whoever put money in Russia
Had the deserves getting their ass burnt exactly. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. See yeah
So it'll be census I've very okay if they could afford a plane ticket to get there. Well set them on northwestern
We have two open lines and date one and brodered five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line
On an incredibly depressing day here 31st of august once we get this august out of the way then
It's gonna be clear sailing baby then look out for us
Once we get this damn augusto out of the way and this is the last day this awful Monday
By the way, I sure hope George is a good job next Monday because then he can work out just about every Monday because I think calling in sick on money
Sounds like a real good idea to me. Oh, yeah
There you go. You got to get a break him in slow. Okay, so start him on a day when it's a real challenge on Mondays
All the next Monday of course be a holiday nobody will be working in general those holidays are pretty good
Plus of course they'll all be calling into bust his balls
Here's Hollywood hello
Hey, you know how you doing, buddy. Okay, sir. Hey, I want to let you know that you know
I listen to you every day and I think you run a great show
You're the only person in this whole crappy station. I listen to good. I hate sports
And I mean it is atrocious, you know, I never watch sports nothing
But I think it's really sad that they're with their with their guy. He said it's sad. George is raising an eyebrow
The guy said shed
So I think it's terrible that they're trying to take all the mark McGuire has accomplished away from it
Just because he's take some some crappy vitamin. I was watching
I was flipping through the channels and there was a show with these four idiots on there who oh
He he brought up the comment and each one of these lunatics gets their turn to think about it
And he's saying oh, I think guy, you know, I'd like to see Sammy so to do it instead and this and that and I just can't believe it
This guy goes in the gym even told me to roost his coach
He said look he's in the gym working out every day. He signs on a girl for the kid
And what about that fast blob babe route this guy took all kinds of drugs and stuff
But he was drinking booze he was drinking all kinds of whiskey and beer he was a a notorious
Guzzler of booze and that was during prohibition
He was not only drinking all that booze, which was bad role model, but he also was breaking the law
And no one wants to go see the marlins you can offer me even take us in a dugout and I won't take them right
I wouldn't go to see those guys for nothing exactly
I think the more I can't stand the motor. Okay. There's a guy knows nothing about sports
Well, he said he's full of a bolt crap is what he said bull shot
We have two open lines in day one and brown at five six seven
In fact, maybe we can get leave under will open Dan La Bastard from the herald that would be a match made in heaven
And they could all they can uh get on a banana boat somewhere
However Cuban were both Cuban and they could embrace and we'll never see him again
Hey Eddie, I think leave on's gonna win a hundred games this season
You think the models will ever win another game Eddie. No, sorry
I'll tell you one thing they sure got a hundred losses. Looked real easy now
At one point there when they had those three weeks where they got hot for a little bit
It looked like just maybe they might avoid the embarrassment of losing a hundred games
Especially right on the hills of winning
But they already have broken the record for the worst season ever for a world championship team the following year
They've broken that record let's hear it
The amazing part I don't want to talk about it because nobody cares
But I was gonna say the amazing part of it is with all these kids they got even with the injuries
They still score a lot of runs they got kids that are hitting the Floyd's out of control out of his mind
But they got no pitching none no matter how big the lead is is it ever big enough for them? No
25 past 11 at five Donnie B from six to six thirty and we got the orange here and won the cartoon character the booster
630 to seven to pregame show to set up the big ones out of night and the marlins and the angels with Joe and Dave seven oh five tonight
The
The marlins and what did I say the angel and the cardinals?
Well, what there is to make what team it is the marlins and mark McGuire excuse me excuse me
If you want a great k pal two open lines and Dave one and brow at five six seven oh five sixty pound five
Six I guess this guy likes lesbians. Okay. That's okay. If you love lesbians. That's fine. We don't have any lesbians. Hi me. Hello
Neil. Yes, sir. No, it's a funny thing that's part of the call about Howard
I had something kind of on the line them on that segway
Howard king of our media but near
No, okay, in other guy with no material date County wide open in fact this guy was already on hold when the other guy
Before it's proving what I said no material nothing zippity dude on nada we better play on real but Shelley for three hours the two and a half hours
All we got left
Here you go right up to two o'clock
Yeah, me so what is that me so horny with Larry King
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line is there anybody in date Cutty left
No, you ever get off the banana boat. No, you're just getting on and leaving. No
Damn it. Here's a mobile in Delray Beach. Hello
Hey Neil. How are you okay, sir? You think it's all down there. I just drove through Delray Beach on several highway
They got a George Bush boulevard. You know that no, I did not it's unbelievable
There's nobody on the road. I think the whole thing the whole town is dead
What do you call it? The guy was called with you are a car stack about me Bruce
Doing drugs. I think they did do drugs. If you ever watch his old films, they all look like they're on cocaine running around
Okay, thank you, sir. Okay. We have an open line and date one and brown or five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line
I'm gonna tell you one thing guys
I'm simulating here. I'm sitting here. I'm on fire in this audience this crowd today
You sound like the biggest bunch of dead heads your material about as funny as cancer of the knee cat and
Pathetic in fact, I'd rather sit here and talk about my bruise rectum for four hours than listen to these calls. We're getting here today
Just pathetic
How about granny and her implants granny got a boob job. She's 78 now. She's dead. How do you like that granny?
Is 78 she's day, but she didn't have big boobs in fact they couldn't even get the guy then cancer closed
Oh god, here's a mobile in the Palm Beach. Hello
Hello, Neil. Yes, sir
Yes, sir. I was wondering if you heard Mr. Mendes from Saturday morning defendant Jimmy Johnson
No, I did not
Jason Thomas in the fourth quarter. No, I did not here. He is the starter
She personnel at defensive advantage playing in the fourth quarter
How about you till green how about the fact that he forced him to play when they were
He had no business using many exhibition games. How about that?
See Jimmy don't know make no mistakes. It's all the sports writers fault
Yes, we do have both those sports writers in this town, but Jimmy don't make mistakes
And like I said he can belly it can he can give me the beat but I'm open get all in sense to make all kinds of comments about the writers
But in the meantime now now the exhibition seasons all over with okay. That was very nice and they're looking real good
And this and that everybody's all with the ex exhibition games mean very very little in any sport and especially football
Now that the real season starts after all the hype after all the hair after all the opening of the big mouth after
It's saying he wouldn't do his coaches show on four because you don't want to do it with Joseph Gackie
Which we can understand because he wants to be under with Tony sucking his ass on channel six every week
Now let's see me. They're put up for shut up. Okay, Jimmy
So all of any scapegoats don't blame the media. It's the the ball is in your courts. We hard. So let's see what you got
Where we going? Let's go to Fort Lauderdale. Hello
Hey, Neil, I'm doing point story today and it makes me sick because you know what that lady Elizabeth who wrote you that letter? Yeah
Okay, I bet you the charity has him Roy's and I bet you she already has a pain in the ass
And that's why she is a pain in the ass and okay
Oh, and this guy's talking about the other colors. Okay sir
Can you win the award you want it? He got a worst call in the history of this show right there
Can you think of anybody that comes even close anybody? No worst the worst the most desperate. I mean trying so hard
To be entertaining amusing to hear this is the most vacuous place. What in God's name am I doing here?
What am I doing here? Why did I waste that first 35 minutes this morning spewing out all the good stuff?
I'll tell you why because you killed a good 35 minutes
There you go
We have an open line and date five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line
Jesus God and Joseph
Market is down 19 young points the dialed an Aztec's down 58
Here's the guy over there in Europe. That's always talking to China about the uh, let's see how they're doing over there
Oh great. Okay, more bad news. Don't worry about it. It's only money
It's only money for crowd out loud. Huh all the money in the world is not going to repair a bruise
Unbelabel. No bruise. Beckham. That's right. Bruce David Paul
Hey, listen, you think for for this crowd I'm gonna reach all the way over there and hit the
Beckham right guy damn button
Now it is kind of response. Maybe if we get some kind of response here today, I might worry about which button I'm hitting
Yeah, there you go
You want a great pair of shoes brandy shoes is where you're gonna find all the top brands the lowest prices in the world sales people
Really know your feet in other words, they're gonna fit you up exactly with the right size
And you're gonna walk around with there with a big smile on your pussy because you can't buy a greater pair of shoes
It better saving anywhere in the universe that it brandy's megastore with over 6,000 square feet and over 30,000 pair of top name brand
Men's and women's famous shoes. In fact, they got them all they got flour shion Bostonian top-siders parks
They got dexter mefisto echo hush puppies
Brandy's is your largest retailer of great rock ports using the entire state of Florida
And if you have a big big gigantic feet or even little teeny tiny embarrassing feet
Makes no problem because Brandy's curious you're hard to fit sizes
And if they don't have in stock what you're looking for they order it for you with no extra charge
So if you want a super looking and fitting pair shoes
This is the place Brandy's at 1290 federal highway in poppano where you can drive right up to the front door
You can call him at 9.5.4
9.4.396.67 do yourself a big favor in your feet too get your next grade pair of shoes at Brandy's it's unbeatable
This is 5.60
U.A.L
When it comes to healthcare
Everybody wants to be covered but everybody thinks that somebody else is problem
And everybody wants it to be affordable
But everybody also wants the world's best health care
The doctors don't want to make less money the trial lawyers don't want to stop suing the doctors
The insurance companies don't want to pay off for lawyers
And the public doesn't want to pay back the insurance companies in higher premiums
When the doctors lose to the lawyers when maybe they shouldn't even have been sued in the first place
So where does it all end?
Well a good place to start would be by not putting mom and pop and other businesses out of business by having their employees
sued them when the insurance companies and the lawyers and the doctors and the HMOs and the politicians don't deliver health care is promised
If you make business liable for everybody else's problems eventually the real losers will be us the patients
again
So call 80811 8057 and say no to the Kennedy bill
80811 8057
Say no to increased health care costs
This has been paid for by the business roundtable
American computer traders where they buy
Sell and trade new and use computer high. Hi, I'm Joel the owner of American computer traders
We made a major purchase I can save you lots of money. It's our super
Summer for super savings about monitors starting at $65 how about no-for-computer starting at $125
How about 46 computers starting at $150 how about printing and computers starting at only $495
How about that we sell new computers as well as used how about that we're open evenings for your convenience
How about even greater savings that are computer flea markets tell every Saturday at American computer traders
How are we able to pass tremendous savings along to you?
Well, we're in established family owned business not a franchise
We refurbish our warehouse or equipment so you don't have to wait and we do not pay commissions to our sales people
So you come first super
Summer at American computer traders
1100 East O'Conn Park full of art in Fort Lauderdale come in today or call us at 954 566 8 5 5 0
Where do you find Joe Rose?
Jeff Barrett and Steve Goldstein the first team right where you got it sports radio 560
AM nobody
Reporters you more
Let my
Oh
Cuz when I hear you sing it take me grimace
You make it seem so wrong
You can't think you're like North and that guy named I wish I had a gun
One of these days you might write your own song
And then money won't kill
It's 1142 at 560 W2M the world weekly news has got some of a staggering stuff for all you religious nuts out there for all you crazy people
Jesus died from a heart attack says expert in Turin Italy in Turino
Marks on the shroud of Turin reveal that Jesus died of a heart attack says a new study by a forensic scientist
Is this guy real scientist?
Sure on top of fatigue the pain of 19 hours of torture dehydration and asphyxiation from being crucified
Jesus had a coronary professor
Parallel Parallel Luigi Baloney said
Pier Luigi sorry excuse me
Miss me uh scoozy
Professor Baloney performed a postmortem by studying the shroud of Turin Christ burial call if that isn't good enough for you
In Seattle, Washington a respected doc another respected doctor has confirmed reports that a 22 year old pregnant woman is definitely a virgin sparking rumors
That Jesus Christ is about to be reborn
All right
Here is a 22 year old pregnant woman who is definitely a virgin
People are working themselves at a state of hysteria over this is Dr. Charles Sontaggi the unidentified mother's position
I can assure you that other than the fact of this young woman is medically a virgin
There is nothing remarkable about her yet for weeks people have camped out in front of my orifice hoping for a glimpse of the second virgin Mary
News of the miracle pregnancy spread after doctors Sontaggi wrote an article on the case in a medical urinal and extensive
excerpt was imprinted in a widely circulated church newsletter and now thousands of the vout
Historical crazy Christians are flocking here from around the country eager to be on hand for the birth of the new Messiah
To protect the privacy of his patients doctor. By the way, how can there be a new Messiah
Huh we're expecting one aren't we I mean you
I mean you
I thought he was coming back on a motorcycle
I think it was gonna be an imposter not a new one. Oh, maybe this one's a clone. Maybe it's Dali
To protect the privacy of his patients doctor Sontaggi has had to move his orifice and get an unlisted phone number
He said with a sigh it'll be a relief when this whole thing blows over as what he said
Said a local Baptist minister until a child is born. We won't know for sure
But they determined the beyond a shadow of it out. She has never had sexual intercourse. It's a freaking miracle
It's a spontaneous birth
It's a freaking virgin
Here's Miami. Hello
Anil yes, sir. Yeah, yesterday I'm there. They have a bad waiting for your show at the 30th watch is pretty good
And then he left on the clock to go man
The guy damn Bobby Bowden show and again they don't even tell us that we're not gonna be on these people are whammy man
They got some guy damn nerve. They just plop they plop the thing on there whatever they feel like it
And if they got any it's anything else to stick on that they might get a couple bucks for uh, we're preempted
I mean wouldn't it be nice if I could come on a year like last week and say oh by the way for those who watch on Sunday
Be sure watch 10 30 because we won't be on to 11 anymore when it be I said they would tell us now they can't be bothered
The best day it was Sunday when they play you for a full hour right but no
They can't have a good time when nose picking redneck Bobby Bowden that everybody hates like poison and rightfully so
Exactly also on the mark my wire thing. Yeah, everybody's seen no he shouldn't have been kicked out because all the home run or whatever
In baseball there's there's no preference
Just like in basketball. There's no preference. Don't tell us to Steve Stone
Okay, we have an open line and date five six seven oh five sixty prompt five sixty on the mobile one line
Yeah, you people at whammy boy, you got some nerve dealing around with everybody show
They stick this over here and of course the audience is the audience have any idea what anything that's gonna be on no
Did the audience have any idea the Bobby Bowden show was gonna be on no?
It's just like you know bush league would be a compliment
Makes Q.A.M. Look like a real professional outfit, which is a real joke
Here's the mobile in Miami. Hello
I'm not any on you doing markets down one fifty four and moving fast. Yes, sir
Gonna continue to go down until it's 200 again today unfortunately 200 it'll hit two hundred by twelve thirty
Oh really no really a hundred and fifty four
Oh, it'll be yeah, it'll keep on going down. I'll be surprised. I'm not gonna be surprised if it's down by two hundred by two hundred point and
Let me say again maybe a two hundred by twelve thirty, but anyway. Yeah, they say it's a long-term correction
Well, no, what does that mean long-term correction? What does that mean well for a long for a long time?
They've been expecting this kind of a market correction and you believe that I don't know
I don't believe anything that's just what they say they don't have any idea
They came on here all these experts this morning between nine and nine thirty predicting today was gonna bounce
It was gonna go way up and they were bouncing up and down like rubber ball
They know what they're talking about. What are you gonna understand that's where they have no idea what they're talking about
It's bouncing but it's bouncing way down right I wanted to thank you for the
Andre Pachelli C.V. and I really appreciate that and I had a friend over a female friend and she loved it too
She's very impressive. So I really appreciate a great weekend. Okay from you, but and also you can talk about your butt anytime. Okay
My buddy bud. Oh bud. Oh, so anyway, here's our president the honor in the education roundtable in the herndon virginia
Get America at the finest
Anywhere
With students when they think they're the best in the world and they have made us very strong
Oh, don't say it again president Clinton talking to Ellen. Yes, it's terminal. Okay, even they came because they don't want them on here
I'm so get it off
Two open lines and date five six seven oh five sixty pump. I said why don't you do something productive?
Bubba before we go to Russia tell everybody to go out and buy some stock. Okay, Latin buy screaming. Yeah, jump up on down on the table
Buy or to hold them worlds going into crap or come on Bubba do something good
Here's a mobile in Hollywood. Hello
Are you ready to meet me on the rick and back of cause way and jump yet new? Yes
Yeah, me too. No, I'm not I'm not gonna panic
No, that's because you have a lot more money than I do and that's why I'm panicking I guess all my money's tied up
Just like anybody else's it's all tied up in this crap
Yep, well, yeah, it's all funny money and I've said for years
I always thought when I didn't have any money used to make fun of people invested in the stock market
I would always tell them it's like going to the racetrack. It's just a gamble
They'd look at me like oh, what do you know you little piece of crap and I think they're right
I think the racetrack's a better
Entertainment anyway, they put on a good show for you. Yeah
Hey, you're gonna be outside blockbuster at midnight tonight waiting for your first copy of Titanic. Oh, yeah
I'm gonna wait for Leo to show up and drag
I
Got a question for you
Why all the venom towards Jimmy now where four years ago you're one of the biggest the cheerleaders
Because I thought he was gonna do a great job in it
But you know something your guy gets only so many chances and he keeps blaming everybody else
I think it's time now to put up her shut up so far he hasn't done a damn thing
All right, that team shouldn't have even made the playoffs last year for warrant for real bad calling that jets to the track game
The team went about had a chance to be uh-huh
I'm not down now. You're right. They wouldn't have had a chance to be embarrassed and humiliated for a second
We can't a row by the patriots in a playoffs last year. So I know it's either put up her shut up now Jimmy
Yeah, I know. I mean, it's yeah, I just I don't like this thing and he's got he's got such an imperious attitude man
That's why I don't he's a hard ass
Well, I can't take even this huh?
Everybody knows he's a cocky bastard. Yeah, he can't take even a little bit of criticism, you know, and uh
He's good though. I mean, I
Well, let's see let's wait and see
Exactly. We gotta give him the end of the show before he really criticized him. So okay, he would have
And they're gonna have a lot of time. Okay. Have a great life
Tenby for the guy says give him a chance to lose like a nine or ten games that will say goodbye
Open line and powered five six seven oh five sixty
Palm five sixty on a mobile one line the Dow is down. It's now he raced the year today gains the Dow
Like even for the whole year. Okay, all those big gigantic gains up to nine three hundred. It's all gone
Bye-bye kiss it bye-bye and if you hopped on some of that stuff late like some of us did well
Don't hang yourself don't go blow your brains out just because only money
It's only money
It'll make it come back someday
Moan it
Okay, let's go to Miami hello. Hello, Neil. Yes. How you doing for a sound car? Okay, Neil
I wanted to ask you about this hot band trade what you think and uh, what pot band trade the uh with Toronto
There isn't any trade. There isn't any trade they keep writing all these articles, you know
See, I know this sounds ridiculous
But when something happens then they should write about it
But all these people I keep predicting and they're talking about a beat
When Brian Marie is able to do something which so far he has done nothing when he's able to do something
Then I'll be glad to hear about it, but so far talk pop is cheap. I don't know if it's better to get pot band
Or just to get rid of need or my with all his concussions and everything well, so who's gonna be the goal tender
Well, we don't have any I mean if Toronto is stupid enough to take a robby need a bar and give away a Felix pot band
Is a hell of a damn good goalie by the way a lot better and most people realize if he plays him for with any defense in front of him
If Toronto's that dull and they probably are and I should know better than anybody then they ought to grab for it
They had her what do it? Well, do you know how much pot band makes?
Because that's about three million okay point that was the big thing is they didn't want to pay
These are four point five, but yeah, I'm gonna pay him three. I mean, what's the difference? Well, they offered rich your five million
Yeah
All right, well in closing deal they thought of sports parking
Okay
We have an open line in date and one inbroward five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line
That's right tomorrow September one
Which means the rookie camp opens the fifth
Uh camp full camp opens September 12 and well sometime the next few years I'm supposed to get my last
tour my last
Look see if the a new arena before they finally start with the first exhibition is game in there
And I understand the arena is just even more sensational on it was before it's magnificent
It's fantastic. How about a team to go in here? Can we get a real team? No, I don't think so don't look like it
Now you're asking for a little bit too much and especially with the market crashing the way it is
I mean Wayne, you know all that stock. He's got that in worth a craft
You know expecting to go out there and spend his harder and money after all these years. He's
You know
Of gouging the public to spend a lot of money on some stupid hockey team
He's got to watch his peas and cues now baby and they got that mortgage today right? Sorry. That's right in those both times man
Here's a mobile in high alia. Hello
Hello, yes, sir
I think I never phone got caught. Okay, coming on a real phone. You're right the phone did suck
Well, there's a guy Lee there's a guy who at least is honest enough to admit that he's on a crappy phone
And isn't trying to you know what I'm saying?
We get people on crappy phones and they think that I should talk them for 20 minutes while nobody can hear him nice
Go answer congratulations
One open line indeed one in power five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line
We got a virgin Mary and Seattle Washington
We got a virgin Mary on the side of a bank building up in Pensacola
Virgin Mary Rose Lofes is house on the 13th of every month Eden, Toteena pizza
What the hell more can you want we got about your crazy people all over the world with this religious crap
I say now that the world economy is inside fallin out of such hard times
Let's force all the religious institutions to liquidate their holdings all of this art all of those big buildings
All these shrines to agree to this stupidity. Let's gobble up all those billions in dollars
Sound the problem by the by would say next Monday morning
Huh come on. Let's do it right now
Here's hope sound hello
Yes, Neil God. Yes, I am
Hey, I think you need to weigh that magic wand here is to stop this big stock clutch. Yeah, can't do it
I am an Isaac have erased all their year today gains
I just put the flash on there on CNBC did now and then as that car back to where we started back on December 31 last year
That's right, and I just think it was ironic right next to Clinton's head there
Why was given a big speech about the both-faring Russia's economy are stocked and dropping nearly 200 points a minute?
Yeah, I think it's a Republican conspiracy. I think big Newton's got something to do with it's just
On it just before the election
They're gonna come out with that can't star report in the market's gonna go into turmoil and the economy
Which is the one thing the Democrats had going for the economy is in a crapper. I think it's the fixes in and tomorrow
We both all those right wingers are sorry selling like raya, but who cares about that? That's a little league stuff
I detect a little purple shoe around his eye there
Yeah, make up, and he's also got that oozing stool. Roy! Hey, I tell you that's
Business news here. They're the only ones there place at the disclaimer about on the screen telling you the
Warning that this program may be hazardous to your health. Mm-hmm. It's gonna look good
But I haven't got any in the market. I'm happy about that. Congratulations, sir. You're gonna sleep a lot better at night
And I haven't seen Titanic and I'm not getting a video. All right
Thank you. Okay. There's a guy that's a happy camper and for a lot of good reasons why
We have two open lines in brown one and date five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line
On a day that will live in infamy make no mistake about that
That will really live in infamy this day for me
Market is down to dial 156 and as that is down
76 which is the equivalent of uh
76 that's the equivalent of three hundred eighty points
Just for those who keep track
Not a pretty picture boys and girls
You know, there's nothing as important your button Neil Roger show now on five sixty
WQAM Miami Port Lauderdale. Oh god Neil
Oh
To
On doby somehow you always knew that he was a great big smoking man. His hits were strong and true
Without a lot of gotcha he would know what to do. He would know what to do
The times they started getting rough. This tiny buzz was tossed
If not for the courage of the old male man his package would be lost
His package would be lost and then the police came knocking just this
Gilligan began to smile and down Gilligan
The bag of weed
All little cocaine and a pie
A water ball
Enough to put in in jail all on Gilligan's pie
Oh
Prop note at five sixty WQM boy look at us. We got a box of videos here to give away
And I have no idea where they're from there's no note inside
There's no one what do you laugh at about there's nothing on here
There is absolutely nothing in this box but a bunch of adult videos
Huh this would be a what a perfect day for it to I wish that we would have had this antenna clock
We might have to go through those first two excruciating hours
But you know something they're gone now
Those two hours are gone. They're behind us put it behind you okay
You know what I mean Elizabeth back home. Oh not that behind
Put it in the past because it's gone those hours those minutes have ticked away
And now we have an hour and fifty-nine minutes to go but who's counting
Man too many of those cigars they're great but too many okay sorry
The Dow is down 131 the Nasdaq 69 little bit of a momentary comeback. Don't get too worked up. It's looking bad
Okay, what do we got now? Can we show these on
Why not
Come on you have to put like little you have to have a dark them out
That's what we'll have to do we can't get like real living and breathing naked people in here
Oh, that's Peter North look at that stop or my bomb will shoot is what it says scored squirt here you go Peter North
Stop or my bomb will shoot
That Peter North baby
Talk about your straight shooter here's all this is gonna get Elizabeth all upset
Uh, but blasted bimbo's
As in recommend right
What blasted bimbo what's wrong what what do you give me like you can't show that what kind of but what kind of a pussy channel
Are we working for anyway huh?
I thought this was supposed to be like cutting edge huh the only thing they're cutting is crap
And that too
Now what's this oh
Well, can we say the name of this huh beat your
In my face can we say we can't say that any your huh
Can't say that oh
Oh, here's a good one my girl sucks and look at that bubbles in this one. Oh
Yeah, my girl sucks
Oh, look at all these these what am I doing with this I'm gonna have a goddamn uh oh
God
Okay, what the hell do these come from by the way
This is amazing just it's like an active uh god isn't it it's an active
On a day like this when we're dying and we knew we were gonna die because this is the day when people are sent in the kids back to school
And it's a Monday and it's like the demoral coming back from vacation
God i'm getting a little choked up. Oh my god. This this must be a doggy one, huh
Very your bone in my
I can't say that
Well, no can we say that?
Okay, a blasteter says it. It's okay very your bone well, you know
Every dog has his day
Stuff my uh gaping oh my god
Oh, this must be this must be from the doorky shop
Stuff my hot gaping holes. You're looking for glory holes. Oh those kind of okay
How to spew now wait a minute oh how to spew your goo like a pro this is like for people I like are
At the almost blue uh, yeah factory
How to spew your goo like a pro
What
Oh
No London bridges came crumbling the now a little bit. It's really gonna be parked off. Can I say that?
She is pissed. That's disgusting
Drain my hot hose dry from the firefighters of america right into your home
Okay
slam your wang in my oh
This is kind of like that old beat voice. So uh song remember in my womb
You know
Where's this like an oriental one?
Slime your wang
Okay, and then there's uh last but not least. Oh here you go see each your heart out howard we got dikes
Even janitor we know to be impressed with this piece
lesbian tongue lashing
That's right. Okay, I mentioned that alcohol when Janet finishes with that investigation
He's gonna get a lesbian tongue lashing guaranteed
So I guess we can forget about america's adultery epidemic. That's next in the world weekly news
Forget about that now. We got some heavy-duty crap to give away that should kill the next hour and 56 minutes if I'm in good enough mood to give it away
What are we gonna do with all this stuff see this what is is this a radio station or what here? No
Don't have enough room. I couldn't fart. I don't have room to squeeze it in here. It's so goddamn tight in this joint
That's one thing I'll say for paxny maybe a liar in a phony and a grave robber
But at least the guy built us a beautiful studio then we had enough room to do something
This I got stuff pile up. I either got the phone or I got the coffee when you got to have the coffee because we got to get the spots on right
Beautiful. Okay, we got the phones all lit up, but I can't I can't reach the lines. Okay, so I guess I can't to give any of these away or take any calls
Because I can't reach the goddamn phone line to punch him up
See this is life in this goddamn radio station. Okay, and then poor tree comes down from engineering this morning and Jim Crawford
And he was giving us a song of whoa about these people here and about we don't even know what year we're gonna get those new studios build upstairs
But there he had big drill he had a portable drill in his hand. I think he was not as way to see Greg read
He said I'm gonna see if I can drill like maybe one or two more matching ones in his head
And of course, how could you tell? Okay, let's go to I can't reach it
Here's Miami. Hello
Okay, thank you
Let's go to a key lago hello
Hey, Neil. How you doing? Okay, there must have been Stan major. Okay, sir
Uh listen, I'm glad you were talking about the end of summer and you're right. It only means one thing. Yeah, I keep season
Yeah, that's all it's about with nine from Toronto. I just want to tell you about this possible pot band deal
We got a new stadium going on there as well the air Canada center to open like February 20th. Yes against
And why do you tell me that like I don't know I've seen your Canada center many times sir right down here by the sky dome
Yeah, it's not not looking too bad actually got a twirve a couple days ago, but um anyway you got a tour any inside?
Yeah, I did because what they're doing is through everybody
They're screwing everybody for Steven thickets and when you go down to choose your new fee
Uh in the location they actually take you and show you where you'll be fitting now
The big decide to go ahead and charge the the high paid people at the ridiculous feet over gonna see a charge him or not
Yeah, what they've done is the screen the blue line yeah large center
I what they call lounges and what'll happen there is you actually have not a piece like
Ten feet in a section and you have a lounge underneath the feeding location where you can go and move it up
Between areas. Oh, there'll be a lot of echoing on this year. Oh definitely. I mean those things are running you from
300
500,000 first piece. Yeah, but that's Canadian so I'm gonna talk about 50 bucks American you can get one exactly your right
But what what's with this need of my deal is Toronto might can't come to this even though they got a great
Totally in Joseph pot man is a phenomenal goi when they give them a defense and we just the Joseph
Feel is useless to Toronto they have to do something but it's useless unless
They're able to get rid of pot man and get something
Offensive and uh right now
Oh, you're talking to Rob need him right he's offensive. I'll write put out in the sense of their looking for
He's a pussy
He's a pussy that's always injured that does figure eights out there. I mean Pavelle burry wants out of Vancouver
Peter Nedved is floating around in the middle of somewhere that somebody's gonna sign him
There's all these really great offensive players out there
And the best beliefs and Ken Dryden can and Mike Smith can come up with is gonna be Robbie need your mire for Christ's sake
Well Mike's method is a weasel drawing just yaps away in the pond is that or alone to see more spend a dollar
I mean the cheap faster
Well, they gave they gave Curtis Joseph six million bucks a year U.S
Yeah, and they're done if they shot their their can their load. Yeah, they're low. They're done
So I think unfortunately I think we're gonna have a long scene about that game. What's gonna be like last year
It's gonna be the leaps in the and the panther just side by side for a contest to see who's gonna be the worth and it's gonna be nip and tuck
In fact if that final game against Chicago
In if we start in the first one with much draw she makes very uh an interest
Okay, go leave school far soon yet
Robbie need to buy a botanian. That's an active desperation if they're gonna get that putt whacker
We have an open line and broard five six seven. What are you eating in there? Is that pizza or something?
What is that it's from Tony's it's a whole bunch of stuff
uh a whole bunch of stuff like what
Like the ravioli and the chicken paramedic me and Joe ordered and something that I would agree if you want it or not
What is it meatballs and sausage with cheese and sauce okay
Hey, listen, I'm Tonya man. It's a rough life to market. Oh look at the markets make it a little bit of a comeback
Don't jump yet. Oh, she's too late
We had one guy in a goddamn bridge over there in a certain anisee cause way just as yeah
I was just about to tell him too late just hit the guy dim water when I was sunny from the market
Ha, huh. By the way. Have you been by there lately? Oh
My god, well, I was up by the way to another time. No seriously. I was by by the way to the doctor a couple weeks ago and doctor mark
Where Sonny's market used to be I mean Papa John's is still there but generally speaking it's all ported up
And then where that little restaurant used to be there somebody knew is opening that thing up again
And for the 400 time and where that motel warehouse used to be I think that's all ported up
So that was sunny from the market just job sorry, Sonny
Do we have sunny in our thing by the way
Is old tribute to our friend to sonny was from Toronto come on where the hell is Sonny? Oh, we don't have it in there
God, thanks, honey. No, not that sonny you jack. Oh, yeah, what's sunny? First that jump. Oh, sorry, Sonny
20 and what is it? 29 what what is that number mean nine minutes past noon at five in Hollywood seven old gaming
From Tony okay 12 15 at five sixty WQ a.m
So I guess we won't have to go into the world weekly news article about America's adultery epidemic and all the warning signs that your husband is cheating and warning signs that your wife is cheating
For example warning stride your husband is cheating. He starts being secretive about clothing when he comes home
He quickly changes his clothes
He may be doing this tie tell tale lipstick stains or perfume odors or other scored score stains
Huh
As in that blue dress there you go
We don't have to do that although we do have an open line and date how can we have an open line today when we got all these great adult videos to give away
That came in that mysterious sub box with no note in it
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a 18t wireless line that goes to show you what desperate straits were in in Dave County doesn't it?
Does that show you? Uh-huh man. Oh man if there were only just just a few people at Spokane, listen Dave
That's a few I'm gagging on this I'm gagging on his big sausage
Where we going we're going to summer mobile invoking. Oh, I sell
Hello, yes, sir. How you doing? How to comment into a couple of comments number one you write the worst team
It's just gotten terrible absolutely awful you through it in that show you can enjoy it and she's gotten terrible
Gildey's voice. It's like a tutorial going right into my temple
I don't know what it's gonna take for them to finally get the message
It this could ought to be out the you know parking cars or something unbelievable the second thing is the stock market
I can't believe that idiot who just called and putty had nothing in the market
Gonna get a lot of good sleep not in 20 years when he's broke and the last thing a shameless shameless
Recreasing can I have one of those corners? Yeah
Well, what do you mean shameless request like I don't know that that's what everybody wants now
I'm gonna tell you one thing you can't have it until that other line of data lights up
I got about a dozen great videos here to give away all of which you have titillating titles if I can say that
Then I got an open line and date county on the board. That's not lit up. I know this is an impossible day here
It don't quite name that one about how to shoot your goo like a pro five six seven oh five six
Do you better hang on there pal five six seven oh five there? Okay? Is there somebody really on there or not?
Georgia it's out to this caller now. I know you're there just relax
Is there somebody on there? Is it a real caller what?
Because if it's not a real call. I don't want to start playing bushboss. It's somebody that wants something. Okay. Now. What do you want?
I'll take a you'll take anyone you'll take anyone I give you won't you yeah, but uh, you know Peter North
He showed Bill Clinton to stop or my bomb will shoot
That's the name of the movie pal the mom. I mean, I don't know my mom will shoot. Yeah
All right, I'll go for hang on you bet. Well, now you're getting picky or what?
No, I'm just saying like this guy. Okay. Well, he's thinking about it. I'll definitely take a nail
Thank you very much. Say thank you uncle Neil
Thanks uncle Neil. Okay, hold on. He didn't say too willingly. I should have really put and now I got mung on my shirt
Thanks to you, which is gonna show up on the TV show to go say oh my god. What a slump. What a fat slump. I'm gonna say yeah
Like I don't know that
Then they'll be showing fat Joey. Now what are you eating in there? Is he eating something that's not atkins by the way?
Yeah
Is that connected to chicken?
Is right next door to chicken farm? I think that's what that is. Oh, this sausage sliced like real a thin
Hmm thanks Tony. Who the hell is Tony's by the way?
Uh, right on the street. Do we know them? Do they love us? Do they yeah Brad at Tony's?
Hey, thanks Brad your stuff is great. In fact the Jeff Cohen you're really gonna put him to the test. I'll tell you that great stuff
Did we pay for it?
George did we have to pay for this? Oh
Like I said we didn't pay for it. God. We love Tony's man. You guys are the best forget about that Jeff Cohen until he comes next time
So free
Okay, where we going? Let's go to Miami. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, exactly good point though
We don't want to get Elizabeth upset rectum. Okay, especially mom in the middle of my lunch
See why did you rob opportunity pal? Oh
He's probably got everyone it's ever been made. Let's go to a Jupiter. Hello
Neil how are you? Okay, I was just sitting there watching the sports channel. Yeah, and they showed him a glider
Uh, what was he doing? No, no for September and October of last year
He hit 15 homers. Mm-hmm. So if he did that and he said fifty five
Seven wow unbelievable and they showed so they hit nine
So both of them would crack. I'm almost unless uh, they let him get injured. I guarantee they're both gonna break it
I mean not even close without a doubt. I think
Unless unless when I'm get hurt, right
There is did you and too bad Griffey got colder for you know
He was on fire again. He's got 48 but he'll never make it now
He went black. How many of those Griffey candy bars? Well, they fight. Would you play in harder teams?
I didn't follow him at all
No, he was just uh choked. I think is the word you're looking for just just had the slump
Yeah, well, I'm sitting there watching his market just killing me man
122 it's down 122 and 2436
And yeah, well you're ahead of me. That's right. Just look down for one second and drop another two points
I just I don't why yeah, you know, you know
The worst part of the whole thing is that they keep lying to us
And that who's this broad this woman that they have on air who's supposed to be with golden sacks or what
And Friday she comes on air again at seven o'clock on CNBC. Friday. Do you have one with Ella her name is and she keeps all
The fundamentals of the US market are too strong and market is making it well. It's not just Russia. It's Japan
It's all Asia. It's Latin America. Uh, the currency in Canada has crumbled all the all the markets in the world are going to hell in a hand
Basket and they keep trying to blue sky to people and the and the consumer confidence in the investor confidence now is history
It's gone. Well, you know, we're in a panic. I don't want you way to panic but they've been a guy damn panic
You said it either
Friday or the day before that
about how
We're such followers
Yeah, you know, I mean if if by the way GE is 83 and three quarters. I got out of my 90 on Friday
You did good. That's right and I wanted it 70. Yeah, so I'm doing okay with that. Thank God, but every time I cash
It's it's like when the Japanese or the Russians or the Germans who may when their market is bad we just follow in suit
Instead of just sitting tight and letting not worry about their problem. Yeah, I think I think it's the fault of these people on CNBC
I'm gonna blame them. Uh, they have a lot to do with it and and some of their
AOL down seven and three eights 88 and seven eights AOL somebody yesterday was trying to give me a song to dance by AOL at 96
88 and seven eights. It's dropping like a big gigantic bomb and unfortunately even Peter North never dropped a bomb like that
And unfortunately, the Pember Pryons never dropped a big bomb like that
Unfortunately, I have a AOL and I almost got out this morning at 10 o'clock and I should have
But don't do it pal. I'll get worse. Yeah, I'm just saying
Hey, is there any way of stealing one of those uh sure very you're boned in my butt. It's a doggie one. Oh, I like that. Okay, hang on
What did he mean? Reckoom by that
Okay, there you go. You're following these now because I'm sure not I'm just worried about all this monger
Got on my nice yellow shirt today's the yellow shirt by the way, there'll be a couple of days on TV
If the show is still on yeah, I think one of these days instead of telling us what they're gonna do
Don't have all the crew come over here and tape the shows and then uh, they'll just go back and oh, guess what we're not putting it on tonight
Instead of like because they don't have the guts to tell us. I mean the Bobby Bowden show
11 o'clock last night on whammy the goddamn Bobby Bowden show that knows picking redneck Yahoo
Oh my god, I'm embarrassed. It's why if we were preempted for like a show like the end of the world or the virgin Mary
Just came on icecage something important
But the goddamn Bobby Bowden show for Christ say man talk about an ego boy
Better slow down here. Okay, why don't you roll in yet? Sure wish I know
That's my ammy. Hello. Hey, new idol. Okay, sir. Oh, yeah, I'll just show last week of I think the 40s thing years
That was about about the mail that you said I get quickly out of every title to your dog
That's right
In fact, guess what I did tie the I didn't have in tie the mail of my dogs ass and I got more than over the weekend factor in these mail
And it continues trickling. Oh,
There's still mail from like the 7th to 8th of august, which is almost a month now and I still don't have it
I don't believe it, man. They come one day to a cloud. They come six or five. I don't know what it's supposed to do like
It's a special like a trumpet pussy guy. It's just a clock. I thought they are
Uh, I'll tell you I didn't go work today. Oh, because I live work and I thought yellow school
Like what a tough little tough time in the putting the street that it like all black like 50 cars to get through and oh my god
I just came back home. I couldn't take it. I don't blame him. Nice go on
Oh my god, and this I did hockey fans. I'm in a nice dog man. They think they're gonna get pop van
Give me a break. Do any pot van we got as that Denise pot van and we're trying like crazy to get
Oh my god. No, no chance. What's that we're desperate to get rid of that Denise pot van and uh one thing you said uh
That TV's gonna be always full of information. I feel real
Oh my god. Yeah, yeah me too man. Hey, uh
About TV being always with information. Oh my god. Every time I'll come there to say something that we're going the morning off
Forget it. You're not the fair master the bum master
But I got a confess. I do enjoy my friend Ron Popeel because he said the snake roll salesman. I can't turn those damn things on
Because it's a bunch of crap like that pasta maker, which he said he adorged me each one for free
He was well worth the price at twice the price
You want some of those videos?
How about? Let's be in tongue lashing. Uh, you gotta stay warm
I thought you straight guys. How about Bud lasted bimbo's
Oh, that's not yet sounds like you okay hang on okay. Yeah, he's the receiver okay. He's the wide receiver dolphins could use one
Oh, man, all of it you notice how the whole timber of the show just changed now
It's almost enough to make you want to
Patch our men our fences with whoever sent these videos. I said almost enough. What do you give me a look like that?
Panic mobility. I have no idea where these came from
Of course, I have my fingers and my legs and my eyes crossed. I'm not gonna tell them where these came from
No
Uh, I've got news for it this if this would have happened like two months ago in the middle of the dog days of the summer at that point my approach would have been a lot different
I just said oh yeah, here's a bunch of great videos from and then I would have said it
But now I'm gonna say here's a great bunch of videos from we don't know where
Well, listen, I'm gonna run out of steam here in about a half hour final calm down the markets down 148 the NASDAQ is down 73
Oh baby
Despite the overwhelming problems russia is a pretty resilient economy and is a remarkable way of adjusting the circumstances
What it says on there right now? According to this one talking head. He's gone by the beep but it will
Bapapapapapap and at the end of all of it will say to anybody believe this and we'll all say no
Despite the overwhelming problems russia is a pretty resilient economy even though all those damn hot shots
Still all the money
And all those slepherds are running around over there with a hand with a pocket full of rubles that aren't worth anything
That aren't worth the price of marbles
You know when you're looking to make your next lecture
Disgusting program
I urge everyone to complain to this station
While spending the remainder of your golden years in the land of dead the one thing you have to depend on is your car
With jukenou theft on the rise the people who brought you a big black guy named Ben Car alarm now bring you an old Jewish guy named
Get away from my port of a hill
You fake
MF
Remember when we used to post the packet carabee and we ought to get a bundle of the dish baby
Why what's a cooler? Get away from my order of the help you fake
MF
Away from my order of the help you fake
MF
Order of the help you fake
MF
Some bastard tries to steer my car. I feel safer with an old Jewish guy named Eisen get away from my order of the help
You fake MF get your old Jewish guy named Eisen car alarm now and receive a free flower antenna
Get away get away get away from my order of the help you fake
MF and old Jewish guy named Eisen car alarm now available at all there's stories okay
560 wqm here's a guy that faxed us from port Myers just once is okay pal sweetheart
You don't have to send 200 faxes of the same thing still coming across
It's more the same crap the same page
From s&f golf management in
Port Myers who claims to love the show at settlement so on stop already please
But please stop wasting our fax paper okay jack ball Todd
By the way, he says they took hang off here from port to six over there in port Myers I'm at
Beasley station
That measly beastly station maybe they'll have like paid religion 24 hours a day
Maybe they can just give David Kate and the whole guy damn radio station okay
bunch of spineless pussy's over there in port Myers
Look at that we have an open line in date county. I'm talking to this date thing boy
It's gonna. It's gonna come back to haunt us
560 560
560 on the 18t wireless line in fact next Monday when you do the show it'd be well advised to like repeat all the lines in esponial first in english then in Spanish
See okay
Here's Del Rey Beach. He'll go
Yeah, Cinco de Mayo. That's coming. Yes
You got all the perverts calling you know uh
Hey, what do you think about giving all perverts? What does that mean?
Well, all the perverts because they want to see some adult entertainment. Is that make them a pervert?
No, not necessarily you must be related to Elizabeth and Pembert Pines
No, I live or fine. There you go. I bet he's right down the street probably
You ever visit her candy shop. Okay. Thank you. Good call. Okay. We have an open line in broad as you go with absolutely nothing to say all the perverts are called in now
Perverts because they want to see some adult entertainment. What else wrong with that
560 560 560
POM 560 in fact Elizabeth's got that candy effect we done around in Pembert Pines right by your house. He's probably packing the fudge right now
Here's Palm Springs North hello
Yes, sir. Hey first time called 29 year old
Circus size cool. All right. I just started listening to your show about a month ago. You're the best
Yes, I am. I've never listened to AM radio in my life. No, who the hell would
I don't want to wish any bad, but I hope you stay on the air for a long time. Yeah
Um, you're actually living in Halea. You're a bit of Halea. I'm sure you have. Yeah, you're still living Halea
You're still living Halea. How come all of a sudden you just moved from Palm Springs North to Halea? I'm at work. Oh, okay
Um, you're seeing all of them Cubans
Standing out in front of the Doddall stores smoking their cigar. Yeah, you know what I think they should do
I think they should build a place somewhere out in the boonies like you know like cemetery village
Take them all out there and put them out there and live make them live out there. Oh there. That's coming in December
Yeah, you said I have to Christmas a little shuttle bus. They pick them up at home and take them to the Doddall
Have a big golden glowing
Doddall
Oh, okay, they can also there and talk politics. Yeah, now we know one has to listen off to came you'll be this
Okay, we have an open line at day five six seven oh five sixty pop five sixty on the 18t wireless line. Here's a mobile implantation. Hello
Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing today great. I'll tell you what you know this is a Elizabeth lady forget about it
I work in an office with nine women and myself. Yeah, and I'll tell you what if
Half of these guys knew what their wives and girlfriends talked about during the course of the day
The ones you least expect to talk about some of the things they do would just blow these guys out of the water
Okay, it's 1234 what we have an open line in the browser five six seven oh five sixty
I must be one of his boyfriend's okay thinking he can sneak the name of that joint on the ear, which we're not gonna put on here
Who exactly?
Who is that a backhand? Did that guy say something? I didn't hear what he said no
Okay, where we going next that I mean talk about desperate. Okay. Talk about really desperate and slimy
So you just to screw yourself, but I hope that's what's his name whoever you just said puts out for tonight
Here's Miami. Hello
Uh, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey there. Uh, I'm calling for Miami. I was just
calling to let you know about a great website. I found it
W-W-W-Th-C-T-Black dot com. Yeah, and they have the death site the death website
No, not even it's a comedy magazine and they have this thing of
celebrities uncensored. Yeah, and they have that tape of
You play Tom Lassorta cussing and they have Dean Martin and Jerry Lousy
A bunch of really it's a really funny side. I'll be sure give Elizabeth the website
Elizabeth. I don't know. Elizabeth. You don't want to know Elizabeth. I don't want to know. She's a pretty bitch in pepper fine
I don't don't deal with proof. I think I'm a disgusting old man in Neil
Can I suck up for a video? Well, it's pretty weak material, but you got slam your wang in my womb. I can I
Worse for me. Okay, hold on
Okay, there you go. They're slamming it. Yeah, you know what I think
Yeah, let's just hold these up in front of this uh the whole day, okay? Yeah. Well right here like this
That's what we'll do. Joseph's or you can't do that. We won't have any video. That's too bad. Just play the guy damn audio you pussy
Oh
Let's get to those
If your videos arrive in some of the standard conditioned blame somebody else
L. S. And we're doing the best we can. Okay, we don't have room. We don't have room to fart
Okay, I never realized until today I never right realized it was goddamn Barzini all along in this studio
So goddamn small if you're gonna have a little bit of a lunch, which I told George no lunch god damn it no food
I told him I begged him
And
What does he do? He goes and orders me sausage and meatballs with cheese with onions delicious from Tony's which is great
And I'm eating it should I have been eating it? No, am I gonna wind up croaking from this? Uh-huh. There you go
Thanks George. Well, see George knows that next Monday. He's gonna be doing the whole thing on here
So if there is a Monday goes well how come why not Tuesday and Wednesday, etc
And I hope they pay you on us timely effect as you're getting that bonus to by the way
Here's a mobile and four-letter deal. Hello
You got yes, sir
Well, I don't know if Elizabeth will approve of this but doesn't
You're talking about tucks and things like that. There's something else that might help. It's a
Toro paper with actually all of built into it. Hmm
It did it's lit off once you write it last time
But it's it takes care of the irritation and George is the tape rolling
Thanks for rolling
There's no eyes into pet boys
Okay, pretty weak
We have an open line in brother five six seven oh five is the tape rolling George five six seven oh five sixty
And five five six eight on the 18 everybody must have taken dumb pills over the weekend
Right nice going guys
They must have taken stupor they're in a stupor right now and why not because they probably all got investments
And they're seeing that the Dow is down 163 points the standard and poor underlying the poor part is down 29 big ones
And the NASDAQ is down almost 81 points, which is like 400 in other words things are getting wreath
Well, it's a little correction is a yeah, I got your correction right over here. Okay deep inside my
Back my bruise to start acting into some watching these numbers
One thing of a bruise rectum. It's not a thing to have a bruise ego, but it's a much worse thing to have a guy named bruise the account
Oh, look at that. It's dropping and dropping and dropping and dropping. I want you to get really nervous out there unless you feel like it
Let me tell you right now. Right
You got it sports radio five sixty Q a
Roy's talking about day county
For all of you who loved our pop-up wipes for babies here's a new pop-up wipe just for adults
Hey, ass wipe you talking to me. Yeah, I'm talking to you. What do you want an ass wipe? You got one? Sure here you go
Hey, thanks when you're on the go
You don't always have time to wipe thoroughly with toilet paper if at all
That's when you use new ass wipes the moist towel head and the convenient pop-up container
Honey, you're squirming in your chair. You didn't wipe properly. Did you? Well, I was so darn busy today
I just didn't have the time here. You need an ass wipe. Well, I ever ass wipes are
Especially formulated to handle even the most stubborn fecal fiascoes and they're sent it to give you that fresh
Just wiped feelings. Hey, Bill that ass wipe you let me today was a real life saver. I don't want it back
Understood good. Yeah, I was pitching that new client and I just couldn't stop digging and scratching
In there for that ass wipe left me clean as a whistle and at minty fresh feeling gave me the confidence
I needed to land the account ass wipes available in your grocers things to wipe your butt with section
Think Elizabeth's ever had a fecal fiasco
It's 1412 or I wish 1243 at 560 wqm
Hank will be here from a shoelace day two at two. We got Donnie B talking baseball from six to six 30 because he works cheap
Then we got the boosters six 30 to seven to pregame show and then it's Mark McGuire and a Cardinals in a marlin
He might hit one. He might hit two. Let's hope something happens
We have an open line in date
This date county thing have all of an anti people gone back yet. Oh, that's what it is
Okay, let's move back into date county and take it back over again
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line
They just came out with a staggering announcement here on CNBC all these you know the old line about believing your own bull crap
That's the problem with these people on there. They believe their own bull crap
And they get all these guys in suits these experts from painweather and shearson and
Merrill Lynch and it come on here and
Bye-bye, and they really believe it
They believe that these guys are really prognosticators and what else gonna happen? They don't know they're asked from your elbow
And if they did they wouldn't have time to be sitting there giving you a big song in a dance
They be in there like making millions every day
Which maybe they are maybe that's why they're giving us the bogus information who the hell knows
But they just came out with an announcement saying if you made money any money in the market this year
You've just lost it wasn't that a nice announcement to make and tear it oh
So load up the gun and it's been nice knowing him. We were overpopulated anyway. So let's cut the crap
The douse down 166 that has next down about 80
Here's for a lot of Dale. Hello
Yes, sir. Good morning. Yes. No good afternoon. Good evening. It's harder than you think pal. Sorry
Uh, I'm at a cell with a marker, but I'm glad I don't know a little bit
See there's there's always a silver cloud in the middle of even the dark whatever it is lining really
I like I enjoy your TV show yeah long time list or and everything
uh
This guy Jeff Cohen and Pete the law fall I could thank you for returning me on to all the different restaurants like going way back like the melting pot
Mm-hmm as long time ago I was back going up there and
And close enough here one warning list during Fort Lauderdale. We like to have a straight video in the brown wrapper, please
Okay, thank you Neil drain and my drain my hot hose drive
And that firefighter video hang on
Okay
It's a 1245 and five. Where do you think these came from anyway? Do we have any idea where these uh, no
That's very nice. Well, thank you very much to whoever sent these to us
But we uh can't thank you guys. We don't know who you are. No open-minded date county again five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line
Here's north Miami. Hello
Yeah, yes, sir. Staying from North Miami
You should gotta be questioned. Yeah
I'm uh actually a question first, but why don't you and me
Play enough of your bits on your shows
That's them. I don't know. I have no idea. I will do
Like the only thing you can do back in the air right then I will play yeah
Anyway
Well, why do they why do they do any of the things that they do?
Why do they show last night? 11 o'clock and they don't tell anybody about why do they take the nine three show off on Friday and not
By the telling us about it. They they just do whatever they want and they figure everybody's gonna find out by osmosis
It's the most unprofessional bunch of horse crap I've ever seen in my life
Legal alien Nazi badgads over there were pretending to run a television station
Yeah, they had a novel buddy but Paxon's gonna run them right off the guy down here with that all that syndicated crap that he's got
Is a bunch of balloons. I mean, I know he doesn't have our loud, but uh he might actually make some money with that garbage
True anyway, you have a video for me? No
Okay, we have an open-line in date five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18t line not for material that week pal
Here's sunrise hello
Way out there
Listen, I do like that last guy. I think he's gonna suck a free video out of me for a mumbling for about thirty seconds
I'm a seminal okay, and if I put on W
So
And Bobby Bowen came on I would start rooting for the gators. Yeah, I mean one of these TV and radio programming people are gonna get it right
Pregame shows the interview shows they're boring. They're Honduras now, but they make him money off it
I mean like last week. I only have to listen to him. I want shower and I tune in at 1225 and I get to hear you for five minutes
And then I'm subject to Marlin's pregame for half hour. Oh, yeah
Neal, is there anything you don't understand? It's it's called we don't care if anybody's listening or watching or not
But we got a lot of spots we got a jam in there and especially here with the Marlins they got a squeeze every time
They're doing dollar a holler on the Marlin games now. Yeah, but what I don't know. He can't give the spots away
What I don't understand is I can guarantee you if there's anything getting lower ratings on two
I am than the Marlins it's the Marlin pregame. I mean who the hell is what thing does that?
Mm-hmm. I mean I
Don't tell you what's even worse than that is talking baseball before the Marlins pregame with Donnie v and all the other ten-year-old kids
That we put on here in the station because we don't want to pay a real broadcast to the coming and do it
Thank God I leave my office at 5.30 every day so that way I get to listen to last half hour of hang and as soon as I pour my house
It's the clock when you got the bushing link coming on. I'm out of there. Good night. No more
No more
Anyway, can I check around for one of those videos?
Haha
Okay, what do we got here? Which one popped up next? How do a spew your goo like a pro?
The Clinton one yeah, okay?
I had some presidential hang on three at a lecture
Frank there's Monica right over there. Look out. We're going to court court in ducking time
We have two open lines in Dead County
We're giving away great adult entertainment here
We're doing everything in our power to try to make it through the worst day of the year August 31st
nineteen ninety the markets in the crapper the kids are going back to school it's a
worse than usual Monday as we knew and we still can't get for lover money in
date county five six seven oh five sixty and five sixty on the
these things should be light enough like fire rhythms on here okay if we had
anybody listening to this program I'm convinced not that all these ratings are
fixed I don't believe there's anybody in date county listen to this goddamn
radio station I don't believe it for a minute in my lifetime I've never seen I
mean you know times we have crap to give away I understand that nobody wants it
I mean most people out there got enough of their own crap they don't want
somebody else yeah right but this is just astonishing it's a fly opening
experience for me here's West Palm Beach all yeah yeah I had a question about
um baseball wires um like wave wires I was wondering if you pick up somebody off
the way okay we have two open lines in date county five six seven oh five
sixty and pound five sixty on the 18t line here's Orlando hello what the
hello back I fancy boy yeah I listen to the world that's right we all are
I'm listening to you talk about great programming I watched the panthers
leap for yesterday talk about a show you remember looks good man and Brett
Muller what's called Muller let's call his name
Perk Muller sir don't skip anyway look what do you think about that two-foot
out rule now for the net okay we have an open line in day one and
Howard five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18t I'm gonna tell
you when you know it's the worst day and I predicted this I told you just like
I predict the market last Thursday I told you this was gonna be a day to
wind all days on this radio show today I was absolutely correct sir thank you
but they can't they're so bad today that that can't even dummy up material to
get a goddamn video that's how bad they are today they can't even phone
up they have absolutely no material not bad material no material and you know
who we can blame for it Elizabeth and Pembroke Pines she was the goddamn
chigorator wood pile today right out of the box when I read that goddamn letter
from her that turned everybody's sour in fact the market started up at that
point the market's now down 164 points thank you Elizabeth thank you Elizabeth
for turning a whole damn country into a sour move I can't stand that blood and I say
amen to that how do you like that math full saw because she's got no sense of
humor like most of the women in this town don't want to hear about my bruise
rectal anything else and how I'm a dirty old man with a potty mouth and Jesus
Jesus this and who the F one you know she puts the effort in letter but I'm the
one it's a potty mouth I'm gonna tell you something I would wish horrible yeast
infection on you but I guarantee you that the yeast being a living organism
wouldn't go anywhere near your disgusting rotest body how do you like that Elizabeth
that's right ever see a living organism here's a mobile in Miami hello
male yes sir how are you I'm doing okay in spite of all this how's it right I'm
not talking around for anything good I really have a talk to you today let's talk
turkey you leave the name of the best Arnold video you've ever seen like I know
the names of them how do you know what the names are why I don't know if you're
seeing the first 50 thousand who now knows but I mean something that really got a
plot in a little I don't know I see a plot I do well good go watch a watch those
father-dealing mysteries on the patch net here's a guy that wants to see a movie
with a plot I don't want to see any movie that even attempts to plot get the
clothes off get in there and do some stuff I must you are get ready to rock and roll
okay he wants to see a movie with a plot oh my god how about Debbie and Debbie does
dear field beach I remember that that was great no here's a oh a lady in Miami
hello hello yes man I knew first time call a long time listen how you okay listen
I've never seen a piano tape before and I'm really saying to say it but could you
send me one no okay we have an open line in date five six seven oh five fifty
you know even do any four play this bitch she doesn't even pretend she wants to
talk to me she's never seen a porno video before can I send her one the word is
absolutely positively no no no no no chance you got something for free there I don't
even really know what it is in fact I if you showed it to me I really wouldn't
know what all those parts are but could you send me one anyway because it's free
like I said the women 90 percent of the women in his town he should put me put out a
goddamn ship and sent me ported somewhere do we have I mean how many reasonable honest
women with a sense of humor with some knowledge of life do we have in his god damn town
like maybe eight or nine that's about it and don't tell me that Monique bitch over there
when we don't start giving me her husband and example I think she's the epitome what's
wrong with his god damn town they get her off the area I don't know if she's still on there
those damn mall spots oh god is she hysterical or what no she a real comic no is she
nauseating huh man get her off the air now does it it's like it's like with
gold it does it take a genius to listen to that voice and figure out here's a kid
that doesn't belong on here does it take a rocket scientist to figure that out no
yeah god is punishing me I'm gagging on it see that god is punishing me right now for telling
the truth because god likes lies he likes a lot of lies like I said gildies the best see
like that opened up wide and throat to 12 55 if I I'm telling you right now like I said these
people are radio people like my little dog is going to be performing open heart surgery
mount sign at 3 30 this afternoon that's what kind of broadcasters they are here at the WQ
AM put a little squeaky annoying punks ass sucking squeak on the air there oh yeah it's very
knowledgeable yeah I wonder what the real story is there you know I'm talking about I love I
don't I mean I come to work here I don't care what anybody else is doing I'm my own business
but that's the one story I'd like to get to the bottom of is why is he really on the air here
you know I'm talking about yeah I'd like to see just exactly what the real story is the story
behind the story how they keep that squeaky voice little irritating suckle on the air here on
5 WQ AM that's what I would like to know and I'm not bluffing five minutes till one
if I'm a real Roger show now on 5 60 WQ AM Miami Port Lauderdale oh boy it's the one to two
hours it's what every little girl will be asking for the manny doll take the manny doll and
head pop off daddy my manny dolly head pop off it's okay honey just snap it gone will you be my
lawyer and play your career sweetie and if you're extra nice you'll get offered good behavior the
manny doll on sale now
on sale
profanity at 5 60 WQM hang from a show of stake to it to we got the ballgame tonight with nobody
cares about the game we just want to see big Mac smack it whack it hit it build it 500 feet 565 feet
600 feet we have an open line and Broward 5 6705 60 pound 560 animalable one line there's a lady in
her lot of the whole
hey you yes man I just a while I like my boyfriend is a big fan of yours I mean he comes home from
work every day and that's all he talks about while we're having dinner get you to see these for
Christmas thank God for him thank God for people with a sense of humor good guys like him that's
I'm telling you if you could be as relative he would take you if you got to take a
girl there's anyway I
I always want to you know give it to me up the butt and I haven't given up yet I mean I
haven't given it up yet but this weekend I thought for sure you know that it was gonna have
full run away for a weekend first night we were there in the hotel though we went for midnight
swim and the pool was close they had like yellow tape up around the pool as if there was a
bird around it yeah in the pool the pool and the hot tub were closed second night we were
there we thought we'd order the Pamela Lee and Tommy between the seats video well guess what we
get when we try to hook it up the recessed itself I'm sorry we're out of cable well I think
we're like pretty deserving of the hottest porno video that you have just for his sake what do you
think you could talk to me okay we have an open line in Broward 5 6 7 0 5 6 1 you think I was
even paying any attention to that that was pathetic 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a mobile one line
but that that was beyond pathetic wasn't it wouldn't you agree wasn't that the above and beyond a
call horrendous protest I want some people who I have something something anything I'm gonna start
reading this goddamn this weekly world news here again here's one 12 inch long cigarettes look
at that look at the size of those babies huh you think that big cigar we got is something we got
12 inch jobs in here and there's cigarettes too when the boss does go have a smoke this new brand
lets you stretch that break you can go take a smoke for like an hour and a half oh I think I'll
have another one all time to go here you go my church going husband is a born again center
oh how unusual that is huh skydiver splattered like a bug on jumbo jets windshield
Hillary Clinton to run for president in 2000 turn your trash into cash space alien baby
oh look at that isn't that beautiful that looks like kj's baby look at that
yeah looks just like hey huh put some glasses on her look just like didn't kj's baby have glasses on
and an awful big head I mean gigantic head little teeny bonny whims who can't handle private
Ryan will be make me sick workers being hypnotized by their computers experts
oh toenail biting new stress related habit of put thousands of Americans look at that she double
jointed she's biting it and her toenails too let's get the good stuff here man the six secrets are
success by that fake or Robert H. Schurram fan TV of evangelist oh tell y'all to rip off the unsuspecting
public without them even ever discovering it and then we keep coming back to america's adultery
epidemic how to tell if your mate is cheating those disgusting stains those nauseating stains and
lipstick and so on warning signs your wife is cheating she leaves children with babies
that are more often than she used to a woman who almost always took her child with her wherever she
went might suddenly start leaving her baby with citters perhaps because she's planning to
meet her lover somewhere somehow there's a big meat coming or she stops cooking dinner she suddenly
starts serving fast food cold salads or teeny dinners for supper she could be spending time with
her lover instead of in the kitchen get an unexpected promotion or raise if she suddenly gets
a promotion or raise it might be a reward from a boss that she's having a there you go here's
a promotion for your sweetheart bring any bells around here bring any bells around any station
that i've ever worked at uh-huh here's a candle hello hey nil yes sir i'm on top all right
i have a story that's probably going to turn off anyone's little strength
i day night my girlfriend i ordered Chinese food okay that'll do it okay we have an open line
and date one and bro that msd medical killer here every time oh jeez that's that's the uh that
you talk about being a burnout the dow is down 129 points and as that down 76 not certainly as they
like to say off they're a lows of the day i love when they say that you know all the dow is down
a thousand points but off the lows for the day oh thank god you're supposed to be you know jump
up and down and clap your hands together when you hear that off the lows for the day i got your
low right over here mister we have an open-line in broward five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty on the mobile one line this is the day like i said the end of the summer not officially on the
calendar but as far as work and turn here and man what i leave here at two o'clock which is only
fifty four minutes away but who's counting i am gonna kiss the ground i'm gonna get down like
those damn my mazlums do isn't the mazlums and then the one who does that they get down and kiss it
and maybe maybe Clinton thought that Paula Joe was a uh a mazlum like Paula Abdul huh
hey Paula kiss it he wasn't talking about that oh he was here's Holly what hello
hollywood hey no hey okay sir i don't get a chance to call you very often last week we were talking
about jury duty has people a little different way in trying to get out of it uh my question is
that when you received notice the jury's up there certified male registered male so the question is
he never got it exactly yeah exactly all right i can be my neighborhood they believe in two seconds
just just time you change your address in fact the best thing is going to be your box and time
you had put a forwarding thing you never got it and there's no chance also one other thing you never
cease to obey me you you mentioned bed low style yeah i don't think there's two people on a
thousand that would know what what will wear bed low style well that's because they're a bunch
who are we're first happy oh they know also can i stuck around for a tape oh my god
stuck my hot gaping holes whatever you said okay hold on he wants to stuff it okay we have
an open line and no we don't god this is this has been a day man i knew it it's bad it's like going
to the dentist and you know it's not gonna be a fine experience and you're sitting there in midstream
you already got all a Nova can in there but you still go he want he's up
okay
we meet he hung up i put him on hold i said hello name in address
click i'll see if that's him there now okay mr hot shot see if he called right back
is that him okay well i apologize sir but i guess i will have to close up those
gating holes for the moment sorry about that close him up thank you
because i put him on hold and something we got disconnected or whatever the hell happened
there i don't know he'll get by he's probably got a big collection
here's my me b chillo
uncle vio you for hot than that yes sir what's going on uncle vio what's up
uncle vio as far as i can say uncle neal one more time i'll be able to call
as far as i can gather right i'm a broadcast student your broadcast student bad move pal
why i know i'm pretty stupid except the fact that you're making like six figures six times over
yeah but what does that mean but you can't watch your potty mouth can you pal
god was on air for less than three seconds and he still let out a good one huh see i think your
broadcast days just came to a screeching halt pal you can press buttons but you can't watch
your potty mouth and elizabeth in pepper of pine is grossed out by what you said even though she
did i didn't hear you said she knows what word it was it was yeah that's what it was he blurted
right on fact that's about the third sh we've had today right on here
market is making a little bit of a comeback no it's not it's down one eighteen the nasda
the nasda all you people with your text stocks i'm gonna say it again somebody yesterday was
hyping me oh a well you got a a well down to 96 by a i wouldn't even want to see what it is now
i bet you sound about eighty bucks a share see what we're gonna do those of us who got like ten
you just sitting wait for all this to be over in about two years
remember charlton has done the omega man yeah arm yourself first get a lot of canned goods
you sit around you wait for it to like bottom out and then with everything when they're practically
giving us the way oh look at us i got fifty thousand over here all right now you're a millionaire
that's the way to do it cash good hard green not Canadian cash oh and by the way what is the article
that's what i forgot about here's the good news this will make you feel better here you go
hallelujah leave it to me leave it to i'm so good who cares leave it to me they come up with a good
stuff on a day like this sunday business section sun sent well yesterday right next to the picture
buddy but paxen which are making nauseous but you want to feel a lot better real fast move your
eyes to the left on that page under tourism and it says we'll still visit but not spend Canadian say
and my question is so what's new we'll still visit but we'll not spend Canadian say like that's
a new deal yeah dollars plunge curbing many luxuries with the Canadian dollar hitting record
lows Gabriel and Francois tail on are planning how to stretch their cripple currency in soft
floor to this winter the retired couple from Kuvek will be browsing not buying a when they take
the bus to flea markets and instead of fine dining they foresee skillet dinners in their kitchen
tonight you know what they say about those french Canadians let them eat but give up their annual
10 week load of vacation just because the dollars worth under 64 cents today no no cry Gabriel
on the phone from canada i hate the winter the money isn't very good at this time but our health
is better than money it says they offer the best scenario that soft floor to can open for this winter
a continuing flow of Canadians who opt only to cut back on spending or shorten their stays because
of their weakened currency but more likely the tri-county region will see a drop in arrivals from
Canada the largest single source of international visitors already the number of Canadian tourists
has dropped 9% in the first half of this year to mommy date the area's top destination
and just wait till the season comes and drops another 25 30% oh we may all be broke but we'll be
having such a guy named good time it'll be in a higher without the frogs so let them eat up there
in Quebec eh let them succeed in fact most people in the rest of Canada are praying that they
succeed it's one oh nine it's five sixty like me okay you gotta be a maniac you want to go and
have a good time if you're gonna punch your brains out that's right at least get something your
money's worth so head to ho-
