Here to you find Marlin's baseball, Dolphin's football, and Panther's hockey right where you got it.
Sports radio, 560 Q-A-M.
Anybody have a heart or a liver?
And no, it's the continuing episodes of Beaver and Buttha.
That's cool. Look, I'm stroking my weiner.
You're not going to get a chance on my tour, are you?
That would be cool.
The tune in next time is Buttha, that's Mr. Cleaver.
Could you pick your butt with your nose?
Of course not.
Well, 14 on 560 WQM, we have two open lines in date.
560 7 0 5 60 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile and Davy. Hello?
Hey, um, am I on?
Yes, sir.
All right, I just wanted to comment real quick, but the TV spot, I saw on 560, so you have
a mug on there?
Yes, sir.
You rejected a lot when you were young men?
Yes, by women.
No, no, only by guys.
I mean, I never asked you.
That's how you're mugged on there.
I never asked you.
And what do you look like, my hot shot friend, and Davy?
You doing your horse this week or what?
Oh, you turned you down?
Sorry.
Two open lines in a day.
See, that's why we're on radio.
Me, Hank, all of us here on the station.
We're all ugly.
We all know it.
We admit it.
But unlike hot guys like you and Davy, you have seen your crowd.
He's probably ahead of for adventure right now.
Two open lines in day one and powered.
560, 705, 60 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Markey.
Hello?
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Hey, how are you, Neil?
Okay.
Is that two like yours and you are lover?
No, it's not.
No?
No, you and me?
I think is what it is.
You sound more like his type.
Two open lines in day one and powered.
560, 705, 60 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Mobile in Boca, hello?
Yeah.
Yes, sir.
I got to tell you that it's just sick.
Anything like that is just sick.
Sorry, I know that's your preference, but I actually...
What is sick?
I mean, doesn't it stink?
Doesn't...
Doesn't what's sick?
You know, giving it up to poofs, too.
I don't know, sir.
I don't get it up to poofs, you do?
Uh, that would be a no.
Uh-huh.
Do you have any idea what gay sex is all about?
Or is that the only thing you know is anal sex?
Is that your idea what gay people do?
Let me ask you something.
Are there straight people that do that?
No.
Straighten other straight guys don't...
Are not interested in anal sex with their women?
That will be correct.
No, no.
You either do it with your...
Sir, sir, let me say it again.
Straight guys don't...
Are not interested in giving anal sex to women?
Is that what you just said?
No, no, no, that's not what I said.
I just ask you the question.
You said no, they're not.
I misunderstood you, sir.
So why would it be disgusting if gay people did it?
But if you want to do it to a woman, then it's okay.
Because it's still the opposite sex.
I mean, if you decide to do it with the same sex...
Well, well, but then what you're saying is any kind of sex with the same sex is disgusting.
That would be correct.
Okay, now, have you ever watched Lesbian Pornom movies?
Uh, not Lesbian.
I don't like Lesbian Pornom movies.
So, in other words, Lesbian...
Are a straight man on top sitting over with a quick-sized sex?
Uh-huh.
Okay, so in other words, uh, Wambam, thank you, man.
There you go.
Okay.
He wants to use a woman as a receptacle.
That's his idea of a great loving relationship and what sex is all about.
There you go.
To reach his own more power to you, pal.
He's headed for Avengera.
Always headed for Burdine, sorry.
We have an open line in the Broward, 5667-0560.
That's the thing that really cracks me up.
SNM, that's disgusting only fags do that.
Right.
Anal sex, that's disgusting.
Only fags are doing it.
Come on, honey, turn over.
It's the way.
Right.
Here's a mobile in my...
In addition to which, nobody cares whether you think it's disgusting or not.
I couldn't care less.
Whatever the act is.
Uh, nobody cares about that.
That's not the point.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello?
No.
Yes, sir.
How you doing, my brother?
I'm talking about how things smell.
But anyway, yes, sir?
Okay, it's been a while.
I don't hear you talking about a dude, guys.
He's stealing the steel on Miami.
I mean, stealing from the people.
Sir, what are you talking about?
What language would you be speaking, sir?
Well, the police, I mean, I don't hear you talking about it, man.
Yeah.
You see what I mean, how I talk?
Those politicians, those commissioners of the...
Yeah, well, go down and tell to them, okay, where we're aboard with your crap, okay?
We're not interested.
That's what we're not talking about.
Nobody cares.
We're used to it.
Open line in Broward, 5667-0560.
On the AT&T wireless line.
So basically, what we learned from the audience today is that I'm mean to the callers
and that I'm not talking about the right stuff.
And that any kind of gay sex is disgusting and revolting.
But if this guy wants his woman to turn over and bam, that's okay.
Then it's a beautiful, loving thing.
Oh, God, that's good.
Right.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Listen to me.
I need you to help me out with something.
So what is it?
It's a straight guy.
It's from another guy or he's the receiver.
He's the receiver, shall we say?
Right, oral sex, yes.
So what?
He's gay or what?
No, he's not.
He's not, huh?
I think the word was horny as you're looking at it.
Listen, since my name's not on here or something, I'll be really honest, man.
A couple months ago, how is that the beach down here in North Miami Beach?
Yes, sir.
You know what I'm talking about?
Right?
And what you're talking about the beach in North Miami Beach, yeah.
I had a little encounter in the bathroom.
Yeah.
And I'm a straight guy.
I think I'm straight, but I gotta be honest, man.
What the guy did-
Well, what do you mean you think you're straight?
I know I am.
I know I am.
Are you married?
Yes, I am.
Yeah.
And you know what?
The guy did certain things that I don't think I could ever get from my wife.
Exactly.
Honestly, I'm- and I'm being honest.
I mean, this is something I'm going to disclose to every single friend of mine.
Let me ask you this.
Does your wife have a penis?
Obviously not.
Obviously not.
So she doesn't know that much about one.
Hey, well, that's my point.
That's my point.
And you know what?
I can have experience with thousands of them, but unless you've got your own, you'll never
really truly understand what it's all about.
You're an exact, certain things, etc.
But I wanted to hear something else.
It's like a breast, you know.
I mean, you and I don't have a breast so we can never really know better.
How many breasts you may have found?
You know what?
I'm actually-
You never really truly understand what a breast is.
What it feels like.
And exactly and how to properly massage or etc.
But you know, there you go.
I graduated from a- from a high school down here in a- and Dave County.
Yeah.
And listening to your-
Not Columbia.
Not Columbus.
Why?
Let me just say, listening to your show, I didn't know there were so many, you know, I hate
to say the word, but bags of that- that's cool.
It's a Lynn Jesuit.
It's what?
The Lynn Jesuit.
Oh my God.
And now I'm a fact in the church.
You know what?
I've been calling my friends and everything and they're like, yeah, right.
You never knew.
Yeah, right.
I'm like, no, I never knew.
It turns out-
You were like George.
You were very naive in the living in a sheltered world.
That's right.
But even though you thought you were Mr. Hotchide and it would all-
Exactly.
Well, I thought exactly.
You know, I'm calling my friends now and I'm telling them.
And then of course, I'm not going to say anything with this pod-
You tell them everything, but it turns out this guy could tell you glory holds
throughout Dave, Rowered West Palm County and everything.
Let me say it again, when you hear this drilling sounds and then conventionally, that's when you get up and run and call for the-
Popen of police.
Hopefully not the Pope.
Neil, anyways, I love your show.
But I have to be honest, that fish who is not for me, Matt, I'm a diabetic and that's probably kill me.
Don't do it.
Exactly.
Okay, feet at the beach, pal.
Thanks a lot.
Alright.
There you go.
Rest my case.
There's the best call of the year.
See if you keep fishing around and fish around a lot of the time, you'll find an honest person out there.
An honest person with some balls.
I'm not interested in your comment.
Because no matter what they say, you're going to disagree because you're one of these know-it-alls
who thinks that you know everything and you don't.
You're wrong.
Like the guy who called me for about, you know, well, it's a dirty down there.
Well, let me ask you something, pal.
Speaking of things that smell and maybe ain't that clean.
Oh, God.
Oh, God.
Thank God I didn't have no lunch today.
But you don't know anything about that.
You've never been down there.
No, I have not.
And you know what?
I have no interest.
Oh, in other words, you're telling me that it's always a beautiful, lovely thing.
Is that what you're saying?
Not always.
Oh, okay.
I mean, here's a guy that's got 40 pounds of pecorino cheese his own problems and he's worried about other people's privates.
Oh, this clean is a whistle.
Yeah, right.
I don't hear nobody whistling.
Yeah.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Give me, hello.
Yeah, no, no.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I just want to say there's no bags in the church or a bag there are four legs.
You're just bags.
You're one.
Okay, great.
All right.
Guys, what language he be speaking, huh?
Good.
God, almighty.
I said we had a lot of sparsars listening.
I didn't say we wanted them calling.
We have an open line in date, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Where we be going?
Oh, a lady mobile in Miami Beach.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
No, I love your show.
Long time listener never has the nerve to call.
But after listening to these guys calling, I just, I had to get up the nerve and dial the phone.
Well, good for you, I think.
Because I don't know what country that I've, I don't know where they're from, they're nuts.
And they're all full of it because I'll be honest and I'll grow a pair for the show.
Okay.
I've had three sons and they are exciting as hell.
And with my boyfriend and another guy.
And my guy is not gay.
But when you go forward, you go for it.
Yeah.
And it doesn't make any less man or anything else.
I mean, what's the big deal?
Is it everything okay?
As long as it's okay with the people that are doing it?
Right.
Or over 21 or whatever?
29.
18, whatever.
You know, I mean, what's the big deal?
I mean, is it the 90s?
Like, get over it.
It's the gay 90s, right?
It's the gay 90s, that's right.
But get over it.
And I wanted to tell you that I tried fishboots for the first time.
And I had the funds a long time.
I had really had the funds for it.
It's not really available to much of my MAB.
Oh, thank God for that.
We do want to put those old people right over the end.
You put them away.
Yeah.
And I'm a long time couch potato with a, with a, I know how to do a pint, man, but I couldn't do it.
I couldn't do that whole pint.
Too rich?
So much.
Yeah, too much.
Too rich.
Too rich.
Too rich.
Too fabulous.
But it took me twice.
You know something I had, I was thinking yesterday, what would be really great would be to take a pint of fishboot in a big bowl.
And to cover it with either smarties, which most people don't know that.
So you take M&Ms, I guess, would have to settle.
Cover it with M&Ms and then put it in the microwave for about 30 seconds.
Oh my God.
You would be right off the edge of the mat.
Oh my God.
Did you say you were a diabetic?
Yeah.
And you're not dead yet.
No.
No.
No, I just want to, I'm just trying to prove a point.
I have to tell you one more thing, I'll have to spoke just over it only because I've heard you scream about it.
And I've always, you know, when I'm listening in my car, I shake my head and say, yeah, yeah.
What's up with these New York fans and you can hear by my accent?
That's the wrong problem, right?
What's up with these New York fans with this, this Patrick Ewing fetish?
What is up with this?
What's Patrick ever do for them?
It's who he is, he has a shot.
I don't know, maybe they're all anthropology students.
I have no idea.
Well, Pat Ewing looks like a mountain gorilla, but that's the point.
There you go, like I said.
That's by the point.
Have a great day, sweetheart.
You too.
Well, see ya.
You know, there are lots of places you can buy a mattress, you department store, your fancy bedding store.
But you know, the best place, think about it.
It's comfortable, you don't have to drive around for an hour looking for parking.
Remember, this is the best of Neil Rogers, no call today.
It's all been previously recorded, the best of Neil on 560 QAM.
It's all been previously recorded, the best of Neil on 560 QAM.
It's all been previously recorded, the best of Neil on 560 QAM.
It's all been previously recorded, the best of all three polls in June.
What's going on?
Water, 14 feet above the key of it, 10 minutes.
It's like I picked a wrong week, Chris Moher.
In the four feet, in all three holes, and in both room six.
It's like I picked a wrong week, Chris.
When can we get on the way, dammit?
You don't know where that finger's been.
That's five compartments, and it looks like a big tile and all.
She can stay afloat, with the first four compartments reached, but not fine.
How to barber a stairway?
Not to fight.
It's like I picked a wrong week, quid and phyto-meach.
The water will spill over the tops of the bulkheads.
There's no stopping.
Here, here, Geron, there's a fire in the barn.
From this moment no matter what you do.
Me, John, be treed.
Titanic will founder.
It is one of the tell you both good luck.
Raw counting on you.
I believe you may get your headlines, Mr. dismay.
There's a sale at pennies.
Jack, I want you to draw me like one of your French girls.
Where are you?
Where did you get that dress?
It's all on those shoes and that poche.
I wonder where it hangs out at pennies.
12.30 and 5.60 WQAM in the phone.
We got one line on there and everybody else has gone dead.
What a surprise on Monday, huh?
Yeah, we were going to grow a little longer.
I would say we were doing too well.
I was doing too well, but the audience, I give them about a C-minus still.
5.607 0560 all a day wide open, two and per hour,
Tom 560 on the 18t wireless line.
Mobile in Hellendale.
Hello.
Like I said, out of calls, that's the end today.
Moe did two and a half hours.
That's not bad to start the week.
Unfreaking, believeable this time.
This continues to be day after day after day.
Like the old San Jose, you get what you will, you know, deserve.
5.607 0560 pound 560 on the 18t wireless line
on your compulsive illegal gambling station.
I don't care about the nicks.
I don't care about the heat.
I don't care about Patrick Ewing.
I don't care about any of that crap, okay?
I don't care about the monkey jungle.
Not interested.
Or they're doing it there, too.
Here's the plantation. Hello.
Try to call your earlier.
Is he coming off?
Or is he playing the bagpipe?
Did you do it?
Hmm.
Reference playing the bagpipe.
Sure, the answer is, no.
If you call me again 15 minutes, it's still going to be in a half hour.
No.
In 45 minutes, two weeks from sookit, a year from Shivuas.
No.
Two days after Easter, good Friday.
No.
Two open lines in date and one in Broward.
5.607 0560 and pound 560 on the 18t wireless line.
Had a great appearance at Nixon Saturday.
Had a ton of people show up by the way, great time.
And then I came in here this morning with tons of material
with loads of crap and then we start taking phone calls.
I think eliminating phone calls could be the answer on this show.
You know what?
Any coming down?
I think just getting rid of the goddamn phone.
Just taking this instrument right the hell out of here might be the answer to this goddamn show.
Could be in this town after all these years wasted my time with this.
Here's a mobile and Jupiter. Hello.
Hi, Dale.
Yes, sir.
Hey, can you see Alan, the dude's the other now?
Yeah, we did.
Old story.
We're the Finns.
Yeah, we're the Finns.
Yeah, we're the Finns.
Yeah.
Oh, I can't keep the trip.
Yeah, okay.
Two open lines.
It's a day one and brown.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 10, 60.
You know something?
I don't even know why I go through that four play on the year.
The first hour today was like an hour of all kinds of good crap.
And he knows it because they never respond to any of it.
And then they're like all struggling for material.
But hey, did you hear it?
You heard our George Washington.
It wouldn't teeth anyone to the dead.
Yeah, right.
We heard about it.
Chopped down a cherry tree.
Two we heard.
Way, way, way behind.
I mean, they're like in the twilight zone.
They're 50 million years behind what's going on now.
Oh, do you hear the Marlins?
One of World Series.
Oh, my God.
Let's have a God damn parade.
Opalaka.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yes.
Your opinion about straight guys, we've seen being sex from other guys.
Doesn't make them gay.
Is that a statement or a question?
Yeah.
That's a question.
My opinion why?
Of course, it doesn't make you gay.
What you do doesn't make you gay or straight.
You are whatever you are.
That makes you bisexual.
No, it does not.
Bisexual people are people who frequently have...
Let me ask you something.
When guys are adolescents, I don't know about girls.
I never was a girl, not yet.
But when guys are adolescents, they screw around with each other, right?
No.
I don't have a no.
Adela...
Wait a minute.
You're...
No, less than a day.
Only gay males screw around with each other when they're like teenagers?
Yeah.
Okay, thank you, sir.
Okay, that's the end of the show today.
You don't know that?
You don't know something?
It is so shocking to me that there are some people who are so repressed mentally, mentally,
who have do blocked things out in their lives.
And let me say it again.
Most young males do screw around, okay?
Because they're curious, because it feels good, because whatever the reason might be.
That doesn't make them gay.
It doesn't make them anything.
It makes them horny.
That's all it makes them.
I mean, this is frightening.
Yeah.
Terrifying.
Yeah.
Yeah, what?
Do you have the way around?
It's frightening.
Yeah, oh yeah, well, too bad.
Too old to hide, is it?
565, 670, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T Wireless Lines.
That, this guy is just...
Oh no!
Only fags do that, right?
Of course!
Right.
Okay, you're so full of crap.
You're so full of garbage.
Only fags do that when there are kids, right?
That's right.
I mean, what the hell would I know?
Here's Miramar.
Hello.
You?
Yes.
You ever drink?
Okay, yeah.
I'm trying to hang it up on an actual like you would have worked like a charm, yeah?
Two open lives at sea.
Now they're crumbling.
They're coming apart of the scenes this audience.
This massive gigantic audience.
They're falling apart because they can't cope with this.
See, I don't ordinarily even talk about stuff like this because I know that they can't
cope with it because this is the most neurotic, uptight sexual country.
I mean, it's okay.
The president's getting blow jobs and finally we've advanced to the point we can handle that.
We don't want to know about it, but we can handle it.
It's possible.
And the economy is good although the marketing is too good today, but nevertheless the
sky's been falling yet and so we can handle that.
But when it comes to our own attitudes about things, oh, then it's a whole different ball
game.
Well, nobody does that.
Okay.
I believe you.
In fact, the guys on the internet, they just made all this stuff up.
This is just a joke.
So Dwight Lauderdale was all stay was like Jerry Springer was just stage.
The whole staff from Channel 10 was in their Reyanke and Twisting and pulling and grab
it under the, you know, looking under the stall.
Here's a mobile implantation.
Hello.
Daniel.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I just called Taylor in your conversation.
So, forgive me if I'm tripping over what you've already talked about, but I'm a psychologist
and you're exactly right about the fermentation and homosexuality that the two are definitely
not linked.
I mean, there are obviously homosexuals begin with experimentation.
You know, with experimentation, but that doesn't necessarily mean that if somebody is, you
know, at any time in their life is experimenting and there's, you know, in the sex or the same
sex that it doesn't have anything to do with their given sexuality.
I mean, if these very, very concentrated people realized how many game males were married
to women.
And the fact that they're having sex with those women and also having children in many
cases doesn't make them straight.
That's exactly right.
You are what you are.
You can't, I don't care what any song and a dance people try to give you about cures
and about psychotherapy and it's an you are what you are.
That's exactly right.
And Tony Perkins was a classic example of that.
Right.
He didn't get AIDS from his wife.
The same is also true though, to alleviating fears of, you know, men often come into therapy
with a lot of problems because they, at some point in their life, it engage in some homosexual
activity and they have these deep, deep fears that they exactly hit their day.
But that doesn't mean their day.
You know, it goes both ways.
Oh, how pathetic.
So that's all.
And I think that we got people uptight about sex education in this country.
What the people in this country know about sex.
I'm not talking about doing it.
But what they know about it is so minimal that it's frightening.
Well, if you know, if you look to history that the, the point in history were sexual diseases
and, you know, prostitution were at their highest was in the Victorian era when there was
the most repression.
Right.
So whenever you try to repress something, the more it's going to blossom in some other
area.
So.
Okay.
Thanks for having me.
Have a great day.
You know, there seem to be a zillion shoestores all over town.
But there's one that really is unique and far above the rest.
That's Brandy's in Pompedo Beach.
They said he was unstoppable from the heights of his career to his untimely death.
He was the white star line of the porno industry.
And now James Cameron brings his epic to the big screen.
Find out what got his huge ship up and the many lost souls that went down on it in
two hours and 20 minutes.
It's a long, long, real, long love story that'll have you on the edge waiting for the climax.
And when it comes, you will too.
Kate Winslet is the deep-lowered rose and Leonardo DiCaprio is John Holmes in gigantic
no showing.
Okay, 18 to a one and five sixty QA.
I'm so our faxer from the our internet expert.
I wonder if he uses my.
But anyway, well, he hops on it fast.
I can see that from these faxes.
Now he gives me the browardless.
Pretty small list by the way, but he's gone on here.
The sawdress mills mall and sunrise.
The restroom located near the target entrance inside the mall is very cruzy.
Young guys and tourists always looking for action.
JC Penny is always popular also popular.
Well, JC Penny, wow, I didn't realize.
We have an open line in date five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 T wireless
line.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Hey, this is Joey back at the owner.
How you doing?
I'm just calling to remind you that tomorrow is Vito for Leonis first.
Yeah, well, great.
That's good.
Very good.
Joey, you're about as funny as a as a gigantic tumor on your five six seven oh five
sixty pound five sixty on the 18 T. I think Joey's on a way to pennies if you ask me.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Nail.
Yes, sir.
Sixty to eighty percent of young men experiment.
Sixty to eighty percent of young men experiment with other young or young boys actually.
Right.
I'm reading it right out of a book here.
Well, if it's in a book, it must be true.
Yeah.
You know, it's interesting.
The guys that are young guys when I was a kid adolescent that I fool every single one of them
turned out to be straight and got married into head kid and a family.
I don't know any one of them that's a turn out to be me.
How do you like that?
