Well, here's how to see a Greg briefly.
Okay, it's 11.32 at 5.60 WQM.
We have an open line in Dave Run and Broward.
5.6705.
In Mentos, out in honor of Monica for the weekend.
Boy, these things are, dude, I bet these are perfect for her.
A real good fit.
I was gonna say it tights it, but I guess at this point,
it's too late for that.
How about lighting up a nice in Mentos
from next to over the weekend, huh?
That's all salute Monica, like with one of these.
Okay, where we going?
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you?
Okay.
Hey, Neil, someone told me that's far ran for governor
along with Clinton.
Is that true?
Are you ran for governor?
I don't know.
Well, I don't think so.
Who's a judge?
I think that's true.
No.
Oh, okay.
All right.
Anyways, the way I see Neil is,
what do you think the whole thing is in法ment?
I mean, that's what we think.
That's part of what the, either your psychic or your
already saw this.
I'm seeing them when they were reading the rebuttal
from the president's attorneys.
That's part of what they're saying.
They laid out the thing about how the, the deposition
and the Paul Jones case was a total entrapment,
because that was at the time that they
all lived in a trip to a wiretap moniker.
And the whole thing.
So that's one of the charges that the making was in
illegal entrapment to lure him into, you know, this trap.
You know, I think the American author,
keep an eye on who is going to be our next president,
instead of worrying about this guy.
He's almost going to be out of office anyway.
Yeah.
I'm saying.
Two years.
Neil, before I got out of that, we've
seen Neil.
Yeah.
If you want, we still stick it, yet.
OK, let's go to sunrise.
Hello.
Sunrise.
Good night, Neil.
Is that incredible?
Yeah, well, I tell you, I mean, I mean, people listening.
I mean, they're on the phone.
I mean, I get a little bit of a guy and then they,
oh, just really trying to.
Anyway, I want to thank you for the video.
I came in, uh, this year today.
Oh, right.
I think you're saying a lot of people that, you know,
they get freebies, they don't, you know, they think.
Hey, listen, they, before the same day,
is over the calling in one room with a hell of a yard.
And the same day that we gave it away, like, I have come to
the mailman, ain't you with me yet?
And they, uh, they do.
I just thought, you know, I guess I saw it.
I can't even have a backpack.
Oh, yeah.
We do our thing, you know, I think.
I mean, I think I can do it.
And, um, never thought you're, uh,
a little bit of a thing, I think I can say it up to you.
I'm about to say it up to you.
I think it's all, and you can't just just film it.
It's a fast start for students, you know.
So you can get more people to present in the end.
Hey, so you'll be present in this, just for this.
Well, she's just a psychotic person, bitch, who, you know,
was in central Bimbo and, uh, Bimbo and, uh, Bimbo and, uh,
and, uh, he had the misfortune of he getting, uh,
involved in, uh, getting, uh, involved with a bitch like this.
I-I-I-I-I, I-I-I...
I'm a little greener than anybody, but anyway, I hope, uh,
I hope he can survive it, I guess.
Okay.
Anyway, take a look at it.
Have a great day.
You're good, but...
Let's go to a leading mobile in Miami, hello.
Hello, Neil?
Yes, ma'am.
This is Bobby, Miami, how are you?
Okay.
You remember me?
Bobby, I'm in from the singles days.
Yes, I've been wanting to hold it for a long time.
My wife said, oh, hey, anyway, first of all,
I want to say I've been watching you on television.
And it was so funny.
One of the listeners, this happened to be one of my good friends,
said, you know, it's telling me how great
you are.
So that you can also wear the amulet.
You didn't even notice if you had a young woman.
I mean, I'm calling you because you're not her.
I'm worried about you because it's ridiculous.
What is it?
You're the first person that has ever said anything
that makes sense about this monochrome.
But, you know, I have an answer to this technology.
I want to tell you.
When I first heard about this girl and about the background,
I had it all figured out.
Yeah.
I tell you, I think for mother, you know,
well, one of they had a good community.
I mean, for the mother, she said,
that's the branch of the quasi-stitial in the back.
But you want to say one of the second things
in a happy and revered effort.
Some of the media, the twisted people in the media,
don't seem to have any problem with that.
They know it is questioning why anybody would do it.
Well, as with the guys, the reason I called,
it wasn't easy.
I mean, from the mountain line, I try to go up
to see my mother, driving around and around
to want to call you because I feel so powerless
that that was going on.
You know, you feel like you want to do something.
Have people say something?
Yeah.
It's like this star, out of the way.
You know, I don't know that.
And as I mentioned it, I wrote it on email
to a couple of programs.
Nobody has ever mentioned how star always
had that peculiar smile on it.
Oh, yeah.
It's called star.
Is that what it is?
Yeah, so they think that's a special psychological expression.
The people who are ready to even kill you,
know that they want you.
Or slice off at the back.
Yeah, I've always wondered that every time you see him,
he's coming out of some garage somewhere, parking garage.
He's got that stupid copy from his in his aunt.
He's got that stupid.
When you think that if somebody was really impartial
and doing this investigation,
they would come out with a very solemn look on their face
like, he's reveling that he's preling from it.
I got a one, Bobby.
He's good here from it.
OK, bye-bye.
OK, we got Hank Gover from Daniel Hyer, from Flagler,
Dr. Ack.
OK, same difference.
From Flagler, Dr. Ack coming up next.
And then we got, what do we got at six?
We got probably Donnie B talking baseball.
We got somebody talking baseball at six.
Somebody who doesn't work make a lot of money.
And then we got the pregame at six.
Three, the Marlins going for loss number 100.
It's the race tonight.
And we got the Dolphins out radio, but also on TV,
Danit, on Sunday.
So it's 2 o'clock.
0560, Q-A-M.
Hi, this is Joe Pesci.
And I would like to be serious with you for a moment.
They're talking to us about a little note,
yet devastating disease.
It's called Tourette's Syndrome.
Many people suffering from this affliction
aren't even f***ing aware of it.
It can happen at almost any f***ing time.
This is one big f***ing problem over here.
And I'm trying to make you f***ing assholes aware of it.
What the f*** are you laughing at over there?
Look at that guy over there, he's laughing.
You think this is f***ing funny?
What do you think of being f***ing funny over here?
What the f***ing so f***ing funny over here?
Did I say something to him?
Use, use.
Look at the f***ing guy laughing over here.
All right.
All right.
Come on, Joe.
Come on with that f***ing guy.
What did you do that for?
You know, you're...
You're gonna have to bury him.
I'm a bearer at this time.
Get your f***ing guy to the jump.
I can't believe f***ing time I had to bury somebody.
Anybody see you?
Good fellow's last night for the 800th time.
No.
OK, sorry.
So happy Monday to you, boy, there's so much stuff going on.
Where the hell do we start?
What's wrong?
What's wrong?
How long does it take to go?
Number 62, who's the f***ing guy?
I'm going to pay back you got
I don't know why Sammy
Yeah, at the risk of getting certain people all been out of shape again
Who didn't care last week and aren't gonna care this week guess what I don't get a crap myself
But they care not what a weekend for the Cubs in those two games against the brewery Saturday and then again
Yes today and then Sammy hit 61 and 62 and was there any like a media coverage?
No, was there any like big song and an answer out there on the field like it was from Mark McGuire no
Is this kind of like turning into a racial thing now?
Uh-huh
When people first brought that up I thought I hear we go again every time anything goes on in his country
It's a racial thing any minute Jesse Jackson gonna be sticking his finger in his wood pile
But I think it is. I mean Mark McGuire is a big white
goofball and
So naturally the media I mean you you Fox people shame on you baby. Oh, of course yesterday is Sunday football
You know we can interrupt that until they did last week for some strange reason they put the cardinal game on their last Sunday
But yesterday here and one of the most spectacular days in the history
And of course Riggley field jam pack and when that game was over when Grace hit the homerun on the 10th inning to win the game
After Sammy had hit 61 and 62 to the meat of the matter and everything will move on
But all they had to do was take all of the salacious stuff and put in the other 17 cartons
They could have put an asterisk monolowinsky testified that they did this and you know see
See the appendage or somebody's append something
It didn't have to be an air but they made sure they put it all in there because they knew it was going on the internet
For it was going all over the world and they expected the public was gonna say oh my guy something exactly
And guess what they didn't
They didn't say that
They sent out a same old crap all over again
We know he's screwing around and guess what lying under oath is not perjury. I hate to break the news. Yeah, Ken star it ain't
And here's all these CNN numbers. Let me say it again
NBC yesterday the new job approval rating for bubble was 67% was up three points from Friday. Oh
They like a guy that knows where to stick his good cigar that's what they said
And
This morning on CNN the job of approval rating for it's 64% today Friday and Saturday was 63%
Oh, it's going in a wrong direction Ken star. What's that all about
And they asked do you want to impeach this president?
66% said no that says of this morning 31% said yes
You see there's a constant 31 or 32% that hate Clinton like poison and no matter what was in the report no matter what the question is
Yeah, get rid of him. He sucks. We hit him like poison. That's constant. It's been that way since January
Same there were roughly 30 31%
Should we send sure so that we at least say oh this was bad. Don't do it again 60% said yes 36% said no that's today's pull them
The only poll of course that's a little bit off on all these is ABC which the numbers are much lower because sand Donaldson and cookie
Roberts are controlling all that
Boy, there's something really. I mean, thank God that Disney stock is going in a crapper area
The markets up 166 and Disney's taking a big
Because they own ABC and they spend all that money on the NFL and those crappy boring games. They're putting on good
That'll teach him to put sand Donaldson and cookie Roberts on there
Doing their spin on all spin on this okay, San you bold-headed geek you jackass with a bad wig
So I guarantee you we're gonna find out today right here on this show
We're gonna have tremendous look at that overwhelming response from this public
Because I think the majority of the people like I've been saying for months now. Let's get it over with let's move on
Let's get with the program god damn it and cut the crap
All these like I said before the term is absolutely correct
These are hypocrites sanctimonia suffocates both in the media and in congress
Fulming it to mouth all this was disgusting
But I'm but I'm open it was right there in a white house and he was talking to congressman on the phone and she was giving him head
Yeah, well made this a stressful job man
Plus how'd you like to get on a phone have to talk to all his boring congressman all day long
Maybe you wanted to stay awake and alert. You know what we're talking about scored score alert rhymes with scored
If the public knew the inner goings on this sexual dealings this is all about
445 pages 17 curtains with 2400 more pages and there is two brief mentions of whitewater
Four years 50 million dollars later two brief mentions. Is there anything about file gate? No
Traveligate two brief mentions of whitewater. They have anything on him on that no
So it's about sex and the covering up the sex and extramarital affair which everybody in their rye mind
Especially a person in a position like the president or a senator anybody else is gonna do anything in their power to cover it up
Oh, we got abuse of power. We got this. We got you got squat is what you got
And
They can go ahead and have all the impeachment hearings that they want but these weak need politicians as they're watching these pullmobbers out there
They're gonna say ah he had such a bad guy
He never stole a free train
Let's life him on his limp wrist and move on with life because we see we can read the polls like anybody else
Come on. It's after ten or five. Hey Neil my boyfriend said you probably wouldn't return my email from the other day since I'm a female
By the way, do I return any email whatsoever? No
So what does it have to do that? She's a female. I mean if we were young and male and good looking and send a picture
Maybe I would but I doubted anyway
But I decided to see what the deal was she says I had emailed you seeing what I have to do for you to get your Florida
Panther opening day tickets since you said you wouldn't be here for the game
I haven't heard from you is it because I'm a female or you're just too busy
Is this unbelievable?
Anyhow I wanted to take my nine-year-old son to the game but never did get tickets
Can you help me? I'll do anything you get the tickets. There you go George. Maybe you can get a picture
Tara
Can I borrow those tickets? Although guess what George's ain't got any tickets anyway. He's not getting them
This is more hootsbow, okay? Oh as soon as they hear just a little whisper all I got to do is just
In passing make a comment that I'm not gonna be here that weekend for that anxious game against Tampa Bay
Oh, yeah, can we have them? Whatever it is you don't want and you got any garbage that
You don't want to put in your dumpster
We'll take it home and sift through and see if there's anything good leftover in there
Believe me in my garbage. You're ain't nothing good. Is there no? I scraped you everything
Then I let my dogs look after fish food container just to make sure there's nothing left over for people like Tara
That want to chop up all of the good stuff
So I discovered something very very disturbing over the weekend
Which I guess I should have known a long time ago. You know that TV show
Now this is something for those TV people to be thinking about those whammy people and by the way nice going on Sunday
Getting came pasta USA on air. All right rocky itch of a real Steven Vauer. That's for you as we'd art
Boy, he sure look good back then as you look good now. No, that's nature for you. He works in mysterious ways
But here's something for those people to think about you know
The people I guess who are watching the TV show are the radio people and you want to know why the people who get the show
The people who would come across there on there they don't get the show and so therefore because I ran into a holy over the weekend that I
Have seen me for in a store and he says to me
It says, you know, you're doing that TV show aren't you? I said yes. Oh first time I saw that used to speak and this that I turned it right off
Yeah, see George is gonna get all bent out of shape about this
I never said a word to him this morning before the show because I know he's gonna take getting very paranoid about this
See if we're gonna have got comparative uppightness contest. It's no contest
No contest Jews blacks
Gooks any other minority. I mean there's some uppight people in every group, but his Spanish. Oh my god
Soon as they feel that you might be saying anything to pee on their parade
Psychotic I said it's just it's just to show it's a joke. I've been doing that for years
I use those words because the more you use the words it makes them renders the meaningless. It's a joke. It's a show
Oh, yeah, we're going to understand SPIC that's supposed to be Spanish people in charge
And I thought to myself boy you talk about paranoia you talk about thin skinned humorless very sad
So anybody who might boy watching that show with our usual one-shier or zero zero wavy line
I hate to break the news deal, but you better lighten up and get a goddamn sense of humor
I mean when's the last time I ever had a call on this show from a black list during we have many by the way
Complaining about sparts or cool. They they it's a joke. It's lingo. It's fun
Because if you see there are words like that row of that anti-semite that called me last Thursday or Friday
There was a kept repeating the word kike over and over again. There's certain words that go beyond the point of being fun
That you can't like nigger you can't say nigger. There's nothing fun about that. Although you don't say the n word
I mean we know if you say the n word it's nigger we can actually say but it's a very nasty mean spirited hostile work
And the same with kike there's no way that kite can be like a funny word if you want to say hebe yid
So let's kind of make the determination right now
Let's draw the battle lines for the word and I'm trying to think SPIC to me is not that bad of a word
If I say George is a little SPIC what's wrong with that? That's exactly accurate. He's a little SPIC
Now vulgaron that's another story. I know I'm serious. I think like that's yours. Huh? No vulgaron
like nigger and uh and kike and vulgaron
Faggot I say use the baggett I say use that word all the time some people used to think oh that's very offensive
You can't call gay people faggot. Oh, why the hell not what's wrong with that
Because after you're at the 10 millionth time it doesn't make it so so grotesque anymore
much farther I think farch is a fun word. What's wrong with that?
Well, like Sammy so say he's from the Dominican Republic. What's wrong with that
But SPIC I mean people that would be offended and go rushing to turn it off because they're oh gee
That's offensive to me. He's a bigot because I said little SPIC
Jesus grow up and get a life all you hulios out there all you vulgaron and madacons
Jesus Joseph and uh
And oscar
Man all man of shepherds
All these uptight people who just don't get it or don't want to get it refuse to get a life
Who are looking and of course that fits right in with this town anyway people looking to be offended
Oh, that's for your offensive to me. I'm offended. Yeah, right great
Go get a life. Are we on inform iris today by the way? We don't know we don't know
If there's anybody listening on wwwcn and for myers call us what
We are
Joseph's we are how come we weren't on what is it?
Yes, we are that's what I thought you said the first six time excuse me for stepping on you Joe
We'll take the footprints off because there might be evidence and we don't want the can star to go uh, you know
Dusting Joe's body for prince
I mean anybody who can't see through the political motivation of this whole thing and is salacious pornographic report
Which was totally unnecessary
Not one word that had to be in there sure it had to be in the other uh because he's trying to prove a point if that's what he was trying to do
Trying to refute the president's
Comments about not having sexual relationship or whatever now in his testimony
That's fine, but not in a pavement report. That's gonna be uh released all over the world unless of course you're trying to
Embrace and humiliate and how and somebody out of office which is what this has been all about right from the beginning
And
I still don't understand how come we hear almost nothing about I'll tell you some of the stuff that's really interesting
And yeah, I didn't read the whole 445 pages or the 72 page reply or the 42 page second reply
But I read through the summaries, okay
Having learned that you would not be able to return to the White House miss Lewinsky sought the president's help in finding a job in New York City
This is after they transferred her to the Pentagon because she was hanging around to make a pest out of herself and people in the White House
They're saying get that bitch out of here
The president offered a place around the United Nations after initial enthusiasm
Is Lewinsky cooled on the idea of working after you win and she prodded the president to get her with job in the private sector
According to Miss Lewinsky the president telephoned her to approximately 2 to 2 30 a.m. On Friday, October 10th
According to Miss Lewinsky the president said if I had known what kind of person you really were
I wouldn't have gotten involved with you
He reminded Miss Lewinsky that she had earlier promised if you just want to stop doing this. I'll be no trouble
Miss Lewinsky said she challenged the president
Tell me when I've caused you trouble the president responded
I've never worried about you have never been worried you would just do something to hurt me which goes to show you how full as she was right then
A scorned petulant bitch. Oh the job and he went wasn't good enough for Monica just like Linda trip or what's your name?
The other one I wanted to be an ambassador Kathleen Willie
Yeah, how about ambassador to Ireland at George Mitchell? He don't know too much. How about me? That sounds good. Yeah. Okay, Kathleen you're qualified
Crazy crazy women try to bring down the government of this country and all these sanctimonious hypocrites
I like to term an Alan Dersher what's used over the weekend sexual McCarthyism and of course now everybody else is using that too
But that's exactly what this is which hunts
Just like Joe McCarthy in the 50s. It's the same crap here in the 90s again, but guess what it ain't working too good
Because most people when they look in the mirror and they think about their own activities
And they question would I like to have all of my own stuff that I've been covering up
On the internet all over the world. I think the answer very clearly is no. No, thank you
And if I lied about these things most people would say how you bet
Because everybody wants to cover their tracks and cover their ass
Cover their back room. That's right
And that's what this is all about you can Haka trying to go about purge re and let me say it again lying under oath is not purge re
And I y'all if you've been listening and reading it's it's very clear that there's a big difference there
A witch hunt trying to a Honda guy out and quite frankly I am sick and frickin tired of it absolutely headed up to my ears
I think we ought to take a poll this morning since it is Monday. Don't you think a poll would be good in this audience?
Oh
God
Man oh man. Don't ever stick one of those in men's toes in your puts unless you're serious. That's what he should have told Monica
Let's find out how many people in this audience think that Clinton should resign or be impeached
Maybe centred but stay in office or just stay in office without any bull crap or maybe just can't stand the whole thing all together
We should never hurt another word about this. Let's find out five six seven oh five sixty
Five sixty on the mobile one line
We'll take a little a poll for an hour hour and a half see how it goes here with this crowd if there's any interest whatsoever
Which there might not be knowing this audience
Here's a also want to find out fire reports from people of the season ticket holders with the panthers who got to see the arena on Saturday for the first time
Which I've already seen it three times. Thank you and how they were impressed with it and it's set up and so on
And what they really got to see Saturday since I didn't waste my time going over there again
Here's a mobile in pompano. Hello
Okay, sir
Yeah, okay great
Here's a mobile in the gold. Hello
Mobile in ghouls
No good morning sir
Speak to me sir. Yes
Listen you're wonderful like the greatest morning. Yeah, just like any day right you should be celebrating today
We had a good weekend. We have family family. Yeah
We also have the Michigan
No, Michigan boy, did they take it right up the old
I love it
Oh, I'll tell you one thing that Tommy Brady the Michigan quarterback he can play in my team any day
Any day and I scored Tommy boy to and of course the final score
It pisses me off is that you know 38 seven and it winds up 38 28 because they stop playing Jim Man
It's I don't think you'll ever see him again
Yeah, that's right
Michigan State waps to hell out of Notre Dame 45 23 and I scored Spartan
Because they weren't playing in South Bend no touchdown Jesus. That's right
Because they weren't playing in Notre Dame and they forgot to bring the shrouded to rim with them
But hey, there's more important things going on in football aren't there no. I'm sorry
Here's Miami. Hello. Yo, Neil. Yes, sir. I think people need to stop just in the the president because
Ain't nobody is saying especially in those bachelors of my capital here. Yeah
Yeah, just like you said it a couple weeks ago, man
Let him stay man. He's doing a good job. No matter who he's blowing or who he's blowing or whatever
I knew okay, man God bless you sir. There you go. There's our first vote
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on our mobile one line
Resignor being peach sent your butt stay in office just stay and leave in the hell alone
Or you just can't stand this anymore and you wish that it would go away and never heard another word of it
And he wish that Ken star when they would pack him up and send him a Siberia
Here's Miami. Hello
Hello, yes, sir. Yeah, yeah, I think that
They should stop playing around with Bill Quinn and leave the man alone
Uh, it was this Monica the wind. You know, on who decided to go down on the man and
If she would have respected the office of the president, she would have had no part of it if she would have respected his orifice
Very man very well said you got to respect the president's orifice. That's for damn sure
Anybody out there know what kind of cigar it was? No, that's what next wants though. Can you imagine if it wasn't in men?
So
Really knowing that Monica known what a jeb she is and all the experience she's got and how come we don't hear any more about Monica
How come we don't hear about all these illegal leaks from Ken star?
It's really interesting these selective journalism that's being practiced by all the networks on here
selective journalism
Just tell us whatever the hell they feel they want to tell us and all the rest of the stuff well
That's not important the fact that Ken stars brick all these laws taking all the secret. I hear you sends these boxes over there
This is all top secret
And even that little faggot david candle the president's attorney, you know with which one I'm talking about the little mincing david candle
Even he said the reason we were able to come out with that rebuttal so soon is because of all the illegal leaks that were all over town
Days hours before the report came out on Friday at two o'clock
See it's okay for illegalities by the special prosecutor the independent council
But if the president's in the ural office getting low jobs
How do that come out like low job? That's how came out
1027 at 560 wqa and there's nothing is important your business is your copy machine
You need to copy or that's right for your needs dependable and doesn't cost your business a fortune and arm in four legs
If these things are important. He won't give our friends a copy corpical
This is a bunch of who
And is so called I mean this is supposed to be a document after all these month dollars and there's all this here say crap in there
About the the testimony of Monica's girl friends who came and said oh well Monica said this and
Monica said that the president said this and
Unbelievable like the thing about Hillary leaving the not one time that they ask her about that
But the friends of Monica oh yeah, well he allegedly told Monica that uh
And Monica told them that he told Monica that he was considering when he got out of the White House
So he might be living the Hillary and who knows what happened and they'll run off in the sunset etc and so on
That's like third fourth-hand information, but that's in there
Which of course is real nice for the family and everything else like that. Hey, I have no consideration about any of that
Because we have to embarrass and humiliate and the degrade as much as possible and see if it works. Did it work so far? No, it's not like it to me
Here's Boka hello
Uh deal. I think it was a mod be crystal by that anyway. Was it yeah
You guess who this is they should see how many there are left and I could count the mighty crystal
Yeah, right who is this this is begging for Boka. Oh my
Yeah, a long time. Huh? How you doing? Okay. I'm kind of educating
I hear you listen. I think that if the stars stop markets keep going up
We keep the president and if it goes down we get it out. Oh, okay. Thanks, but you don't call us again
We have an open line indeed one in Broward. Isn't that how we ever survived without him five six seven oh five sixty
Palm five sixty on the mobile one line
Because a mobile in adventurer. Hello
Hey Neil. Yes, sir and listen judging by a pasted woman and must have been a swisher sweet man. Uh-huh
Hey, listen, maybe just got that eyesight
Maybe or maybe the ordinary is the ice princess
I bet she is
Listen man, the guy needs a resign. He's done nothing but lie to us the whole way through and you know what maybe
Well, maybe we just need to put up a pen on how by the east wing and and throw it up with concubine playing out his horse
Uh-huh. That'd be a good idea. Okay. Thank you. Okay. We have an open line in day one of Broward
One of four resigned two for stay five six seven oh five sixty
Papa he's done nothing but lie to us
About having extra marital affairs nobody lies about that. Do they know you bet nobody would do that
They get right up there and TV and say I did it was good or she was there with the worst head I ever had in my life
Here's a mobile in uh fort Myers. Hello
Hello, yes, sir
Hi, I'm calling to say that I agree totally with you Neil. I'm a first time policy show
I don't think the president has done any more than what any other man has done
It's simple. Yeah, I yeah, I'm proud of the bitch who was willing to give him some head
He told her what she wanted in here. Hey, he started to get caught. He lied to cover it up
No big deal. He's on a great job in office leave them alone
The only bad part is their air in his 30 laundry all over the goddamn world. Yeah, that's the worst part about
Yeah, if she would have just claimed her dirty laundry wouldn't have to be gone through any of this
That's right. You know, I mean this bitch she knew what she was doing
She knew that this was the president if it weren't for the stain on address. He wouldn't have to can
All right, all right well said sir. I said he's screwed around is what he said something like that
You can't say that word and for Myers Canyon. Oh, don't say the effort over there. They'll show you're asking the who's go
By the way, you see George Wallace is dead. Uh-huh. Okay. We have an open line and then
why
What are you going like that for? Yeah, don't you don't isn't it kind of interesting though?
How a lot of these right wingers like very gold water, you know, his last many years all of a sudden he came
Totally different views and attitudes and George Wallace after those early many many years that ugly racism and hatred and bigotry
After all of a sudden he found himself in the chair. He found the lord and he repented and the settlement so on
And by the time he died, he said hey, he never stole a freight train
Kind of interesting, isn't it?
Maybe Kenneth star will have a breakfast and maybe whoever's chance to repent, huh?
To be contrite
For all this will this pornography that he put out and then all these people are saying oh, well, what do we tell the kids?
Well, if you're worried about the kids and how come I was in there in the first place
Why did that stuff need to be in their in graphic?
Grotesque detail
Why did that need to be a met particular report when it got 17 other cartons of stuff that they could have
You know kept under lock and key and deliberated amongst themselves and read all the titillating parts and said oh god
That's interesting
According to Ms. Lewinsky they kissed she was wearing a long dress that buttoned from the neck to the ankles
And he unbuttoned my dress and he unhooked my bra
And he sort of took the dress off my shoulders and moved to bra
He was looking at me and touching me and telling me how beautiful I was he touched your breast and touched your genders
She performed or all sex on him
I'm March 31st 1996 and a hallway by the stud to the president and Ms. Lewinsky kiss
I want occasion to coin him as Lewinsky
He focused on me pretty exclusively kissing her bare breast and fondling her genitals at one point the president inserted
They cigar into Ms. Lewinsky's vagina then put the cigar in his put in his mouth
I don't know oh
God oh jeez
Man oh man. I think you guys was right. I must have been a swisher sweet
Here's for a lotterdale hello
For a lotterdale. Hi good morning. Yes, sir
They should leave them alone. I'm staying off it
Yeah, I'm out of time and I'll bet that's 50% of the people in Congress have had
Examiles look there okay
Well, we're gonna check with Barney Frank on that too by the way. We have an open line in Berk. What do you hear that?
Talk about getting drilled
Well, that's a good sign that I mean it's construction going on somewhere this building is really doing devil work across the hall one of the other
5 6 7 0 5 60 or mobile one line is pound 5 60
Here's a lady in North Bay village. Hello
Hello. Yes, ma'am
How about this? Yeah, good channel
Canna Greeno
George Star
report investigation and obstruction of justice
For what was supposed to be to investigate all the gates
Not in sex life. Yeah, how about that? Why don't you step in and find this illegal
Step in and do what?
And start this cigar
Okay, have a great day. I have no idea what she said
We have an open line in date 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a mobile one line. Let's try and Janet
Try that one on precise, huh?
What do you say Janet right up the old highway for Janet? He's got problems of her own
Let's do a four-letter deal. Hello. Yes, sir
Yeah, I'm calling you know, I think they should just leave the problem in a long
I bet you they investigate kids stars like the probably fine. I mean
Sleeping with little boys and stuff. I mean they get it in here and all over the place and you know, you need to check the stuff out
Amen. Yeah, okay. Thank you so much. By the way, guess who I saw last night was it on the 60th minute thing
What you thought was boring. I thought 60 minutes was pretty good
Especially Andy Eluni. He was almost funny with those eyebrows. He was great
But they had father drying in on there my good old friend five. What?
What are you laughing about when I used back in the days when I used to have guests on the show
We stand him on the phone all the time father Robert Drine and the greatest priest in the world
Yeah, I was really great when uh, who was doing that when he looked at father dry in the eye my qualifier thing and said
You're helping all the boy
On a Catholic and just as liberal as he was in those days. He was great last night
I scored father drining. I was wondered back in those days. How come we had a priest in the congress? Oh, he was great
Father drining. He was I say father drining for president. That's why I say old Bobby drining
What are we doing about that problem by the way? I'm moving. I alerted the media, but uh you alerted what the upstairs people
Yeah, so we're holding our breath
Stop for what you know pushing it on I know that Gary Sarner of course he wouldn't be concerned about that
21 before 11 at 560 WQ
You can't keep it packer in his hand
Hello, I'm Michael Fessy. You probably know me is that cute Irish hunk who dances with his shirt off and sweats a lot
In Lord of the dance
Well, as I'm sure you've heard I've retired from the show but I'm still dancing because I found a way to combine
Irish folk dancing with something that will make me even richer than I already am
Test extermination and you'll get it every time you'll call my new company Lord of the Amos
That's right if you've got coaches termite
Sovereign fish or any other kind of insect problems in your house. Just call me Michael Fattley Lord of the ants in just 10 minutes
I can kill everybody in your house without using any harmful pesticides
Just a simple music I buy home land
If you have a chandelier I can hang from I'll give rid of the ones and your walls and ceilings too
And if you've got a really big problem, I'll have my entire staff of nail and female exterminators
I'm going through your lovely and pesky foam one ugly ugly toy
I'm making tonight's time to come on your ocean
That's so big
Call Lord of the Ants right now just I'll 1-800 kulkos and me and my Colleen babies
Don't go down your pest before you can say
What are you doing to my car, man?
So say goodbye to me on TV and bugs in your home when you call me Michael Fattley Lord of the
So we're gonna a fax here from New York no less I can tell by the number on here the two and two
And it's a I guess a pretty good likeness of us, but this is definitely not Monica and ill president
I don't think he's got a body like that does anybody out there think the prime president's got a body like no
I don't think so what are you looking at that you're not gonna put that
Come on
Watch out a little bit for Christ sakes
Get those little spits all worked up that'll keep them on air all those very offended people out there that are up
Tighten no sense of humor. Oh, he said spict Spanish person in charge
I'm gonna tell you when I hear stuff like that it makes me wonder
I mean if you've got any life at all you have any sense of humor whatsoever just a little teeny tiny one no
Here's a mobile in West Palm Beach hello
Yeah, how you doing now? Okay, sir? You know what the report for all that's the biggest crime of mall
I just cannot even believe the press that we paid for that
But you know what they left on the report is that earlier in the evening see he sat on his cigar cutter
And he was thinking afterwards gonna have us a garamage. We'll get it cut now
Get it ready. Yeah, and it was out of the report
Okay, and those are got okay. Okay. We have an open line of bar 567 05 60 pound five 60 on the
AT&T wireless line
Here's a lady in the Evan Tura hello. Hello. Yes, ma'am. How are you great?
I'm reading all of this regarding the president. I think the president is the victim and not she yeah
In what's in what sense I feel that she is over 21
She knew what she was doing. Yes, and she could have stopped the immediate place
She didn't want to stop it. She's the one who may have said that
But now but now she decided it's since I guess I don't know what went on
But he must have said that I'm not leaving my wife and this that's the other thing
So she has it she became very vindictive. Yeah, although she was demanding intercourse
You wanted a full sexual relation
I'm talking about this whole affair and one has
Has what she brought on and all of this and I mean maybe I'm
Difference than most of the calls that you've been getting in most of the public and most my opinion
But I feel the tea was just as culpable
as he and
I mean, I just feel she should have walked away at the very answer
So let's impeach Monica
But I don't I don't know he foolish in what he did
But I I mean he is coming out smelling like a rose for the seat
And I found what he said. Okay. Thank you. Okay. We have an open line in say more like tuna
Open line at day five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty on the 18t wireless line. Here's the lady in Miami Beach hello
Hello, yes, ma'am. So that's how are you? I am okay. I agree completely with the previous lady
Yes, the whole thing first of all Clinton of course should stay it's a bloodless
Uh, who did the hot the tar which was planned by Republicans and the right wing religious
Movement and they are staying behind it and paying it and star is their puppet. Yeah, why he goes so vigorously after Clinton
Monica is the one who initiated it and especially since she saved their dress
This post that she wanted to go after him the whole thing is a mockery. It's a shame that Americans should fall for it
I'm not falling for it. Yeah. I only hope they have enough brains if there should be a backlash
I am a very peaceful person, but I even thought there should be demonstrations
Against star he should be fired or at least put him on death row anyway just to show that we mean business
This is unheard of with the mockery below any dignity. This should be a little document
People are out of their minds who are supporting this. Okay. That's all I have thank you so much
Yeah, it's either and right in the report in fact if you do read much of it
Which I've read this enough to make me sick to my stomach
But if you read it it's like reads like this thing from the star that I've been reading you
That's why I love this should come as no surprise
I mean we had that on e here like three four weeks ago about the cigar and all that business and the stuff and here about
Well, uh, hella rethought that he she thought hella re was uh the ice princess and he was gonna leave her and yada yada yada
And it's all right in here in the star. That's what it reads like
all the ramblings of a star struck bimbo of a of a slug
And yet for some strange reason the media in reporting all of this they've had all the stuff since uh
two old one on friday they just they gloss right over that just doesn't come out from their lips
And I'll tell you it's so easy to see which of these is so-called reporters and journalists
What what they got in their minds got pally on cbs total lunatic
Uh, of course sam and kooky on abc forget about them and like I said the abc polls everybody else's pool show his popularity is a
His not popularity personally, but his job approval rating 66 64 percent
Not abc because abc's got a whole spread. They let the sand domelson's answering the phone. Okay one vote for you two for me
And that's how his votes go
I mean with the n George Willis in there writing all the reports out
But it's real interesting how selectively they report all of this and nothing about monica and her motives
And how she was the one who was flirting and this is her own testimony now just like from star magazine
What a what a shock that she was flirting with a guy who's uh can't keep his pants zipped up in the first place
And that something actually happened and continue to go on
And that what a shock that two adults lied about it
At least until somebody finally said hey, you know that the stained dress you got
Here's Miramar hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. I've it. Listen. I love you show. All right. Yeah, I'd like them to leave Bob alone leave Bob alone
But my biggest problem. Yes, is this tea the way in which congress
Send this this pornography on the and a public domain like the internet
I think
Every voter common November. Yes, so check with their representative see how they voted and show hold and
Reprimand them at the ballot. It is Marley
What congress did on Friday
I we didn't have to know the details the star report should have gone to congress with just the 11 alleged
point frame peach men right and let's say the details for the privacy of the congress right public enough to hear all that amen
It is Marley
For what congress did and I think every vote in America should
Personally, reprimand them at the ballot
Okay, thank you so much my friends thank you. I didn't even make good porno
That's the sad part of it especially knowing that the two of them were involved in it
We have an open line in Broward 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T wireless line
Here's Miami. Oh, it's all hyped up about the record and so side McGuire
What they really think to see is will build clear to his record ever be broken and screwed in on an wild
That's not even he's not even close to the Kennedy's he's not in the same league. He's like in the little leagues
Yeah, but they didn't get a couple as much as he's getting in trouble
That's that's right because the media then was keeping her nose out of their pants
Yeah, but now I have nothing else to do in life just
To worry about him. Okay. Okay. Have a great day, amigo
We have an open line in day five. Do you say amigo 5 6 7 0 5 60 and pound 5 60 on the 18 T wireless line
We don't have anybody out there who's uptight upset doing no you bet we don't
They understand it's a radio show. Don't they know come on
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello
Mobile in Miami. Oh, yeah, sir. How you doing great? Oh, I'm a joker here central New Yorkers. All right
So are you oh
You know, I gotta tell you nice job on Michigan by the way Saturday
And my opinion is changing by the second nice job on Saturday, baby
Take their ass
But anyway
Who
Why is it they get the teams they shouldn't be and they lose the teams
Don't worry about that. That's not important. You beat Michigan. That's the thing that's important
You took 10 years off man is his life
Feel I want to tell you I love your show and I especially love your TV show because you get to see all the
The mannerisms and and the nuances of your your show and all the faces you make to the colors and the George everybody
I got to tell you paranoid about that show because I noticed that every time like if I have a scratch like on my lip or like I cut my show
I nick myself shaving yesterday and it looks like I'm either picking my nose
You know, they they purposely shoot these real. I'm flattering angles to make it look like I'm even more of a proberth
And I really am which is not easy. They're trying to cherry it down
Neil because you're trying to knock me down because they can't stand the truth that bag is very good
He don't know for the truth. He's busy putting Rocky at your re on there
You know, hey posse USA. I know what he's looking for. That's right regarding the Clinton situation. Yeah
His sexual out of theory. He don't look so good anymore. I know him. Yeah, go ahead
Is sexual escapades have nothing to do with the way he runs this office? Yeah, I ran it
I won't want to be his daughter or son or his wife, but as far as the president
Well, wait a minute. Let me ask you this. Okay, when you say I know the wife part I can understand
But when you say daughter or son how many daughters and sons in America do you think how many millions of daughters and son know that one or both of their parents are screwing around on the side?
Uh probably a lot, but it's not smeared all the hand raising all over the building
Probably a lot, but it's not smeared
Oh, you know, I'll be talking about the embarrassment factor right? I'm talking about yeah
And I will come and how come Kenneth star didn't consider that how much damage he could do
These people have already been humiliated and embarrassed. How come he didn't consider that have a little bit of decency for the family
I put in all this extravagance crap in there so that Chelsea could read about it at school and all her friends
Etc
Because people are concerned with how much money they can make and how much uh world recognition they can
And how much how quickly they can push his ass out of the oh wow the oral office. That's right. Yes
Meal I gotta say one more thing about uh and you're gonna hate to hear this but about it's about Dan LeBass third
Yeah, he's now working for ESPN
Doing what?
What if he decoken Cuban?
I believe I'm gonna win 11 games. No, sorry. I
Think he's uh, he's just doing like little uh, I'm sight interviews with football players and stuff
I just saw him this weekend on a football show sniffing around the locker room
That's a good place for that's the way they say it in Syracuse they say you know come on
See what's with these people please don't give you please
We have an open line of day one and brown at five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on 18 T wireless line
We're doing a very scientific poll here to
Should L president a designer VMP
Uh, free month of sent you they don't even know what the city state office or uh, you just can't stand anymore
This and you don't want to hear another word ever is if you live to be 300
That that's my uh the both of the last this leave Malone and don't let's stop hearing about it
This
impeachment hearings my ass these people up there in congress. What's starting?
That's good. Let's start
Sports radio five sixty
Q a f the Neil Roger show now on Lauderdale
I'm a wind
B.A.Y
As you see K.S
ah
We don't know anything, we're told because we don't know all
Don't brush our teeth, don't come out here, we don't even wear clothes
We're not gonna make you crazy with our bike when part six falls
I'm a monkey or a monkey, she's a monkey, he's a monkey, where are all monkeys now?
We're not well-mattered, we'll be hateful, just love to drop straw
Well don't run, run, run, run, make you laugh until we are bad
Then we'll lay down scratch our bikes and watch you turn red
I'm a monkey or a monkey, she's a monkey, she's a monkey, where are all monkeys now?
We wouldn't want to be a dog that can't enforce our cow
We're smelly and we like it and we've heard the things you said
Don't come with me, be hateful, just love me, we'll live on your head
Oh, I'm a year of age, I'm a year of age, I'm a year of age now
I'm a year of age, I'm a year of age, I'm a year of age now
We're in 32 trees, we're in 3 messed up chainshow
Counties, dots, I've got 50 as well
We're all wild now
We're in 152, the next next up 28th World Market's world
We're all up today even down the line in America because they don't want to tie to this crap
And when the report came out, they breed a collective sigh of relief and said
Oh, that's all it is, we'll screw that, let's go buy some stocks
Two open lines in date, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 6, the uneocteenth-year wireless line
If we had one spy report from the Panther season ticket holders
Who saw the new arena for the first time yesterday?
No
If we had anybody who went over there to see you to grab their seat with a report?
No
Here's the Coral Springs, hello
Morning, young man
Yes, sir
I'm so emotionally spent from the Cubs game yesterday, though
Oh, wasn't that great?
Oh, my God
I mean, those two are
What about those cheegos?
Number 62
And who are the big back you got to put it?
How do you like that?
And we're still a game ahead of them, man
Yeah
Oh, it's just wonderful
What a series
Three-game series, 72 runs scored over the weekend
The Cubs and the Brewers and every game both teams had over 10 runs
Magnificent
Yeah, it was great
Neil, I got to say something about Clinton
I haven't got much to add, your crawlers have been pretty articulate this morning
Probably because they're so pissed off
I'm pretty pissed off too
It's obvious that all he
started trying to do was be punitive
And it's part of this new
sexual
prudery that we have in this country
And he shouldn't reason he's not going to be impeached
But unfortunately
I'm a little pissed off at him because he's given
these
these right-wing Republicans a little more
entrants into our government
That's it
Okay
Okay, we have an open line and date one at
Brad 5.6705.60.506.60 on the 18T wireless line
No conversation from the media
I mean they did a little bit
They had that one excerpt from a dark side of Kamalat by C. Moore's
Few nights ago
But other than that there's a very little mention
Anymore about all the other stuff that's gone on
Orges at the pool with the Kennedys
Orges in a hotel rooms on every campaign stuff
Orges at hotels every time they made a trip
During his presidency
Nobody cared about that because everybody kept their mouth shut
And now that now it's interesting that after all that stuff is coming out to you hear
Anybody saying oh my gosh these people were perverts
They weren't fit to be a president
They should have resigned
No
Whether it's eyes now whether it's Roosevelt
Whether it's Kennedy
And we got the you know like I said the same 30% of the people
That hated Clinton like poison from the beginning
They still hate him
What a surprise
But I encourage since we're doing a very scientific poll here
I want to go out of my way to encourage people
Who would think that he should reside or be impeached to call it in today
I mean I'm not going to argue with the LCD and listen like that one vozo that called before
I'm not going to insult you and call your names like asshole or stuff like that
We've had 11 people uh 10 say that he ought to stay in office and cut the crap
And once that he should resign he's lied to us etc
One vozo said
Here's Miami
Hello
Miami
Going once
Going twice
I was to came you'll be this
Here's point and beat
Chilo
Yes I you're there male
Okay sir
Just hear me out please before you yell and scream and stop it
I got scream or anything I'm listening to your comment
Okay
Number one I do feel he should resign
Yeah
Okay
And number two
There I just want to correct the caller who said it was the Republican to vote it to
Relief
This uh
Oh and most of the Democrats
So here's 60 members of the House
Right
So that means over 130 Democrats
Right that's right and overwhelming majority of all of them
Right
Exactly
So I just want to correct that point of view because he made it sound like it was just Republican
Absolutely
Correct
Thank you and there's one other thing that really bothered me
But let me ask you something do you think that all of that the
Sexually explicit material
Need to be included that 455 pages
Well I'm gonna make a point here
I'm gonna make a point here
What really bothers me
Yeah
Especially
A Jewish person what really bothers me
Is that the black caucus
The reasons that they didn't want this release
The majority of the Democrats who voted not to release this
Yes
Because they did not like this
Relatious detail
That it was a shame that our children should hear this on the internet
We're in the name of God with these people
When when our women of members of the black caucus has ever said anything about gangster rap
The anti-Semitism coming from that
The anti-white
That's killing the police off us
Yeah
Where were they?
How about now
How do you know that none of them ever said anything about that
I don't understand
Neo believe me they haven't
Not wanted to live in you smart
Did you see that on C-San?
Yeah, grotesque
It was the best thing
Jews are the bloodstuckers of America
Let's kill all white police officers
Where was one member of the black caucus
Where was the per outraged then
Yeah
I mean look at this hypocrisy
Good point
And that's the blood ones that are saying that issue
Why did you think I was gonna scream and shout
Oh I
I wasn't sure
I thought they were reasonable man
Thank you for just agreeing with me on this point
And I do think
All he should resign
So but but let me ask you for getting about the black guy
I understand it for you're making there
But do you think that that all needed to be released on the internet
When it got 17 other cartons of stuff that they're concerned about
May and be a source of embarrassment to other people
Why did they need to be in there
Well your point is
The other 26 pages
They could have left the police
He tells them that
That's basically what she's saying
But as I said before
3653 members voted to release it
Right
So it's Democrats and Republicans
But nobody can do that
Oh there's no question lack of spine on both parties
There's no question about that
Okay
We're right there
Thank you
Okay we have an open line in Broward
5670560
pound 560 on the 18th T wireless line
Here's a lady in Hellendale
Hello
Hey
Hi my own
Yes ma'am sounds just like you
This is one of your dish bags
Regular listeners
From Hellendale
Yes
We are seniors
And I want to tell you something
We backed our president 100%
Because he is no different
From anybody else
He's a human being
And it was a disgrace
As such of the disgrace
And everybody who I've spoken to feels the same way
And that this should have been released
Whether it was the internet
Or anything
But I mean it's horrible to prove
Into a person's life
Because that's between him and his wife
Of course
Look whatever I'm saying is a cliche
Already it's old hat
And it's y'all pulled his garbage
And let's go on
And I just want to tell you
We listen to your show every day
We watch you on television at night
There's so much needs to be fixed
For Matt television show
I mean really is
From outer space
I never saw such junk in my life
Yeah
I don't know who they're attracting
I think it's the five and six year old
If anybody is up at that time
The kids are watching cartoons
The ones that watch
And the other show is right
Amongsters
But I'll tell you first
They're digging the little kids
First of all your show should be at least an hour
Yeah
And I mean
I think it ought to be like four hours
They just ought to take the whole four hours
And stick it on there
Uncounsel
Because the other stuff is such
You know what I'm hoping
We're hoping that one of the other
You know
Stations that is a real station
That's not for make believe
A real
A real TV station
Right
That's what we're thinking
It's fun to do a practice
On an equally
And that's some day a real station
Come along and say
Hey, that's a pretty exciting show
Let's put that guy damn thing down
Exactly, you know you're getting your feet wet
No
And I hope I just hope it blossoms
For you
I don't even know if you want that though
If I want one
I mean would you want to go into something more
You know some of the other
Of the real stations
Oh and yeah
If they could do it the same way
You mean do I want to do any more work
The answer is no
Not at my advanced stage
Oh
Have a great day
Okay, bye
Thanks
Okay, we have an open line in Brown
Do I want to do any more work
Less work sounds good
Uh-huh
There you go
By the way, George will be on next week
During my vacation
Oh yeah, that's right
We could tell a whole story
About George Binon
Because Dufflinzi and Greg Reed said
He was great
Put him on
I said okay
Don't start getting
Is not the way it worked
10 minutes after 11 at 5'6'
How
Are you so horny
But thanks to Will
That's the Eric from the tower
And Scott and Keeva Skam
But here's a great facts
From not that their facts is weren't great
But this is really great from Daryl
It said the star report
Had to include all the sexy details
Otherwise a five-page report would look pretty bad
Ha ha ha ha
Yeah, 445 pages of
Slough, smut and slut looks a lot more impressive
Than five pages saying
He didn't do nothing
I mean is there anything
Twice in their dimensions white water
That's the four years and 50 million is now
Not 40 million
Post to 50 million they're saying
That they spent a white water
A 10-year-old land deal
That they indicted these other people on
But could they catch
Bubble or a Hillary on air
No, no one thing
Now one you can bet your bottom dollar
If there was any one shred of inditable evidence
Right there it would have been in the report
Because that's what this report is all about
It's a referral saying
Hey guess what
I think these are all inditable offenses
Even though he of course not the one to make those judgments
These are all impeachable offenses
I say let's impeach Ken star
That's what I say
Let's send him and Janet Wiener to camp
To work to labor camp
Here's the leading Miami B
Chilo
Good morning
Yes, ma'am
Uh
A lot of your call is like you
Are harping on the sexual aspect of the report
What you've been deliberately leaving out
Is the purged repart
Uh-huh
I talked about it in the beginning
No, you've been leaving that part
No, he did not
I said right in the beginning of the show
That lying under oath is not perjury
Lying to a grand jury
Is an impeachable offense
Uh-huh
And how do you know he lied
He lied to a grand jury
How do I know
Yeah
Are you suggesting that
Star lied in his report
I'm saying that he this is a one-sided report
No, are you suggesting that star lied in his report
I am not suggesting
I am telling you that everything in the report is geared to draw certain conclusions
Yes, that's what I'm telling you
Okay, going to a grand jury is an impeachable
How do you know that
Clinton lied
How do you know it's an impeachable offense
Did you write the constitution
Where does it work
Where does it say that
So many people won't be saying so
So many people with the authority
Would not be saying so if it was a lie
Anyhow, let me continue
No, no, but wait man
How do you know that lying to a grand jury is an impeachable offense
How do you know that that fits the definitions of high crimes and misdemeanors
Oh, well, wait a while
Clinton lied
Not once
Not twice
But the multiple of times
Let me see it to again
The lying is not the same as perjury
What is perjury
Perjury means it has to have the material to the testimony
The testimony that the person gave it a Paula Jones case
The even the presiding judge said that the his testimony in that regard was a material
That portion of it that's being talked about
No, that that's the one material in addition to which the case was thrown out anyway
That's the one case
That is on a penis
And that is the result of that is to come
Yeah
Let's leave that to say
Okay, let's leave that one aside Paula Jones
Right
Yes
So there's nothing
What have been wondering
After Monica played the cigar in the private part
After he stuck it in there, yes
Clinton then put it in his mouth
Yes
With all the
substance from Monica on it
With all the what?
The substance
The substance
Yeah, from
From inside
How do you know the substance
So you think she would put it in the thing and it would come all dry
I don't know
Oh yeah, I guess we got the answer to that
No, let's let's let's go
Yes, so what is that?
So we're going to we're going to we're going to impeach him for a second
Yes, so he said Stogi
Let me speak
So I mean, either you know something
This is the best call we've had today by the way she says
The impeach
This is the best call we've had today
You are right
The founding fathers did put that in there it's in very small print in the constitution
But it definitely does say smoking a soggy Stogi is grounds for impeachment
You can see what you want
What I'm asking is
Paula Monica
Was that right?
I'm not in the part
Oh my god
Look how it's not here
No, geez
And he put it in his mouth
I think I said he's
Go home to his wife
And child and kiss them good night with that dirty mouth
Oh he he they got a big bottle of history in there in the oral office
I am not sure what it's called the oral orifice
I'm not sure
No, he's got a big bottle of scope
I am not sure so
In fact, in fact, didn't we get the thing about the scope and the investigation
That's the scope they were talking about
No, no
He used
30 mouth
Yeah
And put more than girls come on the space of his
He loved his wife
Yeah
And child
Yes
And
Yes, that's all I have to do
Okay, thank you
Okay, I guess she wants him out
Am I overstepping my guests there?
I don't think so
Although did you remember during the Kennedy years all those romantics used to call it Kamalot
And now that we're in the 90s maybe they can call this scandal Kamalot
Instead of Kamalot
What do you think?
Good idea?
Okay, nice going, sweetheart
It was a soggy Stogi
Now we got to about
I mean his Ken star, he missed it up
If you would have just had her
This wonderful articular Jamaican lady
Yeah, I think about those Jamaicans by the way
Those Jamaican women
She's got her finger on the pulse of it right on the tip
That's right
It was a soggy Stogi
And he went home and he kissed Hillary and Chelsea
Right on the lips and he had the essence of monocon is pushed
Oh my God, oh my God
She's
Maybe that's why Hillary keeps her distance
Spends a lot of time out of time
Maybe that's what it is
Oh that's sent of Monica
Here's a lady in my any, hello
Hello
Lady in my any
Oh yeah
Yes ma'am
Um Monica was just as guilty as the president
Because the president not forced her to do what she did
Oh no, she was the instigator
That's right
She said so
And she didn't have to
She didn't have to keep going bad
She did not have to keep going bad
If she didn't like it
She didn't have to go back
Yeah, one sound like she liked it
She wanted intercourse
She wanted the whole deal
Well, I don't think he's guilty myself
Okay, you want to
He's a typical man
He's a horny guy
That's right
Okay, thank you
Like I said, that's a redundant horny guy
We know that
And I'm really surprised that the women of America
Give him higher remarks
Of course
It's consistent with people's politics anyway
Because he got more votes from women
Than he got from men
So I guess it's just a lot of hard-ass men
Who are hypocrites
I think if he would have been doing attractive women
I think the men of America
Probably give him like real high marks
He'd probably be up there in the 80 and 90 range
As far as approval rating from men
Or Jealous and saying
All right
Yeah
It's going air, will he?
But when you're talking about slots like this
I think it's a lot more difficult
Oh, and then one of these congressman
One of these right wingers gets on air last night
And he says
Well, you know, it's a lot different
I mean Kennedy was a Merlin Monroe
And he was a 21-year-old intern
How do we know the ages of all the
The prostitutes
All the hookers that they used to bring in for the orgies
For the Kennedies
Not only did we know their ages
We didn't even know who the hell they were
The secret service was always having a nervous breakdown
Because they had no idea who these women were
German spies
Mafia spy
Who the hell are these people
We don't know
The Kennedies boys are in there
With all their assistants
And they're having a good time
Boys will be boys
And the media still can't accept this
All this is disgusting
It's grotesque
It's the facing
Like this is some kind of a surprise
They try to would a Jennifer flowers thing
That was supposed to get the public's side cut
They try to would a Paula Jones thing
Which by the way it's real interesting
I love these people
Including Anita Hill by the way
All these women who wait for years
And none of us can they come forward say
Oh well, long, guess what
He said kiss it
I would bear my I would bear my
Braco and say kiss that is what I would tell them
How come all of a sudden after all these years
Now you're pissed off and indignant
And how come we got these after after Paula's attorneys
The original ones quick
And walked away
How come he's right wing funded
And turnies all of a sudden
Instead of representing her
And she
Her first TD currents was on with that
Sanctum on his Pat Robertson
On the 700 Club
Who filed it his first child out of wedlock
Who was born 10 weeks after they got married
How come that was
How Paula
With that phony nose
The only thing worse than a phony nose
Is a phony
Anel plug
Oh that thing is really
I'm talking to that's too it's not forgiving
Okay, we're
That's what taking
Ha ha
It's what
It's for taking
Oh no not for mine
Here's a lady mobile in West Palm Beach
Hello
I'm Neil how are you
I'm doing great
Good listen I have a question for you before I get to
All this for Costa Clinton stuff
For Costa Craf, you know
Yeah there's a bar down the street for me now
And they painted it bright pink
And it's called Cibio
Sports bar
What does Cibio mean
Cibio
C-I-D-A-O
Well Cibio
Scott bio hangs out there
Oh okay
I have no idea what that means
Lord doesn't know
Is that is that espanyol
I think so
Cibio
Maybe it's my name
Yeah maybe it's some of Goufals name
Oh well
Anyway um
I guess
I guess about this Clinton stuff
What I
I really don't want to see a president gore
At all
What's that?
I
I mean he just seems to be a little bit of a green Nazi
I think
You know I don't know that he would even be that effective or anything
Or have any power but
If they're going to impeach or whatever
If he's going to resign
Hopefully he'll do it before that January 20th
Cutoff
Yeah
So they uh
They're
Well do you think you ought to you think you ought to resign?
Um
You know the line park
I don't know
The line park bothers me all the sexual stuff
I think it's just
It's a bad example that really
If it's the media's fault of painting it
You know all over the place every day
You know
So what do you think?
But as far as the line park
I think that's pretty bad
But even though a normal any normal man's going to lie
About having an affair
So I don't know
So you don't know you're undecided
Well I just been ready for it to go away
Check of it
You can't stand anymore
Okay, thanks
Have a great day
You did
Of course uh you know lying about covering up a sexual affair is one thing
Lying about uh you know diverting uh funsy legally to the contras
That was another thing
Reagan should have been impeached for that
Bush should have been impeached for that
Oh we didn't know nothing
That was the famous line for that
They had nothing to do with that
Remember that
They just uh yeah they
They couldn't remember of course
Reagan can't remember anything now
It's very convenient
All falls under the same category
And of course
Johnson with the Gulf of Tonkin
The light about that
Roosevelt light you know Roosevelt had three separate warnings about Pearl Harbor
You do know that don't you
And the only reason that we sat back and did nothing so that would be a convenient excuse for us to get into the world war two
As you'd already promised Weinstein Churchill
Who also smoked a big stogie
You see the connection between cigars and all of this stuff that's going on in the world
I told you see gars are what makes the world go around
I've been telling you that for a long time
So just pop a big one in your purse
And then go home and give Hillary a big kiss for it
Here's uh
What is it? Parine hello
Hey Neil. I'll set pepper dine. That's a Ken star for you and slip
How you doing today? Great
You just stole my bit right out of my mouth with the conscious thoughts
It's amazing how this country is so shocked by something like this
And when a president in office commits treason by selling weapons
So our enemies who end up using it against us in the Gulf war
I find that amazing. Yeah
It's
I think this thing should just blow away. I'll give one to bother and uh
Let's hope the market stays the way it's going
Up on 170 points the world. I think it's gonna go up to about 250 days. Okay. All right. Have a good day
Okay, sell tomorrow. Okay. We have an open line of date. By the way those Hilton hotels
That's been downgraded because the earnings were like and you want to know why the earnings were way down
Hotel's in Hawaii and uh
California because uh all the uh no more Asian tourists
That's right
And so I say wait another couple of days and then buy Hilton like crazy. Here's gonna be the great
Ha ha like this. Oh buy that Hilton stock like crazy, baby
That's my one shink and my armor. Oh, did he say chink there he goes again next to be saying stick again
Let me say a one more time if you don't have a sense of humor about yourself
You're gonna live a very very sad and depressive. I'm gonna be taking a lot of value
And a lot of our pros act with the raw what's his name? Ron Raymond whatever's they mean
Here's it not today Ron. It'll be about give you the signal in about three years
Here's a mobile and lake worth hello
Hey Neil. Yes, sir
Well, I gotta say I'm a little politician. Yes, and I don't think you should be engaged
Yeah, because I'll say what I think for our party
He has been the greatest thing that ever happened in a republican party. We'll probably gonna pick up 40
How it's probably gonna pick up six seven cent at sea. Uh-huh. I don't know. Do you know that?
I know the truth you think that the you don't think there's gonna be a backlash by people that are pissed off at the Ken
Star if that's the case if the if the people really are gonna take it out of the Democratic party
And the people who pissed off how come as approval ratings are going up. I'm not saying they're not
I hope you know, I'm going out of the space. Yeah, you have practiced the story to Democratic party
We got us the Congress tonight and born. Yeah
We're increasing the Senate's team. Yeah, and increased governorships. Mm-hmm
And uh, you know, I think it's great. I just wonder if I leave him alone. No, the sun is what you're saying is that your party is more important than the country is that what you're saying
Well, no, I'm saying that's good as long as you know everybody
No, I don't really know if those are all in people's attention, but it's it's significantly wink in him
As to be a woman you're really answering the question about it now. He's approval rating
What's he's done a pretty good job? I'm not saying he hasn't yeah
What I'm saying that for the Republican party for the best thing to wrap. Okay. Well, you know a lot of people have said that
The public is very happy with the Democratic president of the Republican Congress. Maybe that's the way it is
Maybe but I wouldn't count your votes before they come in because I think you may be surprised
There you go. Okay. I got you down 1127 at 560
Where you got it. It's forced radio 560 QA
I'm sure and got on those with who or what?
Yeah, but my point is he's got a wrong stash of stonies. All right
Hey, well, I'm going to see he's doing right by the you know by the country and let him do his deal
I mean
just because he's he's
Father of the United States as you will
It's more serious. He's wide about it
But I know that all your listeners are out there
They've done the same thing that he's done. I'm sure but I mean why is he any different? You know if he lied he lied
Yeah, I don't agree with him lying about it
But he got caught but I can tell you there's how many other people have been in that office that haven't done the same thing
Just first of all one of these people aren't understand because the media is not doing a very good job of laying the
Zop for them when two people have a consenting affair and it could be a source of
Endurism for one or both of them and usually that's the case they have there's an understanding there and they they you know
They make sure that they talk about ways to cover their ass and to be sure that it doesn't leak out
So he from the beginning had every reason to assume because she kept assuring him that she wasn't gonna spill the beans
She wasn't gonna open up her big fat mouth for her foot and so he had every reasonably that they were both going to be lying about it
Because they were both agreeing to cover up and after a marital affair in his case right and her case being a slut
I mean why is it this a particular woman
Has brought up the distance whenever Paula Jones couldn't get locked on with it
I mean they turned her right away but Paula didn't have the dress
Have a great day pal. All right good luck. That's right. No, no, seriously
If she didn't have the stained dress
That would have been the end of it there would have been no more nothing
And would strictly be one of those he said she said her reward and her word
She's already a confessed liar and which again they keep forgetting about
She lied through her teeth and her testimony to Paula Jones civil trial lie all over the place
She didn't have a fair. She didn't have an affair. She thinks about she had a cigar
She's lying all over the guy that place in fact she told her friend
That was one of the things we heard months ago is that all the experience. She's had being a liar all her life
She's an expert at it
Just like Kathleen Willie's girlfriend said although she asked her to lie for like two or three different times
The same Kathleen Willie that kept writing those letters after this incident allegedly happened
About how what a big fan she was and hoping to come back and work in a presence reelection campaign
See if you're gonna dimble around don't start screaming like three four years later or a couple of years later
Oh, well, gee. He did this he did if you're gonna screw around and you want to make a complaint about it do it now
Not later on like an afterthought whether it's a Republican whether it's a Democrat whether it's an e-dehilt or Paula Jones or anybody else
I
Here's a mobile in my movie chill out. Yeah, hello Neil. Yes, sir. Hi. How are you great?
Good glad to hear it. I just wanted to talk to a little about your thing that's going on with the president
How about personal feeling on it as follows?
You know the guy had an extra marital affair. Let's think it 80% of the men in this country are having extra marital affairs
I think that he should be impeached because
Listen the guy is representing the United States from there the entire international community
And it's coming across being taken as a sexual tape. Okay, keep your penis in a pan. Uh-huh
And of course we know that doesn't happen anywhere else in the world happens all over the world
This is the person who is directing things around the world how many countries in the world can say that they do and are responsible for
What the United States is? Let me ask you this did Rose develop was he the president four times through the impression and then the world for?
Yes, okay, I have a great thing was he?
No, I just made it up. I just made it up
Oh
Okay, we have an open-line of David's this move along and then you know the American public
The education system was and you know if you weren't living through which how was three years old when Roosevelt died?
Okay, but I've done a little reading in my life. Everybody knows he had a mistress. She was there when he died
Eleanor became a bulldog for whatever she decided
You know, she was going off this way in her own way and she had a wife didn't even live in the same house
He had a built a separate bought a separate house for her or she was living with her
With her whatever she was friend her buddy bud
And
He somehow got us to you know and and was respected all over the world
There he was at the multi conference and the yalta conference and by the time he died by the way he was like
Seen hall is all hell, but that's beside the point he had a lot of stress
Is if this guy is suggesting I better put him down for we're getting him on this number five
Suggesting that because the guy's screwing around that he has no respect around the rest of the world quite in the contrary
Lemon in Paris where they know about screw it around the headline yesterday was sexual
McCarthyism in America
Which hunts
The only ones that were up fighting Prudish about it of course with the brits all the British papers yesterday
Ah, hi. He's out. He's got to go because the brits they all like to do it, but they pretend they don't like the royal family
Who do it a lot with anything that moves? We have an opalion in date five six seven oh five sixty
Five sixty on the eighteen T wireless line and if you've seen the royal family you understand why those do with anything that moves
Because they all are rich that wins your family baby. Are they beautiful or what?
Here's a western hello
Hello, yes, sir. I do I want to be arena and it's unbelievable
It's we almost gave up our tickets because it was it's is they're very expensive to see right?
I'm in 134 that were you are 134 on the one oh
You're one over from me and
We had a lot of mid-mints this coming year and so I was gonna miss a lot of games
But we I went to the arena on Friday just to take a look at it Friday? Yeah
You know I snuck in the back with the construction workers. Yeah, well you just it's a thing is huge
You mean you can get lost if you go downstairs in the ground floor where the locker rooms are right
It's I've told me that thing is not gigantic
It's big and I went when I sat in my seat and
I mean we're in a fifth row down the front and and I just said
You know you lose the spot you lose the spot you can't make it up next year and say okay
I just came my mind once they're gone they're gone and so
We just found some people that want to come in with us on them
But I there it was night and the people there were nice
It's I'll tell you the people that are in the mean a club section the restaurant and that whole thing up there on that
That level there where we are sweet talk. It's first class
Whatever
High thing those problems are
You did get this thing done or at least as people did the one thing and I was they got this thing done a one year
They did a super job. There's no question about that. It's palatial. It's just it's unbelievable the
although
The access to the players this year. I mean there's a fence then just like in the football stadium
There's gonna be a little fence in area with a guard gate there around the back
So
You know those days where you could hang out with the players and leave them alone
But believe me after the game after most of the games this year
I have a feeling they're gonna want to get out of there and hurry anyway, but it's it's gonna be now
I mean a road and it's just it's an incredible walking in that place. Yep. It's really special. Well, thank god
We got a great arena. It is really nice. This is staying with with
The president. I met girls like this and I know guys that have met girls like this up when they were in college
The spandee live in his fantasy land. So you grow. He loves me
There's wife and I mean the story
She
What a sleeve bag this girl is what I'm mad about is the people that were around the president
Why didn't they when they see her there? Why they didn't kick her ass out of unless you would blight now
They eventually did but I mean not soon enough
But I mean they realized that it was becoming that she was psychobic and that it was becoming out of control
They finally got a rash ripped off to the Pentagon, but in the meantime he was in a talking to a dittle on the phone and
Making arrangements for her sneak in other ways and that's where it goes. I had
suspected that maybe she was blackmailing him and
You know if he didn't cooperate she was gonna tell all and they said that last night
They were talking about that she's right when we fight you know got rid of her and sent her off and go some other department
That she said that if you don't cooperate, I'm gonna tell all and this is what happens when you get stuck with these
And then then he got a job of the you went in the beginning she thought that was fine and then she thought about wow
I rather have a job in the private sector and you know, I mean she showed her two colors in the end
And that's why she kept the dress because she's a she's a scorned bitch. Yeah, that's exactly what it is
Okay, pal. Thanks. See you at the arena
Okay, there's somebody that saw the arena although not on Saturday
If we anybody else out there that was in to see their seats of the arena on Saturday
No, there was sure a lot of traffic out there in West Broward. Oh nobody out there
It's 1155 and oh
Barnes and the expose wow
I mentioned I have at least 15 frogs for that game there tonight
Boy you talk about a franchise and big trouble Montreal expose the team sucks the fans suck
The city sucks more y'all
Hey, everybody out there knows that I love
Q a l
The Neil Roger show holy
Maconon this is Joe Bolin the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority Q a.m
So Michael Russo wrote a real skating column was it yesterday or the 84 about the
It's gonna be another crap team which I thought Michael Russo and now evidently they got to them and said hey, you better cut the crap
And today's paper panthers reversal of fortune began with trade from a claim
Oh my god here on the one hand they're trying to tell us that they're desperate to trade him and they were a praying out of the
Got Sean Burke who was very weak anyway that now would be a good idea to get rid of Kirkman claim
There's two and a half million dollar salary
But just in case they can't get rid of him in case they can't sign cable weeks and case they have to keep Kirk the jerk
Now they're trying to pedal the story about hey, you know things really started to turn around for us after we got him
A couple of games that he played a couple of good games as usual stuck to join out
Oh my god the spin doctors are ready to gamble one good piece of news for the few hockey fans
I got out there in this audience is this year nobody's gonna be interfering with the stuff that I got to say
I don't care what anybody thinks whether they like it. They don't like it bad good or indifferent. I'm gonna say exactly
The way it is and if they don't like it too bad
We have an open line at Dave wanted Broward 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a mobile one line
Here's Miami hello
Hello, yes sir Neil your god. Yes, I am
Um, first of all, Republicans are using this independent council as a weapon
Uh, you know, they spent 40 million dollars to find out that Clinton had a had a fixed life and uh
Now this is this is a larger issue. The Republican got nothing better to do than
And the disgrace this guy is already in office
And this is the outrage I think and what really cracks me up his last night
You know some of these pundits these uh
These sanctum only as hypocrites in the media sitting around saying well, you know
Are we ever gonna be able to look at him again and view him in the same way that we did before
You know how many people that we look at every day who are screwing around with everything that moves
What does that have to do with the price of rice? What does that have to do with anything?
Well, if it's not Clinton they're gonna go after them. They're gonna go after core. Yeah, and they're already doing that
And when will the Republican stop using the reusing the independent council as a weapon?
You know, they're changing the face of politics in a worse way. Yeah, and uh, the American public deserves this because they've been going through it until life
And not involved in politics. Well, the Dow is up
2011 points. So somebody out there must be relieved that this is only God and we're all sticking our heads in the standard
There's a third rate sex story. Okay. Have a great day sir
We have an open line in uh
Broward 56705 60 pound five 60 on a mobile one line
There's a mobile in West Palm Beach. Hello
Neil how are you today? Okay, sir
I two things earlier you said that the royals were doing anything that move was that with a beer and oh oh at
M oh oh after M.O.V.D.S
Anything that moves or moves moves
Oh, right um other thing it cracked me up. I hadn't be have a radio access. There are some princess Margaret. I think she moves
She has before that got caught in jack coal the other afternoon
And I heard a guy call in
Is unfeeling and it's of course made the stiffnesses on his foot. He said
Can you imagine the president standing across from a terrorist and that the terrorist has to have an answer of yes or no
From the president will he believe what the president says to him? Yeah, that's not
We only work into the president stands and what's out of doing the terrorist stands under their naces other down
It's too good. Yeah, it's probably people out there that don't have them
I'm so thankful the Clinton got one so they can enjoy it. Okay. Take care, Neil
See yeah
That's right for a lot of people out there who are desperate see those are the people are read those romance novels and
All those other salacious lady chatterlies lover. They're running into the library. You know to get it when it first came out
Oh, gee, I got to read I got to read about it because I can't get it
I can't do any myself so I better read about it like all those losers on the internet
Oh, that is so sad. We have an open line in date county five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line
There's a mobile in port pierce hello. Hey Neil. How you doing? Okay, sir
Um first of all as now president can be in a piece for anything involving questionable morality
Okay
Secondly says who where did that come from?
It's I learned it in political science. It's not true
Whoever told you learned it in political science. So it makes it so so because somebody questionable morality
He's got him to do it. We've had play rover Cleveland a father to trial out a wedlock and he was reelected president
Of Thomas Jefferson was having sex with his slave. He was reelected president
I'm just letting you know I read that in the book sir. It is not true high crimes in this demeanors
Which is not which is not defined?
Okay, also
If anything else, they should be impeached for security because
All right, like when I was in the military, right? I had a top secret clearance and we had to attend classes
To show
To show us like on our personal time how we could get picked up by somebody or whatever and then
You know, it could be a spy from another country or whatever and they could get bet by talk out of us or whatever. Yeah
Okay, like the entities were doing. Yes, right. So I mean
He
You know, he should have used more discretion as far as that goes and part as far as for wait
I don't you think that when Monica Lewinsky came in was brought in as an intern that there was some screening and they found out that she wasn't
some kind of a spy for
For the communist is or for the sand and east is or any other
The only one. I mean how many are in line saying it now hundred? You know and secondly, I feel there. I'm enlisting
I thirdly
um
As far as everybody else doing is that doesn't make a difference. Okay, um when you get a speeding ticket and you go to court
You say well everybody was doing that. They don't care about that. Okay. Everybody else doing it isn't a defense
All right, so now would you comparing impeaching the president of the United States with getting a speeding ticket?
Is that what you're saying? Is that how serious this matter is? No, I'm just saying that everybody else does it isn't
Isn't it excuse? It's not right. Okay, cheating is not right. I mean
So let me just say this to you. Okay. No, this may come as a revolutionary concept
Did it ever dawn on you that if nobody's business? I've heard many people make that comment last week
And I and I've also said that before that when they asked them these questions back in January
He should have said it's nobody's god damn business
The people are real happy with the job I'm doing this president
And let's move on with the affairs of government and I'll worry about my affairs and my marriage and don't be worrying about it
It's nobody's business
He was being super sexual harassment that's directly relative to the case in a case that was thrown
I know it was not the right. Let me say it again, sir
The judge in that case, you know you didn't you just got through tell me that you took what kind of a course and intercourse
Political science where you must have flunked pal because you know what you're talking about
That evidence was that that testimony rather in a his deposition was ruled immaterial by the judge
It wasn't relevant and then the case was thrown out
But this guy learned oh yeah, you can be impeached for immorality based on what he read it in the book somewhere
He just is making it up as he goes along
And if you want to read more in fact they had Alexander Hamilton wrote in a more lengthy treatise
In 1789 about impeachment and what it was meant to be used for and not a political football
And he expounded and expanded on it and believe me this kind of thing had nothing to do with what the founding fathers had in mind
What they had in mind is that I might want to you know
Abandon elections take over the government etc and so on those are the kinds of things
That's what high crimes in misdemeanors
Well, it was referenced through by the founding fathers. I mean like Nixon would say not because somebody is screwing around
And anybody who would compare this is never with you water
And the abuse of every agency of government
Over the line I got news for every president who's ever been in here has lied
Do I know that for a fact? No, that's just my best educated guest and certainly in my life fun each and every one of them is lies
And this are all inspected by the way this sanctum on the assassin from Pennsylvania
He's still looking for the magic bullet on that stretcher at Parkland hospital in Dallas that single magic bullet that killed Kennedy and went you
Connolly's wrist and went hearing that and right up into his recto right
Somebody needs to get him some psychological help and also fix those jowls
It's 11 after noon at 5.62
Okay
The city council on foreign relations it's hot enough for like two seconds just so they realize that he's still lying there
First thing they needed was for America to put its economic house in order. Okay, that's not well
Just so they realize he's still you know doing this thing
He hasn't like sculpt off in a corner ahead and somewhere with his skull cap on he's just still doing a business in the moving right along
So far we got what's the 17 and 17 say ought to stay in one
To six 17 six a day out of his time to be in peace. That's like 70 to 30 percent. That's an interesting number isn't it?
Kind of like mirroring those numbers that we see in virtually every other pole by every other network except ABC
Where Sam Donaldson and George Willough putting all the extra vote and Kookie Roberts is putting the icing on a case
ABC news no credibility zero whatsoever. Okay, a TV news lynch mob. That's what ABC is
And also MSNBC. I guess NBC figures will be got the NBC network, which is very liberal
So let's take one branch of that MSNBC and put all the fascist on over there
Like that John Gibson. I'm gonna tell you something if I ever saw him out there in the street
I would take a nail with two by four with a rusty nail and just a bit slap that's come back. He makes me nauseous
When Clinton was doing the his speech about when the Friday night they were doing the thing with the Irish group out there at the White House in a Hillary and the Ted Kennedy
and George Mitchell
And they have clips of that on there then he finally finished speaking and John Gibson comes back
I swear to you. I thought he was gonna have an accident in his pants. He was like, oh the president is finished
speaking and we'll be right back. Oh, yeah, seriously
I think you had such sexual excitement that I thought maybe he was hiding a cigar somewhere like maybe in his record. Wow
Who the hell are you kidding John Gibson you phony baloney go back and cover the old J-crow less more your speed you jackass
I mean anybody honors and pedal to have whatever opinion they want
But if you're pretending to be a moderator and to be like, you know impartial and all along
Everybody realizes that you're not who the hell are you kidding kidding anybody except a few of those old ladies out there watching
Here's a
Where we going mobile in the song rest hello
Oh, yes sir
Hello, yes sir
Speak to me sir. Oh, okay. Yeah, I wouldn't take that my state Saturday and
It's nice. The only thing is about the parking lot they finished the
uh
Oh, couldn't far finish the big road which went the street down in the bridge
Mm-hmm. Then it's the road so we can get in and out. Yeah
I'm the only thing I think I don't know how long is that gonna be I don't know
But that's that they've been working on that curve at open and flamingo forever. Mm-hmm. And it's still not even done. It'll be done
I'll be home
In fact, the arena was really nice. The last time I was in the arena before last week was the back in
June which is only like two and a half months ago. Right. So maybe with you gonna early July and the amount of work
That they got done in two months was those spectacular that uh, yeah
Well, once they get all the basics in there in the foundakins what they can do with just a couple of months will amazing
Oh, I don't guess that he's really nice, but it's gonna be so much better than the real okay
I'll see you there. Thank you. I'll see you there. We'll have a great time
It's quite of the fact we're gonna have a bogus team
We're gonna have lots of excuses and they're doing the spins all again
They're spinning it all over the place you spin this okay Brian see one thing I want to remind you Brian wasn't a genius last year
Is he gonna be a genius this year? No, he's still the same guy
And yeah, they try they try to get the
Resurring they wanted goes if they couldn't get him at least be in the
