Did you get my order?
A double cheeseburger, onion rings, and a large, arms drink.
A double cheeseburger, onion rings, and a large, arms drink.
A double cheeseburger, a double cheeseburger, onion rings, and a large, arms drink.
Onion rings, and a large, arms drink.
A large, arms drink, drinks, and a large, arms drink.
A double cheeseburger, a double cheeseburger, onion rings, and a large, arms drink.
A double cheeseburger, a double cheeseburger, onion rings, and a large, arms drink.
A double cheeseburger, a double cheeseburger, onion rings, and a large, arms drink.
A double cheeseburger, a double cheeseburger, onion rings, and a large, arms drink.
A double cheeseburger, a double cheeseburger, onion rings, and a large, arms drink.
A double cheeseburger, a double cheeseburger, onion rings, and a large, arms drink.
A double cheeseburger, a double cheeseburger, onion rings, and a large, arms drink.
A double cheeseburger, a double cheeseburger, onion rings, and a large, arms drink.
A double cheeseburger, a double cheeseburger, onion rings, and a large, arms drink.
A double cheeseburger, a double cheeseburger, onion rings, and a large, arms drink.
A double cheeseburger, a double cheeseburger, onion rings, and a large, arms drink.
A double cheeseburger, a double cheeseburger, onion rings, and a large, arms drink.
A double cheeseburger, a double cheeseburger, onion rings, and a large, arms drink.
A double cheeseburger, a double cheeseburger, onion rings, and a large, arms drink.
A double cheeseburger, a double cheeseburger, onion rings, and a large, arms drink.
A double cheeseburger, a double cheeseburger, onion rings, and a large, arms drink.
A double cheeseburger, a double cheeseburger, onion rings, and a large, arms drink.
A double cheeseburger, a double cheeseburger, onion rings, and a large, arms drink.
A double cheeseburger, a double cheeseburger, onion rings, and a large, arms drink.
This is the same guy that had a guy smoking pot on the year on Kennence Frequency a couple of months ago, way back when in those early, when he days.
He said it's okay to be smoking marijuana on television, no less, much less in the house.
He said, I'm not a dog, I mean his eyes darting around like a cornered rat, I think would be a good expression, a good analogy.
The first amendment is for everybody, including broadcasters on your television station.
The first amendment is for everybody, including broadcasters on your television station.
The first amendment is for everybody, including broadcasters on your television station.
The second amendment is for everybody, including broadcasters on your television station.
That's right, bad lesson involved in your okay? See, we can't moralize for everybody else. If you've got to learn things at home.
This is another example of parental lack of responsibility. Teach your kids about drugs, about not smoking cigarettes, about don't do what I do, do what I say, because that's what most of you believe anyway.
So, what's up? I'm ordering myself five whiskey straight up. I just had my first hummer.
Hey, Freddie, boy, hey, bartender, get my buddy here, a celebration gold. He just had his first hummer.
It's her times like these when you really want a party that you should settle for no less than a celebration gold beer.
Hey, Mikey, thanks a bunch. If a celebration gold don't get this taste out of my mouth, nothing will.
And it's for times like these that you need a celebration game. The only beer with real mouthwash and it's make that a celebration game, bartender.
I'm like, game, Mikey. I just needed some cash. I was take the beer and shut up, Frankie. Celebration gold and celebration, gay. The best beer for any occasion. I'm not.
Just move over. Will you, Frankie? Yeah, over there is good. 1044-560 WQ. I guess they must have never had mad magazine in Israel, huh?
Because the Maddie is upbringing never understood what sat there is all about. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello.
Okay, thank you. Here's the pompano. Hello. Pompano. Yes, sir. First of all, I'd like to say I was visited by the secret service last week.
And second law, I'd say that by the secret service. Yes. I called my state representatives second time of my life.
And I complained and stated that I believe that the government was illegal totally. Even though I'm a registered Democrat, I saw your show last night or I saw a clip of your show the night before on WAMI.
Yeah. And I believe that marijuana should be legalized and the government shouldn't terrorize because I accused my representative of feeding into financial terrorism along from him all the way up to Bill Clinton.
Hey, let me ask you something. What language are you speaking? What are you talking about? I'm talking about people having a misrepresentation and court and government.
Okay, great. Melissa, there's one good, one vote against smoking weed right there. Okay. I think I may take the cap off.
Two open lines a day. Look at this. Is this audience worked up to a friendship about this or what? No. Two open lines a day, two and brown. 566-705-60-Pomp-560-Animable-One Line.
Unbelievable. Here's Carl Gables. Hello.
That last guy was talking about no taxation without representation.
Yeah. I was just talking. I was thinking, if you want to end the deficit, we'll legalize marijuana. Biggest tax-stopping America may have already been said.
But I just wanted to call and say that and how proud I am. So happy I am that you're talking about this today.
It's such a great subject and that's really all I had to say.
Okay. God bless you, sir. Go smoke some more. Okay. There's two reasons to keep it legal right there.
Although this guy, he wasn't doing weed. He was on speed this last kid. He sounded like who I think he was doing helium.
Here's a poppin'o. Hello.
Neil. Yes, sir. Sounded like Geldian Drag. Yes, sir.
Good morning, sir. Listen, you talk it today. It's very informative to the point where I think it should be legalized because if people want to grow it, how this bit sell it and package it,
it could do with the economy good. It does no harm. It doesn't leave to other things.
Only a person that is going to bring you to a Brit and say, jump. You have a choice. You're either going to jump or you're going to say screw you.
Doesn't make you do any other drugs any more than drag it in a door.
Of course. That's a great card liquor. That kind of mentality is that prohibition mentality is how it knickers.
It's because the only reason why they don't take a look at it and nicotine out this shelf is because the taxes.
The taxes and because it's big business. They're making money.
The enormous business, yes. The enormous.
So I think what you should do is pick up your campaign like you spoke of last week, you know harm, make bumpers, pickers, make buttons and just kicking it to full force and say, hey, 80% of the people in this world anyway.
We have an open lot. This is part of that hypocrisy that America is all about saying, sanctumony is hypocrites.
Don't do as we do. Do as we say. And just like the Clinton thing with a sex.
I mean, it's a lie out there on a straight day in between who gets it up who doesn't like oral sex. Oh, okay. I'm talking about the receiving end.
But oh my God, this was terrible and disgusting. All these people get up there and say the things that they believe that they're supposed to say.
It's like when they take a poll and they put the question in such a way that they know the kind of response they're going to elicit because people think that they're supposed to say a certain thing.
Have you ever had a homosexual experience? No, of course not. Do you think I'm some kind of a fag? I don't mean me, of course.
I'm not just some kind of a fag. I'm like a major big league fag. I'm just talking about your ordinary pedestrian, poli out there who's getting pulled so to speak.
Have you ever, have you ever inhaled? Oh, see the fact that we had to have even a discussion that there had to be a question about Bill Clinton.
Here they had the sanctimonious born again Christian, one of Paula Jones attorneys on 60 minutes last week, a week ago, Sunday.
He not only did weed and inhale, he was doing heroin. He was doing LSD. Every drugs that we haven't even heard of before. But now he accepted Jesus.
He's always okay. And he's probably up there in Conway, Georgia looking for the Virgin Mary looking for the good stuff.
Saint the Monious hypocrisy. America, you've got to grow up. That's the message. That's my message. That's the message in his car that I got on my camp.
And if this fat bald headed Israeli wants to put the show on that I live up to his word, then I'll take the cap off tomorrow.
We can go back to putting the show on there that might get somebody to watch it the next two or three weeks and keep these poor bastards working in here.
We don't know where the next meal is coming from. I'm willing to compromise. I'm not a total hard ass. But if the guy really means what he says and is willing to understand the message that is coming from here, when they had out loud on the air, didn't they discuss legalization marijuana?
Didn't they discuss legalization prostitution? Didn't they discuss Saddle Massacism? Every kind of issue you could ever discuss as I recall. Of course, it shows off the year now.
Because it was direct, but nevertheless, see that was okay. But when you use some kind of a prop in here to make a satirical statement, oh my God, that's a bad message you're sending out.
I wonder if are they banning beer commercials on that station, by the way? Did they have beer commercials on whany? No. But have they banned them? No, they're just not getting anybody.
But if they were to put the Budweiser frogs on there, they were on the pay to buy Budweiser spots at that station. Would they, er, you make your suite as they would? They take the money.
Oh, that's not illegal. Yeah. And how about all the ball game? Well, wait a minute. How about all the ball games? Budweiser is the biggest single sponsor of every sporting event. And in Canada, with the hockey games, it's most an end of that beer.
I don't you think that there are enormous millions of kids that are watching those sporting events? You bet your suite at and doesn't attend them? Is there a message in there that it's great to drink beer?
If you're watching a sporting event, some little kids use that commercial with the Budweiser frogs and how cute they are, which is like one step away from Joe Cannell. Oh, there you go.
Here's a mobile and curl springs. Hello. Thank you, Neil, for bringing up this whole issue. The issue isn't really whether you're in favor of marijuana or not.
The issue was your right to express your opinion and be free in this country. Freedom, freedom. And too many people in this country haven't got the foggiest idea what freedom is all about, which like I said is what makes Amsterdam the greatest city in the world.
And what what whammy he seems to be doing is is cowering into this conservative totalitarianism, which is making everybody afraid to express their opinion and be free.
And how can somebody who claims to be a director of a TV station come on a year and say the first amendment is only for the little guy in the street corner, the little underling out there, they can go on his soapbox on the street corner.
The first amendment last time I checked was for all of us. Exactly. He as a holder of a public license, his position should be to protect our rights, not to restrict them.
And thank you, Neil. Amen God bless you, sir.
Thank you. God bless you. We have an open line and see because I forgot to mention on the DNH show, which the natural show, but on there, that was a great show.
That should have been on there, didn't get on there because that was wearing his cat. So the message becomes unheard by the TV audience, those 30 people watching the whole listen to the radio show, unheard because I'm wearing his cat on a show.
But I forgot to mention that one of the most important tenants of the Duno harm religion is TNC take no crap, which for years, I told you, that's a very important part of my philosophy.
And of course, that that evolves during the course of your lifetime when your young have to take a certain amount of crap from your parents, from your teachers in school, then when you go out and you get your first jobs, you have to take certain amount of crap from your bosses.
But then hopefully as you evolve in life and as you work your way into a stronger position, you have to take less and less crap.
You hope to reach the point where you don't have to take any crap in life.
Life is too short. Why should I or anybody else have to take crap from somebody who's on a goddamn, could pulp freak script? What the hell should I have to take crap from him?
We doesn't even know what he's talking about.
Oh, we're going to get him to knock him under. We're going to show him, yeah, right. Blow it out your ass.
Yes, sir. Hello.
Oh, God. Yes, sir.
I am just applauding here on this show. This is great, man. I just woke up this morning, turned on the show and I just thought it was amazing.
But one thing you haven't talked about is this ridiculous, this ridiculous paradox of drug testing.
I mean, this whole deal of, all right, fine. It's illegal. It's hard enough that we got to pay these extraordinary prices for a gram of a plant.
Much less that they have to take care of what we can do on our free time.
Exactly.
I mean, just a 56. The fact that I mean, I imagine you know, the last certain job here.
I can see if I'm going to have open a heart surgery and then Mount Sinai, the chief operating surgeon or shouldn't be on drugs.
He should submit the drug testing because he shouldn't be stoned out of his mind if he's going to do open heart surgery.
But I can only think of a very limited number. You know, if I want to get on a commercial jet, I would think that the pilot, you know, probably shouldn't be stoned out of his mind if he's going to fly me safely wherever I'm going.
But a very limited number of occupations like that where you deal with people's life and death.
But other than that, it's not their goddamn business.
Some kid at efforts does not need to be drug test. Right.
What? So he can clean the aisle a little bit faster.
Exactly.
It's absolutely ridiculous.
It's just, it's an and the whole whammy thing. I just want to tell you something and me and my friends, there is nothing we enjoy more than sitting around and doing bonk hits while watching Neil at night.
There you go.
There is just nothing more pleasurable. It's fun. You may be sure it's fighting. It's great. And whammy is a bunch of idiots for canceling you if they do.
Okay.
And also Neil,
unless we show you were talking about how to know if you were kidding. You were talking about doing a fast, the cleansing fast.
Yeah.
Yeah. Just like to tell you, I'm four days into one. And I'm feeling great, man.
Really?
I'm just feeling like I'm top of the world. I just, you know, I haven't eaten a thing in four days and I just ask you.
Well, I'm asking to lunch at mommy's today. I'll guarantee you that. Have a great day, pal. See you.
And by the way, no mind on bread today, my just a reminder.
Now, you know what's going to happen? There'll be that will not come up in conversation because you know, there's an old saying the less said the better and in certain cases, that's very true.
So there's nothing for me to say to my mother or for her to try to defend about the mental bread that she gave me to take to John, et cetera, and so on.
That didn't wind up making it quite to a destination.
You don't give drug addicts drugs to deliver to somebody else. You don't give alcoholics booze to deliver to somebody else.
And you don't give sugar, hollage, a bunch of mandal bread to deliver to anybody else without expecting them to consume it on the way there.
You know what I'm saying? Ma 10 55 at five. St. Goldberg from the sporting bruised to we got boogster at six o'clock.
Got more major eight out the Neil Roger show.
Hey, ma'am.
Praise the call and check out the parking lot.
Here's a mobile implantation. Hello.
Hey, do a nail. Okay, sir.
Question for you. And I've been following the first time calling number one. I just want to ask you one thing.
You're talking about the legalization of marijuana.
Where do you draw the line, though, Neil? I mean, you don't want your heart surgeon to be high on drugs.
You don't want your cough, et cetera. How can you make it fair for some people to affect your job? What difference does it make?
Why is it anybody's business? Well, I agree with that, but where do you draw the line? I just got through saying how where do you draw the line of people drinking booze?
I agree. I agree. It's the same principle. But that's a principle that covers everybody and decides.
What do you mean by that? Well, everybody's not supposed to be drinking on the job.
Everybody is not supposed to. How many people do you know that are taking booze tests that are taking breathalyzer tests for booze before they do whatever they do?
I agree. Good point. Good point. The fact is that there isn't alcohol addictive. Isn't it a drug? Sure. I know.
Yeah. So what are we talking about? Why do we single out certain substances that are of verboteninist's side, but other ones are okay because they make a lot of money from it?
I agree. But what I understood you were saying is that it was okay for some people. Let's say it's okay for somebody to get high on a Sunday night's party because of the work on money.
No, no, what I'm saying to you is that it's nobody's business as long as it affects their job performance. It's nobody's business.
But where there are people involved in a few very selective sensitive kinds of occupations where it's very important that they be a sober as a judge.
Then in that case, I think you can make an exception. Okay. I don't think it's a difficult line to draw. I don't think it takes a rocket science is to figure out, you know, what are those sensitive positions?
Well, I think that's a question of who draws the line. What's the sensitive position?
Let me ask you this. How many martinis can you go out and have it lunch and then come back? No, seriously. And then come back and do your sensitive job.
Whatever the hell it is. How many can you have before you come back after lunch and perform open heart surgery? You can't have it.
Yeah. Well, how do we know if they did or they didn't? Well, we don't know. That's the point. That's the whole thing. But you're just drawing a line saying we're just because of that.
So I don't understand your point. Aren't you being hypocritical here? So in other words, it's okay for them to go out and we don't know. We're not supposed to know.
But if they went out and they smoked a joint during lunch time and sat around with somebody over a cup of coffee or whatever, then they come back. Then we can test them for drugs. No, no, it's not a matter of not.
Or they smoke it three months ago and it's still on their bloodstream. Is that the deal? Well, that's the, that's the thing I'm trying to talk to you about. If you're just drawing a line saying just face on somebody's job, they can't get eyes and like where they got to work.
It's okay for another fellow to do. Okay. Well, you're repeating it the third time and I think I explained it to have an ice martiniate lunchtime. We have an open line at day two and brown.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T wireless line.
11 on 9 at Q way and you feel like.
No, no, no. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No
No. No. No. No. No. We have two open lines in the date. Fight.
you know he's right i mean uh... it's a very small organization that no i
national organization for the reform of our one-of-a-long
nor can't run around screaming in the link is about ten people with them
and uh... that's about it
now i mean you know they're around but it's a very uh...
and of course your fear that talk about swimming of upstream
i mean you're fighting a losing battle pretty much in the society because this
is one of those things that
that people are taught it's a given all i mean this is uh... drugs everything is
lumped in as drugs booze that's okay
who's is okay
because it's big-guy-down business okay
in fact if they put the booze out of it they were in fact a pro-wreston
booze all the sports and got a business tomorrow
how can we subsidize all these the jox dollar big salaries if we put but
wise or other business
here's a mobile in my any hello
what a show me your congratulations
uh... listen to the last call to you he didn't want to know me all i mean
everything that uh... going on right now
from far to
accident
hello i'm listening
uh... from far to the president i mean uh...
is just a public i mean the public doesn't care near look at your shoulder
past
i mean they don't care
and that's where the problem lies i mean like you said if we if we get off
i'll tell you what they care about some of them found out that their seats were
like a half an inch too small of the arena at the new macaroni yesterday
and the phones rang off the hook it was the most incredible money i've ever had
on the show for a solid hours of people i'd say ninety eight percent of the
car and you know that's fine you have a right to be chanbellic all the money
you're spending but that's the kind of thing that motivates the people in this
time that's what they get whipped up into a frenzy about
but when it comes to their rights when it comes to basic human freedom
living like a ming
living without being terrorized in a goddamn police state
uh... we don't care about this so we can change anything we don't have the time
and of course when somebody in their family winds up getting uh... fifty three
years in jail because they had too many plants in a backyard or because
somebody planted a bunch of crap in your car where we're now all well now all
of a sudden they care
as long as their asses and being al Gore then they don't give a crap
but somebody else's asses being gourd then uh... who cares
here's a mobile in four-letter hello
new yes sir
i want to say i totally agree with what you're what you've been saying about the
the pot i think you can
and all the pot and uh...
for yourself and
do the right thing and make it happen it's nobody's business
yeah i don't think i don't think the uh... politicians will take a very
seriously what do you think about that
on of course they won't because it's uh... considered an american it's like it
would be like having a campaign to legalize prostitution america like it isn't
almost every western european country
uh... you can't even have an intelligent discussion about it because it's not
an apple pie go to choose issue and especially where you deal with this right
when congress we got you haven't got a china and chance
i totally agree uh...
and for the new show and uh...
it's a good work okay thanks
like this episode i mean i could i could spend a lot of time about this
episode in larmy wioming in this kid that got lynched there and murdered
this gay college student was all a five foot two and a hundred and nine pounds by
the way
takes a couple of real courageous guys
real good masculine courageous guys to go out there and the beat the livin
stoddard this kid leave him for dead in the cold
which he did die
and of course we have all these good christian zealots coming on their last two
days and for the yesterday on cnn that stupid talkback show
this asshole from the family they always put the word family in there
the family action council the family research council is this one at gerry
borne out to the organization
oh well you know we don't need anymore laws we don't need any hate crime laws
because then what you do in his year uh... year your criminalizing people's
attitudes
and what they're really saying is then you're putting a crimp in our ability to
teach people it's okay to hate gays they black state whichever group we are
uh... is our skate boat for the year
that's what they're really saying
and of course in america try to there is another one of these deals trying to
change attitudes law enforcement i mean law enforcement treats gays like
ten-class people in this country just like they treat blacks like ten-class
people and they stay and it's no different than ever was
you can pass all the laws in the world but until you change people's
attitudes until you change education until you grow up and stop the hate and
stop the narrow mind of this and stopping a bunch of emotional cripples that's
what this card on my campus all about maddie lesham it's a message and the
message is grow up and stopping a god damn child stopping a bunch of emotional
cripples that's the message and stopping a bunch of sanctimonious hypocrites
and the idea that we got somebody on there who is trying to censor me and try
to censor the message i want to suppose to be a cutting edge revolutionary
television station are you fooling anybody no
you're not fooling even a five-year-old kid out there that would listen to this
conversation that somebody wants to censor a message that may be out of the
mainstream and you're supposed to be cutting edge and revolutionary and you got a
guy on here on kiddo's frequency smoking dope on the air that's okay
but kneels got a cartoom postcard on his cap that he's wearing on there from Amsterdam
that's bad those god damn dutch here's a western hello hello kneel yes sir
i love the topic today what's not to like it's a beautiful topic well maddie lesham
he decided what the topic was going to be for me he made it easy uh i want to know like who
decided a pod should be illegal like isn't going to just grow naturally sir haven't you
seen refer madness yet you better get with it like where is pot illegal but bananas are legal
right you ought to see what people are doing with bananas it's a good point and cucumbers all my
the back on yeah exactly you should think about you know
what's up with all if you could see what they're doing with zucchini's man even ron germy
would be embarrassed how goldstein would wash and that takes a lot well the best part about
pot is you go home you do a couple of bonkers and you're done you don't want to smoke anymore
you don't want to go rob a store you know it's how like you need it every 25 minutes you know
you know i already article about Amsterdam i've been there about 40 or 50 times it is the most peaceful
the most tranquil the most pleasant the most interesting place you could ever go in the world
there is no violent crime going on almost let me be one maybe if they have two murders in
year it's like a major story on a front page of the newspaper it's on a hurdle nobody's
running around with guns shooting each other everybody gets along 90 percent of people got a big
smile on their face yep it's it's called real life real life there's not any problem with this
it's not it's not an issue it's not something that's even discussed little kids are walking around
and they in the red light district looking in the windows and seeing the hooker sitting in there
and they're looking at their walking by the sex shop seeing these big dildos in the windows
and all those other sexual material and you know something because they're exposed to it from the
time that they're little kids it doesn't have any titillation factor to them it doesn't mean
anything they're mature they're grown up they're exposed to it and it's dealt with openly and
honestly as opposed to the forbidden fruit which is what America's all about people wanted a lot
more apple-eyed and day one and powered five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18t
wireless line you know what I'm saying yeah I think you do here's plantation hello yes Neil yes
I see you like to parody the Jamaica and pension for marijuana yeah but I can tell you something
I would be very careful if I were your listeners more can Jamaica and marijuana
yes because it is cross contaminated with the spray pile of quatt on the ear right and it is done
oh that was that why you're way behind the times fell governor bobby gram was doing that here in
florida years and years ago he was killing people with pericot yeah but they do it right now in Jamaica
right and what makes it worse maybe that's why those Jamaicans all drive like that man no it's that
it's that's why Americans are dropping dead like slides from cancer yeah because what is going on
is that it drifts on the winds the power quad and I can tell you because I have a farm nearby and
nearby where a farmer nearby where nearby here is where they grow marijuana and a loud scale
and my crops wither and die right so therefore that stuff is bad news and I can tell you American
I've died like flies from smoking to Jamaican marijuana yeah maybe it's a bloodless cool okay that's all
the more recent we got to grow our own sir maybe you're right okay there you go okay well don't
don't be so much anymore bad crap and thanks a lot I'm sitting in my studio at WNWS WS news doing
that serious horrendous topical talk and I started the thing and this is when governor bob gram
started a pericot thing and I said I guess everybody's going to have to start being their own farmers
growing their own backyard all you people want to smoke the wicked weed out there because the governor
wants to poison you and so I started a campaign it was a joke just like the cards on the cap
are a joke it was it was a spoof it was called seeds for the seedy I said everybody out there
sent us all your pot seeds we're gonna have to start well we'll start our own goddamn uh
gigantic farm down here in the ranch and now wherever somewhere and so sure enough people
started sending in seeds and one day one day I'm sitting in a studio I've got what is obviously
a bottle of bird seed hearts mountain bird seed yellow you know the shape of bird seed does it
look anything at all like marijuana seed oh no so I can see you know it a bottle of bird seed
and Luke Cron are hysterical general manager who inherited the job a glorified sales guy when
Dick Casper went off the Nashville Luke Cron inherited the job as general manager
and the best part of the deal is Tom Jicca was there that day from the old Miami news I guess
Tom was working for in those days and he was writing an article about this story or about
whatever something about the show and Luke Cron during a commercial break opens up the door to my
studio and says to Tom Tom I'm gonna have to ask you to leave for a minute I gotta talk to him
Tom goes out in the hallway and of course there they the walls were almost as paper thin as they are
here and Luke Cron lights into me what are you gonna do if you lost your mind you're gonna lose
our license sounded just like Maddie Lasham and he put his eyes weren't darting around as much like a
rodent out of control out of his mind making a major song of dance about bird seed a bottle of
hearts mountain unlabeled bird seed and we were gonna lose the station's license according to
mr. Cron I was gonna lose it for them because I had a bottle of bird seed that would be like my
saying I'm sitting here smoking one right now you know what I am I'm sitting here smoking right now
am I not yes you are I got one in my mouth right now clenched between my teeth
grown in the ground mm-hmm well there it is of course it doesn't happen to be put it happens to be
a Pradomo reserve from our friends in Nixigars a great cigar my favorite in the world now these are
great they're they're the best but Luke Cron would probably have come running down the stairs if he
heard me say I'm smoking one right now oh my god we're gonna lose our license hysterical just like
somebody we know over there at whammy maniacs because this is the you know what it is when you
read it come right down to with this hysteria this juvenile behavior that's the American way
amen sweet heart you said it here's a mobile in western hello ill yes sir yeah you had a real
difficult time with the bird seed but lesbian dilatant it was okay right right do you remember that
well not on my show oh was it whatever you know what I'm talking about yeah right that
well whatever the dating show the dating and mating and raping sure right that that said the
funny thing about it is that I was listening to what you were talking about before I have a son
who is in six gradies in middle school which I think is ridiculous to be putting six graders in
middle school but that's another show um he went to his first school dance on Friday night uh-huh
and it wasn't until he went to that dance and came home as a six-grader that he started asking me
about what's the fact what's an n-word what's it this what's it that and it's amazing you're not
gonna change the American people because the American people are educating their kids to act this way
and while I have a very open relationship with him if he has any questions he knows he can come to
me he can ask me because I'd rather he asked me to look like a jerk in front of his friends yeah
and the fact of the matter is what he came home I was like most of the time he comes home and my
girlfriend and I look at each other go always in that queue what he's asking but some of the stuff
he was coming home and asking on Friday after that dance was appalling and I don't know what can
be done about it I don't know where it is it's gonna start at home and that's why it never is
gonna change because nobody is gonna start at home everybody I honestly believe genuinely feels like
this is the way they want it to be they're always gonna hate these people they're always gonna
hate those people and the most disgusting part about it is the passing it under their kids so what do
you do well what do you do it all depends on your upbringing that's where it's got to come from
the the school can do it the churches in the city guys they're obviously not doing a very good
job but in fact the churches are doing a good job of the opposite of teaching people to hate
each other because they believe different bullcrap I wouldn't involve my son in parochial school
of the meant my life well what forget it but it's just the fact is that in elementary school everything
is very antiseptic and he has all different kinds of colors and creeds of friends and it was
like a culture shock it's very scary as a parent it's very scary and as a person it's very scary
yeah well that's where the parents got it you know grab it by the bootstraps man you're the only one
Scott the opportunity but we have two overlapped this line remember the day that we had
AJ and Kevin in here from the back street boys even though you don't like their music and I was
talking to them about the fact that they travel all over the world and how big their music was
etc in Europe and then we're talking about how great Amsterdam was now these are kids that are from
Kentucky Orlando West Palm Beach and Tampa who grew up in very ultra religious knee into thought
backgrounds and what do they say that it was a breath of fresh air how fantastic they found it over
there because the people were so much more enlightened and the kids were so like light years ahead
of American kids because of their realistic and open and honest attitudes about sex and drugs
and every other goddamn thing as opposed to the Stone Age American thing that's the American
way right here's Miami hello hello Neil yes sir congratulations on bringing up this subject
probably I'd also like to mention though that one of your authors Peter McGrubbingham's the author
has been released from jail on a quarter million dollars bail finally really from jail for what
oh conspiracy to grow marijuana he suffers from AIDS and non-Hopkins Hodgkins lymphoma
and was uh... planning out in California under their medical marijuana compassionate uh...
miracle marijuana uh... to conspiracy to grow marijuana he'd actually grow any and he hadn't
given any away sold distributed or anything else but he was charged with conspiracy so for
quarter of a million dollars his family finally bailed them out oh my god yeah it was 19 pounds
and jailed it wasn't just denied his AIDS medication or yeah but i said that's the American way
that's right yes sir uh... i'm surprised that you don't go further and just we've got to end
this next thing you know we're gonna have a 40 story uh... 40 story told uh... you know
compassion for society drug agency up in Washington uh... you know dominating everything else it's a
two open lines in day one and powered five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T
wireless line twenty one so new and from some of those people out there to think that
pot is the wicked we've come on let's hear out there i want to hear from some of those people that
make some sense that agree with maddie lesham to think that this is the worst possible thing that we
could do is send any message to our kids that marijuana might not be evil that maybe that
refer madness when just a little bit too far perhaps
are there any of those people out there no
you know shopping for a lot of
floridians done as dirt
well i know my sister all my life
that is why she's now my wife
and i think my son may know it's true
he's my nephew too
and
well my daddy is my uncle joe my mother is my dear and
flowed in very plain to see my first cousin is me
that's the american way you said it okay let me forty four five sixty wqm here's a fact that
says you people at channel sixty nine have any idea how to run a business or how to promote
anything no neo-rangers is one of the most talented broadcasters ever just listen to some of the
other crap on radio down here you're shooting yourself in a foot doing this to him it says
is there any other show where the talk host talk about the stuff neo does in his unique way no
are you supposed to be controversial no are you people brain dead uh-huh this has to be a joke
it says i'm gym which i hope he said it over to them because sitting into wasto do any good but
nevertheless we got it on here and i'm sure maddie is monitoring right now isn't he in between the
hits okay now are we got we got these people worked up to a friend's year one no all the day lines
you're open an open line and broard as we're having a real stimulating conversation here today but
as usual all of a sudden they all vanish because the cats got their tongue look at that one line on
a board there five six seven oh five sixty and pond five sixty on the AT&T wireless line and the guy
who called before who said about the dead ass american people with their dead ass attitudes are
well they just sit back and have every god damn freedom taken away from them one at a time is
absolutely correct sir the most complacent the most the the logic people brainwashed into believing
that air oh this is the freest of the greatest yes sure it is tell me another good one yeah
here's a mobile and four-letter deal hello how you doing deal okay sir i'm the
and vacation i come back and turn on whammy to watch mash last night yeah which is the only program
it seems to have anything going for and it's like thirty years old and they had that thing about you
well he's in reruns now yeah and i'm like turn it my head you were the only original program that
had anything of value i'm in reruns by their choice because starting last two days so today makes
one week that they've been running old shows from a month ago and weeks ago that make no sense at all
because i got this a cap on with this uh... the cartoon postcard on my head oh my god i mean because
i got no sense of humor because they're supposed to be cutting edge and instead they're cutting
crap is what they're cutting over there it's it's a horrible travesty and uh i've dealt with them
in a marketing side and they're like little children i don't know who the guy hired the guy in
boka who owns the place from rich Israeli guy yeah but uh he's hiring like it's like he's hiring his
family his children their friend sounds like uam to me and it's a horrible it's a you know you
got a great thing to work there if they only put together a professional organization yeah
holy don't and they won't it's a horrible thing it's a typical uh front for a
girl soft lord operation yeah and i heard what it was it's like a toy of this guy and he's just
playing with it and he's playing with it all right and uh it's a horrible thing that explains his
behavior a little bit too much okay pal good luck to us have a great day okay now
what was that flurry that we had there was that the nothing a lot of nothingness uh yes
oh one guy that wanted a traffic report we had a guy that wanted a traffic report there we go
they're dropping nuclear weapons on homestead they're having they're having earthquakes in the middle
of north carolina the pope just had a bad ball movement and this guy's worried about some
traffic report there you go that's the american way two open lines in date one and browered any
interest here today no sorry i brought this up but at least maybe it'll kill at the half-hour
nine to ten thirty five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line
do they get the message no do they understand what i'm trying to convey here no do they have any
interest in there no here's cutleridge hello nil yes sir i can't believe it's been like 30 seconds
for what awaiting our whole 24 second day 20 what you called her there i got you know nobody
interested here today well listen to you because we're not catching about the arena their seats are too
small and their parking took them too long to get there it's so long and maybe their asses are two
four hours of that yesterday four hours i had a people bitching in belly again that's the south
Florida mentality kill some good time there didn't it did was great hey nil i'm calling to
to disagree with you yeah go ahead um marijuana instead of us arguing and trying to get marijuana
legalized and all that stuff we should be sitting here raising hell about the alcohol industry
and getting that uh censored because that's what getting it censored it's no not censored
it's what you said it should not be uh shut down our throats advertised on every medium
available and that that kills more kids than we'd whatever even think of yeah and the
alcohol industry and cleaning up this uh country mm-hmm that's my how are you going to do that
the same way that you're going to get probably legalized i'm not going to get pot so i'm not
going to get pot the criminalized legalized uh recognize any of those things in this country it's
not going to happen well i guess we're all screwed that okay thanks thanks for your conclusion there
you go that made it easy now what do we do two open lines and date five six seven oh five
sixty and pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line it's a saint it's the same thing with guns
there's nothing inherently wrong with guns just that when you put guns in the hands of people that
are juvenile and irresponsible then then you got a problem and Americans as a people are too
emotionally immature and irresponsible to have guns Americans as a people are too emotionally
irresponsible to be drink at all is booze and going out there and driving and killing each other
and try to kill us that goes back again to your upbringing it goes back to attitudes it goes
back to social morais it goes back to education there is no education in america
american education is an oxymoron there's no such god damn thing in this country
we've got 170 million functional illiterates out there
but hey they should in place a mean football and back to ball tell you that
where we going let's do a homestead hello we're the dropping the newtier weapons hello
hey what's up how you doing sir what's that guy talking about sensory and liquor and stuff
what's up with that beats me i don't know man i mean everybody knows what liquor does yeah everybody knows
with regards to and all that i mean you should you should be able to you know decide what you
want to do you know thank you own poison that's what i say is one that's what i do the only problem
of the alcohol low is when you're boozing it up and then go out there and driving they ought to
put you away take the car away put you behind bars and leave you there for about 50 years so you
look at it again it's that i haven't some crack lawyers coming along getting you off so you can go
out there and try to kill some more people next week that's right you know that's what should be
done you know i suppose we are telling you know none after the need or i can do all right you know
i'm working right now for the week you know yeah i think the little whammy crew probably is
just throwing out of their mind you show great man i don't know what what the people talking about
it took it off the air man you know it pissed me off okay pal but all right buddy have a good one
but watch out for that damn a periquot baby they're spraying it that was a good call from that
Jamaican guy there's a good lesson for all you people out there okay all you Jamaican drug
settlers i hate to break the news here but you'll have to find a new kind of occupation
yeah because you're you're selling damaged goods we have an open line of day five six seven
oh five sixty and pound five sixty on the 18th you wireless line here's a mobile in the pond
being chill out hey yes sir yes i have speak to me are you there i'm here okay i'm a long time
let's drive back to old age your psychic bird and lose your land and sure to miss you i
I spent i spent five for ten years every day i was born my ex-wife and i and every day every
single day for ten years okay i risked my case there you go there you go that's what
parvin group where don't you ever your kids out there even start thinking about touching that wicked
weed here we're just having this guy just like that just like going out of guide them for a
faucet like going out of draining your bathtub this guy just vanished and been smoking every day
for ten years and all he just got sucked into the goddamn center of the earth with that lake
of fire is waiting for him how do you like that that's right so if you guys out there don't want to
get sucked in to that lake of fire that is then you better cut the crap right now open line and
date five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty it's too bad that happened because i wanted
to hear the rest of the story i wanted to hear what happened to them after ten years of smoking
every single day of their lives for ten years and he's still alive they hit him with five joints and
he's still alive here's Miami hello hey Neil yes sir your show is great yes it is i just want to say
i agree with you they should legalize it yeah and it's everybody's problem whatever they do in their
own time right you know and uh that goes back to that do no harm philosophy again if you want to
smoke a little weed if you would do whatever you want and it doesn't affect your uh the way you
relate to anybody else you're driving or anything else then who the hell's businesses it what kind
of government if we got to tell you what kind of a plant you can grow in your backyard exactly what
kind of senses there in that i totally agree with you and a little child would laugh at that
that your government can tell you what kind of seed you can plant in the ground exactly i totally
agree with you i think your show is great and uh just keep up to go work okay thanks no problem
the government tells you what kind of seed to plant in the ground and then where you can plant
your seed where you go presidents busy planting his seed on dresses up there that's that was the
worst mistake you don't plant your seed on a goddamn dress courts courts especially when it's
being worn by a psychotic slut like that bitch monica up there that saves it as a souvenir for a rainy
day just in case it might come in handy a rainy day or the DNA whichever comes first crazy bitch
and we got all these people up there wasted millions and millions and millions of our hard earned
dollars we work like dogs and don't think that i don't just because i'm here only four hours
i expend more god damn mental energy and ease for hours every day that most of you do in your whole
god damn lifetime trying to talk into a vacuum i could talk into a black hole i can't say that
oh man you'll be cutting that out i wouldn't be surprised if he's talked into a black hole or two at
his time you know what i'm saying yeah not to mention no names we have two old slime did i say
eleven fifty five on qa i think i did
produces four times as much papers and acre of trees the hemp seed is second only
soybeans in protein content cloth made from hemp is eight times as strong as an average of
two point four yards and nothing i mean high school teams who do better than that yeah i mean i
love Jimmy you know his restaurant's pretty good but uh not one thing a lot of people forget in
the middle of all this is that the dolphin payroll is the third lowest in the NFL and to the fine
figure a wane is in the middle of this again well see for some reason with the marlin's of course
he i mean totally clean house there but uh and the same with the panthers they didn't spend a lot
of money any money on free agents but with a dolphin it doesn't get any publicity but he's got
the third lowest payroll in the whole NFL uh oh and there's that that's not shocking you know i mean
the guy doesn't do it like a blockbuster cockbuster i mean sorry uh that that place is doing
nothing right point that and yeah speaker them you know i got a problem with weighing with that yeah
i could i returned a video to them about a month ago they said that i read uh that i couldn't run a
video and i said well how do i run video about two weeks ago oh i don't know why that happened
or anything like that you have to talk to our supervisor and i said well what the hell is the
problem with that you know and you're not even charging me the full amount of uh yeah what the
thing is wrong with that exactly you know and they say and the bottom line is yeah and the reason
they said is because oh it wasn't here when we get our inventory i said well you got a bunch of
teenage kids there stealing the things for so by drugs and stuff like that yeah you know and she didn't
believe me so i don't know i said you know what and she said that's the american fucking way
okay we have an open line in brown at five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty on a
mobile one line okay and they go have a great life well i got a p real bad you know what thank god
we got these long commercial breaks here on wqa m which i could go into that but i won't because
we got first we got to iron out the a whammy problems oh and by the way the rumor has it around
the building and again it's only rumor because these are not the decision makers here these are the
only the underlings but the rumor has it that uh that's you all beyond tonight at 10.30
so yeah at terry jackson from they wrote he asked me a legitimate question yesterday he said is
this you know i don't want to sound suspicious but is this a um publicity stunt the thing with the
cap and the show on TV and i i thought to myself you know and i even told Tom jikko this i said
many lesham isn't smart enough to pull off a publicity stunt okay and that's a guy named truth
in addition to which these postcards have been here for months and there was never any issue about
it until all of a sudden out of the corner of his eye one day when he wasn't busy banging somebody
over there a whammy he happened to see the show and oh gee you can't have that on here
but since i complied and since he has said right here in print and i will save this article right
and they prestigious herald he says it's a matter of context if he wants to show it as a part of a
show about whether marijuana should be legal that's fine but to just hang it out there as a poster
we're not going to show that so there we go we've headed on today and i didn't put it on until i
started reading that article etc and there you go what was that that you were so psychotic about oh my
good friend Ron doesn't he understand that if he doesn't stop calling us that we're going to call
his doctor and have his supply of pro-zac taken away and have him taken away isn't this the same
chronic run that called you and apologize for the inconvenience of calling here over and over and
over again because he doesn't have any life and we don't want to speak to him and he says what
he's sorry he calls to continuously apology we accept your apology apology is accepted don't
go away mad just go away run we accept your god damn thing apology okay now just go to go away
we have an open-ended broward so right let's just tie up the line of brow it so he don't get on
there okay where do we find these people where do we find the runs and the Gilbert and i won't
even include the guy with the eyes in there anymore because he's graduated and then the guy with a
fan-i-pack i mean he's he's what what do i what do i say about him which i have his name now by the way
because he gave me that thing that he thought i was going to go over to morson by a new corvette which
i was going to do but i changed my mind since my old one they fixed me very nicely thanks to my
friends that had morse by the way they're great you know he showed up last time we had one of those
van giveaways with sam and chris yeah bitching that they weren't giving in a way enough crap
for his trouble he showed up at the the pizza loft he showed up at the borders thing and then left
and then came back again oh i know somewhere in my wallet i got that thing with his name here it is
his name is george george how do you like that huh for a phony name george we got george with a g
and george with a j and george with a s on e n which blows here's a lady in pompano hello
hello yes man how you doing great hey i just wanted to call him thank you for covering this issue
i'm surprised to see you do it because i know how you feel about drug use yeah uh but i don't
consider people at smoked pot to be drug use well i don't either but you know you've said about a
dozen times now don't smoke dope or you go down the toilet anyway i wanted to thank you for that but
i also want to point out that i think you're missing a big part of the picture yes uh that is
you're talking about uh the infringement on freedom which are you know of course it's a very
important issue but have you thought about the effect the prohibition actually has as opposed to
the effect that it was intended to have meaning what well you know they're trying to keep everybody
from smoking pot but what actually happens is uh you know punks like Pablo Escobar become multi-millionaires
and alcapones yeah what's the current one career well but that's that's maybe you didn't hear me read
that article that's what that article was all about well that was that was the point that was
the whole point is that it creates a black market as soon as you make something illegal it creates
a tremendous black market and you become partners with organized crime and disorganized okay
i i'm staying corrected you don't know if anything i'm on top of it well thank you okay have a great
life and go uh put that in the microwave two open lines and groward five six seven oh five
sixty and pound five sixty on a mobile one line are they in food no are they worked up to a frenzy
no they smoking it uh there you go nine minutes past noon at five sixty then coconut crepe okay
let me say wait a minute okay no see okay yeah i think just because much y'all beat up on
the rangers i got news for you baby the rangers are pathetic new just like Neil got predicted pathetic
well you see that cool it was like a Felix Puffin from uh almost uh center rice almaganist there you
go natural hatchery for almaganist last night for Saint Louis including like way outside a blue line
right through ricketer's legs nice going my rangers blow we have an open line indeed five six seven
oh five sixty pound five sixty in a mobile one line the poor new yorkers vanity islanders want
out of that policy and they can't even fight a place to play that's fit to play in and uh they had
like eleven thousand some for their opening game their home open eleven thousand in some in
New York and rangers are going to be probably the worst team in a whole damn conference
here's a mobile in del Rey hello Neil yes sir you're not going to believe this is anyone i could
probably could ask yours but is anyone called in about the major trap jam on ninety five no
northbound and southbound in the lantern a lake worth area yeah but like twenty people up on the
overpass with signs uh bickshete plie wood attached to the guardrail and are i i saw a sign saying
the sign saying what well let me let me do that because you can leave us there's like six sender
vendors you know as a result i believe of the traffic jam right i mean
so see northbound is probably a couple miles southbound isn't too bad yeah but uh twenty people up
there and somebody they got an attach to the retaining wall fire the liar yeah meaning Clinton
i guess so uh-huh now if the cop has been over yet or whatever now i'm all for freedom of
expression and whatever but you know probably sheriff or the cops are going to love food under
body i think everybody ought to get together all the people stuck in traffic and they all already
all jump jump jump and that might solve the problem okay we have an open line in broder five six seven
oh five sixty and pound five sixty on a mobile one line those people in Palm Beach what a sense of
human right they got a sense of humor here's Miami hello yeah i don't know if you read a newspaper
yesterday but the article about the FBI getting the database of the DNA
about what you didn't see that and now they're going to start getting DNA on everybody that they
arrest so they can have a database oh right great is this another example of big brother keep
in a you know i agree everything you're saying about legalization upon stuff but it's just big
brother you know big brothers keeping track of everybody yeah get your passport handy pal thanks for
the good news yeah how i mean that very uh what's a very direct how now can he keep his job unless
we can do DNA and everybody that's especially now thanks to oh j oh j done it we have an open
line in day one and broder five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty on a mobile one line
this is the freest country i anybody believe that what a joke talk about brainwashing and propaganda
god can't even get a little bit of head up there without the whole how to having a
fifty million dollar investigation about it because they couldn't nail them on something else
and we got a bunch of crazy people up there in Palm Beach of course that guy is uh can you believe
that story got trafficked out for like two miles back because we got crazy people tying themselves to
the retriever retaining restraining wall fire the liar i mean what what the hell can you say about
the behavior of some of these crazy people are just uh you know have got no light outrageous here's a
mobile in Miami hello hello yes sir you know god George the anti christ yeah all right 40 years
i'm puffing the weed nail every morning every noon yeah yeah it's not a dickative yeah and uh
the city it's our right to live yeah it's not indicative of your behavior that is correct
I run a major corporation i believe it and uh i figure if the seeds weren't god didn't want us
to smoke it uh you know the seeds wouldn't be round and roll out with a matchbook cover there you go
my son asked me he said should it be legalized i said no mandatory all right okay pal we're
tracing the call okay we have an open line in broder and five so i mean what the hell did god
invent the scene for in the first place if it's the wicked way to put something evil all the devil
made it all the devil made it there you go the devil did it again this devil is a busy son of a
channy this devil is doing all kinds of nasty stuff to try to tempt us and do evil so when you
before you stick those seeds in the ground you better see whether they're good seeds or the bad
seeds what the hell was your name that played in the bad seed patty uh what was your name
patty duke was it was it patty duke was she the one i don't know you know the movie the bad seat okay
that's what you got to check out you better have Luke Krohn look on her see is it the heart's
mountain bird seed no is it the marriage wini seed no is it the bad seed uh there you go look out
patty duke is that who it was i guess it was which was like a little punk here's Miami hello
Neil i guess you're great long time listener and long time caller good
Neil i went through the first panther game and i couldn't fit my ass in the seat
yeah i bet oh my god is that that seat skinny and i got a spy report for you i want to
your appetizers oh great okay we have an open line in date five six seven oh five sixty and
pound five sixty on a mobile one line here's a mobile and four lottery hello hey Neil yes sir
i have three things if you don't mind i want to ask you about number one is i'm a i live in bokeh
and i have calm cast though i've never seen whammy which really you won't see it's or not in
Palm Beach believe me your your life you live a lot happier and a lot longer you'll never see it
okay that means you will want to see the seven and eight and nine o'clock news and mash over and
over again you know i'm missing the thing okay i've seen all the mash i have a friend who is an
in veteran pot smoker and beer drinker and he's like an assistant provost at one of the largest
community colleges here in Florida yeah there you go oh he plays they love this guy he's gone
right up the ladder he smokes morning noon and night he drinks i mean if it's good enough for
William f Buckley then how could it be you know how could there be possibly anything wrong because he's
as goody two shoes and right when does they come that's great here's one more thing have you ever
heard of a bat or a one the hitter a what it's called a one hitter it's a little grass device that you
can you kind of use a lot of order they're nodding their head in the other room because we got a
bunch of pot smokers in there i don't i don't i don't smoke i'm not interested in don't you
understand what can i describe it i'm gonna go ahead okay it's for your listeners who have
never seen one or have been able to enjoy one the nice thing about it i thought a one hitter was
in a baseball game go ahead it's shaped and painted it can be shaped and painted to look exactly
like a cigarette yeah you could be sitting right across from a police when i say an intersection
and take a nice big stinky toke and the cop would never know what's going on yeah yeah it's a
beautiful thing and thank you how do you know what he's smoking have a great day like i was going
to say how do you know what he's smoking uh because they get there's pretty cheap we have an
open line and brought one patty McCormick yeah it wasn't patty Duke how patty Duke
Jesus come on get with it yeah but what ever happened to patty McCormick uh my whatever her name was
27 brings to mind yesterday i was in the uh in the mobile station over there on flamingo getting my
uh fish dick on the way home and a bottle of soda and as i was in there the guy in hand at me was
had brought a uh a container of chewing tobacco and brought it back because it was stale or was
rotten there were worms and whatever and i was thinking of myself as i walked out
why do guys chew tobacco what huh the nicotine rush they say the flavor bud no but uh wait a minute
if you want nicotine you can smoke a faggot okay you can get all the choke what you choking cough
yeah but chewing tobacco like uh causes the grotesque cancers in the mouth and all these jocks
i mean they've been studying this for years and it like tears away the tissues and uh these kids
emulate these asshole uh jocks that uh chew uh and race car drivers to by the way Joe the
chew tobacco and go on and do these ads for it i mean what what what are disgusting and then you see
these guys spitting it that that's what i was thinking about with this mass and hagan thing spitting
it all over that what are this i mean smoking cigarettes is bad enough but she's
that black gooey smarmy dreck that to carry a cup around with them or a can or something like that
and spit in it when they're in the house something in a little portable spit tune yeah they carry a
spit tune around with them that's classy so maybe somebody can call them lighten us today the
wonders of charm tobacco huh and that's kind of a redneck thing sure which kind the uh the big
cheek char or the snooze the what the W snooze i thought they were off the air the snooze well what is
a snooze that's the pinch between the cheek and gum just a little pinch of my cheek and gum
y'all as opposed to the big handful wadden the big handle of a wadden of the like like Justin Thompson
who pitches for the tigers you look pretty good Justin but with that big hole in your cheek you're
looking good anymore one you chew the other one you just suck one you chew on the other one you just
suck on okay so that's our i mean we started out with marriage and we did it then we worked all our
way to chan tobacco okay we're making some very serious progress here today suck it in and hold it
i'll pass where we go god what a disgusting filthy heaven it makes it makes smoking cigarettes seem
like almost antiseptic forget about yellow teeth how about brown stained teeth how about like black
looks like i got a shoe black like they stole Ron Reagan's hair polish from him or uh broca
brands got it first here's Miami hello hello yes sir well i have a little bit of a problem my oldest son
and his son who's happened to be 16 years old living Chicago yes and he called me up about two three
weeks ago and he said that how would you handle this situation well he found his son smoking grass
and he said but what can i do i smoke too i can't tell him not to
well that was his son stealing his stuff no no no no that's good not what's left nothing
worst that when your kids steal your stuff oh yes no nothing whatsoever but if he this young kid he
16 years old he was brought up to be an athlete yeah this whole idea is to play varsity when he
goes to college yeah now i am afraid and my son is afraid that he might be tested for mario
one or something like that yeah so what's the best suggestion is best suggestions uh get him
to the health food store get that stuff that you take to uh uh phony up the drug test
here you go king glad we saw the problem for you sir any other questions we have an open line
what do you laugh at about that's what everybody else does isn't it i mean let me ask you this
question suppose here i'm Jewish okay which i am in the diet only and along comes poor
and i'm loving and nobody's gonna take away my home and touch and at poor time okay
with those nice little poppy seeds in there and suppose today after poor and i've had two or
three of those humontoshian they come in here and decide they want to do drug testing on me
because those poppy seeds show up positive tests opium baby you're right oh and by the way you know
i finally figured out what manny lisham really does but anyway well no you just said the magic word
i don't think her misery he's from his year i think he's a turkish spy okay because they told me
rob told me that he was running around in a turkish towel over there when he was today that's what
they told me sucking on his turkish tappy or something see you know what else but he
choose to back in this audience no thank god what a disgusting filthy vulgar dangerous nasty habit
i mean smoking i mean smoking is a filthy and i had dangerous etc but i can see why people smoke
i can understand it but chewing tobacco get your mouth full all that i mean even when you're
smoking good cigar like i'm smoking a progoma reserve right now from next which is a great cigar
but it's it's a little on the i mean you know you chew up the end if you're going to enjoy a great
cigar you have to chew up the end a little bit go go go go get a little uh the soggy like that one
monica was working on you have to get a little bit soggy baby and it's a little bit of that tobacco
gets in your teeth anyway it's a little on a messy side isn't it yeah it is there's nothing
and except that you're smoking a stokey but the idea of just taking a whole bunch of that stuff
as charter the car or more like that it's in every little cranny in your
teeth oh god the Copenhagen in the snow in the skull is in every pocket i put a little piece
between my cheek and gum and then head back up to aint tree here's Miami hello hello yes sir
you're gonna piss off the birds of Mary man you better stop there yeah she's up there in connoisse
george right now you better get on your hands and easy man you better get on your hands and
you know i call because you've been talking about this for the last past years and years and years
and days about the religious right when marijuana and all of you know you've been listening
every day having it yeah that's good okay thank you okay we have an open line in date one in
brown at five six seven oh five sixty and five sixty on a mobile one line i've been talking about
marijuana every day for the last uh no i don't think so pal get with it
here's candle hello hey uncle ill yes sir how's it going you know i've never taken drugs in my life
but i i do love to do one thing yeah whatever and then the very few times i've had to take a drug
drug test i know it's subconscious because i don't think i don't know i'm doing it i do it
is that that morning or that day before i go have a test to go eat a good humontosh and
no i have two poppy seed two big poppy seed dacles though well do it with all the work yeah and
you know they ask you do you have you take any drug you bought an at the very end i go i just
do one you know though i've had two poppy seed dacles and and they say oh my gosh well every
the few times i've gone the you know like the technician like has a college he runs and goes you
know see you can forever and she comes back goes well you know it is legitimate food so we really
can't say anything well what kind of work do you do that you have to do drug tests well when you
apply for government jobs and stuff like that you know a lot of employees now a lot of employees
done drugs but it just this is me off excuse my friend i mean are you involved with like
classified information or some highly sensitive position i do technical work but no no nothing
like that i don't know i don't know what you need a drug test for if you work for a government
or just another opportunity for the government to stick their nose so they can put a good
empty i file together for you and just waiting in the woods to a stick it to you yeah you're
do you know i don't know if you remember it remember back and then it had to be a case this
the midi just before the fall russia kids used to write to russia to get stamps just to get
allowed these stamp back in those stamp collectors yeah they would get FBI files on because they
wrote to russia i mean yeah the company is union but they would get FBI files automatically because
they wrote to the service that's what i think was the case with leha reoswell i don't think
he ever was in russia i think you just had a stamp collection yeah i think you just want them
yeah okay i'll take care i'll see you bye what i hear is he did want to lick it we have two
open lines in date five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line
tonight at ten thirty years neal of night on a whammy day you'll ever need to watch
if they show it and they damn well better or maddie lesham's a big liar ten thirty to eleven
on whammy nights the only time we that we really request that you tune in because we know not
if you got neilson meters anyway so that's not a ratings thing i hate to break the news to all those
critics out there and think this is a job to hype the ratings forget that it's hopeless
but because there's a message in here and then you'll be able to see this postcard from amsterdam
that there's been all this big tumult about that had somebody having a nervous breakdown
over there with his turkeys towel here's miramar hello yeah how's it going okay sir
all right i don't want to address the snuff issue yeah uh the first thing is the one thing
that it does the guards and the threats don't do yeah there's no second hand smoke you're
doing it to your own body you're absolutely correct i never thought about that good point
and you know i have an outside job i play softball a lot and it's an environment it's been around yes
it's a nasty habit oh there's no doubt but you know but does anybody get there and they could
be done what does that irritate the hell out of the linings your mouth on so far no it's great for
your teeth but terrible for your guns but and on the marijuana i'm a former 20 year marijuana
user but had to get out of it because of the again i work in a paramutual industry and they have
drug testing uh-huh but as far as the snuff goes you'd have to say people have always played on
right like your cigars do and i think incident the cancer was probably equal to oral cancer for
the guards but you're not there's no second hand you're doing it to yourself you're not doing it
to anybody else and i guess you could do it on a plane if you had your own little spatuna i've done
that have you really yes i have people can't smoke i've been able to get my nicotine fix like i said
i'm starting to get into this thanks a lot pal all right okay good luck now although i'm not
in the nicotine that's why don't you nobody in hell cigars do they they do oh jeez you got to be
crazy to inhale a stogie no nicotine no stogie you can keep sucking on from out don't cause come
on the mnemonic of it there ain't no nicotine in them we have an open-line and proud five six seven
oh five sixty i mean i i don't want to stand like a judge metal because like i'm trying to say
do no harm do your own thing but if i'm sitting next to somebody on an airplane like especially on
a long trip and they got a big charge the back of the room and it's like starting to run down
your chin you know a little bit and the to bend the to back of juice too and now they're starting to
like they they got a little tin cup or something you know like that in the middle of the plane it's a
little bit unappetizing is what i would say then you've got the guys that brag about swallowing
well we don't want to get that on this show this is a different kind of a show
we have an open-line and date five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line
maybe years ago i might have considered that not anymore okay i'm sorry not with the kind of
stuff that's going around these days here's a mobile in west palm beach hello yeah deal yes sir
i got it here and i got this connect from my mobile phone okay here's my x-wrap my
little right thank god you got back under i thought that you went to hell on a hand basket no no
came out we when they had to take that to be about three years old we decided you know this
this probably we shouldn't be doing that so we look just we quit and it was probably like
giving up beating chocolate chip cookie oh we we decided not to do it anymore because we had
the kid and each of us and maybe a year later we'd be at a party and someone passed a joint and
we you know we shared a joint okay no problem and that's been what a kid's by radio to college now
now also i gave up cigarette smoking after 20 some years that was hell oh yeah and on top of that
well that's because of nicotine is highly addictive people have a much much tougher time
giving up cigarette smoking that smoking weed yeah and then on top of that i'm an alcoholic
that hasn't had a drink of six years uh-huh but i i couldn't get that up without i mean that was
that was really how right so so i've been i've been around so let me say it again the highly
addictive things nicotine sugar and alcohol those are the three dangerous highly addictive things
and then they're all legal yeah if my son is is done college next year if he should come to me and say
that uh i'm going to college and i'm going to either drink beer or i'm going to smoke pot which
would you recommend um without a doubt smoke pot i was a noxious drunk i was nasty uh give me a
joint and i'm hector's pop i was off on the corner or eating brownies you know i'd never
bother anyone yeah we know what's in the brownies too okay pal have a great day okay thank you
we know what's in the brownies man we have an open-ended brown at five six seven oh five
sixty pound five sixty in a mobile one line grow up america that's the message how come we're not
on nationwide television right now instead of this grette of unsustained who uh wouldn't have a
goddamn job if it weren't for the oj trial how do you like that two innocent people had a die
viciously brutally murdered so that all these assholes could get big jobs on nationwide world
wide tv on CNN including that jackass on msnbc that john Gibson i'm going to tell you something man
that guy is a piece of walking turd that john Gibson guy he's another product of the he
the oj cottage industry in the media john Gibson pappa pappa pappa this is the 24 hour monica
gate station is msnbc and you know something i'm speaking about nbc now i can say this now that i
got rid of my g e stock town brocaw is getting worse by the day worse by the day he is because i
always watch dan rathor i like cbs news i like dan rathor so what's not to like but last night
during a commercial break i flipped over and because they always take their commercial breaks all the
networks at the same time and brocaw was just finishing up his story he cannot speak at all
no nightly you know he and i on eight line yeah i'm sure he can't he's got a cloggle it is getting so
much worse and he's on air and people look at this with a straight face like this is a newscaster
he can't speak a lick well maybe he can lick but he can't speak
i mean Barbara Walters at least she's amusing she's humorous and kind of a sick prophetic
Jewish way okay but but tom broca he and i on you know i mean he what
they're gonna have to start putting tim russard on with him to to translate on the god damn news
every night or that god damn what's the other guys name that i always call think his shadow
stevens what's that guy name star stone philips so stone philips you can't put a guy named
stone on a god damn nightly news you crazy we'll be out of business here
she and i on my own lose okay tom whatever you say whatever it was
whose pictures you think he's got 1256 at five 60 probably the same one lewans god hey if you're
sleeping on a lumpy red car and she back she's back in out of her space the only problem is
i'm pulling around her going around the parking lot there to get my to park to get my mail
i just happen to be in the way luckily i'm over far enough to the right now see what she's
about to do she just backs right on that's really freaking no maybe if you're a sharder with her
she might have had a bit of a different altitude i've been doing it for eight years yeah and uh
it is it is it's just it's just a little small hole in your cheek it's you know you get a little
bit of mascara russian whatever covers it up listen i can get a jaw i can get another jaw it's not
a problem there you go okay pal bottoms up too late your phone's crap enough we have
an open line at day one in brown pie so is the show going to be on the night or what
you know did i ask a tough question just then no as to see it he has to see it i got something he
can see okay if he's got good eyesight how about this can you see that eight minutes after one
at five sixty wqm you're bashing for the nineties forget about those balls at tv stations that we
have any in this town no hey talk about wild blood from color richer wherever he was said he was
going to disagree and then by the time we got done he was he really wasn't disagree about the
decriminalization or legalization marijuana is there one person in this audience who can give us
one valid reason why they marijuana laws in this country make any sense no we had one yet so far
today no i'm waiting that's the challenge okay that's the Pepsi one challenge by the way if you
try Pepsi one yet oh that's right you don't want it because it's a diet thing i do it diet
from drinking it right now oh Pepsi one is there a new uh they haven't you read about that
it's diet but it's uh supposed to take what is it got in it it does have caffeine don't they have
caffeine free i don't want caffeine uh and that's another thing by the way since we're so concerned
about marijuana and everybody's supposedly so hopped up instead of being mellowed out which is what
they really are but how i want all these caffeine people out there let's outlaw coffee
i don't i say yeah i don't drink coffee see if we're going to do everything based on our own personal
if we're going to do this uh very introspective selfish kind of crappy americans they're famous for
doing see i don't smoke pot so for me to be talking about this at least i can be objective i don't
have any special ask to grind here and i don't drink coffee so like i said scurry up your hooked on
caffeine no but that's the point that that's the whole point caffeine is a stimulant it makes people
behave erratically they get hopped up especially so let's limit people if you have more than two cups
are caffeinated coffee a day or more than two sodas because we remember those people at the other
place that were drinking all that caffeinated soda oh yeah right out of the bottle i'll never forget
i only once in my life did i ever have a program director who used to sit at his desk drinking
caffeinated diet soda out of a bottle out of the big two liter but not with a cup not with a glass
real classy out of the bottle a caffeine junky baby because it's after the a a you go to the
c a caffeine's anonymous he was a caffeine here's Miami hello hey and he'll sign in for the caffeine
jockey i'm one of them here you go i told you listen first time and it's my out before you get
in the highway again man right exactly um well sir telling George whammy bashing i was uh
channel surfing on the Saturday Sunday something like that you know nothing else to watch on
junks in a cable wonderful cable system what they are yeah so i'm running around and i find
this channel is doing an interview with our gold steam yeah that's another repeat yeah that old
thing i've never seen it before and i you know i've heard of the time where he sit there sit in
with you guys i've had a blast on the thing i think it's great right that's in with it anyway so
you know i'm watching the thing and i think a commercial comes on and i cut the buy and adjusted
normal okay the commercial comes on everything fades off the buy and cracks up ten decibels easy
i kid you know i go scream into the road right wakes up i think you know i remember ten years ago
listening to channel 51 watching speed racer reruns and they're doing it and it pissed me off then
he was my show it's my show it's the opposite you're watching the whatever's on a 10 o'clock
the sports thing and then at 10 30 the volume drops in half you have to like crank it way
up or just move out of another channel which is what everybody does yeah you can go over to the
channel i just couldn't believe every one you have these guys professionals i mean this is a good thing
no exactly okay pal anyway i'm not material i don't need i'm glad you found out okay there's
another guy found out we're dealing with a bunch of amateur hour people by the way they turned
AC uh i don't care it's 25 to two anyway somebody up here on this uh second floor
keeps messing around with the air conditioning back there keeps putting their little fingers on a
damn thing like i've said before if it's too hot if it's too cold you can walk out in the hallway
and get an elevator go downstairs you can go upstairs smooth with the people up there on the third
floor all the management people uh you can do whatever you want i'm a captive audience here in this room
four hours every day i haven't been up out of this chair oh yeah i took a leak that's the one for
like uh two minutes i ran out of here during commercial break and i want to have to go that's it
and they keep dicking with our air conditioning out there in the hallway and i wouldn't be surprised
in the least bit if it's some of our sales holes up here because just like Hank was saying yesterday
and boy he's right on target beyond the shadow of a doubt sales people are ice holes makes no mistake
about it there's something about i i think Hank was talking about how he used to sell what was
it was when he first came down here and how slimy and unclean he felt what i got out of the
better he wanted just because he was a sales hole that's right there's something just naturally
slimy and slippery although it's a matter of degree i mean most sales holes aren't as slimy and
slippery as giri sarner for who came in this morning and tried to pedal me some copy did you see that
did you see that i thought he but i didn't know what it was comes in here i had a bunch of copy which
of course for him is a miracle a bunch of stuff that was fact-sovere doing my don't want to say
which account it was anyway it was just about to gibberish yeah like 20 pages a a fact sheet of
20 pages of a gibberish hold you want me to go well type something good so hot yeah go do your
job would be good for one scary that's not his job oh it's not servicing his or concessor
what am i'm getting carried away here's plantation hello thank you for taking my call thank you
for making your call sir what's interesting about this whammy situation is the fact that a progressive
station like whammy yes you did which is a progressive format that they were doing right and simply
built it up and then destroy you piece by piece uh-huh which makes no sense that they would be
before destroying their own uh credibility in their own station exactly why would they do that now
they have three rewans of mass that they advertise on build boards is five four four really four
four and they got and they're seven o'clock news runs three times now seven eight and
nine o'clock the same news case over ask a repeat from a hundred years ago this is the monsters the
monsters so what grandpa's in verisperial luis is ready to sue me once that off the earth what happened
to the progress of this is a station i mean with you that was the start of the foundation see
anybody can come in and talk a big game but you know if if you're not qualified if you're not
competent then they get a couple of phone calls they get a couple letters they take a little bit of
heat right and uh and all of a sudden they start caving in because they're not ready for prime time
and i'm certainly not ready for this show i'll tell you that it's truth they bleeped too out on
every one and then for this guy to come in a paper and say i would never censor Neil while they're
putting leaf at least and stuff that's already bleeped and all right that's why people got fed up
and stopped watching the show yeah the beach they took the best parts out of each year show
exactly they rendered the meaningless that's right so i can't figure out now why they're so upset and
star about this whole situation i mean what was the whole point of this you tell me all right
anyway thank you you had a great show in the radio show you know it's still number one
okay screw him exactly have a great day okay screw him that's what he said nice saying
right on pal but you first ever see that many lusher you wouldn't touch him open line and neither
with anybody else all the ways running around with the turkish towel you know there's nothing
is important to your business he bringing in him to blow him away but you know and just that
that just in addition to which now you understand that Kevin Brown's going to have to pitch on
Thursday he's gonna have to start the only three couple of weeks i mean but even so on a picture
you know he was in a bullpen he's got a warm up you know and this is got guy that's not used to
coming in a relief and pitching like two days later what should i see great mad at last night
huh i see great mad at not not really i was very nervous when they brought him at it's usually
the first inning of every game is his rough inning he he's one of those guys you can pitch a great
game but it got to get by the first winning and how he did pitch well one other thing real quick
i really never heard David justice speak yeah where's he from the deep south oh my god he talks with
the real uh kind of he has a big girlfriend a few years ago i mean just the mid the misamerica uh brother
man he is like man i swear i mean i swear i thought i was like you know one of those guys just
tell him keep his mouth shut i thought i was out of the Brian Cox and get a new haircut oh come on
now that's a shot never great they've got oh oh oh compared to David justice is already
pissed at us p in and this guy's calling on Brian Cox what the hell's he gonna be saying next so
much oh god here's a mobile in west palm b chillo hi Neil yes sir hi i have a drug drug test related
story that i think you'll enjoy okay um i was with the company for six years went through many many
random drugs drug tests probably 20 to 30 they all came back nice and clean and one weekend i didn't
feel good and i took at a major headache i took everything to get rid of it i took one of my wife
found all the codeine oh oh codeine oh my god oh that one again i went to work one day i came back in
from work and they sent me for random drug tests i do no kinds of drugs six years and it came back
positive and they said well sorry see i well came back positive for what though the codeine that's an opian
yeah and no just no no drug rehab no nothing just you know all my all my drug tests that i've taken
all of them i do no drug and what do they do they let me go automatically for codeine for codeine
it's a it's a member of the opian family but it but me you can buy the doctors prescribed talent
all with codeine all the time that yes yeah that's right i would sue their ass man you've got to get
you a good lawyer i would sue their ass i don't know you got them dead to rights
yeah let's let's say they said it was part of the opian family and that there was nothing they could do
they don't have a drug program to send you to my god don't do drugs i took a talent on codeine
because i had a headache get get a good lawyer pal sue their ass do you believe that can you
believe this uh huh oh yeah too many of those are humontosh and too many poppy seed bagels man
you're going straight to jail this is a drug-cased country all right but it's not by the people
who are doing the drugs for the most part it's by the people who are like uh on the other side
the goody two shoes the every damn thing you stick in your mouth we'll find a test to find
that you're doing it and then we'll stick your ass in jail and fleece every god damn diamond take
your car in your house and your damn uh dog and cat whatever you got your periquette periquette
yeah that's right i wouldn't be surprised if that guy's got a periquette in the house
huh he'll probably sing
yeah okay god what a what don't you understand i mean i have such a difficult time explaining
this conveying it how silly and how juanahalises and of course the people who can't understand it
have never been anywhere in the real world and i use Amsterdam as the number one example
because that's the most progressive realistic honest to god place i can think of right off hand
it's uh it goes without saying they know what life is all about do we know what life is all about in
america oh haven't got a clue haven't got a clue the president's getting sex in the white house oh my god
they got that thing they're right on the verge there in uh you were slavvy the red and the
virgin yeltsin is walking around like a dead man they're propping him up they're carrying him
he's a walking mannequin and now last night on news they said that he's either got all's
hymirs or uh sinility or both or whatever the hell he's crazier than a bedbug they said that most
of the time he don't even know what the hell he's doing and of course thank god they got no nuclear
weapons in russia right they got a crazy man over there that's uh got the uh he's got his finger
on it and a button too and we're ring about the president got some blow jobs up there in the uh
near the oral office okay what do you think they call it the oral office for anyway huh
called truth and packaging us holes and these nazi fascist right wing lunatics running around
just on the verge of taking over this country while everybody is asleep all the rest of these people
worried about where's their god damn early brood dinner in your renewal drivers license for 25
years in a mail that's florida 152 if you a hi isn't i in norcos for you wq a m official information
set up a hurricane johns don't panic get your water and run run we're gonna die
nice brine
he's doing it
yeah
see if the cap goes up on whammy pit three tonight okay then i have to beg you not have to ever watch it again
because it's too bad always
