That's only one part of it. I mean that's not the whole point I'm making. The piece was was meaningless
It said nothing about what station I'm on what path and the purpose in the pudding. I got no calls here right now
That thing huh? I didn't say anything about the station here
I love that not so what was the benefit to me other than having to make up a what they consider
I guess a juicy story there
Oh
The point
They did it on my house
I guarantee you when John Duke Duke bag did that piece on channel four they showed all of my house
Which is a very nice house. I got nice furniture. I got a beautiful house
They showed it here. They showed that not bar mitzvah picture up on the wall from a very strange angle
And they showed me sitting there on the sofa and Johnson on the sofa and they showed me holding the dog and then they kept promising
They were gonna show all this other stuff which they didn't do
They didn't give much much play in the show at all. I don't know who room that's filled with hockey banners
And with the sports memorabilia and with posters and my Ray Whitney glow up all this other stuff
Did they show any of that? No, no, they didn't it was a piece of crap
Did they take fill of all of it? Yeah, of course they did they were in there for like an hour at least
Well, they obviously could have done a better job. Okay. Have a great day. Okay
Open line of date and all of brown everyday
Well George finally got his bonus and he was getting some money
He didn't even have no no yet coming so we'd sure I want to talk to him today
I had to break the news to you. There's no more water. There are white water and no more hearings today no more investigating the president
Hate to break the news beyond that
5 6 7 0 5 6 on's working or what
Hello, hello are we back to this again the phone is all screwed up. Yes, sir
Yeah, you know the 9303 thousand number. They don't even bother answering that yeah
But um, okay hold on hold on you hear that
You're not even bothered do we get the other lines forwarded what's going on here today rubber to be there today. Oh
1026 and 566
Neil God
Yeah
Yeah
Welcome
Hmm, what's it up like? Oh
Okay, guys got your back remember that is that we're looking for love it's where you track that the better job by me and
They see I got love facial hair, but then I'll love it
But I'll make fun don't poke your nose at the queer cage boy my style like Joe
Time to get Joe to start being silent because you might get a taste of homosexual violence
We don't play your book my target like a dog in
Market when you dance with a ray band bomb with a sign the party everyone they are
The fag
Really all hard to swallow
Don't you just frank with me just frank with me now slide
Oh right
That's it baby
Whoa
I
Can't nobody have a boy
Okay
That's
We got it up until we got the books we're sick that's happened from the Bahamas fung in the brains out of Santa Claus tonight
Here's Kendall hello
Neil how you doing this morning? Okay, sir. No, I saw your piece last night and
I definitely think they did take a shot at you at the end about footy and he's definitely always gonna die here
All that time the stuff I thought that was kind of a shot at you like you were just kind of raping the town and
Right I've only been here on your 23 years. So I mean, I'm just an interloper, you know, I'm a carpet graduate
If anybody deserves to get out of here is you
Yeah, I mean, you know, I don't know
I just don't understand it was it was like well
You know what we wish you well whatever you do, but tomorrow we're gonna be talking about
Really got a commitment to do stuff they never mentioned anything by the way about the money that I raised with charity
For Camilla's house instead of one and what I'm doing right now
I mean to I don't really care what they made me out to be a son of a bitch or a nice guy
But it was supposed to be the ice side of Neil how come they didn't mention anything about the money I raised for charity
Yeah, that was just get ready to say that that's that's I guess you thought they should have mentioned your center one campaign
Especially now and why didn't they say that hey, you know that you aren't gonna be a border this weekend and that you are
You know that where you can get these CDs where are the money going to? I mean that would have been a great plus
So there's a point of it what I'm trying to say is the point wasn't to report me
It was to prevent to get my audience to come in to help them during street. That's what it's all about right and also I just
I just see the game last night and
I think the difference in that game is that
We don't have any open right. I think it's a path in me. I mean
We let in gold last night that we're so envious and positive defense
I mean what Eddie fell on his ass when Chris just walked right in here in that first school
I mean what what are we talking about here? It was nice to come back and just a point giving your dogs a piss off about it
We have an open line of games five six seven line
I mean on the one hand it's kind of a bittersweet thing
It's great to make that unbelievable comeback and wind up with a point and get the tie
But on the other hand you're talking about some really sloppy garbage by the defense and the gold thing the offense was dynamite
They were all of them might stink on stuff the whole game
But other than that defensively and that Sean Burke lands with jerk with Kirk awful just unbelievable
Here's Miami hello
How you doing sir? Okay sir
I just knew what you said about that channel four started it arguing they showed your best right and
I was like what I mean that was that was a piece where there was a lot of work put into it and they went over to
They they showed they didn't go over there
But I mean they somewhere got footage of the skyline of Vegas and Toronto and Amsterdam and Rome and all the city
I enjoyed traveling through during the seven months that I was off here
It was a reading well produced piece as opposed to this thing which I guess they just hyped up with all the fun most
I think a lot of people would do it in
And I'll tell you what me up. I'll bet you any amount of money today when they show foodie
They will say what time and which station he's on really?
Oh, I'll bet you any amount of money on that. No, I'll be sure to miss that. Yeah, I'm a good one there. Okay. Thanks a lot
Yeah, I mean if you're gonna promote somebody who's a radio personality wouldn't make a little bit of sense to say what station they're on and what time they're on
Like that and what station they did on for life 500 years. I mean again. I guess I'm complaining too much
But I
Professional mobile watch been able to understand why they remember one of me. I've never been able to understand that they always are
I mean even when that big fat bull bite was on it. They were gonna remember one of news
And I guess maybe you could understand that because wish he was somebody that people knew who she was
Even if he was a big bad guy, but other than that what what's the attraction over there?
I never watch channel pen news. I
I'll admit it. I will even watch channel seven news, which I try to avoid
I'll watch their news before I let her watch channel 10
The only person over there that to me has any
Don know the weather guy. He's great. He's got credibility. He's not a hysterical flying over across panic guy
Don know is great. There's nobody like Don. No, but other than that forget it
Here's Miami Beach hello. Neil. Yeah, are you saying that Jonathan's follow is not your lover? That's what I'm saying
Does that mean you're available to him? Yeah, not for us three. A screamer like you don't sweetheart
Did county open five six seven oh fine? Here's a lady in bulk. Hello. Yeah. Hi. How are you Neil? Okay?
Just go to my part
That phone call you just had anyway. I'm not a first time call in fact
I went to the funeral you had for that video station it guys right going back that far
In his 23 years. Hope you're here at least another three years. Oh, yeah
But that was the last night you did like they said
More on you my Smith and others thought that was very good
So anyway, why don't you come to bulk with some time no thanks or no no
We're gonna be in board is
Kindle and no no into tomorrow. I'll see you there not we have an open line in a brown attendance
Resort here this morning on everything
21 before 11 at front on the peace life that I was talking about this about the young these phones and about the plotting and
Tuking and begging and pleading. That's what I do every day every single day of my life
Every single day you could be here on the air for 500 years
You could be your longer than mothuzwa and still every day is like the first god damn day especially last a few years every year it gets worse
Not because of me, but just because of this town because that's an nature that kind of people we got here real friendly
Real outgoing really got a lot to say really you know what I'm talking about. I think you might
If you're not just a job at radio in summer 1960 WCGR, which isn't even on here anymore. It's been off here for your can
And they win the york
250 watt station
That was a more big time placed in this market right here that that's the kind of professionalism you have in radio and TV in this market
Here's a mobile in West Palm Beach hello
Roy how's it going Neil okay sir Roy
There you go
Listen I missed the show last night was there anything even decent on it? No, not at all now
Just the only thing like I said good was they showed the cap with the joints on it, but other than that
Yeah, we're having a month to love that one and then they had there was nothing I wasn't saying anything
I mean they showed in ink clips from their show and which I was saying absolutely nothing we know it is
Probably is I mean a lot of time you tell like it is a lot of people can't handle
They just it was just a floppy they didn't care
They just wanted to use me to goose up their audience for the sweeps and I'll never do it again
See I would really like I would like to do and the reason being
Because just with the whammy thing is a board of nproly put together and presented as it's been
I was it's on George I'm in Walgreens last night to refill a prescription in between periods of hockey game
I zip over there and there's a young dark-complexed lady behind a counter
I'd say in a very room. I see your TV show
You see television has got this incredible power if you're on number one or real television station and number two
You have some control and you're able to go on there and really do something
Which is what I would like to do someday. I'm not talking about doing some phony-ish show sitting up on the six floor at
Pompato Park and I hope that guy don't ever call me again because I'm really pissed off about that call me at home with a bunch of bullcraft
I'm talking about a real TV show on a real low station and
Really getting on there and really saying something
Two open lines and day one of that. Let me tell you about 48 hours left that anybody walks that oh
Bloomfield Hills that's a sub above Detroit, Michigan
I they spent a whole hour on that which I thought was a little bit of overkill wouldn't you agree with that?
But nevertheless it was about these
Teenagers who went to this one particular school and the
Kid the the woman the thing on his lip look like a herpy to me. Anyway, he was they and the he they were what I guess 17
There were seniors him and his a three-year friends there and then the girls were like what 14 15
I miss the beginning of this but certainly amply in doubt to look like maybe 16 or 17 at least
But nevertheless so the question was they had brought the girls to their house and he had fed him some booze and had sex with him
And one of the three girls said well she wanted it
You know she went there because she wanted it and she really and the other two girls
Oh no, he raped us and took advantage of it and they went through this long convoluted song at a dance
And by the end of the thing this could get four and a half months in jail
Gets his admission turned out at the University of Michigan which just broke his heart and then the other two or three guys
They got two and a half months in jail which I don't understand. Oh, they had a shorter penis is that what made it yeah
See if you're gonna commit a sexual offense if you have a real short penis. He spent a very short amount of time
I guess
But to make a long story short at the end of the show then rather stood there with a very serious look on his post
And talked about the fact that oh my god teenagers are actually having sex in America
I do like that. I don't believe it, but that's what he said and
This and of course most of it goes back to the problem with the age of consent
In this country which is archaic and ridiculous now. I don't even know what the age of consent is what is it 18 17?
I think for heterosexuals. It's a 17 for homosexuals. It's 18
It's like 16 as long as you're not two years older something. It's very
It's really one of the different by I say even even in England remember that thing
I read yesterday that they're lowering you for for heterosexuals at 16 and they're gonna be lowering for homosexuals the same thing the 16 the age of consent
But I mean the idea that a high school girl who is 15 who may look like 18 and act like 18 that she's having sex maybe she's a
What sophomore in high school and a kid that's a senior that's two years older that he's having sex with her that even if it was
Consensual that it's statutory rape. It's so ridiculous at such another example of the kind of ridiculous laws that we have in this country from the Stone Age
I mean is there anybody out there who believes that if a 17 year old guy is having sex with a 16 year old girl or 15 year old girl
That it's rape is anybody with a brain believe that oh gotta be out of your mind or vice versa
How about if a 17 year old girl has sex with a 15 year old guy?
And that's what this whole story was about all these kids who's live and then the girls and their families had a move because now
They had this great stigma because everybody was making fun of them and calling them names and they had it moved to one other town and another school and yada yada
Because people are screwing around. That's the way it works
And you know something I think they're all full of crap. I don't believe the guys. I don't believe the girls
I think they're all full of crap because the girls kept coming back. They reminded me of that Sheldon Kennedy story
With Graham James oh, yeah, the hockey player who was abused and is running all around Canada on his roller skates and
Flitten around Canada Sheldon Kennedy the former hockey player
So plan that he was molested by his hockey coach
But the point is that he was 18 and 19 and 20 and 22 and 23 at a big strapping young guy and he kept coming back
Hey coach, how you doing tonight? Let's crack out a couple of cold ones, huh? And maybe we can work up a warm one
He kept coming back see I'm sorry. I didn't believe it then and I still don't believe it now
Don't tell me that somebody is raping or abusing you when you voluntarily keep coming back all what psychological abuse yeah right?
See I can understand in church
Where kids are forced or coerced by their families to come back and the degree of shame is so great that they're not gonna
Tell anybody that father wrote to is abusing them
Trying to alter boys and little girls every now and then if that's a horse of a different fellow fellow
But but in this case, I'm sorry. I'm just not fine. I think hollows kid your forecast
But there are all the rations jails what I say
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello
Hello, hey, yeah, yes sir. Well, you are in the case and they do happen to hear the news on the Vatican
About what that each employee got a six hundred dollar bonus
Who
There's all the employees in the Vatican each got a six hundred dollar bonus. There was money lying around there. Yeah
You didn't hear about it. No, he did not well
Thank God for that and the people of George got his bonus and the people in the Vatican got their bonus
I'm sure it I think
I think bone is what he was talking about we have an open line in the Broward to it rim start here this morning
Very very grim well, I guess not a George got his bonus. He only doesn't like that
They don't like when good things happen on the show. They would they react much better to disaster
They don't like it when things are starting to go a little bit on the and believe me if you want to hear problems
This place. I mean we we could go on from now until
2525 and give you stories
including our sales department
And our sales manager, but we don't want to waste we don't want to get you depressed on the Friday. Here's North Miami Beach, Hilla
Hi Neil. Yes, sir. Hi. Yeah, you know, I I travel a lot and I pick you up on the internet
Uh-huh
Yeah, and I was wondering another one here at town. Could you please sometimes maybe play the scooting lady or the rich standard? No
No chance. Okay, we have all the day lines open fire said there on the year last night at a decent channel
Say any percentage of the colors are more of course. I'm not gonna play that crap
Call up and talk to me. I'm sitting here doing a talk you
I've already talked about 650 guy damn things here since 10 o'clock this morning. It's not even 11 o'clock yet
Talk to me about some of those or talk to me about some bring it that you got on your
Not I don't care that you travel along and you hear it on the internet
In fact, it's one you can hear the bridge center on a guy damn it and it's on there. I'm your guy dot com
Meaning what I didn't get out the the Neil God site is going to get a
Completely gone. I said I can appeal a little bit. Well, who cares about that?
Eric is doing such a great deal. He's got to go on you'll forget
Let me say it again Neil Rodgers dot com. Eric is doing a great job with that and whatever is on there
And people I want to waste my time and show the show and almost insist that I play this old tired stuff
That we heard a million times before that he's even started using anymore. The answer is positively absolutely no
Here's a mobile in Miami-Lake so
Hey, Neil. Yes, sir
I am a Florida resident has lived her all my life. Yes, and I got about five years and I'm pulling out of here too
You're pulling out?
I'm pulling out for you. Yeah, anyway, the most obnoxious people in stores
I'm talking about counter health the people are in stores traffic is a nightmare
People still care. No, you go out into Seattle. I'm gonna tell you I don't know
I'm gonna last another four years and a month and a half and it's right because every day every week every minute
It's tougher and tougher and tougher to get a response everywhere. I go people listen to the show
I go to public last night for five minutes
6,000 people are constantly that they all love the show they listen, but to try to get a response to try to get
That to communicate with these people down here. It's becoming our set as impossible now
Yeah, well I saw the piece last night and I thought it was it was okay
The only thing is when they said I want to show the softest side of deal
I'm figuring that you're gonna start talking about what you do with Camilla's house, right
Center one and then you know, then they flash the picture your brother picture, right?
Need a little bit and holding my dogs, you know, taking two steps for about three seconds holding the dogs
Yeah, but it's not public anymore
No, it's not public because they didn't say what station amount what time I'm on it
Me absolutely no good nothing zero Zipini do dog that is nothing
Hey, I think I have a one-way deal
They were able to promote it and look it and get a few my people maybe to watch it all the one thing too many and and that was this
Hey, I got one more question. You know harm is that from the hypocritical?
No, it's from the neo-wazhers old and have a great day
Okay, we have an open line of brow at all three and today's the day for the music baby
Oh, have a party we all kinds of people to bring some food in here
We'll sit around small stokies have a party because these people aren't ended with today
So they care about 12 hours a can of star yesterday. No, they care about Sam dash puts this morning
No, they care about the 48 hours piece last night. No, they care about the goddamn thing on channel 10 last night
No, here George finally got his bonus. No, they care about anything in his town. No
So footy you can stay here until hell freezes over okay footy
Whatever the hell it is that you do for a living besides talk to a bunch of people you messing kid on what 100
Oh, yeah tomorrow we're gonna talk to somebody. It's really got a commitment here great. I am just pleased this punch for that
10.56 and five from Miami gun show if I coca-coded Grove Convention Center open Saturday 9.05
Sunday 10 till five admission is only six dollars for adults children of the 12th of all three
Plus if the Miami gun show you can take the state can feel weapon permit course for only 30 dollars offered each day
Come to the Miami gun show this weekend before the new gun laws going to affect
By Stellan's raid at the Miami gun show open all day Saturday and Sunday this weekend coconut Grove Convention Center
Q a F the Neil Rogers show Lauderdale
Friday you press
through
560 WQM the day lines are dead as a door nail probably
Like I said 5 6 7 0 5 60 and Tom 5 60 on the 18th you wireless line. Here's Miramar. Hello
Gracious good morning. How are you okay, sir? I jumped on the line real quick because
Reacon Clayte used to show this paper Bonnie and Marie so yeah, I'll be watching the show to tell fair figures
I just can't we believe you well, no serious was I was waiting to see the vertical trial, but
I wonder how are they gonna let that loose by the way. Oh, they just announced that he's guilty second degree murder and
His wife's course is all of that she's twirling her sheets, but
You'll be a charge. Did you see that one bitch out on the street with a sign that said
Asians are invading our neighborhood
A did no seriously. I'm not your laugh. I'm not making it up
There was a black woman out there in that neighborhood and it said the sign said
Asians DA agents are invading our neighborhood
Sir if I can put it this way, I don't care so much about bilingualism. Let's speak one English one language any language
Well, one yes pick one in one language learning
Properly and then if you could pick up a second one's great, but most people don't even speak one language properly
So you know why don't you that's the American way and you'd be having a nice weekend
We have an open line of day one and proud. Yeah, the the
Arabs that's what it said the Arabs are invading our neighborhood
DA the Arabs
Don't you remember the British are coming the British are coming remember that
Here's a mobile in North Bay Village hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir
Yeah, I moved here from Chicago and I was wondering which thoughts and a course that I take because it's hard to communicate with most of the people
I don't know if I should take Portuguese or Zillion
The others with which ones are no I think we better. We just go back to Chicago and be a real good idea
We have an open line of day one and Howard five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty on the 18th
You wireless line. You know how old and pond risk that gets
I mean like I said only minutes ago. I'm talking about all this other stuff
They don't care about that. They want us to keep talking about bilingualism. I'm not interested. Okay call up Sandy Payton
Call up that lovely lady that very book's lovely lady call her up
On Wassie's she's still going to afford to pay those rates to stay on the year
Do we have any idea if she still is on here? No, we care. No, I'm sorry
And how on and whatever happened with that will thing with that bishop and the grouper and all that and Sandy. Anybody know about that? No
Yeah, this guy just moved here from Chicago
First of all by anybody would move here from Chicago in the first place you'd have to be out of your mind
I mean the weather does suck up there most of the time even in the
What's supposed to be the summer but other than that what a great city that is with a great downtown where everybody speaks English
And where the complexion is kind of very much on the light mocha side not too dark
Here's tempered pines hello. Hey don't know. Okay, sir
First of you know, I thought it was great. The only one good thing about that
Channel 10 thing was they did show that hat like you were saying. Yeah, that was good
They showed it prominently and over and over and over again
And if that's the case if they were able to show it on a regular
Or a real honest to god network affiliate station
The how come Maddie Leshem over there at whammy was making such a big song and a dance about it and whacked in like an overgrown child
Because I had a cartoon postcard on my cap for the budget joints on her from Amsterdam
I think they were afraid because if they somehow somebody complained they didn't complain to complain to the boy or fees
Yeah, that could be it. That's probably where it is
But um, oh, it won't have key. You know on with the center one campaign and it's like that
They have the older CDs too. Yeah, they got some. Okay. Um, do you have the front of the wichens?
563 634
Great and that's what we're gonna go towards like if I buy the old ones that can go towards the bishops. Yes, sir
All right. Thanks for on you. Thank you
Don't forget tomorrow's gonna be the big test
I have a thing you know duck comes in to be published. Oh today
All the marches would be really great down there borders and candles should be a great turnout
And I'm think I didn't say anything, but I thought to myself based on what
I mean, let's face it these appearances that we've done on this radio station have been
Pretty weak. They've always been pretty good down there Kendall cut the ridge
Let me say it again the appearances that we've done on this radio station so far have been
Mighty weak. We did have a real good one at pizza law
But pizza law is kind of like an exception. It's kind of like our headquarters. I mean, it's uh
You know, it's not like we're in a shopping mall
It doesn't have that kind of foot traffic rating
But we always do real well at pizza law because we've been going there for many many years
But I mean you know not that we're not appreciative of people who let us come to their establishment
But like the big malls who we've been in most of the big mall
No, we have anything set up for December yet. You know like between Thanksgiving and Christmas when people are gonna
Be spending all their hard-earned money and they're gonna be out there shopping my crazy to lay drop
And might actually you pick up some of our CDs and stuff you have anything set up for like
Middle or late December. No, but Scrooge. She was down here just the other oh don't worry about it
I don't know. I won't take care of it. You don't worry about it
I'm gonna tell you something Leuann if brains were dangerous. You'd be the safest bitch on the face of the year
Make no mistake about it
Here's a mobile in homestead. Hello
Hey, Neil. What's up? How you doing, sir? I'm glad to hear you. You're born. It's after five years
In the morning. Yeah, well listen man. There is not a car me like right now in Grunge contest
The reason I'm caught right, you know, I call my mobile right, you know
I'm paying because I have both house. I can't you got how five six you are now
I mean you put me a hole and then you know you take three cars and you know you go
For commercial. I mean, I stay a hold. I'll call back once in a while
I know this format. I've been talking about that. It's impossible. We've got for the monster four newscast breaks an hour
And these people that you tell them about it. They did oh, yeah, well, I will think about it
And they scratch their head and they walk away from it. I mean you got a good show and I think you know
Is that you know you want to wipe people from times I'm caught you know?
Well, the whole station is developing that syndrome more and more because it's all spots review and and most people who have any
semblance of life. They're not gonna wait for like
55 hours to get on and talk for two minutes
Yeah, I just want to know it's not you. You know, it's just that you know
We can't hold on forever especially to me that I'm paying that you know the car right? Okay pal
Thanks for the memories
Yeah, he's right. So even even the listeners know about the format. They know it sucks
Even the listeners understand that and by the way Gregory the reason Norma Kent didn't call you about that
Adjustment on my pay for the second year. It's because he would call you about all the other things which you don't respond to
But you know, oh Norm didn't even call me in fact
He probably didn't expect to be turned calls while he didn't call you
We have an open line of day five six seven oh five six line. Here's four Myers. Hello
Yes
About 48 hours. I watched that program last night and what did you think of it? Well whenever I watch those kind of programs
I think we have too many policemen too many prosecutors and too many lawyers if too many too many stupid laws
If exactly if if they were going to
Pull these laws in the school I graduated from my whole class would have been in jail right
It's just it's totally really doing hard time and and I'm watching these girls. They only somehow
I just think that they were advertising they wanted it
They're looking cute see and they're looking for hot guys
And they kept coming back again. That's what I don't understand
I mean if you're gonna be raped and if somebody's gonna booze you up and take advantage of you
What do you come back for and what do you tell your girlfriend? Let's go there and get laid
I mean what is that all about and then you know it's quite rape exactly and I well like I say
I just think we got too many cops too many lawyers too many states attorneys
They got nothing else to do but did you think that that one kid the kind of ring leader the one that was the main focus of the story
What did you kind of a wise guy? Oh, yeah, he was a real wise guy
You don't want to go more time than anybody else. He's quoting Bill Clinton. Oh, yeah, all of a sudden a bullcraft
That was great. That was just wonderful
I record your programs and send them a mic and Columbus, Ohio. She loves you. All right, you are God. I'm digging Columbus
You bet all right. Thanks. Thank you. There's here. All right. Thank God. We got a guy that saw the 48 hours piece last night
I actually had something to say about it
That made sense
Thank God for you sir. We have an open line a day
I understand there's too much fragmentation there were too many different things
We had to start thing when I'm forever last night and David Campbell who I thought I did a really piss poor job
By the way he got him a little bit foaming at the mouth there for a couple seconds
But other than that he didn't say a goddamn thing
And then when it started getting really out of control there at the end then they shut the cameras off
Did you see any of that when he started talking about subpoena these other witnesses on the account?
It has some kind of a subpoena or some kind of a penny and
Barney Frank started footing or I thought he was gonna take off into orbit. He was flipping his like flipper like this
And it was great and then they were right at that point they cut the cameras off
Because at that point we saw that Henry Hyde is just a partisan just like all the rest of them the Democrats the Republicans every single one of them
I mean all the Republicans yesterday
There are five minutes consistent of almost your star
We thank you so much for being here today and you never stole a freight train and we know you're a great American and you're a wonderful
You were a great judge and blah blah and we love you and the Democrats all were going on about hey
You're full of crap and you know you hate the president and so on what an incredible waste of 12 hours
You know
Come on. It's past 11 at 560 WQA and bird white where you got it
Sport radio
560 QAL
A planet where 80 also men
You got the QM so I asked you this some of big angry
Hostel guy regardless of whether he's black white or a Arab or whatever you might be
Well comes that you who's already threatened you by the way and intimidated you and comes at you with a with a bottle
bottle of what
No like with it with a bottle like you know breaking off a bottle and like maybe I'd be gonna kill you stuff like that
And you just are absolutely terrified for your life and you pick up your piece and you start shooting and just to automatically
Just keep shooting until he's dead as a doorknob
Sure, maybe kick him a couple of purposes be out
And this guy got the convicted second to re-emerner
And the Arabs are invading our community
Okay, we have an open line at Broward 5 670 560 and pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line
There's a mobile in Miramar hello
Mobile in Miramar
Going once long gone. Okay, here's Kendall. Hello
Hey, Neil yes, sir
Did you see Bono on that
Improvary yesterday? Is she a bonehead or what she's a total Bono head yeah? Oh, I just like you so much
You so nice you've done such a good job. I thought she was gonna do him right there
I thought she was gonna crawl under the table and do him right there
Oh, and he looks so happy smiling looks like how do you do it?
Yes, my family's fine and thank you. Okay. Thank you. Okay. We have an open line at day one in Broward 560 line
Here's for Lottardale. Hello
Neil God yes, sir. Love yourself. Huh? Hey, I agree with you total about 10 news
Diane Magna and
It's white. What is man do you say they're certain losers?
I grew up with Channel 10 and I love their news back in the days when
was it art call sin and and
I like you. We're like right right and I moved to Ryan and I moved back like I moved to where he was
We're a browser start out and then he got screwed over. Yeah
And I don't know I think I chill seven sort of like totally influenced them to the point where they just
They they have no regard for or no shame. I should say for how they plug their up and coming news
They're with over the whole promo's or plugs throughout the day
I remember about three years ago. There was an instance where Diane Magna comes on like food three o'clock in the afternoon
The promo playing
Land
So you know this is right
Obviously a place when you get to the term pipe
I want to use it five across
And then one of these little pipe air planes has a little problem. It was a model plane
I think there's some picture of the way over here
Yeah, no
Nobody heard nothing
Which he well, I got a real good idea of other journalistic credibility last night and again
Maybe it is it's just a small point, but I mean why would you
Interview somebody or a people and go to their home and then make things up and twist and manipulate and the term things around
Well, what's the point?
You know, you say you think the ratings they just don't tell what they said
Why would you say in total cops?
Okay, I think they saw
I mean, that's not gonna affect your ratings so people are gonna suddenly get me for it and discover all my god
They're talking about you know, whatever fill in the blank
Because you either watching it or you're not
But if you're gonna do an interview with somebody why not do it accurately? What what is the point?
So like I said, I thought she was a real-life person, but I mean while you sit down with somebody for half an hour
They put on a nice face and etc. And so on. Maybe that was the best she could do. Maybe that's her idea of journalism
Maybe that was the best piece they could put together
Because quite frankly, it's sucked
Here's a call from Greensboro and North Carolina. Hey Neil, how you doing? Okay, sir? Hey, I enjoyed hearing you in person a few weeks ago
When I was down there in Miami and now I've got you on the web. All right. I want to talk about the thought here
Yeah, you know, I'm a libertarian and I'm absolutely
The democrat should have once discussed me, you know, because and why is that so?
I'll tell you why because the idea I mean, I'm in I just really have a problem with control freaks
And so you we've got you know sort of the religious right which I have a problem with in the Republican party
But they so feel and compare with the actual control they want to have over your life and have pot proceeds
They're having while doing it. Let me give you an example
We're talking about someone who's more responsible for making it harder to say hello in a wave
It's someone at work
Maybe a little wink and nod to go along with it. What does that have to do with a star hearing?
The reason is is because look you can see right away from the star hearings when you look at Maxine Waters
She's racist on the uh star hearings. She's a racist. Oh, absolutely else. She's also come on the democrat distance herself
Distance from telepharmus. She's in league with colic solo
First of all, it's just
And all these people you know Republicans are just dressed by their mom. They're just wussies
They don't really listen you and your libertarian party good luck you up there in greens bro pal
Oh my god see why I stopped talking that crap about 200 years ago
What a bunch of convoluted garbage
We have an open line and day nothing you had to say had anything to do with the uh star hearings
The fact that Maxine Waters is sitting there on the committee. How about then it's got that
I miss call
That was telling you about yeah lines like that. I'll leave little one line is not one line is
Following the fetish head and his chest. Oh
Oh, I had his head on his chest. It usually got it like down on the counter
Open line in the brow. I'd love to look at the pictures of his wife and his little baby
Five fun and the thing of it is I like him. I mean personally. I mean, he was a great talent years ago
So it's not that I don't like him. It's just that that show
Is unbelievable
Here's Pember Pine. Hello
Yes, sir. How you doing today? Okay
Maybe for you yesterday in the
program uh-huh and
Couple things that you said I really didn't like you know, I mean you always that well
Concentrate you say that on the radio you know 95% of the call you get there from more. No, I said 90%
I'm sorry. I'm off by 5%
Most important thing is that you know you said you hate this place and you wish that you're gonna be courted
I mean I'm sitting there and I mean it's a place I didn't say that well you were not really happy with that
What did I say that I hated it? Well, you say that you know they ever come back to this place
I'm dead. I say that I didn't say that either. I didn't say I would never come back
In fact, I'm buying my mother's condominium from
Mother how about you Neil?
Convertations or not yes, I will definitely do that. How come you don't let me finish my sentence? I all mean finish
Let me say it again. I bought my mother's condominium in Hollywood
So number one she can live rent free and number two that when she meets the big maker in the sky
Eventually I'll come back to part of the year here and I'll live there
But that's not what you said you said you hated it
I know I should not say that I never said I hated it
I never said I was never coming back I never said either one of those things
Neil don't forget what you're making your money
Which you do talk for that. Let me tell you something
I'm making a lot of money here, which is the main reason that I'm
And that's right
But if you want me to lie and tell you that I love
Community digits and like the latest thing with the phony petitions that Maria Maria the vigorous
Swarrow is phoning up again to try to get back into phony is way back it up
No, I'm not talking about these banana republic government
That's not so that what are we talking about
So I'm sorry to self- people here
What about it?
No, I don't think that that's terrible like you say they are
Well, that's your opinion
Of course
Okay, I'm a great idea
And where do you go?
I will say here
No, no, where do you travel?
Where do I go? Why?
Yeah, on vacation like where do you go?
But usually Italy
Italy
And you like it better here than Italy?
Well, I didn't say that my wife is maybe like all the time
What do you like better?
Italy or South Florida?
Absolutely South Florida
We're in Italy
Uh, in Napoli
All right, okay, thank you. Okay, very nice.
Maple for all the flippers are
Try going to a place where they have people with an income of more than $10 a year
More than 40,000 lira would be good
We have an open line indeed. I mean, he's in patent.
Well, I don't know his opinion, but don't start making an attack on me
Because I'm being honest about the way I feel about it
And don't give me the song in a dance like I'm a stealing money out of here
Like I give nothing back to the community
How much money are you raising security this year, sir?
What have you done to try to improve or
I suppose what else going on here?
That I've been banging my head against the brick wall for 22 and a half years
And it's still going on
Well, let's get out of the republic
But maybe some of us don't want to live in a god damn
But I don't know republic. How do you like that, sir?
Oh, excuse me
If you want to live in a country like where the state or like Italy, we're going to change every two or three weeks
You want the fastest DQA?
Oh, is that it? Was that a fake uh, fake Q?
Okay, 1145. Well, what the hell do I know?
I've got that's uh, is that something new there or what?
Is that new? Uh-huh. Okay.
Well, they want to keep you on your toes. Anyway, Greg Regis brought me a big big checkered
Do you see how much this amount was for?
Yes
Wow, not bad more than you making them just not not quite
I was gonna say more than you making a month
Here's uh in six months. Here's vocal. Hello
Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah
Star last night
Now look he was still going on about 10 11 o'clock, right? Yeah, he was on
Almost to 11 right? Yeah, he's bad. He was starting to lose it there at the end Kendall Kendall had him going
I know he didn't David Kendall was right thought very weak. He didn't say a god damn thing
Well, they wouldn't let him talk. I mean, they only had a few minutes
What do you mean they wouldn't let him talk? He had 30 minutes and they gave him another 30 minutes
They still didn't say anything. He was weak
Well, how about uh, Maxine Waters and Frank? Yeah. Well, if they give them a little more time to work in the room
I think he would have come on on blue there. Yeah. Yeah. They would have gotten under his skin
But they did that. I got news for you. There was 12 hours and by the time it was all over
They asked all these experts they bring on did we learn anything new today? And they all said no absolutely nothing
No, and they kept saying well, they didn't ask any questions on the fact they just attacked us are well
If they wanted the fact you have to bring in the
Look, look, look, look, look like Sam dash said he had no business being there testifying
He gave them the report all these they we've got 50,000 different books with all this information right
It's been on the internet. It's been an every newspaper every magazine
You know, that was supposed to be their job to read the referral to decide whether there were impeachable offenses to proceed with
And instead of that they put on his dog and pony show with him for 12 hours yesterday
And they still haven't got anything. Yeah, I don't think they're gonna take a vote on it to you
You're asking me well, I mean
They think how much more money Richard melonscape and the right way he can read you know, I don't know
You could see these other republicans are bailing out on on the deal a little by little if they're losing support
And by the way speaking of how do you do do you have you ever seen Bill McCollum from Florida?
Oh
The worst okay have a great life
In fact, he kind of looked like you're across between howdy duty and mr. bolster yesterday
Let's bring back Buffalo Bob. Oh, they bring them back anyway
Let's play that good times music again
We have an open-line at Howard 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T wireless line for that guy that called before that was
Chastizing me and give me a song of dance. I got a nice big fat check in my pocket
Which I didn't even realize I had this money coming okay
I mean, it's eventually I would have realized I moved ahead a big song in advance
But for once they actually in fact you better write this down on the same day that George got his bonus
I got a pay increase right to rack it to October 1st that I forgot I even had coming how do you like that?
Are they coming along here or what no, same bullcran
What do you laugh at about you're not they're not coming along at all?
It took you about what 10 years to get that money
How do you like to have the interest in the bank and all the money to these people don't pay anybody
Open up by the way, is there interest on here Greg on this no
Here's a mobile oh and Naples of Florida Ridley. Hello
Neil yes, sir. Yeah, hi. This is Bob and Naples. Yes, Bob. Florida. That is
Listen, I wanted to thank you for turning me on to the pizza loft
I went over to the breeder's cup to call their um a couple weekends ago right and uh, I met Jeff wonderful guy
He's interesting greatest food. I've ever had yeah, I'm sorry
Um also on the way out. This is how nice the guy is
Anybody we're talking to him and that's his work and I get tickets to the dolphins. James they're going down to us
You know local mobile stations and you know what those idiots
He says just a minute he goes
Excuse me goes in his kitchen pulls out two tickets. Are you serious? Yeah, it was terrific. God
Just terrific. What a good guy anyway. Let me show and uh, just want to let you know that and he's a good guy
And thanks to let me know about that place. Okay. Thanks a lot Bob. Big easy. Okay
And uh, Jeff must have probably slipped to 20 in there to with it. Often tickets to inspire that call
He's okay. I booked that Jeff Cohen. Oh
Never met a vibrator he didn't like
We have an open line in jade county five six seven alone. I was thinking about eating today. George
Have a little celebration here, but I'm not going to do it
I shouldn't do it tonight. Bob started. Are you starving? Like I said, we're probably going to be eating here shortly
Well, George isn't going to be here next week. He'll be on the case now. You're not going anywhere. Yeah
No, I start the house to work on
And I was going to go to North Carolina about
And you're by the way not only gave me that great exercise bike for my birthday
But yesterday afternoon came over and worked feverishly for about 10 minutes and put that thing together
No, seriously. That's that's a great thing
Did you try it out at all? I tried it out for about five seconds and I made sure that all the
meters worked and all that. That's great
Well, no, I will be using it because it's right there in front of the tv in my room
Which has the cable in there the tv in the other room with the treadmill and it's got the rabbit ears
I don't have cable in there is that the same bedroom that you share with your
With my dogs. Yes, one of the closest creatures in the world to me is my golden retriever
Because he's like better than a person
Most sure that I consider him one of my very best friends in the world a little dog, you know, he's
crap, but
Feel again, I might support to say
Like a cuddly little dog like they show me last night of a holding that little piece of crap in my arms
The only reason I was holding him is because if I let him down on the floor
He's gonna be running around not get everybody over screaming and cheering on and barking up his storm
That's right. We as I was holding him and then after they walked out I said hey
I'm walking right in that kitchen. I open up the door in the microwave
I said hey tiny take a look in there, huh perfect fit and he quiets down. He dummies up in a hurry
See a little dog is like
You feel sorry for it. Not like a friend who are companion little buggy. You feel sorry. It's pathetic
Got to bring the size of a ball bearing. It's kind of like Greg Reed, you know
But a big dog like a person
Got a personality. You can talk to him if it's amazing
So you know, you have one dog that's a piece of crap and another dog is like a good friend
How do you like that Diane? Maybe we should have a little longer conversation for you, okay?
In fact, I should have been sitting on the couch with a golden retriever then I could have said meals companion
Under the other catch and that that would have been good
Go Diane. I just I guess I didn't draw her good enough diagram
Here's a mobile in Kendall. Hello. Yes, Neil
Neil this morning. I watched the pade show and I was absolutely sick and by the way that Matt
80 and him rusted
Deaf fight this guy. Really?
Yeah, I mean, you know what star has done to our civil rights and for the law in this country is worth the
10,000 surface
A lot better known that st dash walked out and issued a scathing indictment of what Ken started with testifying yesterday and
Sandbags like I said one of the most respected lawyers in the whole country and a real
Watergate veteran this guy told him to stick it with a moon don't shine
That's right
Listen Neil there two reading references that I'd like to give you yes
What is the info 98 issue of that fire where there is an article called fear mr. President
Oops by David Brock and David Brock with the guy yeah, I already read that up sooner. Yes, and moving away law
And then the second one is entitled and the horse he rode in on
My James Carville right have you come across that? Yes, I already read that. Thank you very much
Okay, we have an open line and a husbandry magdalene room by the way open line P&T line
I got a great thing here that somebody fact me. I'll get into before the show ends today if we ever have time
Children in the US justice system which ties in a little bit with what went on last night on 48 hours
Peace which I guess that other guy they called him yours truly really the only ones that's on well
Why would anybody be watching that when it could be watching you know the 11th and 12 hours of Ken star
And the end of the hot gig I would you know I have this tremendous ability which drives everybody else not
To watch about two four things at the same time and very rarely miss anything important
I can be watching like three different hockey games or football games simultaneously
And I'm flipping back and forth and I just have this way ability to time it so that either all of them have commercials on at the same time
Which is usually the case since there are no more games. It's just nonstop spots
Or I turn on just when there's a goalbeam scored just tremendous like when the panthers tied it up
I had just turned it back on it's five to four and within 15 seconds
But I beat there's Whitney with that big shot here's the rebound. They're all them on the front of the event next thing
You know as famous to sit in any game is tied five five
But anyway, I'll log in this a little bit later on because I miss the international as you know discovered that this country
Got some real real problems when it comes to violations of human rights. I know that we're not supposed to believe those things
Here's for a lot of deal. Hello. They need God. What's up? Are you don't you? Yeah, I saw the piece on channel 10
Yeah, that's right and even though it was a fluff piece it was glad
I was glad to see you've relaxed and chanted and hanging out it was you know better than the usual form
Or your foaming at the mouth and so forth. No, but I enjoyed it was good enough. I thought it started
Yeah, well, I mean it's stuck. I understand it didn't get it for you. You know, humanitarian problem
I'm just about that. I'm not looking for a brownie points, but I ain't that I didn't get a chance to say anything number one
Number two. There was no promotion of what station I'm on what time I'm on what I've done here. I'm gonna say nothing
You know, it's just uh, I'm the most listen to when they hate me or they love me or whatever and that was it
You know, it's channel 10 you can't expect too much. Yeah, you're right. Yeah, listen
Also, I'm gonna lap a door also and it's a great dog
You know, it's just like having another person in the house right a personality fantastic
Doesn't talk fast. No, absolutely great and an unconditional love too, right?
You know, and uh also I want to put my vote in for this place
Float stuff Florida's bunch of poses and assholes. Yeah, all right
Yeah, it's to be quite honest with you and when I get to your financial means to go somewhere else believe me
I will okay and one more thing
Uh, not all Republicans are a bunch of born again assholes psycho
douchebags, okay? Okay, all right. I'll talk about you uh, bag you said that
We have two open lines in Broward five minutes eleven picked at the boobster at six and we got ed cappin
And lie from the Bahamas boy. He'll be plunging his brains out over there kind of clock the
QA
The Neil Rogers shot Lauderdale
Neil
Yeah
I'm waiting we mentioned that the erums are invading our neighborhoods
12 o'clock at five sixty WQM. We have two open lines in Broward line
So a couple of weeks ago I had what I thought was the most incredible statement in the history of sports
By Terry Marie when he talked about the fact they didn't pull the goalie at the end
And they could have had a two-man advantage and played the oh yeah six on four whatever it all was
And he said well we practiced the power plate you remember that comment
And I said in fact I even saved it. It's up on the wall on the abolven board
But he's even uh done himself better than that
Defoe was in here before reminded me about this. Thank you default
Worthy playing goalie for a Boston last night
Anyway after the Panthers made a big comeback last night tied to game five five. This has to be a big morale boost
Defense been Paul Law said anytime to come back from a four-gold goal deficit
It has to give it confidence. It has to be something we can carry laws known for his responsible defense and willingness to drop the gloves at any time
Assisted on goals by Scott Mellon being marked parish 57 second to part in the third period
Robert Svayla scored the time goal with 10 11 left and left and regulation
Murray this is Terry Murray okay Panthers coach Terry Murray strap yourselves in boys and girls
Compared laws the game's first star to Bruins Hall of Famer Bobby Orr
If he was wearing number four on his back tonight he could have fit right in here with a legend
Said Terry Murray. Oh, is this guy got a sense of humor? What?
Unbelievable I
Mean don't get it wrong. I left Paul laws, but every time I see him and boy
There's he looks just like Bobby Orr out there. He just every every movie makes you might be number four Bobby Orr
right? No
Here's a mobile in the homestead. Hello
Mobile at homestead. Oh hello Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, with the response you've been chatting at this morning events from South
Has it ever crossed your mind or run for governor?
Meaning what? For one for governor here in Florida
For what point based on what based on what?
Because if you were you were on 48 hours and you didn't just talk what all you want
I was on 48 hours
I mean the channel pan yesterday the program. I was on 48 hours. No, no, no
I make a mistake. Okay. Yeah, you made the call. That was the mistake two open lives in Broward five six seven
And that guy's chastising me before what I said about 90 percent. I think it was being pretty damn generous
I think I was underestimating
I mean what about is this guy talking about does anybody have any idea? No
Here's Miami Beach. Hello
Yeah, you guys go
Okay, sir
Hey, 48 hours. I didn't see you there. I'm not 48 hours. And you look great on it. Okay. I never looked so young in my life
In fact, I'm gonna be doing my four and a half months starting after the show
Got y'all got money George has money. I congratulate him when he picked up the phone
I finally told you took us about 10 years to get the money out of these two passes
48 you got it, okay? Uh-huh. Listen, we were working yesterday last night
Which we trade currencies and when old sand came on and resigned, you know
dollar really shot. I mean that tells you that they're done with this impeachment crap
And we turned you to see on channel 10, but Neil we really missed that home
Okay, the home job that you used to get you know, I know you should have walked to Miami first
You would have gotten the free home job. Yeah, but we get the home job then when we were forgotten, you know
Uh, what you see it's it's written in the law you can't have the cap with the with the a pot
You can't have the weed on there and the hummaker same time
One of the other that was cool. I couldn't be like that. Wamy
Why do you think I put that out? I don't understand because he decided that it was
Unacceptable for television standards on whammy and then they put it on cell 10. Yeah
Like channel 10 doesn't have a bigger market to whammy. I've put channels 10s got more people watching in five seconds
And all the people to watch whammy since it's been on the end of June
Listen, I want the borders
Best of Neil. Thank you. Yeah, well, I had some problems there giving them money and getting receipts and yadda yadda on all that crap
Yeah, I read the
ArcSide of Camelot and just finished these last rights and some good books. So you got some good reading material
You know and in closing Neil how could you forget your money?
How can I want forget your money? You're money that you had come out there very easily
They keep you occupied with so many other damn problems without all payments. We don't have to worry about that
Huh, it's not all time is we don't have to worry about that not yet. All right guys. Love this day there. Yeah
We have an open line of day five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line between this
Screw in our sales manager and all the other things and all the lies and the stories and the bull crap they feed you here
They keep you so off balance and maybe that's part of the attack that you know
And then instead of dealing with the other problems that come in oh hey see this we found this on our own
Here's the money. We owe you didn't even realize it see what great guys we are and I just go. Oh, yeah, give me the check. Thank you
Here's South Miami. Hello
Hey, Neil. I don't know about you, but I can't
Stand that black mole on
10 stars temple
It's just become a dead man is the brown one of my right eyebrow
Cancer. Yeah, and and you know what we think like I think the whole world is focusing on it, but they're afraid to admit it
I'm glad that's a tumor. We have an open line of day five six. I'm
Mobile implantation. Hello. Yeah, I mean, Mr. Rogers. Okay, sir
I'm not kissing you but but I watched the interview last night. Yeah, and I was just like to say that I am really impressed that
Uh, everybody got to see the other side of Neil Rogers. Okay, they did or hello. Yeah, okay
Cuz I'm breaking up a little bit on this course and it was just real refreshing to see the other side because people you know most people
Look at you used to be a bracelet. You know, and they don't see the other side to you
Also, I am a head of the central okay, but I also felt that it was important and it was a lot that you
Yes
It was important that I did what
I
My special program okay, get a new phone pal
We've had an epidemic last three days every on a 90% of the cell phones by the time they get about right to the meat of the matter
Where you're hoping you can understand what ever the hell is saying at that point the phone just started garbling and that's it
Probably a goddamn communist plot. Oh, it is
Maybe a cashier about that would pecker fired up again
Look at that. You congress. Uh, should they uh, she representative in peach only 31% down from 35 and the overwhelming majority of the american public says no
Get this crap over with already CNN says in their latest pool. They're pulling them
Here's the mobile in sunrise. Hello
Hey, Neil, what's going on? How you doing sir? Okay, listen. I'm thinking side here and everybody complain about the plotter and help
The people in the city and this and that
You know if they don't like it, they can move up north and just get that out of here. Yeah. I don't know what's going on
So we got the best weather it's beautiful people multicultural
It's a dynamite to live in paradise. Oh, it is of course. This is paradise
It's big new for instance. They knew five million year are they I thought it was 20 million
Is this paradise? Yeah, okay, it's I see it's you know, I'm saying why I said 98% more on's okay
90% was a gross underestimate on my partner. I apologize for feasely
And of course this guy, you know, uh, regresses bless like the old saying goes when you're dumb as this guy is he thinks he's in paradise
He's probably got a paradise hanging from his overview mirror
We have an open line and date one in line like I said tell me where I'm wrong
Don't give me a big song to dance like you work for the chamber of commerce
Tell me where I'm wrong what I've said over these last many many years
Including back the first month I was on the year in march of 1976. I'm KAT
And the guy asked me well, you know now that you're here in Miami
You know, what do you think about the sophistication level of our community? And I said you can't complain about it because there isn't any
sophistication level of our world class city
This guy really believes that this is paradise
Probably there's a lot of scuba diving
9 minutes after noon 60 QAM Florida sucks
Hey
I'm spiked and you know when I'm driving down route down W on a hot silver day me and the listeners always stop the dickens
Dickens fruit stain they've got everything from fruits to vegetables homemade past but there is
That right honey
Get inside
Yeah, sir, why even though we were late for church last summer she had to have a little dick insider
She says the ring of the button
Even my minister says this is what enjoys a little dick insider now and then hey
Why don't you bring some home and our predictive plastic ribbop that way it'll stay fresh or you can let sit a while and have some hard
dick insider
He's good at lunch good at dinner and there's nothing like waking up with a dick insider dickens fruit stain
Just to offer you in
country road 69 open 24 hours because I have for a kid is summer night
I like to snuggle up in bed with a thick inside
14 to 5 60 WQ I'm speaking about getting back to that 48 hours piece last night piece
How many of you guys out there like when you were 17 18 year old were doing the girls that were like 15 16
You think that there might be just maybe one or two people in this audience
One or two million people listening right now who were doing stuff like that
Maybe when they were like 17 were doing girls that were like 14 and 15 you think that ever goes on oh, we know that it doesn't go on
Because if we put all the young people all the teenagers in jail who are doing hanky-panky with
Girls younger than they are then then those cells would just be crowded that they would have to be built the new prison every street corner
Okay, sir
Yeah, I saw that thing on channel 10 last night. We were actually waiting all week to see it because they kept throwing it
But um, I agree with you
But when it was over I looked at my wife and he says what was the whole purpose of that?
It's really say it didn't say anything
I don't know if you people are calling this in all this crazy trying a different life
But they're just sucking around these
There was one of the worst things ever been involved with my life. I mean they said I had a chance to say absolutely nothing
They didn't promote what station I'm on what time I'm on what is that I do?
I mean just nothing you know, I got two dogs in my
Companion or whatever he's supposed to be and that was it and then the back of my ball spot
It's a track for five seconds and that was their idea of a piece of what a nice guy
And I listen I'm at it also watch that 48 hours thing
I didn't get I was out of my car for a while so I didn't really get the heat your take on it
I don't know I mean I guess you sort of I agree with your saying
In some respect, but I was kind of torn. I mean I didn't really think
I need the kids these little guys actually raced the girls, but
So I don't know when you when you think about it
If these guys were so popular and good looking in their school
Could they just go could make a lot to the 60 I mean since since the law they just percent is
That you have to be over over
Now let me ask you this seriously are you suggesting to me that kids in high school ask for ID
Before they hop in the sack with
You know these guys were seniors and they're obviously we're going after through
Freshman girls these are fresh 14 year old freshmen
They weren't just going after freshmen these just happen to be some of the girls that they were banging
That's all they just happen to be in addition to which let me say it again
They were coming back to their homes. They were coming back the third girl if you saw that part of the history
The third girl asked to be brought there so she could have sex with one or more of them right? Right?
I don't I mean I don't think they should have been sensitive
I don't think they should be sent to prison for it. It's not like a sense like that
But so I think he's I don't know I have girls. I know if I have sons. I think I would tell them look
I would say look you you know go go out with girls over 16
You know you're you know you you know
You know obviously they're gonna go out with girls. I have let me ask you let me ask you this are there girls
That putting some of the ones on their story lies matter the girls 15 who look about 18 or 19?
That's true. That's very well developed and very mature and have big firm breasts
It's it's hard really. No, I mean it's all I situation, but I feel I've been I also feel for these girls
It is hard I could fix my own daughter going into high school as a freshman and you know
There's so naive and these kids are a lot more. I got the answer for you pal. I got the answer chest to be built
Yeah
All right, thank you. You'll need it
Okay, two open lines in Brian
Here's north Miami Beach hello. Yes, Neil. Yes, sir. Thank you very much for taking my call
Now, it's our first time caller and long time this
What's the lawyer of president and I do believe that they did a very good job and
Sushley David Kendall when he uh stood up
Far when you told him that he tried to why of
President, I don't know if you recognize that hi. I saw the whole thing. I thought he did a very weak job
I thought he was uh, I think they can do anything
Huh they can do anything more than what they did because
It's a very big political issue between two parties and
The phone party has the power in this issue. They they they they minimize the time for them
And if you look at start the way you are speaking
He was very comfortable answering the Republican and his answer was very short
Well, the republicans didn't ask him any questions for the most part
They just made little speeches and kisses asked and said what a wonderful guy he was and he never still were for a train
And how nice those glasses were and which of Thomas was to be given from and uh, said them and so on and they wish they could be just like him when they grow up
One more thing can I comment? Yes, sir
You think the american people will we see that the way we see it
Will they see what?
They've already seen that they're tired of it. They don't want no more. Mr
They are they've had it
They want him to pack up his salami sandwich and take his coffee thermos and go back to a pepper diner somewhere and get that a lot of our face
Neil, thank you very much for taking my call and have a great life. Thank you for making your
We have an open line and powered to invade five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line
Here's Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Well, long time ago. I do down
What is it? Sorry. What are you doing? I'm trying to radio. Oh, okay. Okay
Two comments. I think if that book say you recommend it long-srights yes, right? Incredible. Isn't it? Oh my god
I had no idea why I had an idea but now it's confirming a lot of things that I always suspected
Second, oh, I did not get to see that chief on your left side apparently I
Missed absolutely nothing. I'm embarrassed that I was even involved in it
Okay, and I will see them all okay
Don't forget no one to two will be at borders in candle tomorrow with our best and eels stuff for center one
and
We'll have you know our DNA DNA
bumper stickers and
Buttons and whatever else we have to give away because we have to generate all our own giveaways because this radio station
Do we have any giveaways? No, if any bumper stickers? No, any buttons no promotional materials no
promotional budget any promotional anything here at wqa amp. No, so we'll have our own stuff that we'll give out
One open line of day one and brown or five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile in north Miami. Hello
Mobile in North Miami
Okay, long gone. They've been on all of two minutes and 48 seconds. Well, excuse me
Here's a mobile in the Miami. Hello
Mobile in Miami. Dale. Yes, sir. How you doing buddy? Okay. First time calling. How you doing great? I just got back from my honeymoon and London embarrassed
Yeah, great time and uh and London man, but Paris is really crappy man the people over there. Got really bad attitude
Well, that's goes your French
I guess so uh listen
Any new events coming up that maybe we can attend that I can see you uh maybe invite you to the cars with me
Any new events? Yeah, like borders tomorrow and Kendall. All right sounds great. No, no, I'll see you there
Maybe probably not we have an open line in brown or two a day. Well, not a good time. We're about to kind of tailing off the nothingness now
That was a good time for me to get into this thing about children in the US justice system
Thousands of this is from the internet thousands of children in the USA accused are convicted of criminal offenses
are subjected to human rights abuse
saw
you know
That they decided they were going to go out and shoot some of kids and teachers etc
I would say in their case they make an exception
We have an open line and brown it to a deadline 1225 at q.a.m.
Show me yours. I'll show you mine
It's like
So it looks like when those aliens guys have it's just so round
I think it's up and I like to be I got a big head and a wear a shirt
I got a more hot and a ring through my nose
And the hips back and fall on my toes is on the hip
Legit
Hot to live
Get
Get
Get
Get
Hot
Get
Hot
Leg
Get
Get
What I am gonna go I give her my bigot machine that was called
Get
Hot
Legit
Get
Get
Get
Get
Get
Pro 30 of 560 WQM
So all your parents out there that's something we think about over the weekend after the 48 hours show last night
Which most of you didn't see unfortunately
So how about if your 15-year-old girl has sex with a 15-year-old boy?
Is that any better or worse than she had sex with a 17-year-old boy?
Uh-huh
Something you're gonna have to be thinking about very soon George in not too many years
She uh
She knows all about the potential thing to probably worry about
Okay
We have an open-line at day 5-6
Here's a mobile in Hollywood. Hello
What male yes, sir. Hi. How you doing? Okay?
I don't want to get to started and get you up that far
I just know why you wouldn't say that. Oh, I love you
I
I said the first time I really understood what you were talking about
I haven't seen the show through off it on whammy
And I watched it. I was put it on last night. I just started in the dial. Yeah, and
Your modulation got to be like 40
That's the fold right? It's a little commercial. It's like 70. Oh more than that
Well, why can't they just why should they stick this? They can't do it. They don't want to do it
They can't do it. It's been that way for months. Oh my god. How I didn't realize how frustrating if I read I mean
It makes you crazy, but I gotta be the only reason I haven't demanded that they pull the show is because that would let them out of the deal
And then they would have to continue paying me until the end of next May which I will take the money, okay?
I mean, you know, they made a contractual deal and I have a an attorney who's a real weak sister and who just can't you know
Or can't or won't force them into putting a professional product on here without just saying oh well
Okay, we'll pull it off here and then we just won't pay anymore
That's not the way a real agent would work, but unfortunately I gave you a
Whatever he's doing and we just can't get them to put a professional product on the other
And everywhere I go I have people tell me that they're watching it and I have no idea how they watch it because you can't hear the sound
When you do crank it up the hum the hum job on here is so loud that it's it's a joke and then as soon as the
As soon as they cut away from you fool, you know the house. They're all right
They can get the level on everything else the audio is fine, but for some strange reason they just can't get it right
Well, it's the coincidence. Well, I have a relative of a show business
How far if we could play in the bathroom?
Agents as well
You know, I have to say I'm not part of your business all
Yeah, well say I have a lawyer who's a good lawyer, but unfortunately he's somehow the leader of myself in the believing that he's a talent a broadcast talent agent
Which he's not you know, he would like to be a baseball agent a talent agent and a lot of other things
Instead of just sticking with practice of law, which he does very well
And I have that with an accountant right away. I'm representing this player and that's like right there. There you go
It's a told-to me this I want you to be reading with you know, it's easy to be able with it right
Go into the bar for exactly anyway. I love you. Have a great weekend back to you. I'm about
An open line in games of Rod Cameron
All the other people that have worked on the show and that we had for months and months and months they
They either refuse are they incapable of and they just can't put
On the rough product that people can watch in here at the same time
And like I said perfect for this town and I'm still waiting by the way other than the guy who's not like the chamber
Thomas guy whatever I have ever said about this town
Whatever criticism I've had I'm waiting. I'll sit here and listen county where I'm long
Like that guy that's talking to me a china about now and a half ago about how I'm too critical and
Make it all this money here and he didn't like the fact that I set on the channel for an interview last night
And then he put words in my mouth. I never said I hated it like poison and I never said I would never come back
I never said either one of those things
So obviously he's got some
Astagron
But if you don't just sit back and tell everybody how wonderful things are I mean that things could be great here. It could be paradise
We're gonna have casinos here. We could send a lot of the old people back where they came from
We could take the banana boat people and send the south to coda somewhere and uh, you know make this a living and breathe in place
But the fact is it's not
And those people who give me a song and a dance about the weather see they can't have them to figure out how to screw the weather up yet
They haven't figured out a way to do that yet
But I'm gonna ask you this
There are millions of people living in Philadelphia, New York, Chicago, etc
Places where the weather much of the year is abominable
Forming in people in Toronto preaching their ass off right now as I speak
Now if we had the weather of say watch us through New York here in South Florida
How many people do you think would be living down here now?
That's right the big old
You have a big swamp land the everglades would kind of like you's off to the ocean and they would all like know together
And you have like a handful of banana boat people that would be it and they could take over the whole god damn place
Seriously stop and ask yourself that question if the weather in South Florida was like the weather in Chicago
Like the weather in Buffalo how many people would be living here
And
The weather is a constant the weather is not something that the residents the politicians the newspapers the media people when you have no control for that it just is
So it's really not a factor in the discussion about things like that
Here's Davey hello
Yes, sir. Are you today? Okay. I don't usually watch channel 10 news out 11 but I did last night because I heard that
They're gonna do a segment on you and
No, I thought that they'd make you wait till you know probably like 1129 or so until your story came on but you know the only way like 10 minutes or so
But I definitely came away from it making that John was your your close partner and
Well, that's what they said. I mean which is not true and like I said need to one of us care
But what's the point of suggesting that or making that remark when it when I've already told them that's not true
Well, I mean you have to ask the white water deal about that one again, but you know the
I was expecting to see like a real nice house and stuff and I didn't see anything
I mean
They they came in and they photographed every woman in my house the den the sports den that I got with all the sports memoravia my the bedrooms the
Living room in a part of the house and they showed that one picture from an impossible angler that far
Mitchell pictured and my mother stuck over my bed and
You're kind of a cute little kid back way back when yeah, I mean I saw a thing with you
V there's a big screen TV right and
And hearing the limit log in my arm and the big dog went in the run on the floor for like a
I don't know like like a basement from from up in New York or something like a dark room
Like this guy need the interior decorator and other
I happen to have a pretty damn nice house. We should we should have got to see that. I wish we did yeah
And well they could learn a lot from John Dees bag on channel four they did great piece so last year but now tell them what do you expect?
Would you expect that to happen? That's why I don't watch it crap. I mean actually they they had really bad angles on y'all
So I thought you know when they did close up, you know unfortunately
They didn't have like a makeup person or anything
I don't do makeup. I don't want any makeup. I don't worry about that. I mean what you see is what you get
I don't care about like a little bit. I mean I love you
Yeah a little bit like lightly complexed white water bill a little bit
Oh I was because I was on shape now I was glad to see that I had tried
I've got to shave again before they took off they take that about seven o'clock at night one night
I could have shaved again and I you know
We're on a scruffy side. I'll tell you what today is gonna be a spend day four years from now if you do take off
Yeah, it'll be a sad day down here. Oh hey listen
I can tell by this response on the phone here if you see these people will never be able to survive without them
Everybody is an island to themselves down here nobody wants to say hello
Or you know you walk down the street you say hello to somebody and they would be like you want to kill them
Oh nobody gets a whole lot of money called the 911 right just wherever life is beautiful. Okay pal
We have an open line and powered timeline like he said these other friendly is God damn people on the face of the earth here
That's right the most polite driver here. I nearly got squeezed this morning boy I'm 595
It was geek morning coming to work this morning all these people getting off at the university
Where they were getting and they got their left blinkers on and there wasn't a lot of traffic
But they were just having this problem
They just couldn't quite get over and those of us who were in that right hand lane were trying desperately left them in and they still wouldn't get over
So now I have to find my squeeze over like to the edge of the white line there
And then I look in here's this asshole and some kind of a truck who's over in my lane and I got in there hit the son of a bitch
Because he decided he was going to drive in two lanes at the same time and they get it to the right of me
He'd like he's half in he's half out he's terrified see the worst drivers in the world are
Besides drunk drivers the worst drivers are scared drivers
So you take a lot of the old people we have here and a lot of the women who are out there pretending to be drivers who are
Terrified they're squeezing the wheel like they're going to try to get blood out of it
You show me a scared driver and I'll show somebody that I'll share somebody you need to be on the bus
21 to 1 and 560
Coming next year the chain of thought for the two in your hometown
dochinah benefit the commercial rescue school
Waiway boys
My
I'm getting down on my knees
We're moving to them
Cause they're baby things follow me
They're baby showing me
That's right
From the time of June to the Jackson 5
To the classic solo work
Michael Jackson's bit of hip through her aims
So please
Some people are so much of a fucking body
And now some call me dead
Better so much better files
And I know what you're fine
I just miss for a while
And be defeated, be defeated
Better keep on calling
I ain't even being a TVC
Michael Jackson's
I'm coming through to pick it
I just sit around
So can't wait and we'll call
From a calling call get
When I'm home and home
And make it by the phone
I'm beat agitated
And be one of the five welcome boys
To receive that stage-match
And say hang out
And Michael Jackson
Will be writing Michael Jackson's bit of business
Hey, yeah, for Michael
Yes, I'll be
Is that your real skin challenger?
If you fight with count
But I know a game that we can't play
Find out
For everyone to decide
You know that time and tree will be same
Say, say
What you want is for you
No, do you write?
Give a bet you're the baby
Don't know
How do we put this song boy?
Give me a bet you're the baby
The rousing finale
Yes, Michael sings the song he wrote for the show
And of the world
Look at the end of voice choir
That can you never
I don't like you
I like me to be with you
We all know
You're me all in it
I hope they win
I hope they win
I just don't like you
I hope they win
I hope they win
I hope they win
Here are other great Michael Jackson graphics
Why build his genes?
We know how to tell time
And of course, smooth criminal
Drop with Michael Jackson to her
To benefit the Carmel Pansley School
For Wayward Boys
Get your tickets now
Boys and Incinuson is free
When a copy by Noah
They're right
They're really tight
They're right
They're right
They're really tight
1247 and 560
WQM, the deadline, dead they are dormant
What are we going to Kendall for tomorrow?
You know, when you come right down to it?
Why are we going to Kendall?
That's going to be a real eye opener for me
One way or the other
Because Avon Tura is just barely in Dave County
Just south of the border
And that was pretty touching daughter
That's an injurious thing we did
Pretty weak
George is nodding his head
But that's just the old Jews and Avon Tura
I'm telling you mister
They have to date
You sit there and watch this thing
Now when you were doing the show
Did you have a million calls from Dave County?
And
Well seriously
Not a million
Remember all the lines are forwarded to the Broward line
Why?
Because
I'm going to tell you something
The day that we get out of this studio
You know, yesterday Greg Reed
Talking about this great Samaritan
Who brought us some money
That we're long overdue here today
Whether we knew about it or not in my case
But he says to George yesterday
Oh and he'll get off the
Or have him go upstairs
And take a look at the progress on the studio
So a clock comes
We go upstairs look at the studio
And it's the same crap that it was
Four or five weeks ago when I looked at it up there
It's the same empty walls
With maybe a little bit of electronics work
Starting somewhere in the floor somewhere
And that's it
Was there anything new?
No
Give any furniture?
No
Give any console?
No
Give any boards?
Give any radio equipment?
No
Give anything that I didn't see four or five weeks before?
No
And we're sitting in here with the most nicky mouse
Primitive pile of turd that I have ever seen in the history of my frickin' light
Oh go make magic for us
Go make magic
Yeah
Go make
Okay
That's what's good at
560505605
And how about that 800 line tube rig
For our friends over there in the west coast
What about that?
Oh yeah
Is that cost money?
Oh sorry
Here's a mobile in Miami Beach
Hello
Hi Neil, how you doing?
Okay sir
Neil, couple of days first of all I moved here three years ago
And
It wasn't for the fact that I travel a lot
I don't know, it's my mind
And a couple of places in Italy
Maybe you haven't visited which are great places
Have you visited the A.G. out of Coast?
No
Rimini
Which is in the North A.G. out of Coast, South of Venice
Very nice
And also black
And the South A.G. out of sight
Very nice
I really
I really have these short vacations for a few days
You know people think I've got all this vacation time
But it takes a day to travel over and then a day back
So you've got you know, maybe seven days
How many places can you really go see?
Out of the problem
Yeah, absolutely
But I mean in the future you'll travel more, right?
There you go
I was in borders and candle yesterday
Yes sir
They are advertising your appearance
I did see prominently displayed posters and flyers advertising that you're coming there
And I live in candle so I'll be there
And I'll be buying some CDs and getting a autograph
Well it's going to be a real revelation to me if we have a turnout tomorrow
Because the amount of response we get on the phone here day after day of this
From Kent from a date county
Not existed, it's like we're speaking a foreign language or maybe they are
Wow, we'll see but I'll be there and I'll see you tomorrow
Okay
Thank you
Come on, it's too a dick
Here we are, luckily, keep Paul by the way I mentioned
A Yomokha, a skull cap
A token of ancient bubble micee
But anyway, the Jeff Collins in it with all the good food
With his newly dyed orange hair
What are we looking at?
Did you notice that?
What is that all about?
Jesus, every time I see this guy he gets freaky here and freaky here and freaky here
And what am I supposed to do with this?
Jesus, see this is the family, the food is always there, you overdo it
You overdo it, you overfeed
You're like a Jewish food pusher is what you are
Yeah, thank you so much
That's right, take good care of him, keep your eye on him, air be minute 24 hours a day
Okay, he's definitely going to be working on a lake of fire
I'm Geneva Lake, thank you very much
It was useful
No, no, get out of here already
Stop the incident to guide the Jewish food pusher, would you please?
Hi
Here's a mobile informant today, hello?
Hello?
Yes sir
How are you doing?
Great
It's double thing, you asked me a while ago why I'm going to go down to Canada, I was going to go to Canada, I'm going to go see you at Board of Law
Oh, very, that was very up to my block by a staff agency
Yeah, we're doing real good on that store by the way, for some reason
Are you going to go to Canada?
When you are going to have a good store now
Maybe some people in the day's County have nothing to say, maybe that's it
The fish on a stick, you know, I've never seen that anywhere, where have they sold that?
In the mobile stations, any in County see a mobile gas station to the railway
All over the place
Stay all the way
Stay on him
All right, and thank you my wife and I are now about $1,000, $1,000 because of the fish food
Yeah
Well, we'll do the acting together someday
All right, see you tomorrow, pal
Bill, can I make a kid with you, please?
Yeah
I thought you'd never play the yellow gun song
Okay, all right
You got it
You have an open line of Howard to and Dave County, five lines
Here's Hollywood, hello
Neil, how the hell are you?
Okay
Or I've touched all the profits of the day here for you
Yeah, we've had so much response on them too, it's tremendous
Well, first of all, the thing last about 48 hours because I was watching that
And I watched a little bit of the Panthers for a while, there was down, you know, four noughts
I kept going back and forth, but I agree with you, everybody that's first of all when you're in high school
The 17 year old girl is going to be bothered with you when you're 17
So they're screwing this 21 year old people
Right
So, you know, you're left with wherever's going to give it up
And unfortunately it's a 14 or 15 year old girl
And that's the way it's been and that's the way it's always been
Because they want to date the seniors
Yeah, but that seemed to be the message in the story last night is that they were smitten with the seniors
And that made them feel better about themselves if they were able to latch onto the seniors
They were infected, they're trusted by the upper class then if you want to call it that
And you know, if they're the jocolors, if this guy was apparently the head of the MOC, they'd been on campus
Right
And, you know, it was just another feather that's kept
And I just don't understand this deal about they kept coming back for more
I mean, how can we find rates?
Exactly
You know, you're rates, you're out there, I'm going to look
You're in the run out crying, you know, something's wrong, you've got to go to the police
You've got to run back and spread your legs again
Right, I mean, you and you, you two have been very much like a lot of women are
They're very angry, they're angry, they're angry
They don't go to their parents, they don't go to the police
But they sure as hell don't come back for more
Wait, what about when I was in high school, you know, I mean, you're dating a 10th graders
Because you know what, they were like, oh well, I'm going out with a senior
I mean, it was that was the way it is and I'm sure it is that way now
I mean, I'm falling in love from high school but I'm sure that type of mentality hasn't changed
Absolutely
Because the good looking seniors didn't want nothing to do with, they didn't want nothing to do to you
They thought they were above you
As far as the answers go, that was a pretty good game, I was a little sleeper
You know, I was ready to turn it off and go back and forth to the stupid hearing
But that has got to be the most monotonous thing watching this scene
Looking at the camera
And then they said nothing
They just kept going on and on and on
And nobody ever said a god damn thing and kept drinking that stupid water out of that plastic cup
From New York, now I was listening to yesterday, I was on a road and I saw that man
I'm going to tell you what happened
I'm going to push that guy
A lot of clips of the pizza loss would put that Jerome Nailer guy right over the end
He would explode into a billion people
That was unbelievable and as far as the area goes, you know, so Channel 10, that's that watch your pizza
It's like everything, they'd be put up and they don't do anything
And when they always do these shows on you, they don't really tell you what's in the real life
They're like, oh, you have a big build up and the big tongue up which were fine
And then they show up, pizza, there's absolutely nothing and it's got so much misinformation
And I have an ability to say absolutely nothing on there
And they show my little stupid black dog and then that's it
Yeah, as far as, you know, we already knew that
Yeah
I mean, tell us something, you know, what a great guy you are, you know, that's what I would want to see
Or maybe even tell the public what radio station I'm on and what time that would have been nice
Well, Neil, this is broadcasting, they don't do stuff that makes sense
Okay, pal
We have an open line and an empowered two in line as we continue
Trashing our way through fighting the good fight, eating the good food
I got meatballs, I got a Italian sausage, I got onions, a little bit of sauce here from the pizza law
In Davie, a 35, 14 type of university drive right behind here what imports
And that applies to the used to be called the don't say it because they get upset
Why do they get upset when you say that?
Do the people from the shopping center get upset about that?
Good Jeff is saying yes
Oh, he's coming in here, that was a bad move, what?
Yeah
Well, what, you think it used to be called Lomond's Plaza, but that's just your imagination, okay?
It is?
It is pizza law Plaza, you just make that up
Oh, it's the pizza law Plaza, Davie there
Right south of 595 between Gryppin and 595
Right the out here what, don't you think here what imports is a landmark?
I mean even the even our audience can find that, okay get out of here please, get my nerve
Especially with that orange here
And maybe he's trying to be another bookshambie
Look at that, this man has got like a combination of yellow and orange here
He's like a cross between Gelly and between a booster and what's his name up there?
So I'm power 96, what's his name?
For the yellow here
1256 and...
Carlos
Like to speak about that, the Carlos since yellow here, he's a good guy
And called me Mr. Roger this and that's what I thought, what the hell do I have to do to him?
Hey Niggie, QA&N
What is it for a word back on the air?
Oh, Jeff, according to the F word 2 by the way, okay we're back on the air
The Neil Rogers Ship Lauderdale
Oh for Roger 2 hours
Jeff, according to the F word by the way, you need to make it out of here
We hope, get up to 90 share reason
We wonder what I'm hoping about, and ever watch his hair or seem to have a cat, co-bein
His name was Kurt, now he's pushing up there, co-bein
Wife and grew from his chin, doing heroin, co-bein
New bottle was hot, and now it's Kurt, they ain't got co-bein
We got hot, it's good vibe, and he died, co-bein
Yeah, made a million and our never took a shower, co-bein
And he's a number one hit in heaven, big mustard, co-bein
He'll need Elvis the King, and say, grunt with my fame, co-bein
So with your bill without don't take Kurt's weight out, co-bein
He got hot, it's good vibe, and he died, co-bein
4045-50 WQM, it's a big one to our apologize for the dead air at the top of the Arba Jeff cone
Was integral, ta-ta ta-ta ta-ta ta-ta ta-ta
I'm telling you all kinds of perverted disgusting and true stories
Which quite frankly, in the middle of my lunch hour, I don't want to hear these stories
Don't you understand I'm not interested in hearing about all you are just, you're perverted
Your anal or love beads, you're, I don't want to hear about it
Or his crisp without gold sting
We have an open line and Dave Watt had growered 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, and count 5, 60 on the 18th P wireless line
You're going on a diet, go over to pizza lot, just got this special deal
For five bucks, no food, you'll just sit you down at the table and tell you about his whole, all his social else to pay
You won't eat for a week
Here's Miami, hello
Hey, me, oh, yes sir, how you doing?
Okay, I'll be in the next week
Yeah, I'll come and look you up
Yeah
We're saying, MGM, I'll be at the next caliber
Great, right across the street
Yes, and I don't think that story was too bad with Diane Magg
I thought it was horrendous
Well, there wasn't anything to worry
No, it was, it was nothing, it was inaccurate, it was, it was bullcrap
Yeah, but it just gave your, just your style of speech
That's all we wanted
Did you want?
Your style, you know, nice, lay back
Yeah
Passed out?
Passed out?
Passed out, okay
Okay, I'll see you in Vegas
Okay, bye, see you at the 7-11 there on the strip
We have an open line in the day, 5-6-7 and 1 in Broward, 5-6-7-0, 5-60, 0.5-60 on the ATP, whatever fun
Obviously nobody saw the 48 hours piece last night, which is too bad
Because your kids out there, they're a screw in their brains out, I hate to break the news to you
Or you already know
So I guess these people just don't care about that
And they also don't have, well, you know, you got a bunch of protective parents
Who were all screwing around when they were in high school
But now it's different when it's their kids, it's a whole different story
When it's their kids, it's a whole different story, baby
And the time that you're spending right now listening to this show, you could be better used to taking a stand
To talk to your kids about the evils of marijuana
Thanks Jeff, see you again someday, not too soon
Jeff rings his rabbi in here who is now a blue to him at the hip and goes around with him everywhere
Is orthodox rabbi?
And is watching over him like a hawk
Here's a mobile in Oakland Park
Why do you continue to hate Neil?
To hate Neil?
I guess
Two questions
The success is not a sports show
Why do you want me to get the final answer?
The question is, why do you continue to listen?
I haven't talked to him
I haven't talked to him
So many minutes of hockey on this show today, okay sir?
And if that's the best material, if that's the best shot that you can come up with, try one of these
Okay, right in your temple
In fact, your rabbi just came back, he said, slow even do it in his temple
And he'll say a brookal for you as you're going down
That's the best they can do, all these creative guys with their great shots, okay?
In the meantime, pal, you're still listening
And God already knows how long I'm waiting on the phone to come up with his four seconds of fame
Two open lines in Brownie, hello?
What's up Neil?
Are you doing sir?
All right
I don't stand there moving for the other day
And he comes from big times
And then he goes to a Lawrence Tater camp
And after he gets pointed across, Lawrence Tater says something like, yeah, I know smoke getting cracked
He does
Do you understand what I'm saying?
Yeah
He's in special stuff, so I'm going to prove in Khan's book
Right
Whatever you say pal, whatever he said
Open line and date two and brown, it's five six
Another Spanish baby talk guy
Here's a mobile and cutler rage, shall I?
Mobile and cutler rage
Hey Neil
Yes sir
I'm looking forward to seeing you tomorrow at borders
I want to be a few in the day, I suppose, who wasn't to you, but I really think there are more of us
You just, I guess we are
Janet Codget and Dave Coddier, maybe if this phone says something, I don't know what you're saying
And I think you are right in revising your moan from 90s and 90s for seven
Maybe 99 percent
Mm-hmm
You're going to be a part of it all
I get to see the thing at downtown and I don't know, maybe it was an accurate from what you saw
But you know, I'll be 20s
First of all, let me say again, John lives in my house, he's lived with me for five years
My lover, my boyfriend, my, what, what, what, what, whatever the hell he was trying to make out of was
Number two, there was no mention of this radio station or what time I'm on or where I'm on or what can I do?
And other than that, they showed the cap of the joy set, I would respond
But other than that, it was, there was nothing, it was nothing there
Well, you're right, that would be right
I mean, if they want to show that nicer side of me, it was never any mention of the money I've raised for Camelos House
The campaign would do an hour percent or one
I mean, it was, all they did was just milk, like television does, but they milked with the promos all week long to get people to tune in
And then they gave you a little stock fee, and then they went on with their usual bull crap, and that was it
And did nothing for me
Well, it definitely gave you the impression of what you said
So, yeah, you have to work very an actor
Okay, anyway, I look forward to seeing you tomorrow
See ya
Thank you
Don't forget noon to two borders in Camel Marshal
Two open lines and brothers
I mean, next thing you know, they'll dig up and bishops' body and they'll have her on there with Sandy Peyton or something like that
That'll be next on Channel 10
And her full-time companion, Sandy, or whatever the hell they're gonna do
Hey, where'd you go when you're feeling lucky?
Bird, right where'd you go?
Fort three, you'll 560, Q-A-L
Me, oh god
Here's a fact from one of our chronic early factions
Alan says Diane Magnum is great sitting behind the desk and reading a teleprompter, but when she goes out to do some reporting
Watch out
So, as a couple of months ago, she did a whatever happened to report about Kimberly Bergallas
The girl who got AIDS from most steward Dennis and her parents
After she went to her footage of Kimberly, testified before Congress and an interview with her parents, a tearful Diane reported
That Kimberly's parents would never give up until law was passed to require health professionals to be screened for HIV
So, this never happened again
What Diane left out was that since the Bergallas case seven years ago, there was not a single documented case of a health provider infecting a patient
This fact of course, lines credence to the theory that the Dennis in question purposely for whatever reason, infected is unfortunate patients
In other words, costly and intrusive screening would have no purpose and email sent to Diane, we see no response
And as far as I know, no clarification on the point as ever aired
Oh!
Says attorney Alan, one of our listeners
Well, what can I say Alan? She may not be good, but she's consistent
That's f**king bitch
And maybe it is only a nip-picking point about the fact that if you're going to do a story, get it right
But like I said, who needs it?
See, that's one thing you have to ask in life when you get involved in these kinds of things
Are they using you or you using them?
Usually it's a combination of both, they're using you and you're using them for a little free publicity
But in this case, we got one
Here's Miami, hello
Hey, how are you doing?
Great
Hey, I got the best guy in the race man, it's called Larry King Diet
Yeah, I got a picture of him in my experience
And I got a picture of him in my wallet every time I got hungry, I joke out of him and I sit
So funny
Well, you some kind of text machine here
Oh, you're on time every time I see him
Anyway, me
How come you never talked about what's the name of your friend?
John?
John, what are you talking about?
I mean, I've seen him with you in hot games
Well, when you have never talked about him, I'm not seen him by name, what would you like he sees?
Well, I mean, I mean, is he normal or, you know, is he normal?
Yeah, is he gay or is he...
Why, you're writing a book, do you want a date?
No, but you never talked about him
Well, do I talk about my... what do I talk about my brother?
Do I talk about my aunt?
Do I talk about the... huh?
Talk about your mother?
Very rarely
Only about once your mom is on Tuesday
Oh, they'll see it tomorrow, man
No, I hope not
God, talk about getting a life, open life is he normal
That was the best question beer, is he normal?
No, in my normal
No, that color normal
No, in my dog's normal
No, is there anybody out there normal?
No, in normal, can't normal
No, not only would he have had organization
Is he normal?
Oh, sir, you are the epitome of what's wrong with the little Havana
Here's Miami, hello
Hello, sir
How you doing?
Okay
A big hand, I haven't been listening for a long time, but I really take the show
I think you're right on target
When it comes to everything you talk about, all the bitch you can money, you do what Miami
I think you're right on point
I have a bone to take with you about
And something you said on that, that when you show you had a...
It was a while back
You put him up pole fiction and you said that it was a piece of crap
It is
Why?
Because that's my opinion, I mean you say why it's a garbage movie, it's idiotic
You don't think it's spontaneous and fresh?
No, it's not a leaflet fresh
In the dialogue at the beginning with John Pervolt and the car
Talking about putting mayonnaise on the french fries and Amsterdam
I mean that's to me, when you get to that scene you can just shut her off and say the rest of it is going to be even worse
Which it is
Just a bunch of gratuitous violence
It's like taking the Joe Pesci scene in the bar in Goodfellows where he shoots the kid
And Joe making a whole movie out of it
Just to keep it over and over again
Correct
It's garbage
I think the district agree, I think it's...
You know, if you like it, if you want to cool and hip and trendy
That's the kind of movie you say you like, it's pop fiction and blue velvet and stuff like that
Oh, nah, I wouldn't say so
I mean, whatever, I mean whatever, great show, keep a good word
Okay, see it, and like I said, it's still in my throat
Oh, it's freaking
That scene in the car repeated at least 6422 times
About, hey, you know what they put under fire, you know, Amsterdam?
Millionaires, wow!
As if I didn't already know that, of course, you know, which makes it a little bit more ponderous and boring
And by the way, if you go to Amsterdam and the one thing that you noticed and really you bring back home with it
Is the fact that they put mayonnaise on their fries?
Get the f*** out of here, yeah, right
What a piece of crap movie that is, it is a gigantic crap on wheels
But hey, if you like it, you like it, I mean, you know, there are guys who like vanilla ice cream too, what can I tell you?
I like that in juries, I like, it's got one little paste to it
You know, everybody got their own food
Even the stuff on this space, like that is bad, you like it
Here's plantation, hello
Hey, how you doing?
Great, first of all, did you see the whole movie?
All fiction?
No, of course not
It's not the only thing you said about it, you said it once about the mayonnaise
They also went into the beer in the McDonald's, they also went into the hash bars and everything else
I watched it on a plane coming back a couple of years ago, coming back from one of my 80 million European trips
Right
And it was one of those planes where they give you the little your own personal VCR and you pick out the movie
And I thought, okay, well, I've heard so much about this and I'm a captive audience for the next 500 hours
I'll watch it out, you know, I'll make it honest and attempt to watch it
And I watched about 45 minutes of it and I popped that baby out of there and I said, give me another movie and get this out of it
Well, if you ever get the urge and you really want to get that, I think you'll enjoy the movie
Play the attention
What else was I looking at? I'm on the plane, am I sniffing parts from the seat in front of me?
I'm watching the movie, what else am I going to be doing?
Yeah, you're doing what you criticize everybody else for doing is taking a half-ass piece or something and going from there
45 minutes is a half-ass piece?
Well, if you watched it for 45 minutes, like you said, you would have realized that he spoke about mayonnaise once
And there was a lot more involved than Amsterdam, so not, you know, of course
Let me say it to you again, I didn't like the movie
I'm not going to watch it again, is that okay?
That works for maybe a half a week, that's okay, back to you
See, this idea, it's like, I love fish glue
Maybe you like vanilla ice cream, maybe you like butter crunch, maybe you like butter for can
Maybe you like plain, meapolitan ice cream, chocolate strawberry and vanilla
And more power to you! That doesn't make you a bad person because you don't have the same opinion
It's like these sports nerds on this station
Oh, the gator is you're an asshole because you like to get, or whatever!
What the hell difference does it make?
Jesus Christ, all the other important things throughout the argument kill each other about like religion and stuff like that
And these people got to have a verbal brawl because you don't like the same stupid movie or the same kind of ice cream or the same sports team
Like these assholes that get drunk and get into fights at ball games because, wow, that's the macho thing to do
You're a jet fan, you're a, well, whatever the hell you are
So, they come as a shock to you, there might actually be some nice jet fans, I mean, I doubt it, but they're my
Here's a mobile and open park, come on
Are you denying the fact that you two don't share a bed with me?
Oh God, blow it out your ass, am I denying the fact?
Why don't you come over to the house, Paglia, and investigate John's bedroom, my bedroom, okay?
Now that's just a rule, that's just a cover-up, the fact that we have two separate, am I denying the fact like we got an inquisition going on here, sir?
Since they took this guy, since they took his website away, and his chat room, this guy's got nothing going in his life
I don't think you're sharing a bedroom with yourself, that's the problem
Here's a mobile and four-letter, huh?
Good afternoon. Yes, sir? Are you today? Great
I've been listening to you, I've found you, when you were still on, had nights and years ago, and I've followed you ever since, and anytime I get in the car that you're on, you're on with me
Great
I think that you underestimate your audience, I've never called you before, but listening to you for many, many years, I think you have many, many, many people with me
It just never gets to a phone, and just never won, and maybe picked up, maybe they're in semi-data
Well, that's the overwhelming majority of people don't ever call it hostile, not just this one, they're in calling it hostile
I'm just saying that the overwhelming majority of your listeners don't call you, but if you, I mean, you're well aware of what you created several years ago, that's in the situation
Yeah, and with the fishboot, I mean, I went to the Volkaburgers
I went down to the Volkaburgers Hill when I didn't believe that many people showed up
We had 72 million people lined up
I mean, what you've done for the fish, I personally don't have enough to like the fish, but the bide points
What you've done for putting behind and the hockey season, I mean, my God, is the panther should bow down
That's right, they should kiss my behind
What you've done for raising money, this is an unsafe commercial, what you've done for raising money for you
What you've done for raising money to even so entry out there in California, and off for the hockey
Right
I mean, if people don't really remember, I see my own mind
Right
Unfortunately, I have to put this into health and there's unfortunately, the people at night, as you claim, was not, they didn't give enough information
And I think the reason for that is that you're only allowed to very, very shut through the time
I made just a couple of minutes
And they tried to squeeze in whatever they did, and that period of time
Well, let me ask you this, if that's the case, if it was a real tight-on time in this piece
How come they had time to show 15 seconds of me sitting at the track and showing the horses, as if the paper don't, you know, when I tell you I go to the track to pop it apart
Most people know what a horse looks like, okay, they know what a horse race looks like, they don't need to see 15 seconds of the two minutes
The back of my head watching a race at the race track, you know what I'm saying?
But, Neil, if you are conversing enough to know that when Cleveland gives a frankly port of the story
When you see the story, you have to use your...
Oh, yeah, I thought I'd do it for that, that's right
Sometimes you don't even recognize it
That's why usually I don't even talk to them in the...
So, it's very, very, I mean, when we port it's get a piece, and sometimes you don't recognize it, this is you
Yeah
But I do want to say this, as I said before
No, for the froky, the first time I've ever called you, I've never had the nerve to pick it up to do it before
I want to congratulate you on the job you're doing
Well, thank you
I'm always sorry that Phil left because the one soup punch that you guys had was...
Oh, he's not sorry, they don't know, Phil
Well, okay, thanks a lot Phil
Okay, but I go tell myself off
We have an open line in Howard, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5
Everyone given a traffic ticket were searched, but people wouldn't stand for it, they said
He just as William Renquist, that Nazi bastard, quoted, noted that police have authority to conduct a search to protect their own safety
Just as Antonin Scalia asked Chambers, whether an officer could stop someone to rest and search them, then drop the arrest
She said yes, Scalia said, wow
And on and on it went
Just as Anthony Kennedy noted the Supreme Court's 1973 decision, allows police to conduct a search
Search incident to arrest, you want to turn it around and have an arrest incident to search, he said, as in no way Jose
Like I said, get those great full dead bumper stickers off your car because the porkers will pull your ass over and carry your car apart
And make your life miserable to a strip search, stick their nose in your rectum and make your life worthless
Here's the mobile in the candle, hello
Hello
Yes sir
Yeah, Neil, just to listen to you just recently and to know your humor is quite refreshing
I have a couple questions for you, one, give her any noise from the radio station when you really go for it when you just let it all out
The only noise I get from them is
Yeah, I have no noise
The only thing is, I think you are talking about the cruising and stuff like that, I was curious, were you talking about like, those gambling cruisers, are you talking about cruising in general?
People go out for 70 cruisers
Both, have you ever been on the cruise before?
Yes, once
And where do you go with, I was just curious
What do you mean who would I go with?
Like, what cruise line did you go with?
Well, it was a long time ago, I would never go again, ever
Ah, you think that does, the industry hasn't changed at all, if it's you know
Well, I see these people disappearing in the middle of hurricanes as see these people getting seasick and having fires on the boat and nobody reporting it in time and then taking base to get their luggage
My idea of having a good vacation is that being a captive audience at sea
Because at least, you know, you get out of plane and you go somewhere and I have it a good time
So you hop out of plane and you go someplace else
But once you're out there in the middle of the ocean my friend or in the middle of the Caribbean, you're a captive audience
Unless you want to jump overboard
No, I hear it, I hear it, no I'm not my company, I hate it
For a listen, I just want to let you know you're doing a great job, thanks a lot and I'm talking later
Thanks
Open line of day county, so I don't like cruise ships, I don't like health fiction, got them out of my assent of a bitch, right?
I knew that
Tells wrong with you, mister
Plus not being normal, we know that
The point of that spict I called before, is that redundant normal spict or is that redundant or axi moron
Is he normal? Oh my god, I'm right that down, okay, right down the time the day, etch it on your ankle
Here's a call from Anglewood, hello
Hey Neil, how you doing?
Okay sir
Hello, broadcast over this from these coast though
I want to go over to the jet game in a couple of weeks oddly enough
Just said something about jet bath
Well what do you mean we're on to go over to the jet game, what does that mean?
There'll be, just to be playing Miami, yeah, about three weeks here at nighttime, Sunday night, that was eight o'clock
Yeah
And my brother's coming down from Florida
And I haven't been over to Miami yet, I must admit, it's probably 15 years
Where's a great place to stay number one, number two
A great place to stay in Miami? Yeah, for Friday, Saturday, Sunday, Saturday, Saturday
I know you've got overpassed, about 135
Okay
And good place to eat
Oh, if you're reading that
Camilla, Camilla sauce
Camilla sauce
And also, well in the new stadium what it would probably be considered a decent seat, I don't want to be stuck in an Enzo
Uh, nosebleeds
Uh, upper deck you think?
Yeah, upper deck is the best, like 403 is good
I think you could, 403
Have a good time pal
Thanks
Okay
But what's wrong with these?
Then a start out to Camilla sauce have a nice meal there, they'll camp out overnight under the I-95 overpass there
Maybe they can even get a sweet corn for a couple of days while they're there
Like I-95, what's it good, 113?
And I-95?
Oh yeah, they got guys with a signs here but they, they went by the half hour because it's like a heavy traffic intercession
And then he can go up and then hopefully they'll bring his own oxygen, have a hell of a good time
I thought it was a call from like Anglewood, New Jersey, some place like that or maybe Tenefly
That was like Anglewood Florida, oh God
And he's in broadcasting, is that what that guy said?
Here's a mobile in South Miami, hello
Hey Neil
Yes sir
That last guy was great, I thought I think when he calls up information he's gonna get, he's gonna ask for the high at overpass
Uh-huh
But I'll kneel for a meal
No, it sounds great for a pay by the way, 530 every afternoon, so you're at the Camilla sauce
Yeah, right
Neil, I totally agree with you about false fiction
So many people when that movie came out, I'm kind of a tribute to movies and everybody, I mean I'm a critic of movies
The guy I was the puke from
The movie was crap, and yeah, something else is kind of in a way related
What do you think of Robin Williams?
Funny guy doing a stand-up routine, the worst movies in the history of the human race
Other than good morning Vietnam, every movie that this may have made was a lot of bomba
I was a disaster
I'm not just talking about movies, I guess you hear him say anything funny
Everybody's just another thing, everybody tells me how he's a comic genius
No he's a funny guy, really
I'm sorry, I disagree
The only problem being though, is that you know how guys become parodies of themselves like Rich Little
Yeah
The impersonator Rich Little became a parody of himself
And Robin Williams has done the same thing, he's always on, he's always doing that same routine
My theory on Rich Little was that he really didn't even have a personality
Right, no person
Right
Alright Neil, but he was good in my bottom square though, okay, have a rate there
Yeah, they brought back Hollywood squares, anybody watching that?
No, no good, let's bring back the old people, okay, just pop them up in the seats
They're all dead, hauling in the center square, surely, okay, if we were there in the bottom left hand
George Goble, all the dead people were the great Hollywood squares, what's here?
Peter Marshall, he may not be dead, but he sure looked it toward the ender
Oh, well, the way his son's name was Pete LaCoff, did you know that?
He was a baseball player played for the Cubs very briefly, professional baseball player, Pete LaCoff was Peter Marshall's son
How do you like that?
Lost story
We have an open line of day, five skills line
In fact, speaking of that, Barney Franklin, maybe a little punchy toward the ender
But you know how he's got like a little, kind of a, almost a Brian Murray-esque speech problem
Probably from having too many strange things in his mouth
But at any rate, he was talking about how they were cutting down the time
And this was supposed to be super important, and he was trying to say, now all of a sudden, where everybody's watching the clock
But he must have said it about four times in a row, and he couldn't, please, he just didn't quite make it in there
He's telling me to say, clock, you know what I'm saying?
You know, he wanted to put it in there, so to speak
But the L just, and they all looked at him and said, maybe you're watching it, Barney Fag, whatever your name is
And as a result, Hank's gonna be late today, so we have the Kitty Corp. We've got Josh and Jason and Clarence and Jason and Josh and the Accord and Cory
Can I say Clarence?
Oh, and the Cory is, I get them all confused
To me, it's all like Josh, I'm bigger-ported, Clarence is Josh
Darren's dear, oh yeah
But to me, it's like all the same person, isn't it? Like only one people doing like four different voices?
Because we can't afford to have a lot of, have it as different people, right?
Here's a Pember Pine, hello
Me, oh yeah, I want to know if you call what happened to Jeff Bukable last night
Oh, you just showed on the ESPN and CNN, you got cold caught by Johnson from the Kings last night and was knocked out cold on the ice
Well, the biggest fighters in the NHL just completely knocked out
Good, and for what I understand, they're really gonna suspend Johnson
They're looking for the $7,000 game extension
And how many of them just give the $7,000 game to, was that, uh, Maslow and Zah from Tampa?
Yeah, they just got crossed
Good, because he's a real piece of crap
Why is it that Tampa, in spite of the fact that they have this horrible, rousing team?
Every year they have to have at least one or two of the dirtiest players in the league
Well, I mean, if you know, winning, you know what the hell is, you know
It might as well be the crap I was playing
It might be a jerk above the end
Good point
And one more thing I wanted to point out, unfortunately when I started my car this morning
I had this first game on
Yeah
And I heard, uh, Jeff the Forest referred to Bubby Brister Monday night looking like Joe Montana
Oh my God
I don't know that that's like Terry Merracing that Paul Laws last night played like Bobby Orr
I've never heard he got that thought that Bubby Brister is anything of what Joe Montana was
He's always under a lot of stress, you know, when you've got as many gambling differences he's got under a lot of stress
Well, maybe any cake and no money
Okay, see ya
Alright, ha ha ha ha
Not that we have any gambling degenerates on this station doing, we don't have any of those
Two open line, in fact, the D-4 was going to be an old track bomb
You can see that
He's getting real scurvy looking and didn't shave today and, uh, real fat
He's got a perfect figure of the mind
He's going to turn into another out-gold sting but he'll be one of those guys sitting down there by the rail of the track
Panhandler
Here's West Palm Beach, he'll go
Nail, yes sir
Happy hot, I guess, I'm back to you
You heard you mentioned Peter Marshall before
Here's a Peter Marshall update which you might know or you might study works for your old friend Buddy Bud
Really?
He's got a game show on the new Pax TV
The game is called Real to Real
And it's produced, you know, by Buddy Bud and it's, uh, it's, he's terrible
Oh my god
Yeah, absolutely terrible
It's like a rubber glove then
Absolutely
So that's your Peter Marshall update
Thanks for the good news
My pleasure
Whatever happened to old people at COC
We have three open lines in the Broward
5, 6 and a bad player just that they said
But I didn't like that you've got to be finding something else to do
Bad for the image of baseball
Here's Miami, hello
Hello?
Yes sir
Nadia, how you doing?
Okay
First time caller, long time listen
I want to ask you about Ben and Jerry
Because, um, I've been looking everywhere for this
Pacific Ben and Jerry that had once
It was a peanut butter and jelly
Do you know where they fill that?
Yeah, probably an Astorabee, a good place to find it
We have an open line in the day two of Broward
It's always the first time caller too
Always the first time in this hour, this quarter hour
Let's go to Miami Beach, hello?
Hello?
Yes sir
Um, I'm not out at the moment in baseball
I'm, um, from Haiti
Um, been here for five years
The AMA is your show
I guess I was Jewish but she doesn't like your show
Yeah, she's Jewish and she doesn't like the show
No, she doesn't
That's your problem
I don't know
What is she, some kind of a jazz?
I don't know
Well, I love that TV show
Is the show not on anymore
What do you mean it's on?
Who said it's not on anymore?
Oh, it is, it was on every night, 1030
Oh, 1030, okay
I'm probably the only Haitian down here in the days
But listen to you, but hey
Are you kidding me?
I'm number one in Haitian's mind
I am monster in Haitian community
What does that have for you, too?
Okay, thanks a lot
And slap that bitch around a little bit
Straighten her ass out
Jewish bitch
Hey, by the way, have we heard from one woman all day today?
No
I don't think so
What?
Hold this one on
There's a lady mobile in Miami Springs, hello?
Yeah
Hello, Nio
Yes ma'am
I am a freak, I'm a mixed friend
Right
And I love you
And I love you
And I have a little bit of a crush
And I want to know why you never write them like the Laura I have been
Why never, why?
Right, I'm her
On who?
Like the Laura
You know what she is?
Hello?
Dr. Laura
Dr. Laura
Yeah, I made it like some 940 wings
Yeah
Okay
You think I would waste my time with that bitch?
That's a fucking bitch
I wouldn't waste my time with her
With that man hitting bitch
Miss Goody-Goody-Touchy
Yeah, I miss her anyway
I am my mom
Yeah
I am my children's mom
I'm my mother's a mother, yeah
I know, what a...
I wouldn't waste my time with this
Why would anybody waste our time calling her show to be offended and you know
Tridit like the way she treats her
Right, well why would they waste their time doing that?
They could go on here and do it
Exactly
Okay, have a great day tonight
You too
I'll stick him you'll be there
Okay
We have two open lives today to engrower about Dr. Laura
That's fucking bitch
I understand the words she said between that bad cell phone
We got some bad cell phones out there boys and girls
We got to do something about that real soon or else
You want to get a great...
The box bar over there
Monday night showdown with the Patriots
Now it's not the kickoff starts at 4
Bill Zimper and Jim Mendts
It's called the action at 8.15
Monday
On sports radio
5.60
Q.A.N
Gordon did South Florida a major blowjob
Hi, I'm Dr. Laura's place in New
And I'm here to tell you a little bit about how to do she
Because it takes a real sour plus bitch like me
To tell you how to do it right
Besides, you don't have to do it anyway
The coverage is stupid
But what I do is I spread my legs like this
Kind of upside down
It's squished in
Honda Rosalemons
Nothing works better than Honda Rosalemons
It's giving a little squish
It's the Internet slot
155 and 5.60
WQAM
Oh, by the way, I forgot to even mention the thing about the Patriots
Moving to a Hartford Connecticut
How do you like that?
Building a 68,000 seats
I hope they draw 500 people again
Serve them right
Bob Kraft and all of his crap
Okay?
Hartford Connecticut
Hartford Connecticut is a sports town
Like the Taven New York is a major league sports town
They already tried their crap with the Whalers
And they managed to, you know, had a couple of years
They drew some people
And most of the last several years
And the purpose of the pudding
They moved temporarily to Greensboro North
Carolina where they draw like 70 people are giving food in the concessionaires
Hartford Connecticut
Nice going as we watch sports to disintegrate
How do you like all those yellow seats like I predicted at the Fleet Center last night, huh?
Yellow seats is, the sky's the same paper
At the Bruins game
Here's Palm Beach, hello
Hello?
Yes sir
Hey Neil, you're the best thing that happened to this town
There's wings popping to the blue eyes over
Yeah
Let's get in
And you know, we're talking about ants
And we don't want them
They just need to put the notches and they take over
So stay home with us
You know, just to see your TV nice left
Yeah, I can stay home here
Where the notches already have taken out
Yeah, sure, sure
But you know, it doesn't see you left
TV, you know, just to see your name
Missing along with the white lot of nails
I believe you're going straight up
Oh yeah
Hopefully not that old boat
How do you like that sound?
You do it
God, it's so cool, don't they?
Since he shows off that mustache
What happened to him?
He looks like something like he got hit by the ugly stick
Not that he was ever eat lovely God
But God, since he shaved off the mustache
He looks about 85 years old
And about 10 times ugly than he used to be
Which is, thank God, well, I looked so well
It's a pretty good way on that thing last night
And you're right about that, I am Magnus Herbide
I wasn't going to say that to myself at least, but you're right
It's a mess
Here's a mobile and open part, hello?
I know now
That's a dollar for a fan, they have a package
I have no idea
But that's an epidemic that is sweeping sports all over the place
You're in Tampa, they're doing like 5, 6,000 people a game
In the islanders, I do like 4, 5,000 people a game
There's thousands and thousands and thousands of NPCs every home game
It's, you know, the people just run a camp
They had mostly, like, the highest ticket price
I guess the burlons are the ones that are the ones that are the ones that are the ones that are the ones that are the ones that are the ones that are the ones that are the ones that are the ones that are the ones that are the ones that are the ones that are the ones that are the ones that are the ones that are the ones that are the ones that are the ones that are the ones that are the ones that are the ones that are the ones that are the ones that are the ones that are the ones that are the ones that are the ones that are the ones that are the ones that are the ones that are the ones that are the ones that are the ones that are the ones that are the ones that are the ones that are the ones that are the ones that are the ones that are the ones that are the ones that are the ones that are the ones that are the ones that are the ones that are the ones that are the ones that are the ones that are the ones that are the ones that are the ones that are the ones that are the ones
They think that Hartford is gonna support an cannibal foothold shower in one of their d masih food cakes or they think that Hartford is gonna support an action or footballers or they think that Hartford is gonna support an action or footballers
ITE One of you come to Premium Teaade, in 2009 National Food Court, tonight there are more people from Premium Teaade themselves
I guess he must have known it was Gildey's birthday and the guys who are putting up a couple of bucks having a big bags together
Hank is gonna be a little bit late. Okay, he's attending a funeral.
May have something to do with this radio station boy.
But nevertheless, what a banner day George got his bonus.
It's just one bonus, not just two bonuses, but three big fat,
a lot of past money taken out.
And I got a big fat bonus that might have been not a bonus, but a whatever was a raise.
Back pay.
Back pay from my race on October 1st.
With all those vacations you take, you still got to raise, isn't it?
Uh-huh.
Yeah, right.
And you and I, you're sleeping at that bed with those two dogs?
Uh-huh.
Oh my god, I'm telling you.
The grand inquisitors, they're at it again.
Don't think it will be a borders tomorrow.
Noon to two, borders in Kendall, send it right.
And Dixie highway, please be there or else.
