So, it's the QA cap.
Yes, buddy.
Come on!
A backwards roof.
Now, Jeb represents the Christian Reich,
but somehow got support from the Jewish journal Kikes.
Now, they're all in a mass grave, very, very deep,
and his wife wears a necklace of the fillings from their tea.
Jewish gold melted down, of course.
The Tallahassee Millionaires.
Starring Heinrich Himmler as Jeb Bush.
Ava Braun as Kolumba.
Ariana Huffington as Greedy.
And Dan Burton as General Bertels Air.
But Tallahassee Millionaires brought to you by Zagon Hague.
I can't wait for that Jewish journal article to come out.
I think it's next week it's coming out about Hitler was misunderstood as a youth.
26 before 11 at 5.60 WQM.
So anyway, yesterday I'd go home from this joint after a just unbelievably depressing day,
but then again, lately they all been like that, so what's a big deal?
And I called up and the record in the middle of the show again,
we had our sales manager, Skruan Winnick, who walks in here.
And she's got a letter from the FFA, which is the future fifth truth of America,
or whatever that stands for, the Florida Family Association,
which used to be the American Family Association.
But then they got to kind of cut off and they were like in bankruptcy.
And then they finally got their few dozen members back together again,
starting sending out their newsletters full of crap.
They're going to get Howard off the air, they're going to get Near Rogers off the air,
they're going to get everybody off the air, they got anybody off the air yet,
they're going to get all the sponsors to cancel.
So at any rate, over at the other station, since they were well used to dealing with this kind of stuff from the FFA,
and other people as well, there was really any state of panic.
There was some concern, they sent out letters, and then of course we had announcements,
which we used to run periodically, saying that all the material on broadcast on the radio station
was copyright, and any unauthorized reproduction et cetera,
and dissemination of tapes was strictly prohibited by law,
which stopped them from sending out these damn tapes,
which they butcher up and they chop together, and make it sound like this is a pornographic radio show,
which it is not.
These are those good Christians again over there in Tampa, David Katenen is crowd, the FFA,
who have decided who just taken it upon themselves to decide that they are the centers for the state of the census,
for the state of Florida, and maybe the entire country if they can get away with it.
They're going to decide what you can listen to, what can be on the air,
what can't be on the air et cetera, and so on, like that good Christian lady
that called a couple of weeks ago, that tells me I'm going to be off the air by the end of the year.
I guess what, honey?
Wrong.
So it integrates grand comes in here, and she says she's got a copy of a transcript
that they've sent out to some of our sponsors, which our sponsors all through the years on all the stations
have always supplied us with copies of these things and say,
we told them to go to hell or with you in the waste basket or whatever, and don't worry about it.
Because most of our sponsors are local and they understand this show,
and they know exactly what this FFA is all about, where they're coming from.
SCUAN win a color of her comes in here during a break in the middle of my very depressing show yesterday
after I've already had a tolerate Gary Sarner in his unacceptable behavior,
and she says to me,
oh, what are we going to do? The sponsors are canceling left and right.
That's a direct quote. We're getting cancellations left and right,
because the FFA, the future, I got it back,
where the future fist, screws of America, almost did that, screwed up.
Have been sending these letters out, you know, a lot of context,
and getting everybody nervous about advertising on your show,
which is a game that's been going on, let me say it again for years.
So needless to say, since it's only my livelihood that's at stake,
and I'm starting to think to myself, maybe these people aren't competent,
maybe they aren't apt, you've heard of the word inept,
well, there must be word F, maybe they aren't apt enough to a combat and deal with this problem,
since they don't know often about it.
Since the rest of the time, they don't have very much controversial stuff on here,
since it's a sports station.
And it's okay for the jocks to go on and say all the words,
and of course you've heard them all, and you know,
it's a separate deal, managed, can say,
and these other guys can say whatever they want, that's okay, it's a sports deal.
And it's not pornographic, because those are Marcho Sportsguys,
not some Jew atheist fag sitting on a radio being pottymouthed.
So I made a call yesterday to this radio station,
which is quite an experience in itself.
I make the call, some guy answers the phone.
I said, Greg Reed, please, he said who's calling, I said, Neil Rogers.
Okay, one moment, please.
Puts me out, hold.
The next sound I hear is, hello.
And immediately as soon as I heard, hello.
I knew it was the water Nazi, it was Phyllis upstairs,
which I've already given you 10 months ago,
I gave you the whole story about her.
I don't deal with her, she don't deal with me,
and we both like it that way.
Hello.
I said, yeah, I was waiting for Greg Reed.
Who is this?
I said, Neil.
Who?
Neil.
Oh.
Give me a number.
So of course, not expecting a return call,
which I did get about 25 minutes later,
which is very unusual for Greg Reed.
Not expecting a return call since we usually play cat and mouse,
and he likes to play the avoidance game.
I called SCURA and WINICK.
Our sales manager to find out what the LR real story was.
Are we really getting cancellations left and right?
And I get around the phone, but I'm eating,
but I'm open about, but maybe we ought to be sending...
See, our salespeople, even as inept as many of them,
have been bringing us copies of those letters,
and all this crap from the FFA,
the future fist of America, for a month now.
And I assume that if the sales manager wanted to do something in response,
like IOD used to do,
send a general letter out to the agency's
and all of our sponsors to let them know what this is all about,
and attempted censorship,
and total distortion of what the show is all about.
You know, sending a letter out.
I thought that maybe they might have already done this,
but now just at this point since SCURA says,
we're getting cancellations left there.
The sky is falling since SCURA.
Even though you hear all of these spots on this radio station,
including the show, I mean just spot after spot after spot.
The spots never ran on this station.
For example, you've heard some of the sclamors
by the other Toyota dealers.
They turned the volume way up, and they tell you the...
What are you looking at me for?
We've got another spot break to do here, baby.
Of course, the conversation with SCURA
and Winick, our sales manager, is like...
When you talk to her, it's like somebody who's saying goodbye before you finish saying hello.
Hey, how are you? Okay, see you later.
That's always the conversation, including the one on the telephone.
So about 10, 15 minutes later, my phone rings,
and there's Greg Reed returning my call.
Oh, my God.
Oh.
That's right. There he was.
Must have gotten the message from the Water Nazi upstairs.
Why do I call Philist to Water Nazi?
Because we have somebody on two different floors here,
while this construction is being finished,
which is only taking about three years.
And so some of our salespeople down here
have like little plastic drinking cups,
and while they're sitting in there on the phone,
talking to their clients, doing whatever they're doing,
they like to have a little something to, you know,
with their whistle.
A little water.
Water in Florida?
Water in Florida. What a concept.
And so every time they go to get water,
they have to go upstairs on the third floor,
and we have a, you know, jugs.
Can I say jugs?
Some of the people upstairs got jugs.
Oh.
No, not her.
And of water, which I guess the company must pay for,
big, big bucks.
I don't think so.
And the new deal, well, the deal on long has been
that if any of our people go upstairs
and take more than a thimbleful at a time of water,
the Water Nazi, oh, yeah, that one,
she's like carrying on like it's coming out of her wallet,
coming out of her paycheck.
Bitching people out.
Isn't that what I ran and raved back in the January
about that scene out in the parking lot here?
With Gary Sarner, which was a match made in the heaven,
by the way.
If I, and I know what I, then what I know now,
maybe I wouldn't have even been impressed by it,
I would just ignore it, because they deserve each other.
It's a match made in purgatory.
The Water Nazi.
Oh, don't take more than that.
This is a, this is major market radio.
This is a company that is supposed to be making money
in a major impact here.
This is your dolphin station.
This is the Neal Roger station.
This is the Hank Goldberg station.
This is your big highfalutin A and radio station
that even a little bit of water you take up there
and you have to put up with a bunch of crap,
a bunch of abuse and crap from the Water Nazi.
Don't take any more.
Things are getting really tight around here.
You bastard.
So anyway, Greg Reed returns my call.
And I mentioned him to him the conversation I had
with screw-in ourselves, manager.
He said, that's not true.
We have one cancellation.
And I already knew about that cancellation
and I'll tell you what the cancellation was, by the way.
I'll tell you right up front.
It's not a local or a regional account.
It's an account that I didn't want to do in the first place.
That John Penis, whatever I see,
people just decided that I was going to endorse live
without asking me first.
The video professor, which I felt I had very ambivalent feelings about,
because it's one of those deals where they do give you something
basically for free in the beginning.
And then they start, you know, they keep bugging you
to buy a bunch of more stuff.
I knew what it was.
And I was like a medium-to-dition chanted about doing it.
But, you know, once it was already on there,
there was much I could say about it.
So they canceled because they got a letter from the FFA,
the Florida Fist Association,
or whatever the hell it stands for.
Yeah, they got their fist in each other's backgones
when they're doing over there in Tampa.
And so, a great retell is that that's a total absolute f-ing-wide.
That we haven't had a whole bunch of cancellations
and the sky is not falling.
And I come in this morning, I see we got so many spots.
If we had calls, which we don't have any,
but if we did have, we would have time for them anyway.
Because it's all spots radio,
we are completely totally sold out on this show.
Every avail, so anybody out there who thinks
that the new Roger Show is going up,
because a bunch of puttwhackers over in Tampa
are sending a bunch of twisted, distorted,
painful letters out to all our sponsors.
You're dreaming it ain't gonna happen, sweetheart.
All you people that are monitoring now,
and sitting down there wasting valuable time,
that you could be using helping somebody
who's like dying in a hospital,
or helping homeless people,
or whatever they might be doing,
something constructive,
which would be the good Christian thing to be doing.
But instead of that, they're out there monitoring
and they're writing down in a long hand,
and they're embellishing,
and they're, oh, because this is a,
and why is that?
Why do we have this Christian thing in America?
Because Christian in America,
including the Republican Party,
which has been taken over by a bunch of
lunatic right-wing Christians,
that stands for censorship.
That's what the C in Christian stands for,
censorship and control.
We will control you.
We'll tell you what you can say.
We'll tell you who can be on the ear,
and if they're to the left of Lord-Ass Limba
or to the right of Lord-Ass Limba,
you can't be on the ear,
and you can't be saying those things.
And certainly not saying those God-damn words.
You just can't do that.
Because we decided.
That's why.
I mean, forget about the First Amendment.
Forget about the FCC.
Forget about anything.
Because we just decided we're a pissed off,
rather than fighting something else to do,
we have decided that you can't be on the ear.
How are you can't be on the ear?
Nobody else can be on the ear,
unless we give our stamp of approval.
And we're just going to try to terrorize
and bully you off the ear.
Well, ain't going to work.
It absolutely positively is not going to work.
And if I have to come in here and play music,
every God-damn day for the next four years,
guess what?
I'll do it.
Because this happens every single time
that we're up against.
This is never one thing that you can
vet your life on in this town.
Every time you're up against it,
every time there are people
trying to get you off the ear,
and you'll need support.
This is what we get.
Look at the phone.
That's what you get.
We've had three weeks of coma here,
no matter what it is.
And I'm not going to waste my time today
talking about my patient or Lord-Ass Limba
or his tailor or about how good the lease looked last night
and how good the Nashville printers
and how I didn't see on Larry King last night
about how another photographer supposedly
sneaked in the house and the photographer did it,
which is the newest spinner try to put on the thing
to try to say mommy and daddy
certainly couldn't have done it.
Because the photographer sneaked in the house.
I've got 80 million things.
I could talk about that Mary Kaye.
What's her name?
LaTerno.
Over there in Washington state.
That's having her second baby by this 15 or 16-year-old kid
who looks like he just landed on the spaceship.
They had that story on last night.
Where in God's name did she find this creature?
This skinhead, this freak of nature.
Well, I think it's a match made in heaven.
And of course the best part is,
like I've always told you,
they're reproducing the best of good news.
And he's over in Paris now,
the 16 or 15-year-old father
of these two illegitimate kids,
who isn't doing his schoolteacher,
who just can't stop getting enough.
He's over in Paris with his lawyer
and they're writing a book.
They're making a book deal in Paris.
All right.
Because you know something?
That's the American fucking way.
Amen, baby.
You got it.
Just like Monica with her book deals and her movie deals,
she couldn't afford enough to go to the laundry with that dress.
She couldn't go to the dry cleaner to get the dress clean.
But now all of a sudden,
there's millions coming all over the place for Monica's story.
Maybe she might even show us evidence
of her presidential knee pads.
Maybe we could see those too.
So here we are.
And by the way, last night,
they had a great piece on NBC about why most people on campus,
most kids die on campus.
You know the cause of 95% of deaths on campus?
Binge drinking.
Booze, that's right.
Booze.
Not drugs.
Not marijuana.
Booze.
90% of rapes on campus,
connected with booze.
There you go.
Are we going to go back to prohibition?
No.
Did it work in the first time?
No.
But boy, you get caught with a few marriage-oenie plants, baby.
Refer madness.
That's what it's all about.
Don't ever forget it.
Don't ever forget that, Manny Lesherman.
Anybody else out there that's a hypocrite phone?
You got goody-two shoes about this issue,
which should be a non-issue in a country that civilized in advance
and beyond the kindergarten age?
That's about the maturity level of our government in this country.
Like, right about kindergarten, I would say.
Kind of like the people around here.
So, Sam, the sham,
let me just say this to you.
And this goes for several of the people in this building.
Okay.
I'll show up here every goddamn day
and take that paycheck every two weeks.
Whether we have any calls, no calls, any ratings, no ratings,
I'll continue showing up.
Do you want to rate me a check?
See, this isn't my doing.
It's not like some kind of plot that I've been doing.
I've been showing up here every day for 10 months,
doing the best I can.
Highest ratings on the station.
Highest spot rate on the station.
Sold out 16 minutes an hour.
Even though we agreed to 14.
Nevertheless,
so I'll continue showing up here every day.
But some of you people in here don't even waste your time crossing my path.
I don't have time in my life for liars,
BS artists, I don't deal with that.
Because like I've told you a million times
when you get to be my age and you've paid your dues,
you take as little as possible.
That's right.
That's part of my motto.
Do no harm is number one.
But take no, that's number two.
That's like not too far down the list.
That's right under DNH.
It's TNC.
Take no right.
And don't deal with assholes.
Don't deal with people who like everything you try to do.
And this center one thing.
And I'm sure that there are people around here, including people in the audience.
Oh, center one, you know, that's with people with AIDS.
That's a fact thing.
I hate to break the news to you.
Center one helps women, helps children, helps straight people,
gay people, bisexual people.
AIDS doesn't discriminate.
There are more heterosexual people getting AIDS now than homosexual people.
But don't confuse anybody with the facts.
It's not a gay organization.
It's an organization that helps people who are desperate with medication,
whatever they need.
And it's an organization that's a damn good one.
And it does a lot of great work.
And even if it weren't a good organization, it's still tax deductible.
It's a charitable donation.
And we got great stuff there on OCDs.
So Sam, the sham, maybe it's a big joke to you.
Since I still have a receipt, dollar one from anybody in this radio station for center one.
Not a penny.
I realize we still have two months and 10 days to go.
Not a dime.
And I remember back in the days when Camilla's house was our charity.
Remember that's what we got.
They got two uppity for us.
They didn't want those dolphin posters because we got a poster with three of the dolphins.
I forget who they were.
I think Mark Clayton was one of them.
And the dolphins did this because we were the dolphins stationed in IOD.
And number two, they wanted to help with our fundraiser for the Camilla's house.
And so three of the players got dressed up in cowboy uniforms.
They got on horses with shotguns.
Remember that?
And they made a poster.
It was a beautiful thing.
And we were selling those for 20 bucks or whatever.
It was to raise more money for Camilla's house.
And Camilla's house refused to allow us to sell those because they felt that the message was
these are three black guys and that black people are criminals that they're thugs.
They came out at the same time as that posse movie.
The all black cowboy movies.
Right.
Play of them now.
Oh yeah, but right.
That was the message.
But the message that they got was all black people are criminals and they all got guns and they're dangerous.
And therefore we don't want to be associated with it.
But back in the days when we did Camilla's house and raised probably over a million dollars for them.
I would say it easy for many, many years.
Back in those days, the mail, remember all the mail I used to come in every day?
Tons of envelopes of mail.
I'm not talking about people who were buying CDs or cassettes or one anything and return donations.
$100 here, $50 there.
That was for Camilla's house for the homeless.
And believe me, I still feel very strongly about the homeless.
I'm very sorry that Camilla's house didn't feel strongly about us.
That they're too good to take our money.
Those good catlicks over there at the center at the Camilla's house.
But since we changed the charity that we raised money and do this fundraiser for every year,
since it became setter one, do we get one of those checks?
No.
Do we get any mail with checks in the envelope?
No.
In the envelope? No.
All of those good, wonderful people that were helping us with their charitable donations.
All of a sudden they can't afford a dime.
They can't spare no change.
And that's where he said.
So I'm going to continue doing my fundraiser and do the best I can and show up at those appearances,
which I donate my time.
I don't take a penny for those deals.
And hope, like I said, hope to do the best.
But believe me, not expecting any assistance or any cooperation from in here.
Is Scrooan working on that border thing so we can get any up to date numbers?
No.
Is Sam the Sham doing anything besides making a joke out of this with his plastic stupid thing here?
With this $300,000 total?
No.
And I'll continue going on a record and exposing this place for exactly what it is,
until they start doing things like a goddamn fitter and one of the breaks he was down here
and I was reading them in the riot act.
He looked at me like somebody had just shot him in the brain if we could find one.
And George said, he doesn't speak that language.
He doesn't understand what you're saying to him.
He's never heard these things before.
And I said, oh.
1057 at five.
1057 at five.
1057 at five.
1057 at five.
1057 at five.
1057 at five.
1057 at five.
1057 at five.
1057 at five.
1057 at five.
1057 at five.
1057 at five.
1057 at five.
1057 at five.
1057 at five.
1057 at five.
1057 at five.
1057 at five.
1057 at five.
1057 at five.
1057 at five.
1057 at five.
1057 at five.
1057 at five.
1057 at five.
1057 at five.
1057 at five.
1057 at five.
1057 at five.
1057 at five.
1057 at five.
1057 at five.
1057 at five.
1057 at five.
1057 at five.
1157 at five.
1157 at five.
1157 at three.
11 slangs.
I am doodied,
So here's how you play the game and when you play the game you are playing these games.
9 pickup.
in the apadre's game three as the anchis will close it out to more
Lawrence Taylor who battled drug addiction for more than a decade was charged
Monday with possession of crack after buying some from an undercover police
officer here we go again as much as cocaine is a horrendous substance here we
go one more time with that drug thing
little L.T. as they finally call him because every jocke has got to have a
nickname to endear him to everybody
the other hand he's uh... you know we're we're doing him all over the place
because he can't break his crack cocaine habit but i think it here's
Mike Tyson who raped a woman and was uh... you know in the slamer for it
for how many years he was in there not long enough
and try to bite the vendor holy fields you're off out there in Vegas we see
what what the Tyson thing is all about is one thing
money that's all it's all about
Vegas is falling on hard times which i told you last week which is very unusual
for their
but the agent economy has been the crapper
the u.s. economy everybody's been real nervous so the discretionary dollars
the people want to put their brains out and go gamble like crazy like we used
to
uh... not so many anymore
plus the competition from california the indian reservations and coming
from mexico they're surrounded all sides will actually name it
so big is got tremendous competition and even though they had grotesque
things take place at the mgm grant they had bottle throwing and the people get
in beat up all kinds of ugly stuff which are nearly never seen Vegas that's
the last thing that they want you to see
so even in spite of that the fact is that they know that they can put this
goon back in a ring fighting a chimpanzee if that's what has to be and still
make a fortune make millions of dollars that's what it's all about
and wasn't it heartwarming to see him surrounded by it was magical came
magic scuttle of the time his tv show was off
and it was Muhammad Ali Muhammad Ali should tell you everything about boxing
and how barbaric and stupid it is
just look at him
he's sitting there with his wife making a statement of course he can't read the
statement because he's sitting there shaking with his Parkinson's disease and
he's just looking off into space like a dead man in a suit and his wife reads
the statement and of course there's Mike Tyson saying oh I'm so so so so
sorry and I thought to myself say it again a couple more time so so so so
so so sorry you have no idea please don't torture me no more and they said okay
okay where's the money sweetheart so that's what that's all about
okay let's get to this plethora caller we got on the board now five six seven
oh five sixty and pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line let's see if we
got some live wires out there today you think so no here's a mobile in Delray
Beach hello forgive me dad for I have sin yeah hey Neil how's it going okay you
know it all goes back to your DNH thing you know and the people would just
understand that but the problem is people don't understand that so I don't know
why is it so hard to understand what's so difficult about that but see I
understand why can't people leave everybody else alone and if you want to listen
to something that's different or watch something that's different as long as
you're not harming anybody what the hell is it anybody's business or I understand it yeah yeah yeah
I understand it it's the other people that you don't understand it you know they
got to come up it's just like you said but the TV thing with Channel 4 and the and
the gate people and they show the way they're missing the missing flaming stereotypes right
it's ridiculous man I wish you know you probably wouldn't like it but I wish I
was your neighbor because man we get along great yeah I wouldn't bother you you
wouldn't bother me hey you need some milk I'll let it I'll let you buy
I don't I don't drink no sorry oh we'll need to do why but hey we could find
something together but anyways that thing I remember when you were on the other
station oh that station I hate and you used to get on and you would open up
letters and you would go here's one for 50 here's all we used and you know
something I went through that whole song and it answers now I got one other
call on the board and we're picked up where we left off yesterday these people
got nothing to say assuming there might be anybody listening out there and there
must be somebody listening because everywhere I go I go to public I'm out
there driving on highway people are high-fiving they're they're waving
there this to the so they're out there listening but the cats got their tongue on
any of this stuff they've got nothing to say about it yeah but you know I we've
gone into a whole new phase in Miami talk radio and the fact is that it's
vanished it just it doesn't exist anymore it's strictly one way talk I don't know
what happened but I know for days and months when you kicked up the campaign I
mean every day you had piles of envelope every week there were thousand
eight dollars coming in for Carlos on every week not only that you would say
thank you Jennifer because Jennifer we come in and give you something or or
this person or that person and I don't hear any of that crap over there they're
cheating you know you don't hear it because nobody here other than Ron from
our whammy staff and I think he's a great guy other than Ron we haven't got
I haven't gotten a dime from anybody I mean I'm not one penny from the QAM
staff from the management from anybody that works on this radio station and like
I said before I'm the enemy I'm not the sports guy I'm not the jock so I'm
not I'm not part of this as George calls it the sports bar with a
microphone I'm not part of that deal yeah it's like the guy from Naples I called
him yesterday you're the full city and man get a life you know I mean
those thing gone it feels great so I'm glad you mentioned that I was thinking
about this last night on my terminal depression about this place you know
feels a great friend of mine he's a great guy's a tremendous talent he's very
fun you know something we raised twenty thousand dollars for feels charity
out there in Los Angeles and very enthusiastically so but now that we come to
October November and December which are the three months I'm trying to raise
money for charity here in town I'm getting people oh gee oh you know it feels
got a new CD oh great well good luck to maybe next spring will you know
you know some of those are raised some money for fill but in the meantime we're
trying to do our own thing it's like a bitch that called me a couple of
how come prison bitch we went out and bought your CDs how come you know bitches
non-air oh yeah I heard that one see I I no longer can satisfy these people and
you know something that reminds me when I was off the air for seven months these
people were side-cut if they couldn't live without me but now after ten months
well he's old had now they decided they want to fill back you know something
we feel we're to come back tomorrow she's never gonna come back to this horse
in buggy town but if he were after a few months they'd say oh well you know we've
heard Mara written off we've heard this we were we want something new we want a new
play toy like a bunch of little kids who want a new play toy every day same old
crap and you know I don't play a lick of golf but I helped fill I had
volunteered to help his when he did the Jimmy Rice thing yeah go out to help you
know I mean it's just to help an hand that keeps this place going but everybody
wants to close their hand I don't understand it and then you know I love you
get a new record okay have a great day okay you eight out it's very difficult with
me this morning
hey hey I'm spike you know when I'm driving there root nine W on a hot summer day
me and the missus always stop at Dickens Dickens fruit stand they've got everything
from fruit to vegetables homemade pies but there is nothing like their cider
ain't that right honey huh Dickensider yes sir why even though we were late in
return last Sunday she had to have a little dick insider she says there ain't nothing
like even my minister says his wife enjoys a little dickensider now and then hey why don't
you bring some home and offer to your plastic rib bottle that way it'll stay fresh
or you can let it sit awhile and have some hard dick insider it's good it
looks good at dinner and there's nothing like waking up with a dick insider
dickens fruit stain just off root nine W and cut your road 69 open 24 hours
because after a chillish summer night I like to snuggle up in bed with a hot dick
inside
15 to 560 WQM thank God for that small dish by the way God almighty was at a great
game between Nashville of all teams the predators and the maple leafs last night
got a two two time but what a great game back and forth and up and down and
nonstop action and great goal tending it it was tremendous and then I watched
you know in between parts of that New England jets game I mean poorly played
poorly officiated the first jets touchdown if they still had replay
clearly not a touchdown a fumble before he reached the goal line but you know
just a really mediocre effort and the NFL's in big trouble the numbers of the
ratings are way down Monday night they're way down on the weekend and for good
reason because they're putting a crappy product out there but don't confuse some
of these people like the guy who called yesterday oh yeah a great time and give
credit where credit is due yeah okay we have an open line and Broward to and
day five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line
here's a payphone in a pompano hello yeah good morning Neil how are you doing okay
sir okay I might have our usual civilized in start yet and I don't know if you
get the USA today no I don't okay on the page there's a new book out pros and
cons the criminals who play in the NFL yeah a new book charge that more than
20% the pro football players are criminals whose path deeds are often ignored
or rationalized by their teams in the NFL and this guy called through some
statistics or whatever and just real quickly the sample group had been arrested
a combined 264 times so that's two times rape seven times domestic violence
45 times excuse me yeah I'm listening yeah and it just goes to show you know
it's just like what they're saying get the kids to root for watch out who they're
rooting for who than that jurors never see the adults though they don't care
about that stuff as long as the player it's like when they brought Lawrence
Phillips in here was nothing but a piece of walking turd and people were
saying oh Jimmy knows what he's doing blind if he can run if he can help us
with that running game and then of course Lawrence Phillips couldn't even make
it to the start of the season before we got cut with another rock contour
time so they're in plantation but the most of the fans don't care if they can
help us win and then we feel better about ourselves we're part of a winner
they don't care about that stuff you can do whatever you want that's so true
and you got another person for your DNH deal okay thanks for the good news okay
we're off to a sizzling start here baby we have two open lines in day two and
brown any interest out there today no today today that they're gonna wake up
and get off their dead ass no they got anything to say about Lawrence Taylor
about Mike Tyson about anything about the small day about the least game last
now about the people are working this joint about anything about our center one
campaign five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless
line this is scary these last three weeks I mean it's because it's the law of
diminishing return each day instead of getting better Friday you know I'm a
schmuck it never dawned on me because once the weekend is you know comes rules
about I forget everything that happened before thank God the only reason we
spots Friday we gave a lot of crap away remember that we gave a whole bunch of
crap we had those MTS Florida cards and we had dolphin tickets and we had
matter door tickets which one guy didn't thank me the guy that went to the
dolphin game called and thanked us and then the guy thanked us for not giving them
the dolphin tickets which was very appropriate and then one of the people
got the matter door tickets other than that even those people are got nothing to
say so that's the only reason we had a response here on Friday scary open line
and date and two and Howard five six seven I'm gonna I'm gonna keep giving the
numbers out till we get every line lit up till we get motivate some of these
assholes to get off their ass and go to the phone because I'm not gonna sit
here and talk to myself every day for four hours life is too short five six seven
oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line
you got that music in there I'll wait
I could be doing a show in four-slawn cemetery the last three weeks and have a
greater response than I'm getting out of this okay kill it kill that music I
can't stand it here's a lady mobile in Miami hello hello yes man good morning I
just wanted to know there's still people alive in day county I'm listening to
you now I listen to you every day in the car and we watch it night on TV yeah
I'll thank God for you we love you yeah I can see that these last three weeks
thank you sweetheart have a great life I can see that we love you we just don't
have anything to say we have nothing to say about anything
open line and date five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T
wireless line this is the part of the take generation if you got something
for us if not we don't have time for you we'll set this it back and listen
we're listening every day but we're not gonna talk to you unless you have
something to give us like those guys yesterday can I suck around for no go suck
somebody else okay send a picture first then I'll let you know if you can suck
but no way can I suck around for this no say something talk have an opinion
losing say something losing say something outrageous be a jackass but say
something you go in any time I go away for the weekend I go away in these
trips I've told you this a million times before you get in the elevator there
people on there people you've never seen before you'll never see them again
good morning how you doing here you have to beg and plead and blackmail
people hey I got naked pictures of you will you call now no still won't talk
you how about fifty dollars is that enough it's like it's like it's like when we
had this stuff yesterday the Gary Sunder pond out and you know beverages and
more everybody drinks soda a lot of people drink beer twenty five bucks is in
this life and a push oh that's not good enough no seriously that's that's what you
saw the response to that it's like oh we don't care about that that's not enough
to make us call how about a hundred it's like the people that talk to you
after I put them on hold I give them something oh don't you have something better
than that these people are no wonder this town is what it is it's a self
perpetuating thing as they get older they become the early bird crowd they're
the ones that are stealing the sweet and low and the pickles online waiting
hour on the rascal house on the day they're opening for the free food and then
come back at dinner time for more free food yeah they go home take a good
take several hours in their case that's right oh yeah they're sitting in
squeezing and then they come back at its dinner time before we know what
they're back online again stealing more crap here's a mobile in the
gable hello top of the morning to the Neil yes sir I say I'm from the water company
that you have the you still have it down there but I went down there about two
weeks ago and spoke to and I didn't know that you had called her the water
Nazi at the time and I can understand why what I wanted to do was get a
filtration system put in there with a nice cooler that everybody could have as
much water if they want they pay one monthly price yeah okay you're dreaming
well yeah and on my front of that car for the water Nazi who I just find out
that she has been crowned at the dubious title she gave me this work
currently satisfied with what they got without me just talking we're not gonna
spend any more money so these bags that can be free water it would have made
her a hero because I was actually saving the company money right when to save
the station money by putting in a few coolings hooked up to one central
filtration system it would have been the same thing as bottled water you would
have been making it there the exact same damn way that we make bottled water
at our company except with you know without the bottle yeah you would have
no delivery no anything else just like a reverse wash message right except with
coolers at your disposal uh-huh and then thing is bottled water coolers but with no
bottle right I understand and now I'm so you know because we're happy with what
we're spending here yeah yeah yeah you know your mother sucks locks and all
right that's right and so you know your mother e-flocks and
I'd like to be a sales hole for your station I think I could probably bring in
more than what you guys are doing here indeed you're hired pal call up
scurran she'll over in your life okay have a great day good luck see yeah okay
we'll see yeah oh we have an open line in Broward 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the
18 to world is lying by the way I want to go on record is saying even though
it's not my immediate concern I have other concerns with these people but if
George doesn't have his bonus in his hand by next Monday I'm gonna what
takes several days off sick that's right it's the 20th of October we're coming to
the end of October let's see March to April to May to June July August
September 7th Fingert's okay and these people think it's a joke that will give
you money that we owe you that we've promised you that you've earned whenever
the hell we get around to it see yesterday I beat up on myself and I went home
when I started thinking what am I making myself sick for I'm not doing anything
wrong I'm doing a hell of a show here I talked to people I said yeah you're
kicking ass you're not getting any response there but you're kicking ass you
sound great and you know something I agree I'm doing my goddamn thing here
it's not like they're doing me some kind of a favor here like I'm leasing this
joint like those brokerage stations like I'm coming on hands and knees begging to
buy some air time to get on a year I'm making these people are goddamn
fortunate and do they have any understanding or respect for what we're doing in
here no none none that I got the general manager who comes down this morning a
second time that we're now having another meeting Friday with my lawyer who
announced to me after Bluff Lindsey calls up Georgia we got two two
affirmations on this now that they're gonna back off the last break on a
morning show so I don't have to follow eight nine and ten minutes of
commercials like like one of the just put an announcement on there saying turn
it off now because we got nine minutes of spots coming on who would have
ever heard of such a thing and what kind of bump forks if we got there working
on that morning show I mean I guess it's fine if you're lazy you got to get up
early in the morning so maybe that maybe that compensate for it you know
fine I wouldn't mind getting up out here every day at 10 minutes to two that
would give me home 10 minutes earlier would I do it no no of course not would I
do that to Hank no a chance in a million that I'd back up all the spots against
the yellow back of the hour so now because I threatened to walk out and
scream to see you shouldn't have to scream and yell and holler to get people to
cooperate when you're doing a good job for them you should work with people who
want to get things done who want to help you to do your job which you're making
the I'll guarantee you I'm making more money than they're ever gonna pay
then they're ever gonna pay me one hell of a lot more here's Kendall what's up
man how you doing I only found you I love you by that
I lost you to you that moved away man when I came back I love to eat it
station I couldn't find you you finally found me well I haven't you seen all of
our billboards and all our promotion yeah yeah well we you haven't seen
them because we don't have any yeah I believe what I live here where well
they don't floor oh god that's what I worked for I'm I'm listening yeah yeah
hey um so what's it show you have it now I'm trying to find it I can never find it
you don't want to see that forget about that thing that's they're going off
anyway so what what do you want by that I don't get you don't
get you don't get it on here it's on channel 69 I have no idea what it's on
your cable that's on channel 69 and welcome back maybe wants to go back to
Orlando two open lines and date five six seven oh five 60 and pound five
60 on the 18 T wireless line here's Miami hello hey Neil yes sir with
dying over here you're killing those meaning what oh man this you're you're
getting a turbo off there just complaining complaining complaining so what are
you listening for because I like you okay thank you well at least
these honest what's wrong with that I'm not complaining I'm telling them like it
is this isn't complete this is real life in Miami baby this is the bushes this is
the bush league place and this is the epitome of it this is the ultimate right here
a bunch of pretenders two open lines in date let's get those date lines is like
let's get some people in date counting the who are behind us who got something to say
who are in a bunch of dictatorial assholes they want to get everybody off the ear
because they don't like what they're saying I'm not complaining I'm trying to
motivate these guys to ambassadors and bring the goddamn audience back on his
guide them phone here for once in their lives it's Tuesday in a city that's
is boring is 400 pounds a cow okay Tuesday don't give me a song in a dance you
got a full rich life and a busy agenda right now okay and look at that as I'm
talking we had nothing nothing in date county that is a goddamn
doorniel nothing but a bunch of banana boat people riding around on cars with
ball tires and no brakes and no headlights that's what we got and for some
reason down in Kendall that's what we're selling our CDs at the Kendall
border store I don't understand that I mean the one guy we had from Kendall a minute
ago he just came back from Orlando he can't find his
exactly have an 0-6-7-0-5-60 pound five 60 on the 18- and T line
there you go those there are those two lines in date county I'm not doing a
break I'm not moving until every goddamn one of them has got some living and
breathing person on them that's how pissed off and fired up I am this morning
and disgusted that after almost 23 years of busted my balls in this town to
entertain people to get people pissed off to get them worked up to a frenzy to
amuse them whatever the hell it is we do but not only do I have to fight the
people internally here but I got to work four hundred times as hard to anybody
to say crap that's right even to take a that's you got it
20-8 after I think Castro's got that damn woodpecker going you know what he
has a woodpecker 20-8-8-8-8 when you guys gonna start talking about sports
meaning what meaning that I know I know you guys gotta do what you gotta do you
plan what do you mean you guys what do what does that mean what what guys me and my
pierrachite you and whatever I was one talking about is you know trying to
just listen to sports in the day and study or complain and all the time what do
you then what do you listen I'm on here every day between 10 and two and I
discuss very little sports so what do you how long you've been listening um
about she's since 81 since 81 since 81
one is 17 years you've been listening and what am I gonna start talking about
sports did I talk about sports in 81 well you know I don't remember let me
ask you that talk about sports in 91 do you remember that far back how about 95
you want to argue you want to talk no I'm asking you know I don't do a sports show
so what the hell does that mean it's all I'm saying is I'd rather listen to
some you know what's going on you know it's large a state what's going on we
I don't care about Florida state I don't care about college sports grow up
pal okay get a goddamn life he's been listening to this show since 19-1
there is our audience out there there's what we got
on this radio station what's there about college sports
I couldn't give a flying cramp less about college sports okay sir and I'm not
gonna be talking about you know if you want to hear about how the Gators suck all day long
turn on a morning show they'll talk about that and play that silly song
and talk about the Gators all day you've got to grow up sometime in your life pal
you got to grow up open line and date 5 6 7 0 5 60 and
18 T wireless like this guy's gonna turn the show off he can quote your
chapter in verse everything I've said those 17 years he's being real
provocative there when you're gonna talk about college sports talk talk about
the Huracun okay whatever you say pal okay let's talk about the goddamn
Huracun okay what's the next subject
open line and date county 5 6 7 0 5 60 and
5 6 the only say this is an excuse for material
that's an excuse for the fact that you got nothing to talk about about anything
sir isn't it the excuse when you go you're boring you're a
bitch and too much okay fine go listen to Lardass go listen to Dr. Lora
she'll give you some therapy for your limp penis okay which obviously you
desperately need if you have to get turned on by a bunch of collegiate to athletes
he probably wants to shower with those guys from FSU
here's a mobile and sunrise hello Neil what do they look like yes sir you sound
like a like a gay guy who hasn't heard of you okay great open line and
Broward 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T line here's a mobile and
Pembroke pine hello Neil yes sir hey man how you doing okay
hey man I want I was watching your show last night and I do watch your show
okay well watch fast because it won't be there long oh man I'd miss it
I'm usually asleep at this time but hey I want to talk to you about the
pop thing man I'm pissed off about this whole
pop thing man I'm dying for it to be legal I don't think it's ever
gonna happen I'm gonna sell my ass moving to Amsterdam
uh-huh school America okay I'll see you there okay
we have an open line of Broward 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 I mean there's not a
trineman chance in hell they're gonna ever legalize marijuana in fact they're
even now they're changing the laws you know in California
some of those joints that they had where they could get the people who needed
medical marijuana now they're starting to the law there was a court
ruling yesterday that came down same that they can close them down people who
are like in tremendous pain people who have cancer horrible diseases who are
in horrendous pain have finally found therapy
that relieves them of their pain and as the government allowed them to have
their therapy no because the government is playing goody two shows but in the
meantime the overwhelming majority like the peace on NBC news said last night
of deaths on college campuses are not from drugs of any kind but they're from
booze
but I guarantee you like I said before we don't want to mess with the booze
people because God forbid then on your sporting events it'd be off then how
the hell would this station make it how can we possibly stay on here with
20 if we had everything if we had no sponsors
we have an open line in Broward 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line 22
till noon at QAM if you're sure something that it could be good night sleep is
what it's all about take a look at me boy I left
here yesterday wanted to blow somebody's brains out not mine I'm not that
desperate yet had a great night sleep on a great mattress which I bought from
dial amatris two years ago and today man I'm full of vinegar and whatever goes
with it that's right so if you want to get a great night sleep every night get
you a new mattress from dial amatris it's the smart easy inexpensive way to get
a great mattress just pick up the phone one easy call 1 800 MATTRES you'll be
sleeping in comfort tonight that's right tonight because they deliver within a
couple hours after you make the call and they deliver all away from QS to
Orlando everywhere in between they got seely pock your pete cements beauty
rest certified sleep for all the top brands and whatever kind of mattress you
like a real firm one a soft one in between one they got it for you and all
deliveries on approval by the way if you're not a hundred percent satisfied with
the new mattress the driver takes it back with no questions asked so save up to
60% off what you'd pay for the same goods in your department or bidding
store by making one easy simple phone call and if you mentioned the near-order show
by the way get 50 bucks off and across to that new mattress column today you'll
be sleeping on serious comfort tonight and for years to come
call 1 800 MATTRES this is 560 QAL
we have an open line in day 567 Beach hello hey how you doing today okay sir
uh first if i can't turn i wanted to apologize George because i had a mouthful of
sandwich when he picked up the phone forgive me for being an asshole
that's okay Neil i just call tell you man i love you man
bring laughter and joy to my day yes thank you sir and god bless you and enjoy
your sandwich and don't choke on it okay we have an open line in day one in
brower 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T wireless line
booze on campus baby and that's the american f and way all right
and i you know i've always said it's one of the reasons i don't go to football
games probably the main reason i don't go beside the fact that it's a
hassle to get out of that joint is who the hell wants to be at a sporting event
where you pay through the nose or even if you got free tickets like i get here
and sitting in the middle of a bunch of rowdy drunks oh you knocked over my
beer man yeah right i'll never forget that one as long as i live fat
rich knocked over this guy's beer and he was ready this uh this punk is ready
for a brawl with poor old fat rich
that that's that's like raw martina is getting ready to punch out
hanks lights over there to highly racetrack that's the kind of macho guys we
got in this town pathetic yeah come on let's have fun and then of course they
get all been out of shape when they cut off the beer sales you know before
the fourth quarter or whatever whenever they cut it off at any sporting event
oh how come they're doing that guys maybe because you're supposed to drive
home asshole and we don't want you killing too many people on the way back
wherever you're gonna go maybe two or three might not be too bad we don't want
to kill them like a whole bunch of people like the guy that time leave in the
limo arena from a hockey game who almost cut me who he did cut me off
nearly killed me in advance calls in on the show the next day
and apologizes to me to well i was feeling no pain
yeah right you know there's nothing right and see this is another thing you
go to Germany you go to Amsterdam you go all over here and you see people
sitting outside of the cafe and the pubs and they're drinking their beer
starting like 10 o'clock in the morning you see any drunks no
never never maybe once in a blue moon you see some old you know deadbeat
poor poor soul but other than that you don't see people stay it even with the
two of the drugs that they do the the marijuana and the hash that they do over
there that they don't enforce the laws you never see it never see people walking
around stoned out of their mind stagger you don't see it
certainly wouldn't see it here would you
in fact if you're out there in the road right now look to your left look to your
right you probably just saw it here's plantation hello
hello not even noon yet and you saw it yes sir first of all i think you
greatest facts you didn't even read it yet on the
terrible you got okay great stick it up your
vacuum we have an open line and broiled five six seven oh five
and right there that that was quick service totally in coherent
ten minutes to know this guy's already in the bag
here's a payphone in Miami hello yes hello Neil yes sir
yeah that's better with the amount of payphone i've been trying to get in touch with
you for a while i want to give you the the amnesty park in at the arena
yeah yeah get a jump on Thursday the more people be parking across the street once
we find out how they get caught you know they caught that traffic just to go in
the pay and possibly pay a ten dollars yeah i mean that's that's the rule kicker i
mean that that's right ten dollars eight dollars for season ticket holders
i think is a major ripoff okay i'll see you there tomorrow okay all right
thanks a lot of luck to us by the way it might be in luck because both of the
you're starting goalies for the ala kings are injured
Jamie store and the stephanifiz set to say for all you frogs
and so they got to start some rookie kid goalie and uh goalie mar night and the
kings have been playing pretty damn good last year and then again so far this
season but they got no real goalie for it at mar night so we might just do it
i'm bringing my measuring tape there to mar to measure the seats and rewinding
better look out too by the way we have an open line in date five six seven oh five
sixty and pound five sixty on the eighteen t wireless line we want to see if he
measures up here's Miami hello hello yes sir Neil listen if i disagree with you now i can
everything if i disagree with you you're gonna hang up on me it all depends and if you want to
be obnoxious and abusive and there you go you don't give anybody a chance man well let me
say it again what do you want to say well you know let me first say when people call
they're a little bit you know they're not used to being on the radio like yourself you're
professionally on every day yeah you take a guy gets on the phone from a bunch of people well
what do you want to say i'm out of one i got a lot of stuff i disagree with you a lot i love you
because you're a film you know i'm listening let's hear it all right uh listen do you
you have children and of course not you mean you listen a lot to the show and you're asking me a
if a fag like me as children of course not well you know you are you're you're not relating man
you're you're a great speaker i'm not relating to what to to the real people you got people
call you up and tell you how great you are and in your face isn't that what you just said you
just got through saying that 30 seconds ago i said i'd love you because you're a fellow human
and you're sick and and and that's it i don't like you i mean i don't like me you love me but you
don't like me right uh-huh you know whatever that means okay you don't know what that means no
you know you don't have any family members yeah you love them so but you but you might not
I don't like them or like them on every time you know not a green doesn't mean you don't like them
well it can mean it they can hurt you and they can so what is the point what's all that yeah
that's how what what about solutions you know you know solutions to what truthfully any time i've ever
heard your your show all you're doing is complaining like hell i mean it you know cutting
everybody you never say anything nice about anybody i don't know i go over to the Miami with
the macarena when they showed it to me and tell everybody how beautiful it was and then after
the first game played i the next day i came in on monday and it wasn't me with the audience
that every single one of the people were belly can add complaints i think you may have it
backwards i i tell it exactly the way i see it i call them as i see them if somebody does a great
job i'll be the first one to tell you i think they're great if somebody stinks the joint out i'll
tell you they stink if uh- whatever i don't know enough i live in the real world i don't live in
la la land maybe i don't know what is any of this have to do with whether i have children or not
because the way you talk it's like you know disregard any drugs or anything or related
and i say that when did i say that i don't have any drugs because you say that people should be
able to do whatever the hell they want to do i never have i said as long as they don't harm anybody
else and i know as well as you do and you know as well as we don't have people
ripping off convenience stores and doing our robberies to buy them i'm responding to you do you
want to have a conversation you might make a speech no but Neil we listen to you all the time do
you want to make a speech or do you want to have a conversation i want to move on to the next
no why don't you let me respond because you accused me of saying something that i never said
you didn't let me finish it and i won't what an asshole i respect you but i don't like you but
get out of here blow it out your ass let me say it and you were on at least two minutes too long
i'll listen to what anybody has to say as long as they number one don't want to abuse me because
i'm not taking any crap from anybody in this guy i want oh you don't relate to the people you don't
have any children what the hell is that got to do with anything there are plenty of people out there
that don't have children there are plenty of people i got children that are long since adults
have grown up and whatever else but i don't relate to the real world because this guy's been around i
haven't been anywhere i don't understand the real world this guy's the expert and as far as
solutions sir this is a radio show i don't have any solutions for anything i can only try to make
solutions for the immediate world around me here and this morning by blowing off steam i made a
solution to at least one problem that we had here and i'm going to make solutions to some of the
other problems we got and if that's what i have to do if i can't get response out of the people
that i work for and work with any other way then that's what i do because i've done it for years
and that's the only thing that'll get them to do off their ass so i can make solutions in my own
little world but i don't this is a radio show i'm not going to come on here like mike segal
used to do in this town and up there in seattle i'm k ing radio oh we're going to solve the problems
of the medical professor where it's bull crap nobody on a radio has ever come up with a solution
for anything okay sir it's a radio show read my freaking lips
and i hope your children have a great life believe me they'll need help
it's 1157 at 560 wqa am the neo roger showter day oh god new york my dad knocked me out
he raped me when he turned me up when i went on the day when he
i was killed by my daddy
my dad knocked me off i was a little queen
it's not a media mystery i'm just the one who knows
oh
we beat the n feet we hit the rapper house and as my head as you know
he's russian oh so still come along now so they're gonna let him go my dad knocked me off
he needed me to get it up
so he's the one who did it you'll never hear him i did it
oh oh three at 550 wqa am anybody see larry king last night see the oh a time mistake
didn't hear about until after the fact the fact that he had evidently either john ramsey himself was
on there or represented it for the family with this kaka new theory that a photographer a friend
of the family sneak into the house while they were out at the christmas party that night and was
hiding in a basement waiting for them to come home now let me ask you this do you think john
but a like ran down to the basement with a with a roll i'm asking case you did that all the time oh
yeah that's true but anyway if anybody saw it inquiring minds would like to hear about it and
then of course just recently all the tabloid they're showing that the handwriting experts are saying
that the mother umama she was the one that definitely wrote the aran somnote an addition to which
if the photographer who was a friend of the family wanted a kidnapper how come you left the
rancid note and then murdered her and uh and sneaked out of the house huh here's north miammy hello
north miammy yes yes sir hi nil long time listener and first time caller i'm really nervous too
but i love you man and uh one of the highlights of uh uh my stay here in south for it was meeting you
at one of the panthers games in the inaugural season right it was great you're a great guy i wouldn't
respond to the last caller um i think that's you know a prime example of uh one of the main problems
that we have here in the states uh with people that think like that and especially when it comes to
marijuana a number of issues really concerned my mouth which i never said that and then when i
when i start explaining what i really am saying oh well i don't want to talk about let's move on
to something else yeah and also as far as you providing solutions for society i think that's not
really the purpose of shows like here's the yours is one of the few shows that i think stimulates
thought and we are politicians that's who we elect to do that and you should stimulate thought for
us to think you know carefully about who we elect to i'm stimulating it right now yeah well also
when it's actually original reason for calling was to uh i'm a big lover of the Netherlands and the
Dutch people i think they're wonderful people it's a wonderful culture i've been the last two or
three years i've spent uh every vacation i have and i answered him and i just want to tell a
couple of things to do i bondle park is great i don't know what the weather's going to be like when
he's there but to sit there and just have a beer and they're going to definitely be a couple of
groups that come by the cafe it's an excellent thing to do in between whatever you're going to do
and uh van Gogh museum is great and get definitely get the cassette thing that uh that tells you
about all the paintings it's great thing to do definitely and if he's looking for the other stuff uh
there's a place called city hall that's great it's uh it's perfect and it's got actually the
guys from florida florida license plates in there that owns this coffee shop and it's one of the more
less all keep listening i'm in an out of town a lot so i've never had a chance to call
i really wanted to and today i've got uh you're here forever i know okay thanks okay see you
we have an open line today yet you're saying that all those kids out there should be doing any and all
drugs people can do whatever they want to do is that what i said no but uh here's a guy that wants
to make a speech that other guy before the news he went before the news did i say news before
the top of the air before the commercials i'm sorry five six seven all and i'm definitely
there's the evidence right there before the news on this radio station
poor george his luck i go on vacation he fills in for one week and come thursday we have the
hurricane here and everybody's gone because nobody in their right mind would be tuned into a sports
station that has no news department that wouldn't know if a hurricane was going to blow the building
down 30 seconds from now that had pinched people from channel 10 that were supposed to be calling in
that uh well maybe we'll get around to it maybe we won't nice going duff
here's a mobile in hollywood hello mobile in hollywood going once going twice open line and
brownered five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line mobile in Miami hello
and he'll how are you okay sir i get sick more and more sick of this time every day yeah i got some
constructor i got two things some constructive criticism for george it's always good but his voice
is a little too bassy bassin the turn the bassy when we're playing truly bassy music in there this
morning maybe there's a connection yeah okay so don't turn the trouble i'm on it's not bay it's not
bay it's just a monotone he's got to win flake a bit yeah two monotone effect that he would sit on the
same pin cushion that gildey sits on maybe he could get his voice up a little bit you can understand
him better thing now yes i got a way for you to go to the doff game you always see on the
no there's no chance don't take me to the game what what are you saying sir i can't hear you
is it what yeah huh open line and date five six five six seven oh five six the end pump five
six the end of mobile one line here's Miami hello yeah yes sir yeah you are chickened out and hung up
yeah right i chickened out sir i gave you about three minutes which was through two minutes and
fifty nine seconds too long have a great life okay if that's possible i chickened out you had nothing
to say you had absolutely positively nothing to say you didn't want to have a conversation
wanted to make a speech you don't know you're asked from your elbow and go find a life okay go get
a search party go find a life and maybe a penis and to have a good time with it open line and
guy who had nothing to say and i gave him an eternity there
boy does he have a lot of cuts back no material but a lot of hootspa
like that how about if we just give him the rest of the show how would that be to ramble on and
mumble and mumble and say absolutely nothing about anything blah blah blah blah blah blah blah what time
is your show on sir i'll be sure to check that out not
nine minutes after noon at five sixty wq wave
where do you find Joe Rose just a forest and so even more starting on the first team
right where you got it sports radio five sixty q a f
little god let's meet coach meridio livid
coach meridio livid club st. croix ladies come on down let me bet twenty one you're gonna party
yeeah we're doing the renaissance uh
sookie sookie smooth leg competition
where girls you get to shave your old man's leg off his hair for six thousand dollars
being laser hair treatment it's Friday night the places packed come on down the club st. croix
i promise you this may be the party of your life let's just go get drunk all right so that was
for real i thought that was a put on i thought that was a uh wow thank god that he's not on a bottle
anymore we have an open line and date five six seven oh five sixty well even little kids have to
be weaned off the bottle sooner or later five when you give me it just it takes away from the show
well i i wish i could buy that as an excuse for the audience i got news for it last three weeks
most of the days i haven't given anything away no good i give it to the way of uh almost every
day this uh for the past three weeks no wrong wrong Friday we gave a bunch of stuff away Friday
okay well and the phones were smoking on Friday and we had some good calls on Friday
but uh i i'd listen if i never he i sometimes i really wish you wouldn't i mean when you get
smoking you know like you know like like today i'm smoking right now i perdomo with the radio
worth the radio uh crap is going on and you know in your own place i love to hear that to me that
that's that's great radio but when when people are calling just uh you know they they
i agree with it there's nothing more boring in the world can i suck around for and of course 99
percent of those people have got nothing to say and as those shows wear on uh they they have less
and less they don't even make an attempt to try to say anything they say like about four words
which i think is very cute and oh by the way can i suck around four fill in the blank whatever
we got you're right i agree with that okay well you know the only other thing i have to say is that
all right let's let's make the rule as of now we're not giving anything away for the rest of the year
okay oh great listen i have family fist bleep and association the Florida family a fist
association exactly i think they had it wrong they said you're not going to last a year they
probably left out the word whammy oh yeah i think they might have been the tv show you're right
yeah they're trying to talk about my show they were talking about the station
hey hey they're trying to get you off whammy which i don't think they have to try you know okay
bye bye have a great life okay no more giveaways that guy's absolutely correct you're right
i am so tired of these uh these hunderlings they call and suck can i suck around go suck some
place else okay i got nothing for you other than an opportunity to call on here this is the
american effing way baby the first amendment say whatever you want oh you know say whatever
to you like and if i don't like it i'll hang up on you but never let's give it a shot
that guy calling back a second time that bozo that i gave all of that time that had nothing to say
whatsoever droning oh yeah well you know you you have your family and you love your family but you
don't necessarily like them huh well well sometimes you disagree okay i disagree with you
therefore i don't like you does that make sense to you there you go i get it here's sunrise hello
hello yes sir it's first time caller uh listen to you over the internet right uh the question is
oh wait a minute why do why do you listen over the internet if you're in sunrise because of my
office i'm in i can't pick up a date exactly you can't even pick up the station outside right so
but i'll see you over the internet so it's interesting uh question was the friend i were having a
discussion he was telling me that the mayor of my army his brother has been indicted or being
indicted for bank fraud or something in bezzlement for like three million dollars and that the mayor
his brother yeah the mayor's brother joe carolio's brother yes and that the mayor is now having death
threats against his life and he has to have around the clock protection um you know for the death
you heard anything about this i haven't heard anything about that you haven't heard anything at all
no because uh and even george who of course has got his pulse on the finger of the hispanic community
in my army he been george is taking me so they have these kind of problems yeah only in my army
well how about that thing with the uh how about the threats against channel 10 because they didn't
mean to the contract of some hispanic news anchors and on our squeak it's on earth says how can they
with a good conscience not have a hispanic news anchor uh on as if it makes a difference where they
come from right i mean if they're not that's a mentality in date county sir where do you live
i'm sorry you live in sunrise right yeah live in sunrise well congratulations right thanks me i love
the show and i guess i'm a first new new listener to the show and i love it god bless you say it and have a
great day yeah thank god and like i said date county i feel sorry for the good people in day there's a lot
of good people in date county especially the ones in kennel that are helping us out with our center one
CDs no seriously there's a lot of good people in date but a lot of them are like lost it's like being
surrounded by a banana boat mentality we just got to report that it was the mayor of choral gables
oh the mayor of corral oh my god corral gables that's even worse
moral gables where of course you can't have too many you can't have any chickens on your lawn or
any ducks and you can't do this and you can't do that it's the can the no can do city corral g
moral gables where everybody sticking their nose into your business can't have a pickup truck sitting
in your driveway can't have a boat sitting in there if one of those ducks one of those pen and the
s ugly ducks comes walking through your yard they're probably going to give you five years in jail
even if you got nothing to do with it i say the duck here's a hellendale hello yeah hi Neil okay sir
uh Neil i'm calling because i was uh listen to you a few minutes ago about the uh gentleman who's
going to Amsterdam to a talking about city bird i've flown city bird this past summer yeah i'll tell
me all about it okay well going uh i go to kupin heygan every year actually into sweet and i play
music over here every july what a great place gandanae via manets where the real people are you
got it i love it so uh we flew from my name to brussels and it was just actually fantastic going over
it was a brand new airplane and the service was great and i really had a great time but coming back
it was a little bit different uh maybe because the plane was crowded or something but the um
the staff on their stewards and the stewardesses were we're not very i should say not very polite
and definitely very lazy uh one incident that happened was these two little kids were playing
soccer up and down the aisle well that's nice with a little ball and i was trying to see a real plane
in the year in the airplane in the year right and uh as you know uh it's a long flight and i was trying
to sleep um and what happened was i i asked the steward to um have him sit with their mother and he
says well i'm not their father i'm not going to do anything about it so i got it my mind i told the
little kids uh finally got it through their heads i said you see their curtain up front there i
says go up and play up above that there's a lot more room so i sent him up to first class yeah
and uh needless to say they were back with their mother in about five minutes hard to read yeah
the steward didn't say anything more to me the whole trip but other than that i was real happy with
that it's uh how was the food way how was the food on the plane the food was okay it was like any
other i like it but it wasn't anything fantastic but it was great but anyway the gentleman is going
he's going to transfer over to subena to go to uh subena has a working agreement with city
bird that's the only problem city bird doesn't have working agreements with very many airlines i had
to transfer to staff so i had to claim my luggage you know both ways uh pain goes through customs a
couple of times you know with that because you had to go out of the airport and then back upstairs
into the airport again yeah and brosley fly subena from brosle's to him yeah now that if he goes to
subena he has a working agreement he won't have to claim his luggage you know and it goes if he
goes keel ember something like that and he'll have to how long is the flight from brosley it's very
very quick now Amsterdam probably less than an hour Amsterdam's not that far from from from
from brosley and back so i was sitting with a guy that was driving into Holland i don't know if he
was going to Amsterdam or not but it's it's not very far at all it's a very short flight so would
you do it again because they were their fairs are very cheap they are right and that's that's a good
thing about it but the only the only hassle is though that they do not fly direct they fly to brosles
and no matter where you're going in Europe you have to get a connection out of brosles to wherever
exactly exactly the exact way it was in august and july i'm sorry uh but i was you know it wasn't
bad um they if you put fragile and stuff on your on your baggage uh they get it to you right away
right at the way for it so i was i was overall very happy except for the little incident with the kids
going over like i say it was fantastic so i was like a raser just shoot the kids and have a great time
for me i say uh thanks a lot okay okay i have a great day okay we got uh look at this
open line and broward all three and date again i mean uh you know two hours and that's right we didn't
start this to eleven o'clock because i was riding and raving the first hour which by the way i
make do apologies for because everything needed to be said and i stand exactly but why what i
say this is the day i you know i've said this before but again i get you know you wear yourself out
but today i've got for some reason enough energy to really mean it this is the day i'd run a line in
the sand either they get their craft straightened out here or we'll just go on strike for a couple
weeks we'll both call in sick for a couple of weeks now that's right and they can let sam and uh
chris that if you do the show here at midday five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty on a
mobile one line let me say it again it's for us food on a year line alitalia of course is great they
have excellent food now what he used to be but still very very good the best that i've ever had
and as far as a domestic airline i want to say one more time american airlines great
who says i never say anything good if you do something good by me i'll come on a year and rant
and rave about how great you are for uh for hours even in coach american airlines the food is pretty
damn good and in first class it is out of this fricking world excellent so i can only imagine what it
would be like flying american uh you know trends uh oceanic that would be probably pretty damn good
two open lines in date five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line
here's a mobile in hollywood hello i'd like to get on the list for tickets please yeah uh
i have a sort of update and citing i have a rim job citing with two of the panther players
yeah last night in coral springs watching the infopuncane and rimmer the married wonderful guy that he is
yeah thank you okay great we have an open line in broward and two day hit to break the news
to pal but rimmer called me while the game was on he wasn't at any bar with panther players and he
wasn't screwing around hate to break the bad news to pal i talked to him twice during the winter ball
game was on so uh sorry you lose two open lines in date county five six seven oh five sixty and
five sixty on a mobile one line another oh shan provocateur here's boca hello boca hey how you
doing now okay sir hey lynton i wanted to find out and joe was happy about your job what is it you sound
rolling happy about working there meaning what meaning why don't you quit why don't i quit and then
what would i why would i quit why would i walk away from a job when i'm doing my job does that
make sense to you sir you're complaining about it so i figured maybe you might want to quit no i'm
not gonna quit do you think i'd quit well you're full blown retard would stay there yeah and then
why you listening would a full only a full blown retard would call and delete listening to the show
only a full blown retard would stay there and take those seven figures a year that you're supposed
to be making there right that's right how much you making pal why don't you quit your job i'm sure
you're making a big bucks how about how about writing me a check for about two three million okay
then i'll quit and you'll ever have to be bothered with me again only a retard would stay there
no only somebody with the tenacity that i've got would stay here and continue banging away and forcing
them to come into the god damn real world dragging and kicking them screaming just like Greg read said
that i would i never realized it would take this long but that's exactly what i'm gonna have to do
you know what i mean that's right open line and date you see i've never seen this to George before
they're one of the breaks this this crap like this this is old is uh knickers when you have no
material when you have nothing to say call in and take a shot at me be my guest give it your best shot
but all you're doing is why not take out a billboard that says i have no material i have nothing to
say about anything so i'll call in and take a cheap shot at neal because god it's a lot of fun great
be my guest i still get paid twice a month real big bucks somebody mong this is a brand new into
how now did we already mong did you hear that somebody monged on this god damn CD and it was doing
bizarre things what are we gonna get rid of these damn CDs already these are already obsolete used
to be cassettes then it was CDs and now we have this and that you know what's going to be next
the mini disc or DVD DVD how about DVDs yeah i'm sorry somebody monged onto this so they were like
hopping in hip hop in there as a little hip hop on a show we have an open line in the
brower two and date five six seven oh five by the way scot shorts you don't want to work here okay
scot don't be calling George looking to come over here we don't you know we don't want to do that
to you don't want to kind of work in this joint five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a
mobile one line here's a lady mobile in Miami hello neon yes man wanted to let you know city bird
was one of the best airlines i've ever flown on we just came back two weeks ago really fabulous
we were business classed about both the meant to be into Italy and it was great it was absolutely
wonderful the food was very good not as good as others but good enough well what do you mean not
as good as others like well you know like american first classes is very good i've got air
frances food is very good right i got city bird the the fleet of planes the city put out i have a good
truck thanks okay so did we get any calls yet about that lary King show with us john but a ramsie
think no any calls about Mike Tyson which is the number one story that everybody's talking about
no how Vegas gave him his license back and all those poor uh shfarts is winner yesterday magic
johnson my hamad alia his wife please please please i'm so so so sorry and he gave him his license
back because they want to make a lot of money and Vegas is falling hard times any calls about that
no okay i'm just checking any calls about the american attorney when at the geeky looking
boyfriend who's over in Paris right in the book that knocked you up twice no okay just checking
just want to make sure two open lines and date five will in Miami hello how you doing Neil okay
sir yeah i'm like you in a couple ways but you know my wife says you talk that i talk negatively
about so many people and i try to explain it to most people are at so right that's true
you know i mean i give credit like you where it is deserved but it deserves so little by most people
the other thing is with my job uh i do all this advanced work and i maybe i'm a perfectionist
to a fault but uh everybody around me doesn't do this so it renders my job meaningless and what i've
done in advanced preparation right so it's just that it's so frustrating it's very frustrating when
you work for people who refuse to care and they look at you like you're a troublemaker why don't
you just go through the motions like we're doing i can't do that i just don't have it in me that's
that i'm better than anybody else that's just not my style i can't do that yeah no no now
relating to these sporting events here i love it when the heracons are are doing bad and not so much
because i like the job of the sea of wind but when when people don't go because i was in that corner
in zone spread out i had about eighty chairs around me with nobody around me bothering me you know
i went to one game or earlier the guy kicked my soda over and you're just falling over drunk and
i i i used to go to the game yeah exactly you know and uh you know what you know and uh
i hate even going to games now i mean i really do i used to go to all sporting events but i'd
rather stay home and watch it if it's on you know i don't know the thing if i would have used my
tickets to go see the dolphin game on sunday i wouldn't have been home to to watch the uh the end
of the uh bills game against Jacksonville and i also wouldn't have seen the entire san francisco
colts game which turned out to be there were two unbelievable games there who now wants to go out
there and sit and watch a ponderous uh terminal uh effort which i watched for five years born
i'll tell you a way it was terminal but i i brought bring my little tv and i watched the end of
it the jacks of course i don't have satellite you know but uh i mean i watched the end of that game
i mean it's a pleasure to you know put the headphones on listen to man that you're in this
infer i mean the wrong guy he's calling uh the wrong yard line i mean he doesn't even know what
steam it's an embarrassment with him yeah no really like like hang says you know this this
company specializes and this goes back to dean jordan who's now left the the high pingo
organization but he brings in these guys from out of town they they they fly in uh you know
christine and more to do the panther game he's up there in jersey all year long they fly him into
the panther games they fly in zimper from piled up here and zimper is not even a florida guy you
know there's nothing about what's going on here they fly him to wherever the dolphins are playing
every sunday and then he goes back and does his sports yo on uh wip and piled up here yeah but see
as you said they work cheap and uh with you i mean that the article that was written when you
worked first coming on the uh million dollar salary but you bring three million in spots yeah
yeah so i mean uh that they they got a gold mine would you even if they paid you two and a half
three million oh that sounds good yeah well i know one day with that rate sounds good to me
yeah you're you're you're bringing in the money more than what they're paying you uh but these
other guys they work cheap and that's what it's all about the same with whammy cheap cheap cheap
let's keep higher in cheap and confident assholes and see what kind of product we put out there
and then that's what they get so i hope they fail miserably you know okay good luck to us pal
there's a guy he's banging his head against the wall and frustrated about it i'm not frustrated
about it i just let it out i let the steam out like i did this morning and got him i happy about it
oh oh we have an open line and date five six seven oh five sixty it's the water Nazi she's measuring
it out baby take in fact i'll tell you what all your sales people down here on the third floor from now
on i want you to take like a we have magic markers in here and by the way thanks to south alconi
from uh sole water what's the name of i got a mug of it all you want every time we run low
a cell comes rushing in here with cases of sole water from the northern attack and alps
which the rain no southern attack and alps so i guess that's where it will be the northern
Italy great water jick markers thanks to our friend joe rizoli hey let's plug everybody
like i said they're nice to us we're nice to them at raw off his supply and we'll you know take
the magic marker and mark like a little line on every cup and that's as far as you can know so you
can fill up your cup to the line which will be very close to the bottom of the cup by the way don't
be expected no lines about halfway up there forget that that will only be for the urine test when
they do the random drug testing here very soon which i think they ought to start with management
yeah here's boker hello oh yes sir yeah i i i always get put uh i see these pictures on cars and
i heard of him in the political give me a say let me see if you ever hear the burning bush uh no
same difference okay we have an open line at day one and brownered five six seven now he's got to
write he's got a good question guy never held political office never got elected dog catcher
got all these mysterious shady uh financial dealings all of a sudden overnight because his last
name was bush became a millionaire before we became the age of 40 and then all of a sudden overnight
he's the candidate for governor he's your next governor sir oh god five six seven anybody see
Larry King last night anybody see that job today we want to get a report we well you know inquiry
minds want to know no okay i don't want to push too hard i'm just trying to get a little information
here so we can solve the god damn murder the bolder police can't do it maybe we can do it right
here on here make that one guy happy the guy that's looking for solutions like the president said
hey monica scored score i got a solution for you get it back there but now it's way way in the back
that had the schedules and the affairs and all the other good stuff two open lines and day two and
brownered anybody out there with any interest no anybody see Larry King thing got an update on
John but hey anybody got anything about Mike Tyson anybody got anything about that leaf
Nashville game last night watching the small dish no anybody with anything on anything okay
just checking five six seven oh five sixty and pond five sixty on a mobile one line
here is Miami hello and you know yes sir yeah i just can't tell you what what kind of a city we live in
yeah did you see yesterday that the two students were stabbed and attacked
he's right Miami dry yes uh-huh and another guy who taken food to his son was you know
mold down by an AK 47 yeah it's just pitiful i mean it's so depressing living here i hate it
and uh i love you but other than that have a great life okay there's a guy that's a happy camper
right all but he's so negative i was just telling it the way it is we have an open line and
browned all a date i go okay we we managed almost two hours here today that's a good start you
have to crawl before you walk is that what they say so let's see what we got we got a whole box
to read and i'm not giving it any way i don't want that one guy to panic who said no more giveaways
i think that's why they stopped calling they heard no more giveaways they said okay let's find
another show oh geez that was a nice thing to that trick or treat thing it's too bad it's uh
John Jaros active huh too bad it ain't never gonna work again here's our last call and then we'll
clear the board lady mobile in the lighthouse point hello hi Neil yes man how you doing oh i'm uh
all alone here man all by you and me that's it that's the show well listen i work for american
airlines that's your line in the world yeah and i know about that but your food is your grade
yeah but the thing is you know if you want good food you got to go to a restaurant because
these other airlines that are offering low prices mentioned sandiego she said okay i'm leaving i mean
i don't understand that well what are you looking for if you're looking for paradise you're not
going to find it in america i'm only joking about that i know i think i it's a nice place to live and
you have problems everywhere you just have to deal with them but what's a nice place to live here
oh well i live this beautiful you have to make it beautiful yeah i think it's nice but i just
feel like people should have higher standards than i don't know what to do to change it well i'm
doing the best i can here i'm screaming in the early on and carrying on but uh maybe i'm getting
shooted home i don't know we'll see in the next few days all right we'll have a nice day okay thanks
okay one call left on the board so here we go
made it almost too long yesterday not bad from 11 to 10 to one mark that down
oh
give any stuff away baby you're really a woman you got the great call
the seminoles how about those gators the gators suck huh that's the hurricane it's up
yeah you let's hear about that
you
seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line we got all of
the county wait on you all three lines of date county are sitting there dead as a door nail
the over the enders of the game is going up this weekend come on let's go
yeah
what's the start on the uphandard game against uh LA tomorrow ain't we got that
playing goal for the kings tomorrow night i have to say a centriot Jimmy storage
in your day by now anybody here no okay i'm sure
double and delray beach hello hey Neil i'm good after now yes sir when it's top day
hey i just had lunch up in steward and i had lunch at stakin shake yeah i couldn't believe i thought
there were one yeah in steward what yes do it's not steward it's not south forward exactly
all right i guess now once you get to Orlando and i think about that first one i've seen
i saw aren't they on the west coast also yo big time very big and healthy that's probably one of
the other than other than burn steakhouse and stakin shake there's not too much else good in the
time
especially the day nail i got the boss hanging out literature mandating that we read up on uh
some henl on hovered material what's your thoughts on this guy what do you mean mandating that
you read up on now what what what is that yeah he's handing around and uh you know i was
even wondering about the legality of a legality not legal it's a religious thing like uh
that's how he's a religion it's a cult he can't demand that you read up on it
what is it no that's uh yeah that was not just open you could verify that well get yourself a
lawyer and sue his ass okay and good luck to your new job we have an open line and
brodered five six seven oh at least he had lunch at stakin shake that's good shake this here's a
lady mobile in Miami hello hello yes man yes Neil i don't know if you're aware that you're putting
a fuss in surround the shop that's dog rats they keep the people from parking in there isn't that
beautiful just to make sure that you don't have an easy convenient place and uh can avoid
giving away in your money we're putting up fences just to keep the people out isn't that great
oh i'd like to enjoy that oh my god thanks for the good news you got i'm getting a bicycle okay i
i had a bicycle i can be over there in no time i don't know where oh i guess what remember
what he called in and said that uh she forced them to put in the bike rack and threatened that
she would sick me on them and they said okay don't do that yeah they actually have bike racks over
there we have an open line and brodered five six seven now let me ask you something if we ever
had that before where every line on the board is a mobile have we ever had that in history sure why is
that because they can't hear us inside of a building maybe that's part of the problem we got here i
know you can't hear the station in on 441 you can't hear it inside any business any place that's
got a fluorescent light within five miles you can't hear us oh do we know that boy we got the
major problem here's a mobile in Miami hello Neil yes sir how are you great i'm sure glad they
take you to do this because my blood pressure would be like a million over ten thousand i want to
tell you i went home yesterday my blood pressure was 155 over 98 that's the highest because i
take medication for you know that's the highest my blood pressure has been in years and i kind of
like lay down and i calm myself down and i realized and i thought to myself what am i killing myself
for these bunch of assholes the audience that doesn't want to talk to me and i want you people
i work for who have no interest in doing anything professionally and i got my blood sugar down
100 i mean my blood pressure down to 110 over 77 and i had been okay ever since
yesterday during the show i was going to have a stroke in the middle of that show yesterday
and i'm going to kill myself for these bastards there's no nothing do nothing bastard who insist
on doing everything the half-assed way no way i thought i'm 40 years old i've lived in the South
Florida now for 39 years it was the only place the only place i've ever really known as far as
quality of life as far as living here and just within the last five years my jobs required me to
travel quite a bit not internationally but just around the country and i tell you it's you don't
we don't realize what a toilet we're absolutely living in down here in South Florida until you go
to a real place until you go somewhere oh don't don't have to tell me every time i get off the plane
and you get into that uh what's all the thing i can't never think of the name of that thing
you know the skyway the walkway the uh whatever they call that thing skywalk skywalk off the plane
you're coming into the uh you know into the terminal and that that heat and humidity hits you
in the face no matter where you're coming from and you feel like oh jeez you're gonna get right back
on right that's right take me anywhere but i can't possibly be back here
right most of the time my travels take me to Atlanta and people can conceive and say what they
want about Georgia being backwater and y'all who and everything else yeah but at least the people
they're friendly and you can go there and have a nice time and as a city they seem to have their
acts together yeah when you go yeah when you go there i mean the biggest problem is maybe they
picture no is then but here they pick your pocket then shoot your brains out right but i tell you
you know Miami especially Miami can try to consider itself a world class every year every time i
hear that i want to pee in my pants for example you travel the world you go to any city any
real world class city and what do they have all over the city they have currency exchange because
there are tourists coming from all big cities okay is there any currency exchange in this time
other than either at the airport which is that Thomas Crook which they give you ridiculous rates
or there's one of the sawdust which also the rates aren't all that great there and you
might have been ripped off has anybody ever seen a currency exchange joined in Miami it's a joke
well answer me this how come the world class city of Miami and its world class airport
can't even have those little cards to wheel your luggage out on right exactly there you go okay i mean
world class they i mean maybe third world but that's a little bit unlucky yeah i have a great one now
thanks for the that's for the uh reality check that's right show ever in a history of mac i would
agree with that unbelievable it all the good ones i see like okay okay one call after the more
better get the attention CD back in there i thought we were done playing music today but i
better get that back in there just one time because these people are kind of like run out of
gas better get that baby back in there five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T
wireless line anybody in the audience know who Mike Tyson is no anybody go to belagio and
anybody seen jambanese body lately
anybody got any good masking tape
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line anybody got Lawrence
uh full of uh the whole number anybody got Lawrence the Taylor's phone number
how come most athletes name Lawrence there have to be scumbags what is it
even Steve Lawrence is getting pissed off a lot
here's a payphone and sunrise hello hello yes i'm the understand man your show is great today and on
the marijuana issue i used to go out with my buddies to all of one up every once in a while i've
never been in the i'm in the best shape of my life i don't know why yeah i just don't know why
they don't legalize there's a bunch of idiots because it's america baby that's right
if you work in effing way that's right you're in clothing yes
they're wilting your hammer swing through spag okay okay two open lines in day two and
brownered five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line any of those old
committals house people call in today no and he reports on the center one thing no right
in other words basically what they're saying when it comes if you want money for any other
cause especially something that we're very suspect out of because it may have started to do with
facts even though it really doesn't if you want some money for my that's what they're saying
all those people i used to whip those checks in the mail every day i'd have walk into my room
there with a whole fistful of mail opening up envelopes that's been in fact some days there
would be so many i have to take them home after the show and just if they're all acting and
opening up envelopes taking out checks and reading the notes do we have one penny that came
into mail here for center one yet no we have one donation from anybody that works at wqa even
the janitor anybody that ever associated with his place oh thank you
opaline and brownered all three in date are waiting for you five six seven oh five sixty and
pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line
