with all the respect my bed and Jerry's friends seriously this is I even brought
in the box today oh I'm sorry fat Joe and all this and this I even brought a
save the box and I don't ordinarily like Hagen does ice cream because I don't
care what anybody says including that Dulce dorsht bag delay chain whatever that
crap is it's watery Hagen does is watery it's not ice cream it's not
gelato it's watery crap but but I have discovered my anico station on
sunrise and that amazing they have to go to a gas station is not a good ice
cream bars and finds ice cream stuff like that the Hagen does and what does it
mean limited edition I get real nervous when I see that it's kind of like what
Arby's used to do and Wendy's does every now and end date Thomas because he's
a pervert and you know very sadistic and I'll come up with something special and
once in a while think and then after you really get hooked on it another about
two months later oh well that was just a limited thing that was just a dry run
a test what that was all about it was great yeah but we're not making those
anymore was too good so it says on the box limited edition Hagen does
caramel brittle crunch I'm gonna tell you if you can only eat five of these you
are really you've got tremendous willpower all God are these good caramel ice
cream with caramel swirl dipped in Hagen does milk chocolate coating and peanut
brittle crunch oh God and the best part of the whole thing is the whole
bar is only got 33 grams of carbs which is you know more than your daily quota
but you could probably sneak one of these in every day but anyway it says to
Danny's birth and Sammy Boop about and as usual Michael males Michael may hold
the male this whole a crab he said it said that some never any names in here I
wonder who those some are it said that some are trying to turn the Hummer on
chasing the latest litmus test on race Mark McGuire has gotten most of the
attention not because he's white but because he was the first to make it to
the magic number 61 and 62 if Sammy Sosa goes ahead and stays ahead he
conspiracy to place what athletes over black athletes how do you explain all
those Michael Jordan magazine covers while John Stockton was again leading his
team to the NBA finals very simple Michael Mayo on mayonnaise head because Michael
Jordan is the best player to ever play the game he's a mega mega star the
greatest in the world as far as his fortest concert and as a household name all
over the world in the universe that's very simple and there's the answer for it
and then he goes on as if to argue with himself still a would be naive to think
race doesn't shape the way some people think and what if Sammy was taking
Andrew and not Mark McGuire and people with so and he's arguing with himself as
usual because he doesn't know what he's talking about Linda Robertson for
once in her life here about like once every six months you write something
that makes some sense in a hero which is unusual for that paper baseball
forgets to keep our eye on the ball in fact there's now all of a sudden we
got 75 million articles about Sammy Sosa and the people from a lot of
republic of Domingo Conor and these articles point out several things which
are all for reactants are watched quite a bit and I taped the rest of the
San Diego Cubs game out in West Coast last night just in case Sammy would hit
when he struck out four times by the way but hey listen and the Cubs lost the
game and the meds came back and beat Houston next to innings great great wildcard
races in both leagues especially in the national eight but was there any
celebration out there on the field after Sammy hit 62 no the cup management
to any no was but sealant the commissioner of baseball who lives 90 miles away
in the walking 90 miles from Chicago was he there to like do anything I mean
you know being the first I do understand that but the fact is these guys were
tied at 54 home runs they were tied at 55 home runs and even though McGuire
pulled away a little bit it was the first to break the record I mean Sammy
now I think most people would say he's probably got a better shot at the
hitting like more than McGuire is going to wind up with McGuire's got a bum back
and this and whatever but for some reason so if it isn't race what is it
maybe somebody out there in this audience can tell me a racial thing what is it
that causes a Sammy so should to get only a tiny fraction a fraction of the
attention that Mark McGuire got because Mark McGuire has been chosen by the
sports by the Jackocracy by the media he's the hero he's the new Babe Ruth
that's why even though Sammy sources are better athlete he's got to be the
most valuable player in the national league and Mark McGuire will not be he's got a
better batting everything he's got more of the ideas but did they stop the game
the official ceremony whatsoever oh nothing and not only that but here's another
good point was it Linda Robertson who points out one of these 400 articles and
it's very good and that is Sammy Stoße rounded the bases on his 60 second
home run tying McGuire and breaking Roger Merrick's record of 37 years ago
did the Milwaukee Brewer shake his hand no they high five low five grabbing on the
ass did they do anything did they acknowledge his accomplishment no what is
that all about huh as opposed to Big Fat Mark McGuire there that everybody
hey or high five and we're grabbing we're squeezing guys are winning from the
outfield we have a 62 Corvette but they're sure to hear from the dimension
republic well he's too dark for us you know don't give me that crap Michael Mayo
you're living in La La Land man you're just in denial very sad and embarrassing
too by the way 10 minutes after 10 to 5 to Q a L I'm not going to talk about
bandwagon jumpers and little George came up with a great slogan in fact this is
the philosophy now with a Cuban radio stations and many of the other bandwagon
jumpers better a spict than a mack in a home run race because all of a sudden
every Cuban radio station it says here champion Sosa all morning yesterday
commentator spoke of land American solidarity oh my god land American solidarity
I thought they all hated you don't they all hate each other all of course they do
I mean especially from the Dominican Republic I mean isn't that like way down
there on the total yeah way down way down there I mean here's how they used to like
stole shine shoes and sell fruit on the street to try to keep his family alive
and even screw story that's around they don't want to get in those human
interests stories okay because we're not used to that kind of stuff and even
those on opposite sides of the political spectrum found a reason to agree
Sammy Sammy that's right they're all doing it phoney bandwagon jumpers we have to
celebrate this clamor Augustine Tamarco of Radio Mambi Radio Mambi the
cheers filled over at El Padránito Restaurant on Caiocho where the typical
dishes of San Cucho Dominicano a meat and potatoes stew and Chiro Guisato a goat stew
came accompanied with what else but talk of so it's a prowess this is spectacular
said waitress Santa San Roman enders how's your brother's doing by the way
they ever get out the minute no they're still in so there you go even the
acubans are jumping on the bandwagon which it's interesting because Alex Rodriguez
like I've been telling you for two years now one of the great young players in a
game probably be the best shortstop ever did acubans talk about him no because he's
from La Bria Publica de Menecana the greatest bandic ball players are from La
Bria Publica de Menecana there you go the guys that people are embarrassed by
like Jose Can Succo well that's an understory although El Duchback did
picture great game for the Yankees last night and I saw it here I'll do
Spag to right on either that even though they blew their game getting pretty
baseball intensive now all of a sudden because this home-run thing has brought
people back to the game had them glued to their sets those who know what
tells going on oh my god we got so much crap the present by the way is in big trouble
just in case you don't know that I mean that people think that this is going to
blow over they think that because the popularity polls and most of us are
willing to say forget about this we don't want to know about if that's going to
be enough I have a feeling it's going to be a lot more a lot worse now the
Paula Jones thing is coming back and they're talking about the appeal on that
case and now her lawyers want to release his testimony in that case and put it
up there you know in big print to see that how he lied through his teeth
and the judge may have to reconsider her ruling on his testimony in that case
because since that case was thrown out the Supreme Court has ruled on another
sexual harassment case and that's that are in so on and so it just goes on and
goes on and goes on and I think the lesson all this is if you're not going to
keep it in your pants at least to keep it a secret which he didn't do very well
got major major problems there it isn't just going to blow over
speaking of blow I heard the interview this morning with Sean Burke on the worst
team as I'm coming to work oh my god you know d for how you guys all just a
bunch of little ass suckers what that morning shows all about just a little
coffee clatch of ass suckers and now here's the fine gold tender of the Florida
Panther is Sean Burke the fine gold tender instead of just saying here's the
newest member of the panthers welcome to South Florida have a great life we
wish it the best even though we know you're mediocre here's the fine gold
tender I mean squit suck it around depot will you please man
they're gonna have to have some kind of a light remember they used to call it
liposuction they're gonna have to have liposuction to replace the lips from all
the inverted sucking that goes on at show everybody that's on it it's just
one big suck fest I mean we wish him luck we hope he stops a few pucks here and
there along the way but he's a mediocre at best in fact even Brian Murray said
he's in the middle of the pack you know when you get a new player and you say
he's in the middle of the pack that's not very great
enthusiasm is it the Edmonton journal up in a city where they know something
about hockey by the way reports that Brian Murray hasn't lost his marbles he's
not given Sean Burke 4.3 million this year that's over two years and people in
the organization say Burke's base salary as well out of two million dollars a
year he would earn bonus if Pantheos made the playoffs but that's
hardly a given amen then it goes on to say some interesting things what are
they doing with the 2.4 million dollar backup Kirk McLean Captain Kirk the
jerk Murray talked to General Manager Brian Burke in July about the Vancouver
Conucks taking him back but as long as Mike Hienen's the coach there you can
scratch that because he didn't like him let me say it again he don't like him
he blows post script Florida still sniffing around that he
tried back up Kevin Hotsett if the price is right the top goal he
prospect Kevin Wakes is stupidly playing hardball
reportedly wanting a million dollars a year even though he's never won an
NHL game don't you just love kids who never want to pay their dues it says
no we don't we can't stand them we hate them like poison he couldn't stop a
watermelon even if it had a side order fried chicken with it
so there you go that's the latest on that and we still want to hear some more
spy reports from people who got over to see the arena on you know we had two
people responded that yesterday and one of them was there on Friday going in
illegally he sneaked his way in with some of the construction workers also
was either guy or was it somebody else who was fetching yesterday about the fly
over isn't done yet and is gonna be done in time for the games over there on
Oakland well here it is right in your newspaper with a big picture of the fly
over in the whole deal saw grass fly over it open for arena event
they're still working on it but it will be open in time for Saturday for a
hockey fest day from 10 to 8 this Saturday and it's perfectly safe to drive on
okay you first according to officials work still needs to be done in the
grading and slopes etc and so on but it will be open for all of the events
coming up including the exhibition games and the uh seline deon cahill the
Celine Dion culture and the first panthers regular season game october
9th it will be open have no fear don't get panicky okay so maybe some of
those season ticket holders were over there on Saturday for see your seat
day do something on your seat day might call us today but I have my doubts
all those great enthusiastic panther fans which we went through this last year
again here's north mianney hello hello no yes sir
um i don't understand this is first from north mianney by the way
um i don't understand why you have so many animosity towards Spanish people
are what what is happening you know hostility towards
I don't have any hostility toward any group of people i deal with people
one at a time good people bad people i don't have any hostility toward people
as a group what what does that mean you don't have
possibility no okay i do why why you assume that i do what did i say to make
you assume i have hostility towards Spanish people
well you you you you call them Julio's or spets yeah and what do i call a gay
people faggot's yeah i want you this i thought are we a date late on the show
i went through this whole thing yesterday if you use words that are
for georgia terms use them enough it renders the meaningless that's the point
it's a joke yeah okay i know i'll take that way then yeah okay okay
okay have a great day Bruce in north mimey beach who doesn't sound very
Hispanic to me but looks sounds like an ojohn provocateur is basically what
that's all about open line and brown it all a date county five six seven
oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line
i'm an equal opportunity make fun of them that that's what this show is all
about and if you haven't figured that out by this time then uh you know you
must adjust to need like two minutes ago and then what are you calling for
here's mirror mar hello hey no yes sir well um he people forget that your shows for
entertainment purposes yeah try to take things too seriously uh-huh it might take on that
home run race yes i feel that mark McWire did get more accolade song and dance but then again
he did break the record that stood for thirty seven years yeah what Sammy soci did you know
what he did he didn't break the record he surpassed mess and is tied for what won't be
i think he also he also broke the record that stood for thirty seven years well he didn't break it
because it already been broken i love right now he broke maris's record he didn't break
when he tied McWire but he also accomplished what they were both looking to do and that is
break Roger merris's record that stood for thirty seven years which you just told me that's
what a choir accomplished so did Sammy right you know i think was that since Sammy did it like not
even a week after mark did it that's why it wasn't such you know magnitude of uh of celebration
mark why not well i do agree that he did get the shorthand of a stick to some degree but he did get
grumpy let me ask you this how come there were no special baseballs for any of his events they
were doing that with McWire i forget how many games they were doing that with especially marked
baseballs with the infrared marking so i we'd verify whoever got it and how much it was worth
and yada yada yada how come they were never at no point if they done that with soci and they're
still not doing it i watched the game last night there's still not doing it let me ask you this
what if he would have hit number sixty three last night or hits it tonight in san diego and and
brand passes the new record what then how come there's no special balls on that point i agree with
you totally they've dropped the ball major league baseball has dropped the ball from mark require
that aspect and how come when he rounded the bases against no walkie the event after we had
number sixty two how come there was no celebration how come they didn't congratulate him nobody came
over patting them on the back even may a hug a kiss or what what was that all about well that's
the cubs organizations part because what about the bros the bros i think it was
being as nice as the cubs were think it is the cubs are patting McWarner on the back and given
him you know high-pods he was going around i think we're talking about a lack of class is what
we're talking about i agree with you and like i said i do believe he got the shortage of stick
to some degree but yeah he has gotten some recognition for what he's done you know not nearly
is not in the same category not in the same league and and what are we going to do let me
understand the point with the one or two more home ones the mark McWarran you know that's right
made that said we give him two corvets yeah i think exactly i think if he if he feeds out
mark McWarran he deserves to get of course what do you think is a better player the better player
yes all around uh i'd probably say that the better athlete would be so tough yeah because um
you know he pays any outfield he um he he just seems to be like a better athlete but as far as
hitting i think mumbacwar is definitely the better hitter the better hit the power of the
runner hitter yeah he hits him longer longer home one so they both each have their different
aspects as far as that concern right but um they're both they're both great players in their own
respect okay so um hey but neo i love you show how the great day and back to you thank
okay like jord says better the spectre the mick that's our new model baby i've been rooting for
Sammy for weeks now and it looks like he just might do it god damn it whether without his special
balls okay so maybe he don't have special balls we have an open line day one in a brown in five
six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line ten twenty seven on qm
ankle beans for another loss in Montreal tonight well you see that crowd there last night it's
eight eleven thousand i think it was more like eleven hundred Charles Alpair the qa yeah
the wear of exploding balls
probably could Lewinsky i've had a lot of time on my hands but that's not all of that on my hands
lately i'd like to tell you about a new game i just love pocket pool from hands bro
it's the handheld game i just never get tired of sure you probably tried electronic
fishermen the handheld electronic golf but a fast and furious game of pocket pool beats them all
best of all you can play pocket pool just about anywhere i enjoy it while i'm overseeing
cabinet meetings given press conferences you name it as long as people are looking me in the eyes
i could play two three even four games of pocket pool they never even know
and remember it don't matter if you're staying your own clothing because they can't make
get testified against yourself i love this game
pocket pool from hands bro paper towels on paper
i want i'll beat myself again you know the status part of the whole deal is that ill
president is a lawyer his wife is a lawyer and yet they got they've had the worst lawyers
in history mankind wouldn't you think that lawyers would be able to hire other lawyers who
would be a decent lawyer like the best bad legal advice that's what what's really going to get
is acid a ringer all those lies all those denials all oh yeah i don't remember being alone with
their about a beat but a book but about i mean just just creating this web instead of just being
elusive and evasive an elusive butterfly like bob lin who but instead of doing that uh you
know it's just very very bad legal advice and then i have to find out that robert vennett and
yesterday guess who was all over the place last night william vennett that sanctimonious right wing
asshole he was not with larry king last night which i saw about two minutes up in between all the
ball games and guess who he was debating i wish i would have seen the whole show because if i
would have been known knowing that william vennett was under debating mario quomo that you know what
that that would be like adelae stevens in debating giilbert i mean that's the kind of debate that
yes seriously that's right that though and that would that would be like uh water chronite having
an debate with ron depose that guy yeah right mario quomo debating william vennett that sanctimonious
right wing lunatic fanatic just forming it them out man oh man is shove it's we have two open
lines of date county five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line mobile in
pome beach hello mobile in pome beach okay great okay two open lines in date one and bright i thought i
wasn't really uh i was sure he said it but i couldn't believe that he said it you know i mean i
understand people say that in places where it makes sense to say it but in that particular point
it didn't make any sense to say it okay so what was the point please don't say the yeah please
okay and have a nice life up there in pome beach especially in pome beach you can't say that word
here's the north mining beach hello what do you want to know mr right okay great here's boka hello
well this is going to be a picnic here today boka yeah i was worried about a little football no no no
okay well before i wanted to talk okay thank you have a nice life yeah i wonder if we can talk a
talk the other 20 hours of the radio station about football okay anybody see the san francisco
washing in game last night oh that was a good game huh another great contest
get out of here the excitement that's going on right now is in bed is in base whatever that
sport is where they have to follow the stick like george says in baseball that's the sports excitement
going but this one dimensional bunch of assholes oh can we talk a little bit of football huh Danny
Danny this jj that same old tired boring terminal crap on and on and on and on you guys talk about it
okay go out there and squeeze that pig skin even though it's coming close to the high holidays go
out there and squeeze that pig skin anyway and have a great time doing it talk a little bit of
football this isn't a sports show let me say it for the 10 million god damn time it's the neo-rodger
show does neo-rodgers give a crap about football anymore no not unless michigan states beaten up on
Notre-Dame and michigan's getting beat other than that who gives a crap i heard hankier today you know
i mean hank is a hank you know and sometimes we agree sometimes we disagree but when he's
trying to make a case that there was offensive excitement in the dolphin game on sunday because
they had one drive down the field they stuck it in there that's that game on sunday was the reason
I gave up my season tickets five years of watching that same boring crap no offense man drive 70 yards
kick a field world drive 70 yards kick a field go if boring give me a game where there's something
exciting going on oh but they won yeah okay but it was still boring it was terminal it was coma
inducing in the idea that anybody would spend harder on money like i used to my own cash before
i got freebie tickets and go out there and spend money to park and go through all the bull crap
and sit there in the sun spits in your brains out and spend in 20 bucks for a meal for the you know
it's supposed to be entertaining if it's not entertainment i don't care how much of a quote-unquote
fan or front-running phone you are if it's not entertaining who the hell needs it i mean we know
the panthers aren't going to be entertaining but Luis will have a nice new arena and all kinds of
here's a mobile at the fall speaking that hello hello yes sir
feel if the uh close over glider deal goes down in their kind of season uh who's going to be the
the winner of the game who's going to be the winner of the game yeah who's going to be the
the winner of what game of baseball with the home run here who's going to be the winner both both
well so it's been up to bad sir let me say no no sir let me say it again both
via see you ask me a question is that a rhetorical question you want their answer it doesn't
make any difference how many at that's how many walks McGuire got they both would share the record
they both have an ice day see he asked me a question but he wants to make his own answer he doesn't
want to add the answer to the question it wouldn't make any difference if McGuire beted three times
as many times as so sir or the other way around or walk 600 times if they both have like 65 home runs
at the end of the season they share their record is that difficult to understand oh i'm sorry
haha oh this town man these people know their sports thank god i finally got to work on a sports
station that was my that was my mistake the first 21 years in this town whatever the hell it was
22 23 50 years was because i was not a sports station but now they're on a sports station now
we got people that really know their stuff baby make no mistake about it you listen to these people
they know their right in fact that's what they come up with over and over again
rap rap rap right one more rap 22 before 11 and five sir if they both have 65 the record would be 65
who has the record anybody could answer me that question if Sammy so say hit 65 home runs this
year and mark McGuire hit 65 who has the record let's find a two-year-old child out there somewhere
in radio land to answer the musical question let's talk some football hey let me tell you about
haha let's talk about yeah where guy walks up behind the other guy and sticks his hand under
his ass hey two seven sixty nine huh i mean seriously i mean i like don't get you wrong i like
football i've watched it for years i used to like it a lot more when it was exciting and it was
a real game but if there if of any of the major sports in this country if there's a
sillier sport than football i mean let's get serious in all these macho guys i forget about this
other stuff let's talk football it's the macho stuff baby where the quarterback walks up to the
center sticks his hand under his ass it's a game club you moron he's speaking of doing a Q-A-L
part of this is G Gordon Lydia and they don't come any worse than Neil Rogers read about the dolphin
game and why was terminal there was no offense it was boring two teams with no offense whatsoever
at least if buffalo would use the little imagination stuck flurry in the fourth quarter buffalo
might have moved the ball a little bit might have made a game out of it but they got this you know
this rookie this green rookie greener than a god damn line and it was terminal how they hook it any
see this is this is what it's all about seventy five thousand people go out there they've spent
their hard-earned money and they sit there and they get tanked up before the game at the
hotel gate party and they sit there and they get tanked during the game and they convinced
themselves that they're having a good time oh this is exciting and they're slapping all over each
other we're not going to be as all over each other and like you know going through all kinds of
traffic and hell but they're convincing themselves oh this is really great this is great and you know
something I went out there for five years and it wasn't great it was never great maybe once
in a blue moona was an exciting game what the hell happened with the phones we had every line on
a board lit up and all of a sudden it's you know deathfalley days they're in a big hurry today
they're in a real big hurry they want to get to the back get their cash out we have two open
lines in date one and brown five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line
mobile in Pemberg Pine hello hello yes sir hey I don't know if you know but I can hear George
when I know that yeah that's your idea it's a bonus okay cool so I got that new arena yeah were
you there yeah well I'm pretty confused about it it was unbelievable what can I say I was
absolutely in awe you know when they gave us a sweet speech selection forms to fill out
they were counting the club level I don't know why they really didn't give us a more
better picture of what it would be like because that club level is just something else
and I made the ball at least it's a pleasant surprise because like when they went from the
orange ball to joe robby we had thousands and thousands of people bitching and moaning and
complaining and many of them rightfully so that they got screwed because their new seats were a
being nosebleed or was really going to be a bad view or whatever they went over there on Saturday and
had to discover hey this is going to be great at least I think because when I when I saw the last
time a few days ago it's spectacular yeah it is absolutely phenomenal but at what a place they
could have learned a better place I'm just absolutely not I can't wait for the first game really
the first game thank god Wayne thank god Wayne spent somebody else's money wisely this time yeah right
okay I'll be the only person who has money on the team we'd be all right now you're getting carried
away I'll see you there pal okay to open he's not a pretty excited about the nick he's
sounding through no two open lines and date one and powered five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty on the mobile one line let's hear from all those seasoned ticket
holders out there are we all really fired up and pissed off about hockey already no come on let's
hear it all you sports aces out there come on let's talk to football let's talk to him a football what's
the odds on what's the spread on it the vassier of Vanderbilt game huh yeah I love that one guy called
Hank yesterday wanted to go down the list of all of his uh... and hanker blew him right out nice
going hopper this guy wanted to go down the list of all of his games for this coming weekend and who
he was betting on and a spread it I mean you know some of you professional gamblers are there I
shouldn't say professional because professional gamblers are ones that maybe some of makes a money
I'm talking about compulsive gamblers who think that the rest of us want to hear about who you're
betting on oh my god get a life jesus here's for lottery all hello yes sir what's up how you doing
uh... you think don't make sure what the distance in my hands no i don't not no i don't
don't know they don't need it uh... your funny guy like a show thank you okay okay we have two
open lines and date one and powered five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile
one line he listened to shipment just came in leave these people alone stop making goofy faces in
their okay the shipping just came in and he's back to the heaven a well of a good time there you go
they don't know Kevin weeks from a Walter weeks they don't know uh... what the hell we're talking about
they would know Sean Burke from uh... Sean who's in northwestern and called us a few days ago before
we left good luck Sean and congratulations on getting out of here here's Davie hello
me oh yes sir I have to agree with you uh... regarding the dolphins I used to be a season ticket holder
they screw me over from the orange bowl to the stadium right never acknowledged any of
my request even move I was like in the lower bowl like right when it's all
been to walk out on the first row put me in the upper deck in the sixth row nice that's pretty close
yeah yeah but uh... you know what you're right a lot of the games are it's hot it's terminal i mean you
know it's almost kind of like one decent play i mean the last best game i could remember was
against Kansas City when they came back and that you know it you know i tried to watch on tv i was so
bored i have a great wall paper oh thank you on sunday i mean anybody who thinks that was an
exciting game needs a lobotomy or else it's got the most boring life in history the human race
that was coma inducing i mean do something you know it's the same old stuff we've been watching
this for 12 years now with the dolphin they drive down the field they can't stick it in there
they can't score touch now nobody in their right mind wants to watch a game of field goal of kicking
that's not one of my my even exciting ball game of any kind you can put it in as far as a new arena
goes um i'm excited to go but i have a feeling you're right about that we're gonna have yeah
far as week goes why bother finally now well i i think they're just about uh... they're fed up
with him i wouldn't be surprised if they don't sign them at all i mean who what what if he's done
nothing you ever want to game in the league i mean give me a break this is like uh... absolutely
outrageous what these guys are doing yeah i'm still in the game okay pal i'm depressed i have a great
well he's got agents just like the president's got lawyers okay agent was got one client and he's
got to try to squeeze as much money out of the organization as he can so we can get as much money
out of the deal as he possibly can it just really said okay we got one little call left on the
board there's plastic today they're here they're gone they're on their out there and they're off
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line to the care about clinton
no they care about so so they care about the new arena they give a crap about anything
five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty on the mobile one line i think we reached the
end of the road it's time to take a few days extra off beside just that vacation next week that's
already coming up i think like a few extra days could be well spent put the good use
this is just unbelievable mobile in four-letter day oh yes hello yes sir you know i went to the arena
um better as a link at the feet yeah i had what when we had gotten the uh we had been close to
either club level or you know man there yeah and what they did was they of course we had to
send in our deposit and pick one of the two uh-huh we never got to go to look first which i wanted
yeah so we picked the club level a little afraid because you said they were pretty nice but i
didn't get anyway and uh they had a little higher than they were in the arena you know i
because i was on the second level in the arena but i had pretty good feet on the second level
yeah but there i would say they're just a hand and higher but the first row yeah on the club
level is to die for right i mean it's absolutely terrific actually i'm on the third row but
all i got to tell you something they just that arena is awesome i just hope that they treat you
you know good there like uh but you know they treat you pretty easily at joe robby i guess but
in a club level but the seats are very comfortable up there okay thanks in good reading material
too by the way you tell you thanks though uh i know so okay i have a great day film what do you say
we have two open lines in any are these people excited today or what oh my god these people are
fired up and pissed off they're whipped up to a frenzy i would say one step like one hair away from
coma level we're talking about the club level forget the club level we're on the coma level
five six seven oh five sixty five sixty on the mobile one line is sammy social the victim of
racial rate raw whatever it is a bunch of bigoted americans is that what it is uh there you go
does anybody give a crap and if they're tied on the last day of the season if they both have
a hundred and fifty home runs who wins the home run championship that's our pool question today
if they both have six hundred and seventy five home runs for the year on the last day of the
season who wins it at the end of the last game who wins the game oh that guy was great who wins the game
oh my now is this Andy from hollywood is that why you have so many questions marks hello
hey new i wore yes Andy from hollywood that we don't talk to i told you call me after the season starts
okay but plug and maybe then if i'm in a really good mood i might talk to you i'd rather sit here
begging for calls for four hours straight and never even get one tickle not even a far bad uh uh wrong
number then talk to you and at idiot Mitch we're not going to go through this crap again any more
than i'm going to repeat the mistakes i made this last season after i first came to this radio station
of having people who are allegedly friends of mine telling me what i should say on a year oh you
can't say this and don't say that i'm about to be but i'm about i'm not going to go through that
bull crap again and go through all that political horse ball of the organization their thin skined
organization and we're so concerned about this and you can't say that and it was uh yeah right
i'll show you whatever the hell i want to show you okay and you'll like it and you'll chuck it right
up and have it for breakfast shuffling chuck attached all this bull crap all these idiots give me a song
in advance when you're instructions on what i'm supposed to say i'm not a puppet like some of
you people out there they can be manipulated and have about people put words in your mouth
professional little ass suckers we got more than enough of that this time already professional
little ass suckers there are dime it doesn't they're all over the place ponds shills you come up with
the name whatever it is two open lines and date five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the
mobile one line in fact the greatest day in the history of the human race will be the day we get
rid of Wayne High Pingo all together so that maybe somebody in this town can actually go on a
year besides a couple of us and give their opinion without worrying about whether they're going to
get their next paycheck or they're going to get canned from the organization here's Miami lakes hello
Neil yes sir oh you sir great great show love it um you know this is having a soulful thing he hasn't
done anything yet he hasn't broken the record yet i mean i agree that uh well what what do you mean he
hasn't done anything yet he did it right over the same thing that mark maguire did right
Neil but you know the media i mean you know he hasn't done anything people want to see
he hasn't done anything i mean he tried it but he hasn't broken it yet hasn't broken it yet
he broke why he broke the births record he broke your marises record personally i think he's uh
you know a powerful pound better ball player how come how come okay if that's if that's the thing if
they're waiting for him to go ahead of maguire how come there is no there are no marked balls
he could have gone ahead of maguire anytime the last bit bad on uh sunday or he could have done it
last night okay how come they're not marking the special they don't have special balls they're
like they did for uh for big Mac i guess you're right about that but i mean i like again i think he's
a better ball player and i think he you know he's taking it in stride no that's not the point but
the point is how come we have a separate set of standards for one guy who's a big white guy and
another one who's a black guy who came from being a schlepper and the Dominican Republic
you're right huh you're right you're right you're right you're right you're right you're right you're
a baseball who's nothing but an asshole and i really do mean asshole but sealed how come he can't
make the big trip from Milwaukee to Chicago on sunday to be there like he did for mark maguire how come
the game was non-national television i said terrible how come the game last night wasn't on
national television now come ESPN couldn't put it on as a late sporting went after after their
uh billiards or whatever they're putting on their pocket pool how come they couldn't stick that
on their last night newt you think uh i think i have any intention to sell the panthers sometimes you
bet yes sir go out there in the tell john henry that the hockey's better in baseball wait near i love
the radio show love the tv show um can i hear a question you don't have a great day
date county is wide open five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line
date county where's all our people from alama republic and a minute conner they out there
let's hear from you okay all you dominicans out there whatever that means
let's sit down and have some keva without over lunch what does that fried goat
what that was that oh goats do jeez like i said you guys first not us
ten fifty seven at five sixty q a f real rotten
god
hope we forget night sky cuz it's black and all the jones is our new poster day
we saw the elves above on a seven hundred clubs and nothing but happy can it was his name
yeah
we're right
oh and need a cave
and
the bush
and
we've lost the door
we're all the three
why
and sperm
and
we all
again
and rest the same and hate the gays and jesus name and fear the things that we don't understand
oh
right
will his face could stop the bus
so i think we all should give our dick a hand
and
ninety six will be in swing and beat the dims like a rod making
we'll dump the red and blue just keep the white
a black limba set a straight just don't let him near your plate
and hope there's no more books for him to ride
we're
riding
and need a cave
we're
find a bush
and
and then we've lost the door
where mostly white
and
sperm
and
and
and
and
and and
and
and
can
some children
everything
acts as this from care
from
where
time
research is found that extra doses of the naturally occurring homo
and can reduce his appetite
possibly will put him away to fight the battle of
the balls in a study by Danish researchers working in conjunction with the team from Harvard
Medical School a group of 20 people were given a hormone GLP one intra intravenously
then offered lunch.
What do you laugh about?
I haven't finished it in your already laughing.
It is kind of amusing to me that they were offered lunch.
They ate 12% less than needed when they were put through the same process with a placebo.
GLP one is secreted normally by people's intestines when they eat.
It goes into the bloodstream and eventually to the area of the brain that controls the
appetite called the hypo thalmas.
Scientists surmise that GLP one tells the brain when a person is full it's time to stop
eating as in that's it.
Cut the crap.
Giving people additional doses of the hormone reduces their appetite.
I think that this new idea that I might actually control appetite and be a form of treatment
for obesity is pretty provocative.
Dr. Joel Habner of the Harvard Medical School sounds Jewish to me.
Happy New Year Dr. Joel.
Unlike the other recent obesity treatment such as pen pen and redox which have been found
to have severe side effects, Habner says GLP one appears to be safe.
Appears to be safe.
So far it hasn't caused any problems.
He said it's been given hundreds of individuals over the five to six years and they're still
alive.
I mean they are rolling on the ground and making gutterable sound but they're still alive.
However, there were limitations to the study.
First of all, all of the subjects were of normal weight.
Oh, this is, they were all of normal weight.
So researchers will have to perform additional studies to determine if GLP one will work
with people who are overweight.
What do they do in fat studies on people who are normal weight?
You want some lunch?
No, I don't think so.
I had a piece of watercress for breakfast this morning.
I don't want no lunch.
Also they have to figure out another way to administer the hormone because an intravenous
drip as you then the study isn't practical.
Anybody ever have an intravenous drip?
But Habner says he thinks GLP one is a pillar of tablet could be on the market within two
to three years.
Oh, let's eat now.
And then in two to three years, huh?
Let's go out and have our hogganda's caramel brittle crunch bars right now and in two
to three years there'll be the magic pull-of-be out there.
Oh, right.
Sounds like a bunch of crap to me.
Give it to a bunch of skinny people.
Great.
Probably give it to a DT.
We have an open line and date five six seven.
I know a lot of people would like to give it to five six seven oh five sixty and pound
five sixty on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Hi, I'm wondering if something that I don't think's been discussed a whole lot.
And that's what Jimmy Johnson plan on doing one day.
Okay, we have an open line and date one and brown at five six seven oh five sixty and
pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line.
Why are we discussing the dolphins today?
No.
No, if there are any comments about the dolphins, I'll make them.
Okay.
If there are any comments about Jimmy Johnson, Dan Moreno, John Avery, anything having to
do with football, anything about going to the dolphin games, I will make them.
Okay.
Other than that, we don't discuss football.
Michigan State beat Notre Dame 45 to 23.
Michigan got clobber 38 to 28 by Syracuse and a game that was one sided and the final
score it was 38 to 71 point.
Connecticut, how lopsided it was.
FSU got beat by a girls team.
Huracun's beat another girls team.
There you go.
That's the end.
That's all we need to know.
San Francisco beat the crap out of the Redskins last night.
The Redskins suck.
There you go.
That's the football seminar for the week.
What else do we need to know?
Anything?
No, there you go.
Something up in a nutshell.
We don't need but I'm about to meet.
But I'm about to meet this and Danny this.
You know, even if I did do a sports show, I couldn't handle it here because it's the
same repetitive one dimensional boring terminal.
Boring is the word I'm looking for, sir.
Boring.
You understand the meaning of it, sir.
Boring.
Just like Jimmy's hair.
It's boring.
God.
Just like watching Roger Cossack on here again.
Jesus man.
Look, what can I turn on?
I don't care even if they impeach him today.
I don't give it.
What give me a channel?
Something.
ESPN 2 208.
Exercise shows.
No, I don't know.
They don't have any good guys on that thing.
Maybe they got some hot babes with phony bigger.
Huh?
290 prices, right?
290.
The price is right.
Is he still alive?
Jesus Christ.
This guy, he's got like shocked white hair.
He's 175 years old.
And he's still alive.
Man.
And he's still running around trying to save little fur things from getting killed.
It's 1109 at 560 QAM.
That's what what's your name said?
Huh?
Was it Diana with a, Diana with a Parkinson's disease?
Isn't she the one that said that?
What a boy.
Bokka music.
Why is it why is that Bob Barker music?
Uh, Boga Brian gave it to us and I stuck it in there.
What does it have to do with Bob Barker though?
That music is not his music.
What do you mean his music?
Whatever.
I didn't, I didn't bring it in here.
Hey, for all you internet hoppers out there, you want to get on the net?
I mean, on the search that web, immediately you live in out sooner and check out the latest
on penis gate and come a lot and all these other scandals and maybe get on there to do
something worthwhile.
I checked the market and buy some stock and sell some stock or get in some of those real
nifty chat rooms with a bunch of perverts.
Whatever you want to hop on the web for, the way to do it is with mine spring because
this is the fastest way to weave through all of the BS.
No busy signals, no ads, no crap.
You're honoring just a matter of seconds and doing your thing on the web.
Mine spring is the best deal going and right now they got an even extra special, the
list is in this program.
Mine spring will weigh their $25 activation fee.
They give you the first 30 days free from the day they sign you up and their award winning
software which is rated by the experts the very best in industry and very easy to use.
It is yours absolutely free.
And when you do make the call, you might want to check out mine spring's no risk pre-payment
option which is going to save you an additional 10 to 15% off your monthly charges.
So you save a lot of money, you save a lot of grief in the BS with no more busy signals
and no more ads.
You hop on the web immediately whenever you want to do it.
Pick up the phone and call mine spring today.
Tell me heard about it on the near Rogers show column tool free one triple eight M spring.
That's one eight eight eight M spring.
This is five sixty QAM.
Are you guys sports radio five sixty QAM?
Me again, Bob.
Dush when you're done tonight.
A hysterical channel.
Famous radio my old stories.
A reenactment of radio's greatest moments performed by the multi talented Leo Dynamo.
Lemme my dad's.
What what what what what what what what what what.
Oh no the prison question.
The prison question.
Oh you imagine.
Oh you imagine.
Oh no.
This is one.
The bomb is going.
The phone all around.
Boom boom boom boom.
Uh oh.
I think I was wasn't telling you when shot or a clock.
These don't send her time or was that.
Oh that's what times two.
What?
What was it?
The giant was a president.
The giant wind of panic.
The giant wind of terror.
The giant wind of terror.
What what what what what what what.
The giant wind of what the giant wind of the moment.
The giant the giant will wave and wind will be.
The giant December 11.
And the golden ones will the day of the day of the day for the.
What what what what you tell them Lenny.
What what what what.
This is your.
Lenny Martez reenacting famous moments of radio tonight.
Only are they hysterical.
Why do they all respond to the questions?
Why do you all respond to the questions?
Who would have the idea of all the ideas by the answer?
Where?
Where?
Where do you all respond to the questions?
Why do you all respond to the questions?
Why do you all respond to the questions?
All right.
All right.
Welcome to the QM School of Broadcasting.
Here's one of our prime graduates.
Nice going, Luddy.
We love you, sweetheart.
We love you, sweetheart.
Here's how you are.
Here's uh Miramar.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello, Nail.
Yes, sir.
You know, uh, the other week on my wife and I will mark a watch and mark the choir.
Yeah.
I told her I said, now you watch when Sosa breaks the record.
It's not going to be the hoopla.
It's not going to.
He's not going to get his just uh rewards.
You're on like Mark McGuire.
And uh, it wasn't a racist thing.
It wasn't anything concerning race.
But I just had a feeling that he wasn't going to get the same recognition as McGuire.
Hi, I just I don't understand it.
And I think the people of baseball people ought to be embarrassed and humiliated as hell,
including the cup management who did absolutely nothing there on Sunday to arrange.
I mean, you knew he was right on the verge of it.
And certainly he's got the ability to were three on any given day.
And they had nothing planned.
No commissioner, no law ceremony, no 62 Corvette, no specially marked baseballs, no mirror
as family understands, no hookup with the mark McGuire on the full, which would have
kind of say, no nothing.
True.
Just a lot of tremendous fan enthusiasm, which especially in Chicago, you know, that's
going to go on and they're writing and raping.
But other than that, nothing.
And then last night, like I said, here he's on the verge of hit in 63, which most of us
think you'll probably do it before McGuire.
And uh, nothing it was just poor planning.
I'm handy behavior with the Milwaukee Brewers.
I want to say this that I want to repeat this over and over again.
And maybe the fact that they're owned by that asshole bud ceiling, maybe that's got
something, maybe it rubs off on them.
Totally without class.
I watched that game.
I still got it on tape.
Absolutely unacceptable.
He's rounding the base.
And he's just in a 62nd old one.
There's not a high five.
There's not a grab as there's not a pad on the ass.
There's not any acknowledgement whatsoever that anything special just happened.
Unacceptable.
Shameful.
Shameful.
Hey, Neil, when you used to work on the beach at WKAT.
Yes, sir.
You say I was young lady in the reception area that used to take all your mail.
And I think her name was Amy nice young Jewish girl.
Amy?
Yeah, she was kind of heavy.
I'm a little of her who was too dark to be Jewish.
But I don't know Amy.
A young Jewish girl kind of a little plump, a little plump.
Nice long brown hair.
Oh, Monica.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
Well, I used to deliver the mail there.
Yeah.
And here, as you're talking about your mail problems the other week, how long has that been
going on because I'm sure you haven't always had problems with your mail.
No, I think it's just why I changed the address since I got a private box.
That's how long it's been going on.
And other than that, we haven't had any other problems with your mail service.
You mean over all these years?
Over all these years.
When did your problems start?
Other than the fact that it's slow.
Because it's been changed in the Postal Service.
Right.
Like five years ago, they came up with a new system called DPS, which automatically sequences
the mail.
DPS is that the dumb Postal Service?
That is what it stands for.
It's supposed to be delivery points sequencing.
Yeah.
Okay, but as soon as they change and that takes the mail out of your normal letter carrier's
hands and a machine sorted.
And then you get mail from Bumfub, you get mail from everywhere.
Bumfub, he said, yeah.
Bumfub, yeah.
That's what you get mail from everywhere because your carrier no longer cases the mail.
He does cases some mail, but he doesn't case all the mail.
I think it's case in the neighborhood, the mail man I got.
All of a sudden, pal, have a great day and say hi to Sammy.
You too.
All right.
What do you say?
Okay, we have an open line in broad, five, six, seven.
It's only a month and a half later.
I'm still my mail is still a trickling in.
It's, you know, I have a day where you are.
You know, you just reach the point where you don't care anymore.
I mean, I'm our magazines like all up to date.
No.
Have I sent out a bunch of stuff?
Does that mean, like satellite TV week?
Did I get that this week yet?
No.
No, it's a good through Sunday.
So, you know, just one of those say it takes time.
It takes a few months and that eventually they will wear you out and you give up.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Baseball is boring and it's okay.
You okay?
Well, thank you so much for waiting all that time.
17th, almost 18 minutes.
This guy waits on the line to tell me that baseball is boring.
Well, you know, sir, I can't imagine anything that could be boring in your life to be holding
on the line for 17 minutes and 57 seconds to get on the air for like four seconds.
Tell me baseball is boring.
You don't like it?
Guess what?
Don't watch it.
I don't give a crap on you watching or not.
The most exciting thing going on in America today as far as sports is concerned is the
major league home run race in baseball.
There is nothing that's even close.
Baseball is boring.
Okay.
We're impressed.
We're tremendously impressed by your lack of a life, sir.
And believe me, over these 22 years, I've talked to many people in the same vote as you.
No life whatsoever.
Not a glimmer, not even a blip on a radar screen as far as a life is concerned.
If they would hook these guys up to one of the one of the callers, a silo scope, whatever
that thing is.
And then it would just be a straight line.
That little bleep would be just going straight on point.
I'm going to tell you it's so hot in here today.
We could fry eggs on the console.
We could have lunch dinner breakfast.
Open line in date County 657 05.
What is it?
567.
I don't know what they'll I'm talking about after listening to that.
18 minutes of this guy's life, he waits on hold on a phone with a phone stuck in his
tent.
Tell me that baseball is boring.
God am I impressed.
Here's Weston.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
What is everyone want to talk about Jimmy Johnson?
I have no idea.
Hey, I may have put my finger on it about women and why they I just don't think they get
the show last night.
I'm watching the show at 10 30.
Yeah, I tell my wife I didn't want either show last night.
It was too wrapped up in my baseball.
It was very good.
It's wrapped up getting bored.
So my wife I tell her she's in the bedroom.
Yeah, I tell her to put on the show.
She's been listening to you for like five years.
She turns on the show and the first thing is I didn't know Neil was a Yamaha.
I thought that was pretty funny.
No, not terrible.
Just the pressing.
The one you had on the last thing.
The one you had on the last thing with like a good fit.
You actually look like a nice Jewish boy.
I don't want to look like a nice Jewish boy.
I want to look like an idiot because somebody wearing a beanie on her head looks like an idiot.
That's why I'm wearing it.
I don't want to be a nice Jewish boy.
Oh, but that's part of the point.
You're not beanie on your head.
That's that don't think it's the man am I supposed to hold a sign up saying don't look and I look stupid wearing his beanie on my head.
Don't you guys get it?
When it's a pope, the cardinals, the red socks, the Jews, whoever it is.
I mean, it's a stupid idiotic thing and especially when the holidays coming up and all these beautiful obedient Jews that are going to go to show for their one time of the year.
And they're going to stick a beanie on their head.
Why are they doing it?
Yeah, my mother's like scrambling for high holiday tickets.
I'm like, why do you go once a year?
You know, unbelievable.
Hey, I also know the shirts you wear.
They seem to be you have them in every color.
Yeah.
Okay, great day.
See, there you go.
I mean, didn't we transcend that three months ago we got off of which shirts I'm wearing and what color they are and with a year on.
But that's what you're dealing with because it's a visual medium and God forbid these people should actually figure out what the show is all about.
And what I'm talking about and this guy's taking it.
Tell me his wife don't get it.
Open line in date County 5 6 7 0 5 60.
We want to hear from somebody from our public a minute kind of a day.
Don't wait.
Come on, somebody that's whipped up to a friend.
You about Sammy Sosa while they're eating their son coach or Dominicano.
Whatever the highlight is, what is that?
Oh, it's meat and potatoes stew son coach or Dominicano.
I like saying that though.
I repeat the Dominican.
God, it's got a nice ring to it.
You don't want to go there, but it's got a nice ring to it.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Miami.
Hello.
I bet his buddies are citing his beliefs.
Yes, sir.
Hey, me.
I got a question on the statement.
Do you think of the racelink between McGuire and King of Virginia?
Do you think the reaction would have been different?
No.
And the statement is, I believe that why America can't stand a black man being better
than anything over white man.
Yeah.
It will be a double slap in a face if it was a black Dominican man.
Yeah.
So, do you have any reaction on that?
Do I have any reaction on what?
If it was, if it was, if it was, if it was, a black man.
I agree with it.
I don't think that it would be any different.
I think that the media has chosen Mark McGuire.
There is the great white hope.
And that no matter who else does it, especially if it's a black guy,
they're not going to get the same kind of notoriety as Mark McGuire.
He's been branded as the innu-babe Ruth.
All right.
Thank you.
And God bless you, sir.
And good luck to you in America because it's a racist country.
Make no mistake about that.
The darker your skin is, the less we like you.
And, sir, I'll see Griffey probably would get more attention because he's not so dark.
He's almost kind of like light chocolate.
And looks pretty good, too, by the way.
King Griffey, Jr.
Sammy is very, very black.
He's got a bad complexion.
He's got a great, I love Sammy.
So, he's got a great sense of humor.
You watch his press conferences.
A funny guy keeps talking about his Flintstone vitamin.
And baseball has been very good to me.
He's got a sense of humor.
He appreciates what he's gotten here.
Here's a guy that came off the street, a schlepper that has made it as a multi-millionaire
and I live in an eight bedroom condo on the lake in Chicago,
that at least is grateful and appreciative of what the hell he's got.
And these people, they don't give a crap lesson.
And I'm going to tell you, you football people, you are the scourge of the earth.
I'm not talking about just football fans because a lot of people are including me, football fans.
I'm talking about you, one-dimensional football people who live diet.
You are idiots.
You're morons, you're imbosils, you're simpletons.
I'm embarrassed by you.
You're taking a valuable space that living and breathing people could be taking up.
Everything else is boring to them.
And like I said before, and they can't deal with the truth.
They go out there to a hot, sweaty-ass place with a bunch of drunks, 75,000 screaming idiots
and they convince themselves they're having a good time like on Sunday.
And I got news for you.
It didn't take me 17 minutes and 57 seconds on Sunday of staying on hold on my TV.
On that spot on the dial on Channel 4, which they spent thousands of dollars to put that swill on here
to convince myself that I was being bored.
It took me about two minutes and click.
And then I came back a little later, another 30 seconds.
And click.
More of this crap.
Click.
See ya.
But if you want to pay your hard earned good money and to be bored to tears, be my guest.
There might be the Panther season last year.
I'm not going to sit here and tell you that we weren't getting bored to tears.
It got to be a chore to go down there.
At least now it's close by.
I can walk home in a minute of the second period.
Stay screw this already.
I'm going to stop at the saw rest.
Or I'm going to stop at the Amico station.
It's on the way home.
And give me a hog and a half caramel.
I'm going to get two of them.
Caramel brittle crunch.
Two of them then I have two sticks.
Each dog can lick off the remnants of one stick.
Why?
Oh, they love doing that.
Don't you?
I shouldn't give you dogs chocolate.
I'm talking about what you live.
Do you think I leave any chocolate?
I know some...
I forgot who I was talking to.
Mr. Edyot.
I'm both sides.
And then they get just the aroma of whatever older.
You used to be chocolate.
I'm young.
That's pretty good.
You know like that.
You idiot like I'm leaving chocolate on that stick.
I'm so sorry.
God.
Crazy man.
Jesus.
You think I would like my letting them lick out the inside of the fishboot container
before I did it first.
God, what a dumbbell.
Do you think I got this fat by letting my dog suck up all the good stuff?
You are really slow, Mr. Spick.
It's 11.27 and five years, especially those of us who love a good Stogie at the track.
But now it's a fact there's no question about it.
And if you're going to smoke a Stogie, you might as well smoke a good one.
Or soggy Stogie.
That's my warning to you.
If somebody brings you a soggy Stogie, tell them what to do with it.
Or somewhere, but not in your purse.
Believe me.
Or Monica.
Happy birthday.
How did you know it was my birthday?
I'm psychic.
Oh, isn't that nice?
I'm physical.
Huh?
I said happy birthday.
And thank you.
And that too.
And happy New Year and happy on Happy Young Kipper.
Yeah, everything.
Happy Brom.
That too, and happy Sookas.
Yeah, but the sad thing is that my air condition is sprung a week.
Uh-huh.
And the man is here right now.
Well, the man can do a wish you happy birthday.
Yeah, and that's it.
Does that man listen to this show, the air conditioning man?
Wait a minute.
What?
Oh, he says, uh, this is high.
His name is Gwen.
Hi, Glenn.
How you doing?
See, Glenn's a listener in this show.
I never go in that head.
There you go.
Happy birthday to Glenn too, whenever it's birthday.
I'll tell him.
Okay.
So take care.
Have a happy.
And stay cool.
Yeah.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
How do you like that?
It's your birthday today.
Happy Brom.
We have an open line of Dave Watt and Brad.
So this thing about the, uh, see, you can't win no matter what you do with these people.
When I used to wear the old polyestered Jew pants and the old Cuban polyester shirts.
Oh my god, he's the worst.
Thress or be sloppy.
And I didn't really give a crap, but I used to take a lot of crap for that.
Now I come in here dressed like a munch without no polyestered Jew pants, those low riders.
And wear my nice Tommy Hulla Funger finger, uh, whatever these shirts are.
Right.
And, uh, looking almost human released from the neck down.
Oh, while I was the wrong color, and I was this and that, unbelievable.
And they still look at the thing about today, I'm going to stop wearing them by the way,
because I insist I will wear them till the day they take the show off like November 26th.
I'll continue wearing it.
Because, uh, it's ridiculous.
It's, it's idiotic.
And why are these people going to go to show on your very soon?
Roger shot in your home, K, for the high holiday, holidays.
People who couldn't give a crap about any of this stuff, but they've been conditioned to do it.
And the reason they would give you is it's tradition.
That's the word we always hear tradition.
With slavery tradition, a bigotry tradition, a, uh, sexism tradition, hatred traditional.
Yeah.
All of those things are tradition.
Does that mean we should continue doing them?
No.
Because they didn't make any sense when they started doing them, and they were unacceptable and ridiculous.
But because people are conditioned into being a little puppets, little Mary and S,
Oh, we've been doing this for years.
We'll go put the thing on our head, the schmathon.
Why?
That is the question I would ask you today.
Why in God's name?
How come I still can't find that thing?
Did you move it?
Oh, everybody.
Oh, I hate that.
Why?
Yeah, why the hell are you doing that?
And I believe me, I don't expect any response to it because I'll get the same response I did the day I talked about people standing up for the prayers of the football games.
And then I hear Defoe the other day talking about how he introduces the guy.
See, that's why Defoe's a little show, a little ass sucking show, because he's got 7,000 different.
This poor guy, I feel sorry for him.
He's got 7,000 different jobs to try to eat out a living.
He's got the TV show around Wamy.
He's got the radio show.
He's got the Saturday trade-out show where he tries to, you know, trade out a few, whatever he can get for the house.
A few freebies.
He's got the panther thing.
It comes out to be twin periods.
He's in talk about sloppy pants, and he's doing that thing.
Then he's out there at the P.P. Park, the stadium formerly known as, and he's doing that stuff.
And introducing the preacher and introducing the half-time show.
I mean, to give the guy credit, he's working 30 hours a day.
But how many jobs does it take to eat him doing the tennis show, and a golf show, and the highlights show, and the dog track show?
This guy's on air read.
He's flipping that channeler's Defoe everywhere.
He's all over the place.
He's like cancer.
Air beware, spreading like a disease.
But I'll give him a much response about tradition and the beanies, as I did about how come people stayed up for the invocation.
When it doesn't belong in a sporting event, none.
Zippity drug. I had like a half a dozen people, and most of the liars, I'm sure.
I don't believe that those people are called in here.
Sit down through the invocation.
I don't believe it.
I went through that thing years ago when I was a season ticket holder begging people,
how about a few thousand of you join me?
Let's start something.
And if the NFL finally gets winded, that people are getting offended by this, they'll stop with this crap.
It doesn't belong here.
I mean, we'd like to be going into a public restroom.
Okay, before you sit down, hold it.
Hold it. Let's say a prayer before we, let's hope that everything comes out okay.
Okay, now you can go.
Insanity.
Lunacy.
You can condition the human race.
You can condition people to do almost anything.
Anything.
You know, they talk about hypnotists.
You know, and I got to be honest with you.
I'm not so sure that I believe any of this stuff where they should, you know, they snap their fingers and people are falling down.
I don't buy any of that.
That's a vagus show kind of a thing.
Yeah, that's a gimmick.
But you can brainwash people into doing virtually any guy dancing out of the sun.
And then we ask them, how can you do it?
Ah, I don't know.
It's tradition.
Everybody else is doing it.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, how you doing? Great.
I got a couple of points to make about the migwires.
So, what's the thing?
Yes, sir.
I hope you'll hear me out.
I'm listening.
First of all, racism.
You know, we've been holding our breath for 37 years for someone to do this.
Okay, somebody finally did it.
I think of it with the white guy, trailing the gwire, you'd see the same let down.
Because people are trying to over it.
They got it out of their system.
It's been done, you know, and now this guy comes along.
And I think what he did is awesome too.
I think kind of America, it's kind of over it in a way.
They're over it. What does that mean?
I just think that they've been waiting 37 years for it to happen.
The hype was at a fever pitch.
This guy finally did it, you know, and people just try to have a taste.
And they go again when they were tied.
They were tied at 54.
They were tied at 55.
They're now tied at 62.
Well, McGuire pulled away from him, you know, and the guy got there first.
But look, this is my big argument.
I think first, I can kneel.
If McGuire and Soats were playing ball and the professional down at Dominican Republic,
going out for the most hollowed record down there, do you think for a second those people will be going from McGuire?
No.
But they're not all racist.
We're the racist ones. They're not.
What about Mexico?
So what are you saying?
This is a white country?
No, what I'm saying is it's nationalistic pride.
More than anything, this guy is quintessential Americana.
Soats does not speak English, man.
I know this.
Yeah, you're absolutely wrong.
He speaks very decent English.
He speaks with an accent like this.
People don't relate to it.
And I don't think it's racism.
I think a 10-griffy junior has been the one right after him.
People, you would have seen more of a showing for him because that guy's going to be your...
Wait a minute, you know what you're arguing?
You're arguing with yourself.
I'm not.
You just made the argument that McGuire did it and then we...
People are tired of it.
And now you're saying if Griffey would have done instead of saying...
You're on the same thing.
Even the same thing.
If McGuire got their first people would have been over it.
I think you know what I'm saying.
You're just...
That's not what you just said.
Why would they have given him a warmer response?
Because he's not so dark.
I'm saying that we're making my argument for him.
It's a bunch of reasons.
Thank you. We made a good argument. That's right.
That's right.
It changes the complexion of the whole goddamn thing because Sam is a lot darker
and can Griffey Jr. is a lot better looking and a lot lighter
and he's got a candy bar named after him.
And quite frankly the guy's right because Griffey Jr. is the best athlete
in all of baseball.
Anyway, right?
Absolutely. No question about that.
So what does everybody bitch in about?
I mean, the guy makes the argument for me.
It's a racist thing.
I mean, he's talking about it in the Dominican Republic.
The local guy against the white guy.
This is supposed to be the melting pot.
This is supposed to be...
And again, I've been telling you for years it doesn't work in this country
because for a multitude of reasons.
How come you go to other places? You go to Amsterdam.
You go to Toronto. You see all these different...
Oriental, excuse me, Asians, whatever the hell they're calling them, Gooks.
You see all these different people from all of... people from Pakistan.
All over the world. They get along.
No problem.
But in America, it just ain't working, baby.
There's something wrong somewhere. There's a chigger in the wood pile.
Twenty-two-noone and five-six-two-eight.
Can't beat that Gator me.
Yes, last night was either Dave O'Brien or Jo Angel.
I figured which I flip over there for like one minute.
And they're making a comment about some upcoming thing at the PP Park.
And about there's some activity it's going to be going on that's for free.
And they said, oh, Rimmer will definitely be there for that.
Joe Rose is doing entire spots for Arby's,
built around the fact that Rimmer's a cheap skate.
They're doing it on television on the Marlon games.
But I'm the bad guy, okay?
The guy that buys all the dinners at Ruth's Chris,
I'm the bad guy because I tell it the way it is.
And by the way, do you know you're getting really old?
Here's a mobile in Margate. Hello.
Mobile in Margate.
Okay, great. Boy, they had a cute up in me.
But how long I didn't see the time on that.
How long did they pass gear around with that?
Twenty-a-shrinets.
Twenty-a-shrinets for that.
That was good for like about a quarter of a second on a year.
Excellent. They're almost as famous as the other guy
with the 17 minutes and 52 seconds to tell me
how baseball was boring.
Yeah, it was pretty boring in Detroit last night,
even though it was a meaningless game,
that went into extra-innings so long that it wasn't even in the paper this morning.
Chicago's 17 and Detroit's 16.
That's pretty boring.
We have an open line today in a match winning an extra-innings,
pulling one out of their ass.
That's pretty boring.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
prompt 5, 60 on the 18T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Neal, I can name that tune in two seconds.
Uh-huh. Listen, if I were to send you...
Who said, Chaco.
She saw you wearing the thing
and she just thinks you're just like this devout, you know?
Drew, okay?
Oh, my, a devout, Drew?
There where's a side-settle over the side of my head?
Oh, well, the thing is,
if you were to wear something like, you know, like with the Pope wear,
that little pistachio-shell thing on his head.
Yeah.
Or that.
Hello.
I would love that.
Yeah, well, how about if I send you a bunch of them?
Because to me, all religion is crap, you know?
Right, that's my point.
And I think if you were different stuff, you know,
like a cow head one day and a Buddhist-the-vader.
Absolutely.
Okay.
You want the address?
I know.
It's in the middle of tomorrow.
Okay, thank you.
God bless you.
We're delivery.
Okay.
And it must be pouring cats and dogs.
I can hear it hitting the side of the building out here.
We lost the satellite signaler for just a second about a half hour ago.
It's raining cats and dogs because it's upset.
Yeah, this business, let me say to you one more time, you know?
I mean, I can't change it and it isn't going to change.
But this is such a racially motivated thing.
The fact that here we got two people who are like neck and neck, nose to nose.
And you know, maybe they just kind of jumped the gun a little bit
because they were coordinating this guy.
It's like calling an election over like they do in the city of Miami.
You know, like halfway after the votes have been counted when you got the ones that you want.
Okay, the election's over.
You're in.
Maybe they should have waited a little bit.
Of course, they had to have some kind of a spontaneous celebration because he did break the record.
But nevertheless, before they coordinated him and decided to giving him all these gifts in the car.
And this and that because now they've backed themselves into a corner because you got two guys with 62.
You still got about a dozen games left and suppose they alternate, suppose Sammy hit 63.
Then the glory hit 60, but then here's 64 and they keep going back and forth.
They can't have like 500 celebrations.
They backed themselves into a corner.
They only got so many 62 Corvettes.
And by the way, speaking of that, because I noticed our friends at Potemkin to it advertising with 99, the two of us around.
What is a new Corvette?
Come out.
I'm a little worried about that because we had that GM strike for about a month there.
And I certainly am Jones in for one of those great new 99 Corvettes and still trying to figure out where I'm going to buy one.
Since I seem to be having all these problems.
Oh, it must be you.
You're a hard ass.
Yeah, you ask any of the people I've ever bought a car from.
I'm the biggest sucker that ever came down a pike.
I walk in the door.
I look around.
Oh, there's the car that I want right there.
How much is it?
Okay, here's a check.
Here's my deposit.
And that's it.
I'm going to write it up.
There isn't an easier guy to sell a car to in the universe than yours truly.
But then after the fact, you know, things get screwed up.
You're bang up the car and they give you back a piece of crap which happened in one place.
And then in another place, they hook you up with that FU bank up there in North Carolina.
Whether it's slogan is FU, no matter what the problem is.
Oh, it's you again, FU.
Yeah.
What you took me like two months to finally get the right, the right to payment book with the right account number on it.
Because the FU bank up there was so big they were asked to know their elbow.
So I'm a little bit concerned about those 99 vets winning hell are coming out and who's going to have them and etc and so on.
Not that I'm looking for a special deal.
When it comes to cars, I always play a pay cost plus 10.
A list plus 10.
How about that goes?
Here's Miami.
Hello?
Mr. Neal, you haven't seen the new Corvette yet?
The 99?
I've seen the pictures of them.
Oh, man.
You need to see one in person.
It's like a spaceship.
Who's got them?
Oh, this guy is a Yacht Club.
That's a bit of a Yacht Club.
He has like a silver one that's off.
Were the hell to get that?
I don't know.
It's this old man that he can't even, I think he parked it there three days a week.
Oh, I, Mr. Neal.
Yes, sir.
Are your friends with Bill Sanders?
Are my friends with him?
I know him vaguely.
Are my friends though?
I'm absolutely not.
Are you?
I thought that you were his lover.
No, I'm not. Are you?
No, you are.
Oh, okay. Thank you so much, Faggot.
We have an open line of date.
5, 6, 7, 8, 5, 6, 6, 8.
Oh, that's another one of the guys with the stories.
This guy, the old lady's got the 99 Corvette or some old guy and Bill Tanner's driving his kid around in it.
Whatever the hell it is.
I'm in a real good mood today.
Okay, don't mention Bill Tanner in the same breath.
Here's the Coral Springs.
Hello.
Hello, Neal.
Not my type.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing?
Not anybody's type.
Okay.
As far as the race issue with this whole thing?
Yes.
I think it goes basically back to if you're in a race or not.
People in every race.
What does that mean?
People in every race, they're good people and they're bad people.
So you should treat people the way they treat you, right?
Right.
And then forget about the race issue.
But if you're actually in America, that doesn't apply.
Okay?
I think so, Amigua are two class equalized.
Right.
They both treated each other nice.
Right.
They treated the media more than some other ball players who have treated on the...
Absolutely.
What do you think if it would have been Cheffield pushing them, right?
No one would have cared at all for Cheffield, right?
We'd have been cursing under our breath.
Exactly.
Okay.
So when you look at it like that,
why does Old Sammy from Credit 2 because the competition pushed them to get to this point?
How difficult would it have been for the commissioner of baseball who's a real piece of crap?
Right.
How difficult would it have been for him to be in Rigglyfield on Sunday or in San Diego last nights in San Diego?
I mean, I was on the verge of going ahead and taking a lead in this.
And show some respect, show some tangible, visible evidence that he gives a crap,
and I know where to be found.
In fact, Chip carry on the GN last night.
I was proud of my was screaming.
I was so happy.
Took a couple of good shots at Bugs, but he said,
I know you're watching, Mr. Commissioner.
Too bad you couldn't be here for this event.
And as far as people saying, there is no racism, racism, and baseball.
Yeah.
That has been since day one.
You know what that's like saying?
It's like saying...
There's no fact in the church.
Yeah, just that.
It's ridiculous.
Exactly.
It's been there since day one and still exists to this day.
Amen.
Okay.
And as far as the 62 vets from a wire.
Yeah.
What do you think they would have gave Sammy a 62 Toyota Corolla?
An old brown beat up Corolla.
Absolutely.
Have a great day.
All right.
Right on target, baby.
Oh!
He's got it.
He knows it.
The two on.
One on there, she goes.
Number 63.
The three of them are big back.
You got company.
Now, how come that was non-nation wide?
One of the most exciting moments in my life.
In this asshole before, I waited 17 minutes and 57 seconds.
Tell me baseball is boring.
There was more excitement in that one moment.
And at one swing of the bat than all the NFL games on Sunday.
Combined.
Combined.
Put together.
Period.
No argument.
No questions.
That's it.
They're still screaming.
Yeah.
We're excited.
And at one moment, then all the stupid ball games.
And I'm, he doesn't have to be that way.
It's just called mediocre.
I mean, New Orleans is too.
And I mean, what does that tell you?
So many bad, bad, horrible, crippled up garbage teams.
And people, like I said, they go there and they try to pretend to themselves.
Oh, this is an exciting event.
This is great.
We're having a great time.
Aren't we?
Aren't we?
No.
Oh, yeah, we are.
Give me a break.
Philadelphia.
And St. Louis Rams.
And Tampa Bay that was so highly touted.
All new Orleans in Atlanta, Falcons.
And all these horrendous grotesque, terrible, terrible, awful Indianapolis cults.
Yeah, the dolphin fans just screaming two weeks ago, hey, we went up there and beat the cults.
They pounded the crap out of us up there to the last year.
Yeah.
They look real good against the New England.
And then they, oh my God.
Just rampant mediocrity.
And if you think that if that's your idea of excitement, more power to you, baby.
I'm real happy for you.
Five minutes before noon at 5.60 AM.
So how long is it going to take before these people understand that I'm worried about Judah.
It's going to be going to the high holy days and Russia's show and you know I'm kipper et cetera and so on.
Not.
I just don't get it.
We should have made, we should have made a deal that they would have to be on at least three years on Wami on the TV thing.
They would give people enough time to catch on.
I understand what it's all about.
Because man, you talk about slow.
How long does it take?
I mean, I'm wearing a goddamn Yarmulka right now.
I like patch.
I got her over one eye and he's still okay.
Oh, it's very serious.
He's a very devout Jew.
You know, he keeps saying over and over again.
He hocks a trinocaine.
You know, guess what?
Or the people that are very religious don't hock a trinocaine.
You know, they say, castle hoist.
Yeah, I guess they do.
Especially if you drive on shabby.
Get that off.
Get that out of there.
Crazy old Jews at the wailing wall.
They're wailing on it.
When there are scissors in their fillin
and all that other ridiculous stuff,
it's all a bunch of bull crap.
That's the point.
That's the point.
Who the hell do you think wrote all those old bubble-mishes
and you'll test them in a bunch of crazy old Jews?
Abraham, Abraham Solomon.
Don't be knocking Abraham Solomon, okay?
Oh.
That's right.
He's the only one that had any idea what it was all about.
We have an open line at day five, six, seven, oh five,
six, and pom, five.
Let's get rid of this prank call and South Beach.
Hello.
South Beach.
Yeah.
The whole run record for a single season hasn't been broken yet.
And when Sammy got to the end of the season with the record,
it's going to be a lot more important with the coronavirus
and all those rigour calls.
Okay, thank you.
Okay.
Why did you have court remarks next to that?
That was a very articulate call.
Just because he was in the bag.
We have two open.
That's what Sammy said.
It's in the bag, baby.
Two open lines at day five, six, seven, oh five,
six, six, six, six, five, six, six, six, six, six, one.
It's a pretty sad day when I really call the day
to the day of the cop.
How you doing, Neil?
Okay.
Let me ask you something.
I thought that the teammates of Maguire chipped in and bought him that car.
You sure was majorly baseball.
I don't have any idea.
I didn't see that that happened long after.
I mean, I wasn't sticking around at midnight to see the ceremony
until two in the morning.
Yeah, I think it was his teammates and if that's the case,
then I think a social teammates could have done the same thing.
It could have taken a bit more serious.
And I think the real thing is...
How come the CUB organization didn't plan any kind of stop the game,
have some kind of a ceremony?
And of course, it was kind of different, although they did get the guys
in both cases with the baseballs, but how could they be sure
because they didn't even mark the ball?
They were no special balls.
Yeah, that was wrong with that.
I mean, what they're basically saying is if you're a white guy in America,
you could have special balls, but if you're a dark-completed guy,
then nobody cares about your balls.
How do you like that?
You might have a point there.
Yeah.
White guys have special balls is what they're saying.
Why aren't they showing more CUB games on the TV?
I've been seeing more Cardinal games this year than I've seen in my whole life.
I think now with them tied, they should be putting on more CUB games.
Does WGN have any say-so about that?
I don't know.
I'm sure that they wouldn't mind if it had the editors.
I don't know how the deal goes.
Well, the test is going to go.
I thought that Fox was doing all this extra stuff
and then I read in the paper this morning and Barry Jack asked for it,
so it must be a bogus.
I read that they're cutting down the cover.
He's next couple of weeks now.
Yeah.
They're cutting back.
Because on Sunday when they had the football game on ESPN,
they could have put the baseball card of the ESPN team.
On the Duce, right?
On the Duce and they didn't do that.
I haven't listened for up.
They suck.
Well, anyway, you have a great one.
And if Stoße was a cardinal, he'd have been gone.
There you go.
All right.
Okay, Dave County's wide open.
All three lines open today.
Did we hear from anybody from our Republican and Minicom today?
No.
Are they busy eating at Chivo, Wissado?
No.
They don't even know what that letter is.
They don't know that the Minicom Republic Chivo, Wissado,
it's some Cuban thing.
It is.
They're serving it at El Pardminito.
I've had it, but it was made by Americans.
Chivo, Wissado, is an American thing?
It is where I've been.
Kind of like Chigwevera.
Okay, 5667-0560,
Pomp 560 on the mobile one line, in-date.
Here's the Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
A question in the comment for Lily White America.
Mark McGuire hit 62 first.
The question became how many Mark McGuire going to hit.
It's so so, it's 62 first.
The question still would have been how many Mark McGuire going to hit.
Now, my question to Lily White America is,
what are you going to do when the human backstasm winds up with 63,
so so winds up with 68?
Yeah.
That's my question.
How about we take the car away?
I would like to see and take the car away,
because I think Sammy Sota has bigger balls anyway.
That's fine.
Okay.
It sounded like Woody, if he asked me, doing a voice.
That's okay. Good call, everybody.
Call us again next year.
We have an open line, and date one and Broward,
5667-0560, Pomp 560 on the mobile one line.
Does anybody care about this stuff?
No.
Of course not.
No, it's all the women calling in here today.
No.
Just our friend, the thanks for calling, lady.
That's it.
Rest of these women.
They're busy investing in the president again.
You know, I took that poor yesterday,
and the thing that really shocked me,
maybe people just didn't want to answer,
they didn't want to be vague,
so they said either resign or repeat,
or leave them alone and stay in office.
But my answer is I can't take any more of it.
I can't stand anymore.
In fact, give me off it is.
What's on 290?
Is Bob Barker under-saving animals again?
Oh, CDS news.
Oh, that again.
Oh, now we're talking.
It's John, but hey, Ramsay,
it's almost two years later.
We're coming up to Christmas time, 1998.
It was found December 26th of 19...
Yeah, it's almost two years now out there,
a boy with a Colorado.
And they're working a little bit slowly
because the old man had a lot of cash.
That's what it was all about.
Let me trust you, though.
Yeah, that's right.
They're working very slowly on that John,
but hey, Ramsay, murder case.
And we just maybe, maybe when they feel like it,
and they get around to it,
they'll let the brother talk to the authorities,
or maybe they'll come back in them,
and they may know if they're in the right mood,
or not.
What kind of a goddamn investigation is that?
Do we have justice in America?
No.
Do we get justice in the OJ case?
No.
What do we got now?
Some said, beach, okay,
let's get some good naked people on there now.
Now, that's what we want to see.
Some good, young, flesh,
tan, not too dark,
kind of like Malcolm.
See, that's what Sammy Sosa's problem is.
He's too dark.
I'll guarantee you, if Malcolm
from the young in a horny,
if he had 62 home runs,
he'd be a...
They'd be grabbing him.
I'd be grabbing him.
I'll tell you that.
I'd be chasing him.
Here, and even if he don't have to 62,
here's for Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I have a question.
You know, the first thing about Sosa McGuire,
you know, my head's off to Sosa.
I'm a big...
You know, I'm just a big baseball fan.
Yeah.
Big two home runs is great.
But what I think is,
I'm saying even more than anything,
is the race issue.
I agree with you 100%.
I feel that Sosa was slotted.
I feel a lot of what you feel.
But...
Well, what would be the reason other than that?
Give me 20 or 30 other reasons.
Well, what...
That's why I call that what's mainly...
I'm saying to you the most,
is that the people that are mainly calling
and complaining about the racism,
are the black people.
They are?
I've only had a couple of black people
calling here today all the whole show.
But I'm for two hours.
Did you hear the first theme this morning?
No, I did not.
Yeah.
You think I'm going to listen to that show?
No.
Well, every other call,
well, Goldie wasn't out of it.
It was mainly Joe that was taking care of all the calls.
But, um...
I mean, they were really just ridiculous.
Well, that really...
Well, wait a minute.
But do you expect white people to be calling in
and sticking up for black people
as far as a racial argument?
I mean, that does make a lot of sense.
No, it's not about that.
But what I'm saying is,
every time in any situation,
when you hear whether,
forget it's even baseball,
but it's anything in general in life
when it goes down to the racetrack.
I mean, if a ban Troy Ackman and Steve Young
from the gay Olympics,
do you think that straight people
will call in and bellyic about that?
I doubt it.
No, I'm just saying,
in general, I kind of have a problem
with every time there is a racist issue,
regardless whether it's sports
or baseball or just life in general.
It seems to be the black people that go playing.
And the black people...
Well, wait a minute.
What do you mean by that?
This is the same.
The last time I checked Sammy Sosa was black.
If people believe that their people
be the group to which they belong,
of which they are a member,
of which they are a person,
is being discriminated against.
Who else would you expect
to be complaining about it?
Right, but what I'm saying...
I am not using the king white.
Or Louis the king was black.
Yeah.
Okay, absolutely.
So was he fighting for rights for white people?
No, he was fighting for rights for black people.
So what, I don't understand your point.
The point I'm trying to make is that
whenever there is a situation
that comes up where race is brought into it
and evolved into it,
the first people that we'll call in complain
are usually the black people.
Not necessarily.
I said yesterday,
I think the most things can people in this town
are Hispanics by far.
By far not even clothes.
Well, when I started talking about
howling Dale and the old people
on howling Dale years ago,
the old Jews were carrying on.
They were trying to get me off the years.
Sonny Rosenberg and I crowd.
There's not anyone group
that's got any, you know,
a stranglehold,
any lock on being uptight.
Yeah, it's...
But in the meantime,
now that you've made that allegation,
what do you think the reason is?
Why are Sammy Sosa being slited
and why was Big Ugly Mark McGuire
treated in one way
like the all-time hero of the universe
and Sammy Sosa is almost like an afterthought?
I agree with you 100%.
And you complain a lot down the media.
Yeah.
Absolutely.
I said that the other day
also waited on the public observation.
That absolutely correct.
Absolutely.
You know, it's not fall to the major league baseball
that he did not take away the major league baseball.
Well, but he looks...
It's but he looks fault that he wasn't there in Chicago once Sunday
or out in San Diego last night.
That's his fault.
Well, he's the commissioner of baseball.
You and me also share the same opinion on Bud Seale, too.
You're an asshole.
Yeah, well...
He is.
You put it better than I could have.
Okay.
All right, Neil.
Just wanted to talk a little bit.
Or keep in mind,
we had a lot of white people calling same the same thing.
All right.
Okay, I have a great opinion.
What do you say?
We have an open line,
update one and Broward,
567-0560,
POM-560 on the mobile one line.
What he said on you,
darkies out there,
quick complainant so much.
That's what he said.
Let's hear from some people
who are just lightening up a little bit
as what he said.
Lighten up, get some chlorox start working on it.
That's what the orchestra leaves like Ross Perot would say.
And do, do, do, do.
And lighten up a little bit.
Because America likes...
They like black people who are like not black.
They like...
Like I said, just a minute ago.
They like Malcolm on the young and a horny.
Guys who are very...
with very light...
Give me a like Harry Belafonte's daughter.
I can never think of a serious at her name.
Harry Belafonte.
They love her because she's beautiful.
She's got big gazongas,
and she's not too dark.
She's not...
When you're real, real like jet black.
Then all of a sudden,
and it's a whole different ballgame, right?
Am I right about that?
Uh-huh.
Yeah. Don't get too dark.
Ten minutes after...
Sports radio,
560,
Q-A-L,
click it and stick it.
But it's for its back in the early, uh,
Valentines in the 20s.
Guys like Ty Cobb and Babe Ruth,
they had to work their way up in the white leagues
before they were allowed into a major league baseball.
The white leagues.
Huh?
You think I'm just making that up?
Uh-huh.
The white leagues for white guys.
We have an open line in date,
5667-0560,
and 5667-0560,
on the mobile one line.
Here's Hi, Alia. Hello.
Yeah, I need a like I got a spot report for you.
Uh-huh.
I was backstage at the Power 90 Speed Concert.
They have the other day.
Uh-huh.
And you wouldn't believe who has a girlfriend.
And Riki.
Oh, Griffin.
Oh, Griffin has a girlfriend.
Okay, great.
That's good news. We already knew that.
Okay, we have two open lines in date,
5667-0560,
and 0.560 on the mobile one line.
How come it is that little spigs can't call us with anything?
Can't address any of the things,
whether it was the president we talked about yesterday,
whether it's Sammy Sosa,
no matter what it is,
they've got their own little agenda.
They've got stupid little stories.
They've got stuff they want to,
you know, this, so what's your name?
The uh, the uh, the uh,
the uh, the uh, the uh,
the uh, the uh, the uh,
the uh, the uh, the uh, the uh,
the uh, the uh, the uh, the uh,
the uh, the uh, the uh, the uh,
the uh, the uh, the uh, the uh,
the uh, the uh, the uh, the uh, the uh,
the uh, the uh, the uh, the uh,
the uh, the uh, the uh, the uh, the uh,
the uh, the uh, the uh, the uh, the uh,
the uh, the uh, the uh, the uh, the uh, the uh,
the uh, the uh, the uh, the uh, the uh, the uh,
the uh, the uh, the uh, the uh, the uh, the uh,
the uh, the uh, the uh, the uh, the uh, the uh,
the uh, the uh, the uh, the uh, the uh, the uh, the uh, the uh, the uh, the uh, the uh, the uh, the uh, the uh, the uh, the uh, the uh, the uh, the uh, the uh, the uh, the uh, the uh, the uh, the uh, the uh, the uh, the uh, the uh, the uh, the uh, the uh, the uh, the uh, the uh, the uh, the uh, the uh, the uh, the uh, the uh, the uh, the uh, the uh, the uh, the uh, the uh, the uh, the uh, the uh, the uh, the uh, the uh, the uh, the uh, the uh, the uh, the uh, the uh, the uh, the uh, the uh, the uh, the uh, the uh, the uh, the uh, the uh, the uh, the uh, the uh, the uh, the uh, the uh
because all year long, the thing that everybody has talked about who has any interest in this whatsoever has been breaking Roger Noise Records, that's the standard 61 and 1961 and 37 years ago, that's the all time record, that's the most important record in all of sports and they've both been uh, you know uh, trying to break that record, now they both do and look at the difference in the response and the reaction of the uh, of major league baseball, the commissioner, the team organizations, the uh, the team that was on the field and it's interesting that Leon McGuire did it,
the cubs and social routine was on the field and all of the cubs high-fived and
uh... you know grab asked with the choir and sammy came running in all the way
from right field and embrace them and they had a big ceremony but in this case
uh... with the Milwaukee Brewer is totally classless and the but see the you
know put a stamp right on these guys they said
mell yes sir
yeah you know i i i'd like baseball going back like you did and i really went away
from it not a met fan and uh... you know to the panoramic and the sixty two
home or i mean i'm getting some interest back to you know even on the met
and i got to tell you i hope that so so it's a honor to all runs this year i
hope he's the one that comes out with more than this was a slap in the face of
this guy you know it really was a disgrace in his family and so on i think they
should be a shot turned off again by this by the end of the guy to cause before and
says we know if grippy even though griffy's also black if he would have done it
uh... there would have been more because he speaks better english and he's like
more american well what the hell does that mean
not what does that mean
i've been three days these are ass-9 people the guy from the Dominican Republic you know
which puts out more baseball players per capita you know what does that say about
forget about the united states where you're from what color this man has done something
that's so impressive he gets on a hot street like he did that that in june or whatever
what he's gonna hit by it by the way that was the all-time major league record for most
home runs in one month twenty by not mark muguay or sami sosa twenty in a month of june
i would mention that
i mean some more b.i.c.s independent way
i mean i'm not a part of the nvp and
