You know, I'm sitting here getting all ready to do the show and now it's, uh, it's up for grabs. I think I'm playing music today.
What?
And you know, you know what? We really be great, but of course we can't do it because we work for a bum fork operation.
There's all those great jingles I got back there, but I can't play them because they're on cart and our cart machine died.
Do we have a cart machine that works in this joint? No. All of cart machines, they went out. Yeah, look, guess what? All our stuff is on cart.
What a shame. We may have to play music with our, uh, with our new jingles like, uh, it's, it's, it's, it's my, uh, the towel.
Rack. I've got five seats. Oh, WQ.
Yeah, there you go. Yeah, we got all those great CQL W jingles and WLS and the old QAM jingles from back when this was a really popular station, which isn't anymore.
But I have never in my life heard anything human make a sound like that.
Fat Joe was in there blowing it and his nose too. I, you know, it's like a cartoon thing. You know what I'm saying?
In other words, like I said before, cartoons like in Batman, uh, WAM, pow, there are sounds that nobody really makes in real life.
There were people with orange and purple hair. And that was a sound that like living and breathing humans don't make.
But the fact you're in there is blowing it big time and his nose too. Speaking of blowing, by the way, how's Maddie doing?
Well, we got the message across last night. Anybody see that show on WAM? No, I did. I also saw the little, uh, I don't know what you call it, that embarrassing little piece that Maddie,
let's see, nobody else in the world would ever do that. That would be like my coming on here to hear this morning and playing a message from Greg Reed before the show started saying, well, you know, Neil Rogers says I'm a cheap bastard and I lie a lot.
And I haven't paid George's bonus and there were a bunch of wannabees, etc. But I wish him well and here's a show and he's an asshole. Something like that.
By the way, even though it's not very exciting watching somebody read an article, but it was a great article and I liked it.
And it said what needed to be said. And so the card is gone and the cap is gone. I told you, there's a message in there.
It's not being done just to be outrageous, just to be an asshole. It's being done to send a message. And I think in a four hours yesterday, we can evade the message.
Merriana is a very, very benign piece of crap, meaningless. It's not even worth talking about. It's so silly. The Merriana law. There's reaffirm madness all right in this country. The government and law enforcement.
They're the ones who suffer from reaffirm madness. They're crazy about it. They're psychotic. They need mental health about it because it's a cottage industry, of course, combating it, forcing these laws.
And I'm thinking to myself coming to work this morning while how come if Merriana so bad for the government is so concerned about just like with cigarettes warning the surgeon general is determined that faggots may be dangerous to your health.
Well, we know that. I was thinking of faggots by the way, you know that maniac from what healthy from Kansas.
Yes, from Kansas is going to be the one that boycotts all the funerals of anybody gay. They're going to be showing up in Wyoming.
You know what I'm talking about that that crazy preacher is there of course that's redundant isn't crazy preacher. The love filled Christian guy, the love filled Christian guy that shows up there and funerals of gay people.
And then they run around with all these crazy signs and a pervert and God said this and God's punishment. This man's craft helps. Isn't that his name? Yeah, the reverend films because all these homophobic castles are reverence.
But nevertheless, when you get a candy bar does it say on a candy bar anywhere on the rapper warning the surgeon general has determined that sugar make lead to obesity diabetes coronary artery disease and maybe death.
Demple disease, etc and so on. 2DK. Brandy K. Erotic behavior. Hyperactivity and children are any of those warnings on candy bar boxes.
Serial loaded with sugar. No, the government doesn't give a crap about us. It's all it's all for show. It's all pretense.
But they justify this marijuana business by saying well it's bad for you and it's you know, hallucinogenic. How about caffeine when you go out and get a coffee.
When you go to the diner and they give you a cup of coffee, they give you a sheet of paper that says warning the surgeon general says that caffeine maybe has it as to your health and make you hyper and psychotic and give you the Hershey's cord and stuff like that. Do they tell you that? No.
So they selectively are trying to be good for us. That's right. They pick and they choose and they get hysterical and they whip everybody up into a frenzy. Oh, this is bad. This is evil in our young kids. Once you start smoking one joint. If you inhale one time, you're going to be doing LSD and heroin and all of a sudden crap.
Now come to find out what are the kids dying from their their sniffing. Did you see that air freshener and all of a sudden crazy stuff.
Because society has taught them that you know, it's great. You got to get high. You got to get high. I mean, what tells life without getting high. This is what they learn from their parents and their grandparents and all these other crazy people who know nothing about getting that that's all they always get high on what I work for WQ and that's good enough for me.
It gets me a big high every day. Well, maybe twice a month when that paycheck comes through. It's a big high. Hi. So there you go. God. What a bunch of garbage. So there you go, Maddie. The cap is gone. And you know, you have to what you have to do to deal with people like this is make them feel like they won. He won something. I can see that I took the cap off. Well, yeah, but I don't hope for our show here yesterday on legalization marijuana and it made a lot of sense. So you didn't win anything. But if it makes you feel bad.
It's better to feel that you won something and that there was some kind of a battle of the minds going on there. Great. More power to you. Can't go back to Israel. You asshole. What did I mention that he's an asshole that I mentioned that you have today. Maddie, Lesham.
I mean, you're in industry joke. Everybody in the in any industry. I'm not talking about television. Forget about that. Anybody I can assure a pair of business knows you were jackass. Forgetting about television, which you got nothing to do with.
So we'll find out if maybe anybody saw that show last night and saw the postcard this big controversial card evidently Terry Jackson at the
Harold thought it was important enough that they put another article in the paper today. Where the hell is it? What I do that got some meal at night back on
here at Wami host and spat. That's how important it was. Was there anybody in this audience that saw that show last night? No, it saw the postcard with the joints in the
ellipse. No, there you go. Because nobody's watching that station because when you have the same newscast on 72 times and the same old washed out episodes of
Mash on 400 times. It's not conducive to too many people to an in plus the NBA's on strike. Right. Serve them right.
Ten million. We're waiting for the heat games. Will you got a long wait sweetheart. Ten minutes. He grabbed my junior on 18 to 560 WQ.
So anybody out there in this audience see that Wami show at 10 30 last night. No, they see the big postcard that there was all a big
concert. How I'm about. They run all our kids running around smoking weed today and going to all certain parts of town to buy it.
I almost had Liberty City. They don't have to go to Liberty City. You can come right down here. Come to the station. We'll give you an
autograph picture. You can wander around in the neighborhood. There's lots of Jamaicans all over here selling the good stuff sprayed with
perquat. You'll be dead by noon. But at any rate. See there's no impact because there's nobody watching that show.
I don't even know why I talk about them at all on this show articles in the newspaper. Terry Jackson writes a follow up in a
hero today. I'll come on here this morning thinking that maybe people saw that. I'll need to look at this postcard. For example,
Terry Jackson writes the the many tempest resulted in a set of and so on. Rogers agreed to put away an Amsterdam postcard that
offended the station. How could it offend the station if it could be on there for 27 minutes last night. But if it's only on
during the context of a discussion about the subject, but Maddie says it can't be a decoration in the studio. So in other words,
if it's on the air, you assume that anybody who might see it is listening to the discussion that's going on. And of course, we know that
everybody who watches television is always listening carefully to every word hanging on the words, right? No, of course not.
What shows you on the on the face of it how ridiculous it is. Art Bell by the way is off the air. Those of you which
doctor people out there, you know, Art Bell NBC is obsessed with art Bell by the way did the thing last week about him on the
Today show. I'm just surfing the channels because I've never seen any show more boring in my life than the today show. And any person more boring than Matt
Lauer by the way, what is the big deal with him because he's on television. Oh Matt Lauer is getting married. You know what? Who cares?
Who cares? He is as sexless as a fruit fly as boring as dog Dung Matt Lauer, but he's on television dummy. Oh, excuse me. So anyway, Art Bell comes on
evidently last night or whatever. And it's interesting because they had all the cameras there. So it was like prearranged not that it was a publicity stunt to
announce that well because of his family and he can't tell anybody why, but it's not a publicity stunt. It's his last broadcast on here. Maybe the
Martians are coming to take him off and out of space since that's the kind of show that he does. And one of the thing that really got me that he's on he was on 400
stations with 10 million potential listeners. Art Bell putting irresponsible people on there talking about being bitten by vampires and all kinds of other
bizarre things and the spaceship is on the way. I mean, just the most irresponsible nonsense. But he's off because the Martians are going to whatever the
story is. Maybe he's a drinking cool later. He's eaten tapioca pudding or something today. Maybe he's doing his door. I have no idea. And speaking of door
a knees. Yesterday, all you people at the networks out there hope you're really proud of yourselves because once again, we saw beyond a
shadow of an out that Tammy Faye for once in her life was right when she said, media is sick and they pop out. Here's this crazy thing going on up there in
the conures Georgia, which thank God it's the last one, by the way, because Virgin Mary is tired of the food up there. She likes the child better in
Batavia, New York. She's moving here next year or someplace else. Here are these crazy, crazy people up there to hear the message from the
Virgin Mary, the overwhelming majority of them, by the way, it's about 90% old women and a few younger women and about 10
men and a few little kids that got dragged along for the ride because they couldn't afford a babysitter. And the media covers
this like it's a real news story. It was on every network to news telecast last night. It was on CNN every hour on the hour all day yesterday. And you know how these people, especially on CNN, especially when they got two of
them sitting there, two of the anchors and they passed comment back and forth. They make editorial comments and stories. Oh, what a horrible story. That was in
Georgia, you know, they always have editorial comments, but when it comes to anything that has to do with religion or in this case, pseudo religion, they are scared,
craplessly. They don't dare say a word. And they sit there with a straight face like, like, this is a real story like, well, these people come looking for a comfort and healing.
These are crazy people. How come when we had the do-ray me people who were crazier than a bed bug and they, you know, they found all the bodies. How come they, you know, past judgment on that?
Without really coming out and saying it, they're these people are crazier than hell and they're all dead.
Man, they were chasing the Bill Haley comment.
Is what they were chasing and he's dead, by the way, just like they are. Although I tell you one thing, they didn't have that little
pig tail on their forehead like Bill Haley. So at any rate, congratulations again to the mass media out there for showing your lack of courage, your spinal
lessness and your cowering to anything that might be construed as a religious exercise. A bunch of crazy people, a hundred thousand crazy people in Conjures, Georgie yesterday to hear from the Virgin Mary by way of this woman who sounds like, I don't
know, have you heard her speak? Sounds like she's on helium. Sounds like somebody stuck a bicycle pump up her rectum. She's like, got helium from head to toe.
And the Virgin Mary says that read about a lot. Yeah, it feels like a 33 RPM record at 78. She was kind of like our car machines before they got died. She better watch it.
Okay, look at this tremendous response on that show. Why did I even waste my time? Why do I even talk about that television show?
Is there anybody listening to this show that has gives one who'd about that thing? No, I've an empty not got two calls on the board.
You would have thought that after this card got on him, there's been all this hysteria about it that I would sit down here this morning before I even open the mic.
Here, V line would have been lit up saying, hey, what was the big deal with that or what a grotesque that was? You better not put that on here or whatever.
Do they have a opinion about it? No, they watch it. No, they care about it. Maybe they're watching the anti-game in that bad. I'm firing again, which I'll get into later.
Here's Miami. Hello. Morning, Mr. Neal. Yes, sir. So, so last night, you're so influential. I went straight past being a weed addict and now I'm on methadone just because of that postcard.
I really want to know why is it that why me is making such a big deal? I mean, I guess they're trying to like give this facade of being a real broadcasting channel.
I mean, there are bush leagas that get so wide out. Why do they care if you're doing something that's a little bit pushing beyond the look of the look on there every night? Drag queens, you name it. The drag of Miami is not like drag queens that wear me. That's so what their stations all about.
What is so much worse about you know, you talking about the weed, you showing the postcard with all the facts in the mouth.
I mean, over 10 or like that, like 10, for example, that's almost pornography in a way. I mean, not a one I don't want to sound like no kind of right wing lunatic or anything.
But I mean, it's flesh. It's the pleasures of the flesh. That's what they need is a lot more flesh on that situation. I've been saying that since they wanted to. If they instead of having that asshole, I think is off the sports down at the light,
I think it's a lot more complex. Black asshole that would do the sports down. Chris McTwatt instead of having him on there. What they ought to have is like, you know, some of the people from tens one guy and one chick on
here real hot looking guys are in the dressing very scatly, you know, like invading suits playing grab ass on that sofa. Then you get a tune in audience and if you do a little oil wrestling on there would be good.
You know that like one of the lot of mud wrestling because then you can't see anything. I'm talking about the Chris go, you know, something like that vegetable or wrestling get a 40 share. I guarantee you.
I'll pick the contestants. One of the hosts on that kind of frequency by the way is like a chain or like a chain smoking cigarette smoker. Yeah. And you're going to tell me that he smoking faggets on the air.
Smoking faggets on the figure got faggets in his mouth on the air and then we're going to. Uh huh. Maybe Maddie less than the fact that he smokes faggets. Maybe that's why he doesn't care so much about that. Yeah, but you know,
he's asking me to ration out would be well, that's legal. Okay. See that the point is it's not a question whether it's legal. The point is if little kids were tuning in during the summertime when that
stuff was on there watching the guy smoking weed on a year and watching people smoking cigarettes on here. They're impressionable and allegedly that's what he's so worried about with the marriage.
We need that's what he's allegedly concerned about. I just don't understand how what rational. Exactly what do you say there at the end? Something about something about that. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Calm down. I'll go.
I'll go. Don't gurgle with corrocks. Please. Okay. We have two open lines today and two and brown. This thing is off to a spectacular start today. Like I said, thanks to Tracy Newley for the great Moton stuff. She sent me today. Man. We're sitting here like pitting the speakers here today.
We got a bouncing off the walls to that. We don't have any good speakers here today. Like I have it home. Those big thousand dollar speakers to that. We don't have some great bow speakers on the walls here.
So we could like rock the whole damn building and put those people at power 96 down all the shame with that crap music. They play 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a mobile one line. We got one call on.
Here's a mobile and color rage. Hello. Mobile and color rage. Good morning. Yeah. Yes, sir. How are you doing? I guess I'm going to call you. Yes. You're only call that guy. Whatever he said,
that's in something was pretty funny to. If I mistake, I caught the beginning of your show yesterday. Can you can you believe this? You and the other guy are the only two people that watch that show. We know why do we can't break the
squiggly lines and I just know the watches that damn thing. Remember what I said it was by by accident. I was serving new channels. And then I saw that disclaimer in the beginning,
which I thought was pretty funny. And then, but what I noticed during the show is you know, you had the postcard on your hat. Yeah, but the camera angle kind of been a
let it show. You know what I mean? Right. It was kind of looking up at you. You know what I mean? So you really couldn't see the postcard. Yeah, well, that's the camera that sits right
under my back. Go have one of those in here too. Right. Exactly. So that's, you know, basically what I saw, but it was a good show. I heard the show during the day. So that's
basically in the eye. But when you saw the postcard and you could make out what was on it, you can kind of make out what was on right. And then I can kind of
see the, the pie show posting all. Oh, yeah, well, that's obvious. That's the inner. That's not going to open the
pie show. He's pretty much what I saw then, Neil. And did you find that the card was in any way controversial or like, of course,
nine that's ridiculous. Previctually. Okay. And if I can have just one special request with this, whatever guy that went off the air yesterday, he's
into all that UFO stuff. Art Bell. Yeah. Yeah. Blue hand. Please. Okay, you got it. Thank you. Okay. See.
Art Bell. They're coming from outer space and there are vampires biting me on the neck right now. And they've got millions of
listeners 400 stations. This guy's on. I'm sitting here in Miami. I can't get like half a dozen calls at one time. I'm being on a big TV station.
Last night that we had articles in both newspapers. And then the best part is they asked me, oh, was this a publicity stuff? Like somebody's
watching that thing? Good. Gravy, baby. Here's a mobile in Davie. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. That's probably nothing wrong with it at all. That show.
Absolutely nothing. I don't see enough an offense to the bar. I think it's funny. I'm getting tired of trying to find out when you're on all the time.
I count on you at 10 30 most of the time, but they just screw that. Well, the other two or three weeks, you won't have to worry about that at all. But that's beside the point.
Yeah. It's a good. They're going to get a new cast on there one more time, I think, would be the charm. Yeah. I said, George,
a meal on that. You read about the Pittsburgh filing bankruptcy. You know how that affects the burial of the museum? If you
out of it, if that happens, if they claim bankruptcy, I don't know. I don't know. I think they then they can they just got through paying them one
million, but they still owe them like 32 million more. I don't know how that works. And that's part of the reason they had to declare bankruptcy by
doing that. Yeah, that's why I kind of figure that. And that's four boys are gone. That's right. That's the best news. Oh,
Dylan Tony Esposito gone in Tampa. It's you know, it's a matter of time because one thing they can say about Phil Esposito. He's an
answer. You bet the biggest. Yeah, two and oh, baby. We're doing it. Okay, anyway, like get out of here. We have an open line
and date five six seven, oh five 60. I mean, you think that this town. I mean, I hope Maddie Leshams listen right now,
while he pretend that he isn't, but you know that he is. You think that little kids are robbing banks right now to go out there and buy pounds of
marriage. You mean, baby, you think that, and of course, see, that's another thing about marijuana is people don't steal anything. People don't do holdups
so to get money to buy pot. You know, I hate to break the news to you. Any more than people hold up a liquor store to get money to buy cigarettes. Oh, yeah. Oh, you hear about that all the time. Big arm robbery, man,
one six packs of Marlboro's and of course with a cross to cigarettes now can't blame him. 1027, man, this is this is amazing. It really is. The impact of that station on our lives is is
non-existent. It's not minimal. It's not existing. The the audience for that TV show, you can put into a for that TV station. Forget about
my show to come into a telephone booth and every room left over the Chinese army. 1026, I know that the board even loves Neil Rogers.
Don't get a hundred thousand crazy people coming from miles all over the country. These people congregate there every year. All of this was the last one because the Virgin Mary's got a busy schedule.
Crazy people and the media covers it like, oh, here's a very important event. And all these people came came for what because they're not. They came to see the Virgin Mary. There you go.
And I guarantee you the way things are going in this country, man, you got to travel a hell of long distance to find any Virgin. Make no mistake about that.
Well, by the way, here's our updated schedule today because we got the game is at five or something like that to pop raise in the brains.
By the way, bad on piring again last night, not that it changed again. The Yankees did. Thank God score nine runs instead of just a six or seven because otherwise it would have been a another disaster, another
travesty and a major league on pirates in their unions are destroying the game as we knew it, even though it's making his comeback this year.
Horrible call by on pirate 10, Henry, at second base, obviously a force play that would have been a second out of the inning.
And Scott brochures nibble to add a chance another out later to hit that three run Homer that made it six nothing at the time, et cetera, and so on.
The same 10 Henry by the way that got hit by the line drive. And let me say this, Joe Morgan, are you an asshole or what? Huh?
I'm tired gets hit by a line drive as runners on first and third, which I haven't seen that in years. So I forgot what the rule is.
And we're waiting to find out either costus who's supposed to be the baseball expert. Come on, tell us Bob. What's the and here's Joe Morgan. The ball is Dave. The ball is Dave.
And I'm saying to myself, I wish you were Dave because that he just kept repeating that over. Well, it hit the on the ball is dead.
He must have said it 64 hundred times in about a 30 second period of time. Did he tell us what was going to happen with the batter?
No, he'd be awarded first place. The hit is the ball is dead. The ball is dead.
Joe Morgan, man, I'll tell you, if brains were dangerous, you'd do the safest place to hide in the university.
And here's costus who finally gets the rulebook out and he's fumbling his way through it and reading it. Obviously it's convoluted. He don't understand it.
We don't get any information on any while the bases are loaded now and then told me folks went out. Thank God. So we can't be made into move point.
But between Joe Brinkman and his Ted Henry guy, I'm telling you, the umpiring gets worse and worse and they're arrogant and they're obnoxious.
And the empire's union don't give a crap about the fans. You're about the game or the outcome. And it's a sad situation. Guess what?
Hank, it's you know, from two to five, then we got the power raised in the braves at five o'clock.
Boob Shambay after the game at seven 30 year thereabouts and it kept in 10 to two tonight. Open line and day one and groward five six seven o' five 60 and
five five 60 on the mobile one line. Here's four lottery. Hello.
Four lottery. Hello, yes, sir.
Hey, Neil. Yes. Yeah, I want to tell you, I really enjoy your show for time color. Uh huh.
That's today. Uh, sample oppression in the country and, uh, and I'm glad to see that.
I'm glad to see that.
Uh, that's the brother to get to the show. I'm on channel 69. I'm
a white. I never ever watched the show, but I did make it a point to watch the show.
Yeah. And I got to agree with the other color. That was one of the reasons that I called was the angle that they couldn't
actually see the achievement and radio awards. A broadcast competition celebrating excellence in South Florida radio.
How do you like this? Now I'm going to be attending this. No, first night.
The 1998 AIR awards board of governors. Julie Watson Watson.
1990s. Anybody know who that is? She's the chairwoman, the chairperson.
Past lifetime achievement award recipients, Bob Gainer.
Neil Gloria, but do we know Bob? No. Rick Shaw.
Ricky Tiki boy, they just until they stick his ass in the ground, they're still going to be giving him awards.
And there you go. He's on the board. He's still playing the oldies. Where now is he in here already from?
Pride say, where is Ricky Tiki in here?
It's a lie. I am not a Nazi.
Jerry Russian. And wait until you hear the board of governors. Wait until you hear these names to show you the
prestigious people that are involved in what a great broadcast market this is.
Nelson Alba Raider from Heftel. Well, you know Heftel, no spigot English. Does anybody know Nelson?
Pat Ableton from Pat Ableton Studios. Anybody know Pat? No. Peter Bulger from Clear Channel
Communication. Yeah, we know him. Kid Curry from Beasley FM acquisition.
Hannah J L thing from the March of Dimes. Anybody know Hannah? No.
Bob Gainer, Mommy Day Public School. We already been through that. We still don't know him.
Sedra Colleywood from WEDR. Anybody ever heard of Sedra?
What's pathetic man I've ever worked for was the program director of IMZ
when we had nine shares in the middle of the daytime before the...
Couldn't handle the fact that I used to rip him on the air. Man who had...
...off-tight and left. Just he used to slink onto the table when I go into talk to him.
Mark Cuenay, Maven, a legend in his own mind.
Tip Landay from Koch Broadcasting. There you go. The program director of the coast.
He's on the board of governors. Anybody see...
He's... he's... he's tiffin' it.
And we're London. Cheryl Myzel WEDR. Anybody ever heard of Cheryl?
No.
Ross Delacis. Oh yeah, there's a man who made millions of dollars.
Nice going airwrestling, putting most screaming car commersals on here.
Marianne Pat Rohn from WNM. Anybody ever hear Marianne?
No. You know 50 million people named Pat Rohn.
Oh, maybe she knows ill Pat Rohnen.
Jeff Shaheen from Ford Motorham. Jerry Sullivan from Shadow Broadcasting.
Oh yeah, Jerry who got canned from IOD and they made him to the overnight newsman in the newsman.
Robert W. Walker from Airway.
Yeah, that's the special guest by the way. The 1998 Excellence in Radio Achievement Award winner
is Robert W. Walker. All right.
So there you go. And thanks for the invitation, but I think I'll pass on that.
Okay, I think I've got a busy night puking my guts out that night, whatever night it is.
And I need to look at the day yet.
Okay, here's a mobile in Miami. Hello.
Uh, Neil, yes, sir, uh, your show last night was okay.
Uh, but one thing was I don't know if anybody else showed you, but a couple times during the week
when you were replaying your Labor Day episodes, there were times when the show that was supposed to start at 10.30
actually started like at 10.20 10.21 around there.
Does that happen to anybody else?
What, what do you mean? Did it happen to anybody else?
What does that mean? I'm just saying because it seemed like the show never really even started on time.
And
I don't believe it. I think you're better good new watch.
Okay, we have two open lines in date five all of day five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty
on the one line twenty one before 11. I'm telling you this is this is some response to that.
I mean, what are we wasting our time for just so that these four baskets can be paid till the fifth and November?
The crew over here at taping the show. Let's just continue for now.
There's an after the fifth and November.
But we'll just keep taking the money like you.
But other than that, I mean there is the ratings of the Nielsen's there right there is nobody watching that show.
And then this guy calls up to tell us that the show was coming on the middle of a half hour,
which of course we know isn't true.
And I wasted all of that energy and I got all bent out of shape about this and all whipped up into a frenzy and all uh for what?
They don't give a crap.
You feel like you're spending too much money on long distance.
You ate hell.
Oh, Niel!
My queen!
God!
Something the head haunts you!
Yeah!
Some call me President of Love!
Some people call me Bubba!
And I live in the White House of Love!
Can't start talks about me, but hey!
Saying that I've been wrong, that I've been wrong.
Don't you want the people don't want to run on home?
But I'm staying up, I'm staying right here on the job.
Cause I'm a liar, I'm a cheater, and I cannot put you on my beard.
I like them girls who weigh a ton.
I'm a Joker, I'm an Indian basketball girl.
I wish it didn't sound so long.
Cause I'm at normal, I'm at mall, it insects, and she goes all over.
I like my women's lumping up.
I'm the leader, I'm a steamer, I'm a blue dress, green dresser.
I wish she got that thing dry clean.
Ooh!
Oh my God!
She's the cutest thing that I ever did see.
And how I thrummed her, she was down on her knees.
Love it, love it, love it, love it, love it, love it, love it, love it all the time.
Ooh, baby!
She sure showed me good time.
I'm a Joker, see our smoker.
I'm an intern, poker.
I wish it didn't sound so long.
10.45 at 5.60 WDQ.
Don't forget our best NEL CDs and cassettes are at quarters all over town,
including Point and Beach and the other seven and Dayton Howard.
And you can call us on to get yours if you like, 95, 45, 6.63.
We had some idea where the hell we were going to be.
Since at this moment we have no more appearances anywhere in Proud.
Since we got the rest of October, all November and December, 2.5 months ago.
We just started two weeks ago.
Do we have anything else in Proud?
No.
Any appearance at all?
Unbelievable.
Luhan, is there anything that you're doing these days that's involved in any way, shape, or form with this show?
Is there anybody that works for a easily-green communications that is in any way, shape, or form involved in what we try to do here?
No!
To raise some money for a great charity and help promote these CDs.
Thank you.
Next one will be Saturday October 31st, new to the two of Ben and Jerry's, Any Evan Turamall.
Unfreaking believable, apart from the course.
There's a mobile and pamper pine, hello?
I'm Neil.
Yes, sir.
I just want to say that don't worry about it.
I was getting to think I was the only one that felt that way.
The ball is dead. The ball is dead.
Wow, it's important that man.
I mean, this came to the middle over an hour earlier than the boys.
Except that was an emerald and ramble and ramble.
54,000 freaking phones.
Well, they have the ball with Scottie Griffith on the team.
Hell no!
I mean, forget about that.
I'm just talking about that one play where we're watching and supposedly, Zeeves and the Experts.
Here's the one guy who was the jock who played the game with his young organ.
And the one who's supposed to be the self-fulfanned expert about the causes.
And between the two of them, either one of them knew what the rule was about the ball hitting the umpire.
And what happened to the batter and what the who's on first.
They do nothing.
Agreed, but I think we're getting the point.
I think Fox is doing the world too.
I think we have to listen to these poses for the other year.
Well, Fox, of course, they're not interested in the game.
They're just interested in showing your post-ups.
You get to get to the point where you can count all the pores in Johtori's face.
That's close.
Okay, thank you, sir. Have a great life. Whatever he said.
Open line and power to a date.
5670560.560 on a mobile one line.
Mobile in Boca. Hello.
Neil. Yes, sir.
Light that down, King of Mon.
Hey, listen, I got a quick pollution for.
Okay, like I said, open line is dating to in the Broward.
5670560.
Pop 5660 on a mobile one line.
Here's Carl Spring. Hello.
Neil. Yes, sir.
I just heard you answered one question.
You're not appearing as Carl Spring boarded for your, uh, you see these?
Not in Carl Spring. Not in plantation.
Not anywhere that I know of.
I don't believe. Let me, let me look at it again.
We don't call friends George.
Maybe we are doing Carl Spring.
No, we're supposed to do Carl Spurimal that got postponed.
We're doing nothing in Broward County, which is where about 80% of our audiences or more.
Because I've been waiting. No, I'm going to go buy the TV today.
Today should not be. Yeah, I just want to go to borders because we're not going to be a doing anything.
Because Luann upstairs and sales just see they can't make any money off of this.
So as a result, they just kind of dropped the ball.
They're uninvolved.
San the Sham. He made an appearance there.
You know, made it look for a couple of days like he was really involved in this.
And that's it. That's the end of their involvement.
That's the way this radio station operates.
Last year they totally sandbagged us.
We didn't have any fundraiser at all when I was off the year.
Another one I'm back on here and we're working our ass off to try to make a success of this thing.
Just chill.
This is, this is, this is doing yourself everything.
Do yourself radio show.
Do your studio.
Do it yourself fundraiser.
You know, that's it.
Well, you do it well.
May it but would be helpful.
But it would be a little bit of a sentence.
Yeah, no, absolutely. And of course we can't go out there and sell.
We can't go out there and set up appearances.
And from all the dancing, we're going to have a little bit of help around here.
How was it?
No, nothing.
Thank you.
Oh, these people are wackos.
They are absolutely.
But why does the media cover them?
Those life vikers are just good ordinary religious people going there to hang out with the Virgin Mary and get her message.
Like, this is a real legitimate news story.
Yeah, I don't get it.
Well, didn't they do that thing over in Pantywood and she appeared in the dirty windows.
Wow, in the Panty car, wherever the hell it was.
They're water on the bank building.
That's right.
She was on the side of the bank building.
And then they came on and they showed how the sunlight was hitting the window in a certain way.
And they don't confuse us with the facts, right?
And then Mother Teresa was in the bagel of the alley, whatever she was.
Right. That's right.
I mean, this is all.
You can see anything you want to see.
Like, little kids looking at the clouds.
They'll look at the dragon.
Look at the door.
Look at this.
I saw Robi Young on a TOTINO SP.
A couple nights ago, she said,
the greatest eye opener ever.
It's very counterproductive to the radio show because these people are sick and tired.
They heard about Wamy, this and Wamy.
That's because they don't watch it.
There's nothing on there for them to watch.
It's a joke.
And I'm sitting here, you know, all been out of shape and then talking about this guy that nobody has any idea who he is.
Couldn't care less.
And I apologize to myself profusely for confusing myself with the facts.
God Almighty, what an incredible amount.
There was one day I thought I was going to have a stroke a couple nights ago.
I'm on a forward dorm.
Can't talk about this thing.
Because it's a matter of principle.
It was bullcrap.
I don't like being censored.
And I don't think anybody who's on the air doing this kind of,
and any kind of a show wants to be censored, especially by some asshole.
It doesn't know what he's doing.
But when there's no interest and there's nobody watching,
what the hell difference does it make?
What's the point?
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I just want to know why he's so concerned about viewers.
He doesn't have any Maddie.
And what's up with the name Maddie?
You think that he auto-ost our wanting to offend people at this point.
Maybe that might get him an audience.
Yeah, right.
What's up with the name Maddie?
A friend of ours has a dog named Maddie.
So don't insult my canine friends.
Have a good life.
Get out of here.
We have Dave County White Open 5 6 7 0 5 60,
on the mobile one line.
Pemberpine.
Hello.
Hey, I don't know.
Okay, sir.
Neil, we need to do, we need to start having our DNH revelations and stuff like that.
We all go, all of us, nearly go and watch and, you know, find your images and every time.
Yeah, pictures of Neil on the side of a bank building.
Oh, they can't be on picture cards though, right?
We're going to the Kuhu-Lawsi River, baby.
We're going up there to entry and see a look for Neil in the woods.
They can't be waiting.
But they can't have those images of your picture cards and everything like that though, right?
We already had the ghost of Neil picture cards.
Yeah, that's true.
I would feel right in.
But are they going to show what they had?
Is they going to do it again tonight?
Are they going to just do that one before?
I'm not wearing the head anymore.
There's no point in wearing it.
I'm not wearing it over the point.
Are they going to allow, you know, that they're not going to show any older ones, right?
Right.
No.
For what there?
Did you watch it?
Yeah, I watched parts of it last night.
And did you see the postcard on the hat?
Yes.
And do you think there's anything controversial there?
No.
Not at all.
Not at all.
I got another question for you.
You have never for setter ones, but I want to get some of the old CDs if possible.
5, 6, 3.
5, 6, 3.
3, 600.
They got them.
They got all your old ones.
Well, some of the old ones in there also, I think, still have some of the fill ones too.
Oh, great.
And you know how you're saying, you know, it's how do I do it yourself promotion at QAM?
It's always just do it yourself there anyway.
That's all they've been doing.
They can end up there, wreck them and stuff like that.
Well, I got a lot of practice.
Okay, pal, thank you so much.
Okay.
Open line and Broward, all of Dave County, all three lines.
Another one of these days right in the middle of the week.
Monday was okay.
Tuesday yesterday we actually had a conversation here.
Not brilliant, but okay.
And today we're right back where we started again from the previous two and a half weeks,
whatever it is.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and 0.
And 0.5, 60 on the mobile one line.
Absolutely unbelievable.
So thank God for tracing Ely.
Like I said.
I'm changing the format of this show.
If we ever get a car machine in here that works, we can play those jingles.
Get a 40 share easy on this show with my great taste in music.
Well, by the way, speaking of my great taste in music,
which I don't want to rub this into George,
but guess what album is number one on the Latin charts?
First week on the chart, by the way, I just mentioned this in passing.
Comes on the chart as number one in the world, Latin chart.
Kosa Stella Moore by Enrique Glacius.
I just mentioned that in passing, whether you like them or not.
So, yeah.
So what that, well, I guess what that means is that all those Hispanics must have bad taste too.
Is that what they do?
Oh, sorry about that.
Here's a mobile in Davy.
Hello.
Hey, what's up, Nia?
Yes, sir.
I got a couple of things about that whole Virgin Mary thing.
I haven't heard anything about it in the past couple months,
but yesterday was the first of all the Thursdays.
Yeah.
It was supposed to be.
I think all the rosers people were up in the entry or Kanye's Georgia or somewhere.
I think they have a couple of others on them.
She's called the president.
Well, I saw this girl last night.
Yeah.
I'll be honest with you.
And, well, actually, the only way through what was on your hat is because you had described it during the day.
I could have, I could have made out what it was anyway.
So I don't know that it would have caused that much damage to her.
Yeah, that's another point.
It's so innocuous because most people wouldn't even decipher what the hell it was.
But this guy decided that he was going to make a major issue out of this.
Well, I know, I know the minute I saw it, I went out and started smoking weed right away.
Started puffing away, started smoking a car for you.
Exactly.
Also, I guess, today I went to Porters and picked up both PDs.
So they're both great.
I'm flattered to get out immediately if not doing it.
Okay.
Thank you.
Thank you, my child.
Thank you so much.
Open line had brought in the all three and date 5, 6, 7, 05, 60,
05, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line 10, 56.
I'm QAM.
Another great day in the city, baby.
Another great thrilling, exciting moment to stay in the big city.
You know what I'm saying?
Holy cow, errands coming.
Caroline, I'm out in water.
Chronic, chronic, chronic, fax.
Chronic.
Just keep that in mind before I read the facts.
This is great.
Very uplifting too, by the way.
Thanks, Danny D.
What's your, that's not your real name.
Chronic Faction.
To me, this is very important.
It says, Neil, I listen every day.
I love you, man.
But the number of assaults, the whole cause is increased so dramatically.
Have you noticed an increase in assault calls?
We're going to get assault calls for 20 or some years.
Same as we've always had before.
Uh-huh, jassles.
It's increased so dramatically that it's becoming increasingly easier to tune out.
Why?
Says Danny D.
Neil, what's your blue up?
You talk about the challenger.
When the Gulf War happened, you talked about the Gulf War.
When Hurricane Andrew hit, you talked about Hurricane Andrew.
Now we are in the midst of a bloodless coup, certainly one of the scariest times in this country's history.
And you spend your days talking about whammy, which no one in Palm Beach County can see.
As if I'm talking to the people in Palm Beach County.
This show I hate to break the news for you, pal.
Is for the people in Dayton, Broward County primarily.
If you're in Palm Beach, good luck to you.
Baseball, snore, he says.
Hockey, ice cream, Georgia's bonus, et cetera.
People are concerned about what is happening, Neil.
And I, for one, would love to hear your views and your intellect on what this November election is going to be.
And how Jim Booses are fraud and what the future of this country is.
No matter your decision, I'll still listen every day, but that's my feelings.
That's my feelings.
And I wanted you to know them.
Signed any D another chronic.
There wants me to sit here and talk about Monica gate and about the Ken star.
Monica Lewinsky and Linda Tritt and Lucy and Goldberg, et cetera, et cetera.
And so on. Henry's hiding it.
No.
I mean, I've already said everything.
Make a point about marijuana.
When I said here, back on a KAT days, the WS news days screaming and yelling like I'm going to change the world sitting on the air here in Miami can't get more than two calls at one time.
Danny D. I've got news for you.
Pal, you need help.
You need to reach out and get some assistance, baby over there at Carolina Mountain water with your chronic faxes.
And by the way, how come if it's so important, you're not calling in here and sharing with us your important views on what's going to happen this November.
I mean, I don't know about anybody else out there, but I for one am sick and effing tired a hearing about God, the Ampiness gate.
I have nothing more to say about it.
I've talked about it until I have absolutely no verbiage left to say about that business.
I've already made it very, very clear and you talk about ponderous and repetitive and boring.
Turn on, Lord, as limbaugh, you'll hear plenty about it.
Okay, plenty of fantasy and plenty of bubble mice.
We have an open line and Broward to and date.
The fact is, don't put it on my ass.
Okay. The fact is that this audience the last three weeks and now into the fourth week has just vanished in terms of either they're any and their ability to talk about anything they got no material or maybe they just found something else to do.
Maybe they're playing pinocle.
Maybe they're playing with themselves.
Maybe they're playing with each other.
I have no idea.
The only thing I would agree that the Danny writes in here is the whammy part.
Okay.
Never will mention it again.
Ever under any circumstance.
I said that a few days ago and then we got on this and brought in this whole postcard thing, which obviously the audience is really whipped up into a frenzy about that.
I mean, absolutely zippity doodon nothing.
Zero.
Here's a mobile in Pembert Pine.
Hello.
Hey, Pongano Niel.
Yes, sir.
How are you?
Okay.
First of all, thank you.
Suicidal again, sir.
I'm doing a radio show in Miami.
I'm suicidal again.
Listen, thanks for the sign cards.
My daughter brought me back from the pizza loft.
It's at Bafangula, Tuyya.
And also, I seen you on the show last night with the hat.
And I agree with the caller before.
If you wouldn't have said anything about it, I wouldn't have thought it looked like Gwini stuck in some marinara sauce.
That's what it is.
Don't tell them over there, but that's really what it is.
I knew it.
By the way, I brought it back from Bologna.
The other day, I got a letter in the mail from Jesse, my god Helm.
Four-page letter in there stating about what they're teaching our children in college about the gay right.
Right.
There you go.
About the homosexuals, that's right.
Do you imagine that old bastard sending this out with our money?
I'm writing him back in the home.
Liberty, power, Cuba.
Yeah.
Yes, it's ridiculous.
But anyway, Sandy and Lisa, you are both douchebagged.
Okay, pal.
Thanks.
Bungerno.
Okay, we have an open line in the Brown, two-in-date, 566, 705, 60, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Boka.
Hello.
Boka.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, buddy, what's going on?
Not much, pal.
Well, I tell you about these horrendous protest games, man.
What is it?
Teenage games.
I'm tired of hearing about it.
But I got a little story to tell you here.
I was working at basically a Christian school, and I had put myself into a rehab center due to alcohol and enormous amounts of drugs that I was using.
Yeah.
And I got out of the rehab about a month and a half ago, and basically I had lost my job due to the lovely Christians of Carl Springs.
Yeah.
And I'll tell you, I live in Boka now, and through that program I was in, WAMI was on every day.
It was in Del Rey, and that kept me through and kept me alive through.
I mean, it really made me happy to watch that show, and I come back home, and I can't see it.
You know, for $36 a month here in Boka, I can't see WAMI, you know?
So it's a little upsetting, and I wanted to see maybe if you know anything or when they're going to get it out of it.
It's not on the cable in Palm Beach. It's not going to be on there. It's not a Palm Beach County station.
Really? Well, anyway, Neil, I want to tell you, keep me alive every day you're on.
No matter what station you go to, you're on mine, buddy.
Okay, I'm going to try X on next week, I think.
I'm going to try right there, pal.
I'm trying X on next week. Maybe Amico the week after that.
Got to be better than this.
We got two open lines in day, two open lines in Broward. Any interest out there today?
No.
All of a sudden in the middle of the week, it's like the catch got their tongue.
Why in God's name did I get whipped up about this?
Why did I allow myself to get hysterical over some pudwacker over there from Israel that has no concept of what it's all about?
Who's fantasizing in himself and believing that there are people actually watching that station, which this is proofy.
I mean, if this audience isn't watching that show, then what's the chance that anybody else is watching on a scale of zero?
I would say minus infinity. And it's basically been that way since it went on the year back in June said on June one.
That's exactly the way it's been. They don't give a crap about that.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Oh God. My life is just flashing before my eyes. What's it at today?
The 14th.
Pompato perfect.
Where do you want cars?
When we need to the most, we're like just wandering off into space somewhere. I'm waiting to see the the Doremi guy any minute.
Yeah. We're on a hillbop comment. We don't even know it. We got to do that.
Just kind of do it yourself like one call left in the board. And then it's Moton. Maybe it thanks to Tracy Neely.
You made my show today. Sweetheart. I'm going to need it today. Little did I realize when I sat down here.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's our last call. Hi, Lea. Hello.
Hello. Yes, sir. First time caller. Now all right. You picked a good day. Pal, you got right in.
I finally saw blood patch on last night. Yeah. He was on Charlie Rose. He has everything you guys talked about.
Tony total funny. Total BS. Another religious pseudo religious hypocrite. Nothing about broadcast.
They're a schlock. Meister. Why did they buy a channel like 45 or something?
Whether these guys have any hands channel. No, you because that's it's too hard to make the money under.
You got to get under. He like he likes just putting a schlock on. He doesn't want to spend the money to put those preachers on.
I couldn't believe Charlie Rose interviewed him off there. He was locking something up.
God, but yeah, he was telling Charlie Rose, Oh, yeah, my wife left me and I went to a motel and found a Gideon Bible and.
Oh, I was born again. Talk about his former stripper wife. Did he mention that? Did he say, Oh, God, that was good and that's what turned him on the religion.
Now he said, Oh, I've got got in my business God runs my business God in his bed. Yeah, it's all over the damn place.
Biggest temper. I've ever met in this business in my life and I've met a lot of them, but he's the biggest. I couldn't believe it.
I could believe it. Okay, okay, well, I'm done that made your life. Okay, congratulations. Here's a guy that saw buddy, but it's better than seeing the Virgin Mary in Georgia.
I'll tell you that in conures Georgia. Two open lines and Dave one and Broward five, six, except we are going to plead.
We are going to beg. We are going to squeeze. We are going to pull. We are going to get out of tweezers is what we're going to do.
We're going to tweez it today. I mean, I have never been in my seriously. This is the honest to goodness truth.
And this is even more back to K at when we had only a bunch of dead people listening on the beach. I've never been involved with anything in my life.
Other than this TV thing that where there was so little interest, I mean, this show we might as well put dead air on here for a half hour every night and get the same amount of interest.
And I'm getting myself all worked up and all agitated. And for what? For what? It's like the guy said, it's a piece of crap and they'll leave it at that.
The less said the better. Here's a mobile in for a lot of deal. Hello. Okay. Thank you so much. Here's Miami. Hello.
Yeah. Can I speak to now? Plot? Yeah. Okay. Nice going. She at the track. She at the dog track. Are they closed down? Okay. Can.
Open line and Broward all of a day five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60. Where is our friend Danny from Caroline, a mountain water that wants to make yellows with all those important things about how we're going to save the world from Jeb Bush and from the right wing conspiracy up there in Washington.
And the Illuminati in the trial lateral commission. Come on, Danny. Let's go back to doing that. Here's a mobile in Hollywood. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. How are you doing, sir? No worse. Every time I think it's been the worst. It turns into the worst. It's getting worse.
It's getting worse minute by minute day after day of my life. Go ahead, sir. Neil, what's wrong with these people? They won't call you. I mean, I'm just starting to feel sorry for you already. Yeah. You're showing them the dumpster. Yeah. What do you got for us? I don't know.
Okay, thank you. Okay, here's a four-letter. Hello, last call. Hey, Neil. Yes. Your shows are great. You're the greatest. And I told you, Pompano should have the stadium or the arena there. Pompano Park. What does that? What do you mean?
Well, I look and they have no parking over there. You hear all the complaints about it. That's not because they don't have room for parking. Nobody wants to drive up to Pompano to go to the ball of game. The location isn't the problem. The problem is that
they were planned poorly by some idiots. They took all those big. Yeah, get out of here. Would have been planned better up there. Pompano right as long as Wayne was behind it. When making a difference, would they put it on your
Reinas? Pal would make any difference. Don't you understand? Yeah, let's pick it up physically and move the whole arena to Pompano. It would be a lot better than the seats will automatically widen themselves. And the campers will be happy out there. That's what we had a response here on Monday. All bitch radio about your seats are too narrow. And the new arena sucks.
Even though it looks really great to the naked eye, but other than that, it blows just one after another was like to admire with them. Here on Monday. Bitch, bitch, bitch, you know, just beautiful.
Here's a mobile and four lottery. Hello. Nice segue. Exactly what I wanted to talk to you about. What's that? The arena went and took my fiance to see lean Dion up there. Yeah, when are you going for your first talking game?
I've already been for my first talking game and the traffic was not a problem. That was an exhibition game. The first game will be a week from the night is the next home game. There's a crappy schedule. They only play one game in Buffalo between now and in. But the first home game. I'm going to see is the LA Kings. Next Wednesday. Well, you won't talk about why I mean anymore. You won't talk about that.
I can't anymore. That's all you can be able to talk about. It is most unbelievable. So are you saying that what you think since you're the only caller I got on there take all the time you want. But are you saying to me that the only thing we're going to talk about on this show from now on is about how the parking sucks and it's impossible to get there.
And the seats are too narrow and that's going to be a radio show. That's going to be my life. Absolutely. And well, okay, you can get them to start serving light beer and salad. So then the seat won't be too narrow. Yeah.
And I thought that they had all these. You know, when I went in there for the tour the place when a joint was empty. It gave the visual appearance to me that they had all these food stand coming to find out there's only four food courts and a whole damn place, which is gigantic. And if the lines are long and if people can't get their expensive food, etc.
And again, I'll talk about this from now until the next four or four and a half years. Let's bitch about the arena. So fine with me. There you go. But so how was Celine Dion? You couldn't get in there and you couldn't get out. Is that what you're saying?
Yeah, that was a problem. I'm not going to give away my secrets, but as far as getting into the parking, but getting out was the most unbelievable. It's beyond words. Yeah. You're going to blow your mind. Yeah, but did you get that little diagram they made up that's got all the heroes going all different directions and back at each other and across and upside down? Did you get that one?
Exactly. We were just one. You know, it was like we were snaking around the parking lot. No one had any idea any direction, you know, and there was just people's temperate were flaring, but then it got to a point where it was so ludicrous after an hour and a half sitting in the parking lot that it was it was funny.
Okay, well, I'm running out of gas. I'm glad he had a good time. Okay, we're going to be doing this for let's see what month is it now? Have a great day, pal. There you go. That's our subject, baby.
Pick it up or we left off on Monday. Let's get another four or five hundred calls today. That's pretty entertaining to me. Oh, the parking sucks. They didn't build them up parking spots and the seats are too narrow and weighing blows. That's a bulletin. Come on. Let's hear it. Five, six, seven.
Would there anybody that had a good time there? No. I think we had two or three on Monday out of the entire group that we had about the 40,000 calls we had on Monday. We had two or three people said, Hey, we had no complaints. We had a good time. We got there early, etc.
Like I said, if you get there 10 o'clock in the morning, there's no problem. And if you leave like about three hours after the game is gone and that pain in the ass crowd is cleared out, no problem at all.
Oh, captain, sing. Here you go when we need him the most uncle. How are you doing? I know talk. Yeah, where you've been? Just got back from Toronto. Yeah, amazing downtown. You were absolutely correct. You go there 11 at night. You know, it's right to be on the ears in Toronto. So where people know something about life where they know something about hockey where they know something about the got something.
To say where people are friendly and conversant, not like these anti social bastards. I got to prick these people every day. I got a problem with a cattle prod every day of my life. I did go into maple leaf arena for the first time. Yeah, all the raptor to the championship raptor. Amazing looking arena. Oh, it's great. I got a February when they when they stopped playing an airman. Yeah, I got a couple of boxes. Marty's from back Toronto. What more could you want? Hey, just for you. I remembered you like 40's a version of a couple of. No, not for me. No.
Marty's over here. You eat him captain's thing. No candy for this kid. He has it is. Yeah. Okay. Thanks a lot. I've had a great time in Toronto. There you go. That's a real city with real people. How about those maple leaves? By the way, last night, three Edmonds and two. Just mention that. Oh, I'm sorry. That's right. Talk about that. Okay. Take it back. Well, I'm reading Danny D's got instructions here. Jeb Bush is an asshole. Okay. There you go. We solve that problem. Jeb Bush. Okay. Okay. That's all taken care of. Come on. What are you laughing about?
That's all got a bunch of rightly. Nassau's. Her all that was on there last night talking about this whole thing with Ken Star and you about the monocondyle before he said so. They started their investigation so viciously before they were given permission to do it. And yada yada yada. It said it went so on. Does anybody care about that? No, of course not. We're oversaturated with that already. I don't know about you, but I don't want. I don't want to deal with it. I don't want to hear about it. I don't want to know from it. Two open lines in Dave County. Let's get these phones blazing today. Okay. With people that really have something to say. Do we have any of them?
No, five six seven, oh five 60, five 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Are they fired up about freedom of speech? No, about marijuana about the laws in this country about living in a police state? No. They want some free crap. Uh-huh. Here's a key. Largo. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, how you doing? How you doing crap guys? I'm doing great. I'm doing fine. Anyway, I couldn't call you yesterday. I wanted to mention something you guys were talking about. By the way, I showed you what you showed last night. Yeah.
And it looked like whoever edited the thing did everything they could do not actually get a good picture of that car. I don't agree in the role being brought down by the work and conference.
Trends company. That way, if you, even if you're sitting in a desk and a light picture falls on your head. Yeah, if you prove so positive and the blood test at the hospital that you had cannabis. Yeah, your system. You know, that's it.
I didn't have to drop the pills on a four-quake. You'll slip and fall there. So look out. You think the bad appeal. Right.
Them too. But that it's the whole thing is. Isn't this great? And any of something. These people in this country are so easily conditioned that it's terrifying.
You can condition them just like a bunch of sheep like lemons to do virtually anything. Well, pretty soon, you know, they'll all be wearing little black uniforms with a white
piping. You know, there you go. Just like these parents who think it's a great idea to have their kids wear uniforms to school. Every time I've
opened my mouth about that on the year over here. Oh, you're wrong. It's a. Look at such a thing. Hitler like that idea. Look at all the little Japanese kids when they show programs from Japan, all the kids going to school.
Look at that. Right there. Right. That's right. They're getting paid back. You know, and that's a very. Yeah. In two or society over there too. Anyway,
of course, go on. Everybody together. Go PNF Cup two open lines and Dave one and powered five. Step two. We got the ball game. The
hot raised the braves at five o'clock books through after the incident. You know, I got all these great Motown legends CDs that Tracy sent over nice little box this morning.
Thank you for your box, Tracy. And I thought to myself, God, I could give these away. But on second hand, these are so good. I'm keeping it myself.
Is what I'm going to do. And I am. And of course, I realize you guys are out of material. You need a good rest. So why the hell should I keep pressuring these people and putting pressure call and say
something? Talk about this. Talk about why should I do that? That's not fair. So let's sit back and enjoy some great Motown. Everybody loves Motown. Old parts like me love Motown. Young people
who weren't even born yet. When is that was it? They love Motown. What the hell is the sense of nudging this audience for life is too short. Life is too short. They didn't care about the fact
that was being censored. They didn't care about the stupid postcard about the whammy show. They don't give a crap about any of this stuff. So let's sit back and entertain. I mean, this station was great back in the old days.
Q.A.M. when it was a rock station. You know what goes around comes around. Let's go back and place some great music. Thank you, Tracy.
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you
Thank you. Thank you.
sick and tired of the stink in the anky's already. Here's a mobile in
Davie. Hello. Hello, Neil and the bad on par on par is yes. How you
doing?
This one? Okay. Neil, a guy called up or he sent a fax in. He said he
wanted more news. He didn't say more news. He says, tell me what
I ought to be talking about. I'd be talking about Jeb Bush and
about Monica gate and the right wing conspiracy. They bloodless
cool. I've already talked about those things till I'm blue in
the face. And there's no response. What else should I keep sitting
here repeating the same thing? I'm not going to change the world.
This guy knows what happens with the news in the morning is they
get out to say, what can I just store today? Yeah. That's how they
start out as far as Bush is concerned in mk when I walk my dog in
the morning. He bring more.
Then both of those guys put together and probably what she
leaves on a ground is got more personality than buddy mk. I'll
guarantee you that exactly. And then with the mk couldn't win a
fixed election. Okay. It's a dead man in a suit is what
buddy mk is. That's the best dinner or a credit party can come up
with in Florida to save us from right wing extremism from
fascism. Is this dead man in a suit? So I'm not talking about
I didn't take him to be the go of the candidate. That part of
other than Bush gets in up there. He's tied in so tight my
Emmy was a Latin fashion. Those are the guys that gave us the
banana republic that when they get finished, we're going to have
the banana republic statewide. Well, maybe bananas will be
truthful. I was right there. Open line at day one in
brown. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T wireless line. It's
you or Motown. Maybe that question today is that the audience
is it Motown? I would the Motown myself. I mean,
tremendously. See the unit the sad part about Motown and I
lived in Michigan and spent a lot of time in Detroit during
those great 60s. God, there was nothing like being young and
getting near car and it's so forward to the John Lodge Expressway
Detroit and drive it like 90 miles an hour and crank it up WS
Y Z or C K L W or O. Or or or or or or or or Quinter 13 and
listening to Motown all the other great music, most of which was
Motown and you know, West Grand Boulevard and Detroit. Those
were the days. The only problem is the black people didn't
listen to Motown. They had their own music. They had their own
stations. They had the Martha Jean the Queen. Go back in your
house and make babies. That's what she was screaming during the
67 of my wife's in Detroit. Go back in your house and make
babies and they did then. A lot of them. But the black people
never accepted Motown. They said that that was music by black
artists for white people. Which I don't understand that. How
can you have greater performers than smoky Robinson and people?
Oh, that's not black folk music. That's black guy swinging for
white people. I don't get it. Somebody may have a display in
that to me because I don't know anybody doesn't love Motown. I
say if you don't like Motown, you're a communist. There you go.
How about the fixed today like Motown? Absolutely. I'm not
talking about you. What? No, I'm not. You're not you're not
your garden variety. I'm talking about those all those
Julios out there. All the ones that you always alleged are
really listening. And I'm sure that they're not. They don't
like that. They like Ho Chi Koo. Like a child. That's what they
like. That's Ho Chi Koo Chi crap. Right. And Rika is great. I
like it. I like it. I like it. I'm looking at it right now.
And Rika I like it. He's got his hands in deep in his pockets
feeling the change. What he got in there in Rika America wants to
know. That's right. Why do you always? Why do you feel compelled
to knock him? Because you would like to look like him? Is that
what it is? You only wish these tell me what you wish that you
could look like him? Okay. That's okay. Fine. Me too. Here's
Davie. Hello. Hey, Neil. How you doing? Pretty good, sir?
First of all, great show and great music. Great music. I got the
one thing about me, man. I got the best musical taste in this
studio. That's you do. Of course I'm in here alone, but
anyway. Okay. I got a camera. It's a kind of a story for you.
Yes, sir. Not too long ago I applied for a position at a
certain police department. Yeah. It's where eight help and
everything, right? I go through everything. Everything goes
through a fine flying college. And I spoke to one of the
officers and he told me he asked me about things my background.
And I told him that I did some cannabis and stuff like that.
And he told me, you know, make sure it's a while ago back in
high school. Well, I took the polygraph test and I decided to
tell the truth because you know, you never swim in there. Right.
So they asked me about that and I told them, you know, it's been
over a year and a half ago. I don't know if you just would
have crossed your fingers with that. I've been okay. I wish. I
told them over a year and a half ago that I did try to
do everything I can. And then a couple weeks later I get a
phone call and I tell me I was disqualified and I was asking why
and they said the disqualifying board does not accept people
who have tried any type of drugs beyond high school. And I'm
here thinking I'm like, what's going on? I mean, I'm a, you
know, I don't do it all the time. I've just done it that, you
know, one time and everything in passing. And here I am. And
then now I don't have to have the job. I'm still stuck at this
little piece of junk job that I have now. Because you smoked
weed one time. Yeah. When you were
how old? 23 23 years old. This is a guy that smoked at
joint just a little pin joint. He sat down with clearance
Thomas. They showed a little tiny pin joint. He left a little
teeny tiny roach and he asked for in his car. And now this
guy can't get the job. Exactly. And welcome to America, sir.
Welcome to a real Neanderthal backwoods back as place. And
I didn't understand it either because I was arguing with
this lady and then she told me about that and then she told
me, I told her, I'm not a saint. You know, I know and no one
out there is a saint. Their police officers out there that are,
you know, still listening to prostitution or or blow jobs and
stuff like that. Right. And I don't get it. You know, it's just
something that really, well, they do. Yeah, they probably do.
A lot of it. But I just thought I should bring that to the
attention because you did speak about being in a police city and
or state. It's a police state, sir. Make no mistake about it.
And the American public 90% of them are so stupid. They're
conditionally accepting like this is the way life is supposed to
be in a goddamn police state where they can tell you what you
can grow in your backyard. Well, man, if you do the wrong thing,
they got the the worldly birds, helicopters are flying over your
backyard and all of a sudden they're not going out the door,
they're going to drag your ass away and take your house and your
car and your first born kid and whatever else you got.
Well, this, you know, I'm here. I heard people out there, they've,
you know, grown pot plants out there before and they are, you
know, employed with the same department. So I'm like, that
doesn't make any sense. You know, so I am still with the same,
you know, well, I guess they told you, pal, I guess they condition
you to living in America. Don't do it again.
Thanks again. Good luck to you. You'll need it.
They taught him a lesson or two, baby. He won't be doing that
no more. You know, I'm saying 1157. We have an open line in
Broward to and date. It's the listeners or the music, which is
that's your choice. You have happy Wednesday today. We're having
a great time here day. Anybody believe that? Open line in
day five six seven, oh five 60 pound five 60 on a mobile one.
Let's talk every day about the crappy parking over there at
the arena and how the seats are too narrow. Let's talk
every day about Monica gate. Let's talk every single day of
my life about how jet bushes are fascist, anti human, anti
everything kind of person. And he's going to win a governor
a thing in a landslide. This Danny D from a Caroline, a mountain
water, this chronic facts you're up there, punk, you tear my guts
off, baby. Just like which was the movie that they reached in
and pulled a heart out? What the hell was that? That's your
remember that? One of those sci-fi movies, which one was that
alien? Oh, alien. Yeah, when they reach this read like
reaching in and grabbing and plucking my heart right out of my
chest, that's what you did, Danny D, or whatever your real name is
up there at Caroline, a mountain water, you chronic facts for
you. You're worse than Andy and Mitch put together. How do you
like that? That's a hell of an indictment. I don't have you
ever looked at those at the what do you call that? Like the
address? Where the effects has come from? The other header? Well,
don't say that. On the top of the faxes. And you'll notice
there's like basically four or five that the one carpet place.
What the hell is the old alarm talking about? In Miramar
somewhere? Because it's like the phone calls. We got seven
people out there who do different voices who do all the phone
calls and we got three or four people to do the faxes. There's a
mobile and port Lauderdale. Hello? Fine, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey,
listen, I'm just calling an event a little bit here. Take all
the time you want, pal. Take two, three hours. I'm having one of
my insomnia at that last night. So I'm up at 330 in the morning
one in A&E or Discovery Channel, whichever one it was. And they're
having a special about this Russian scientist who's
defected to the United States that he's now coming to. About how
the Russians have cheated on every biological weaponry treaty
that's ever been signed. Yeah. And he's going on and on about how
these Russian scientists are leaving and they're joining the
Paris groups now and how they're coming up with this, you
know, like there won't be any cure for. And I then I start to
think about all these politicians that are so desperate to earn
their paycheck, you know, they're sitting there insisting and
talking about this, you know, present and Clinton stuff. And I'm
not a Clinton supporter. But when I sit back and I hear stuff
like this and I think about the money we're spending, you know,
on this nonsense and you know, hear about what's going on and
they're out in the real world and how these guys are so preoccupied
with this ridiculous stuff, you know, I'm just calling to say I
want to just systematically pick out the zeros and just destroy
them one by one if you can because I'm just frustrated beyond
words. When I hear about what's going on in the real world and
how these guys are able to hide. Let's back up again. You want
me to pick out the zeros and systematically destroy them one by
one. Well, what does that mean? Well, I guess there's going to
be real busy. You know, I just want to hear these guys like I
thought some little pork or on there would go out to the
how he's so shocked. You know, reading his reports and he's
shocked and appalled and all this other stuff. He talked about
that Robert Bar from Georgia, the one little mustache that looks
like Hitler and the glasses. I believe that he's like poison
yeah. I believe that's him. I try not to look at the name.
And he's from entry. Yeah, I just I got how can he's why he was
up in the woods and deliverance with Ned Vady. Yes, I'm just
wondering how I mean, how is it possible that these guys can
hide for so long just to find their salary, you know, with
this nonsense while out in the real world. I mean, President
Clinton, the poor guy, he must know things that will never help.
Yeah, you know, he must know things that we'll never find out
about. And it just, you know, be not just moves work like that.
Yeah. Okay, thanks, pal. And calm down. Okay, we have an
open-minded day to a brown word five six seven oh five
fifty pound five fifty. This guy's pissed off. It's all just
fired up when I hear someone say that. He's had it. He wants
me to systematically identify these zeros and destroy them one by
one. Okay. We're destroying them like a whole bunch of the
time, baby. Oh, there's another one. Five six seven oh five
sixty and palm five sixty on a mobile one line. Come on, let's
get one that I got lots of music cranked up here. Maybe thanks to
my friend Tracy Neely. Here's Kendall. Hello.
Yes, sir. Are you doing happy MF and Wednesday?
Uh-huh. Are you doing another another shot in my head today with
this audience? Another another gut wrencher.
That's why anything under. It's a mouth of a misamena anything
over. It's a felony. And after that, they put on intensive
attributes. Yeah. That's what I'm saying. Well, how about
plants? Is there a number of plants like this guy in open
the home of that I read about yesterday? He got 93 years because
he had over X number of plants and so they they give you time and
they charge you based on the number of plants you're growing.
Yeah, I'm serious in California. I mean, they're doing that
that medical that you know that medical purpose. Right. What a
pound and a half? Yeah, a pound and a half. For medical
purpose. They're pounding it. Yeah. That's what I'm saying. I
don't know. I think it's plan to concern it. I think
anything over 20. So you're going to jail. 20 plants and you go
to the electric chair. All right.
I'm sure for the American criminal justice system. And by
the way, OJ is feeling pretty good today and have a great
thing. He's out there playing golf. Here's a guy killed two
people in cold blood. He's walked in around. He's playing golf.
He's having a good time. He's not paying one single solitary
dime to the goldmins of rounds or anybody else. But if you
got about 21 plants in your backyard, you're dead, baby. You're
going to jail for 90, nine years and plus some. Or either
just stick your ass in the electric chair because we can't
afford to pay the 30 grand a year to keep your ass alive.
That's America. It's you know, that's the way that's our
priorities in this country, man. That's the American way.
Here's a mobile and four-later day. Hello. I love that
tape. I could go to why she's the best. She's my favorite.
You know, you talk about what a fascist state is becoming.
You know, I saw it's pointing with that 100,000 comp thing.
Scared the hell out of me. The idea of federally controlled
vocal comp. Look what he did. Have you noticed you live
in plantation? Have you noticed the police have gone
some wearing brown to wearing blue uniforms? Yeah. Okay,
that's an accordance with a law they passed the highway patrol.
I don't like the brown shirt. So I get a real nervous. Well,
all of the all of the police officers and all of the currency
and lesser department below 20 people must comply with the
with the uniform code where they lose their highway, highway money
through the highway funding. Yeah. Also. So what's the significance of that?
What is it?
It is now he wants school teachers to have a hundred thousand
of them out there and then he's going to try to control the curriculum.
Not a bad idea when you got a Democrat. How's he going to do that?
Simple. How's he going to control the curriculum?
Are you coming up with this? Are you hoping some bad weed?
Did you just make a purchase over here in our neighborhood?
There was a hundred thousand copies. He gave us a bunch of
highway money and now in other words, if we have more
teachers that's it. Thank you. Thank you. Thanks for the good news.
Okay, we have an open line in Broward. So in other words, Bill Clinton's the bad guy
because he wants a hundred thousand more teachers. There you go. Thank you. God bless you, sir.
5 6 7 0 5. So you made a lot of sense, didn't he? No.
And the pound 5 6 the on the mobile one line. What is that man talking about?
I think this guy's been to hang out with too many brown shirts if you asked me.
Hey, I'll tell you the definition of the word. I know how to do talk show.
Well, congratulations. Get a life.
I'll go.
I'll go.
I'll go.
I'll go.
I'll go.
I'll go.
I'll go.
I'll go.
I'll go.
I'll go.
I'll go.
I'll go.
I'll go.
I'll go.
I'll go.
I'll go.
I'll go.
I'll go.
I'll go.
I'll go.
I'll go.
I'll go.
I'll go.
I'll go.
I'll go.
I'll go.
Are you ready?
Has anyone called what you do today and Demon and Andrea thought she'd be you seeing on TV, like if I got colored, white and giant like this?
Or wait till you're startled?
Rather than telling them my tense is you got her going while she was they were here.
I'm serious. I should start getting all hopped up on speed. Good for your diet too. By the way until you croak.
That's what I ought to do. Get worked up to a frenzy. I should start taking helium like I used to.
A deli-geldy. Talking like that bitch up there in Georgia yesterday would a virgin Mary.
And the Virgin Mary says, be sure and do this and wipe clean and whatever else you was talking about.
Man, oh man is sheve it. Oh, here's the guy with the eyes.
Hello Neil. Yes. It's up Neil. Got a very scary story about Jeff Bush.
Yeah. I went to the game, the FSU game and he's currently for Jeff.
I can't hear you're fading out. Is it a cheap phone? Sort of. Did you hear the part about Jeff Bush?
About what? Yeah. I ran into him and I went up and pretended like I was one of those right wing religious fanatics.
And I asked him if he's going to get rid of Adolf Clubs and pornography and of course he came back and he said,
yeah, I'm going to do everything in my power to get rid of every one of them.
There you go. All the Adolf Clubs and basically I said, well why don't you put that in your speeches.
I'm sure you get a lot of votes and he gave me a real funny look.
All right. Let's hear it for the guy with the eyes. Okay. Get a new phone. Ken.
See, he's not that bad. And look, if I accomplish that, I can't get anybody to watch.
It's a guy that TV show, but I'm reforming this guy. This guy got in with the wrong crowd. That's all. He's not a bad guy.
He got in with a wrong crowd. He got in with a Gilbert and a Ken block with his Shelley, your speech defect. That's what he got in with.
And I've reformed him single handedly on your kippory at some kind of enlightenment. He woke up and said,
Oh God. And ended like, you know, we need callers on his show desperately. I'm sitting here dying the last three weeks.
I see my whole life flashing me for my eyes. The market's gone into crapper. I used to be worth about $45 billion.
Now I can't get two nickels to rub together because the market's gone into crapper.
The world markets are going to hell in a hand basket and those japs over there. Oh, well, they finally did something. Yeah. Great. Congratulations.
We should make another offer they can't refuse. We should, you know, Clinton ought to just pick up the backbone.
Get on there with that damn Japanese prime minister, whichever one they got into this week and say, hey, by the way,
remember Nagasaki and Hiroshima click. That's all you would see those little slanty eyed bastards running around like a son of a bitch,
getting all that banking problem, all those phony baloney loans and all that bull crap straightened out in a hurry.
I'll guarantee you that right now. Call again about an hour later. Hey, does this ring a bell mushroom cloud? Click. There you go.
Straighten those little bastards out in a heartbeat.
No wonder Bush was puking over there and I had sushi when he went over there. He knew something was in the wind.
Here's a mobile and sunrise. Hello. Nail. Yes, sir. Ask you a question. Go.
Exaway. Okay. I'm going to Italy in about a month or so. Yeah. And I just want you to feel very comfort and know that
there's no mafia in Italy. Okay. It's just a communist plot. There's no such thing. It's just an anti-dago plot.
I got it. But basically what do you suggest? Um,
an attack? America. Do I see it? Which airline? Yeah. Oh,
no. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No
Do whatever any know what those are the questions present on
om.
No. Michelle.
No.ite.
No.
No.
with the media
uh... with uh... can star in the clinton thing
can you imagine the media of today
investigating the assassination of canada
we would have found out who uh... who actually did uh... did canada in the
no yeah we would have found out it was jack spratt right
they would probably told us water crank i did a get out of your sir
we have an open line and they wanted broard five six seven oh five sixty and
pound five sixty in a mobile one line i thought he was going to say can you
imagine a media today investigating jfk sex life that would have been the
interesting part
as if it was anybody's business all here's june of canbellic and there's
merrill and marlon maral here's a bunch of hookers
c-like i've told you before at least the canada's they brought professionals in
they brought professional sluts in not some starry eye crazy young bitch
like this monika slut
with her presidential knee pads that was the mistake
not getting a few good blow jobs on the side of even mediocre ones that wasn't
the mistake the mistake was messing around with an unknown quantity and getting
some starry eyed bitch who was in love with the president and all this other
baloney
who is just a puppet of this lucyan goldberg and linda trip and can't have
star in all these other right wing Nazi bastards turn on her although they're
in the cnb c later night if you can stay up that late
he's the one that's right on top of this crap
yet a great show last night
i got up in the middle of the night to see if the least one last night which they
did by the way
final score
and i flipped over to cnb c and there was a rather he's going down this whole
list of things just what a scandal is going on here is the media talking about
this stuff
no of course not
they knew days ahead of time before he was authorized before janirino authorized
him to extend his investigation because they come to a total dead end and all
the other white water crap
and he got a tip from this one who got a tip from that one all these right wing
lawyers right on down the line from lucyan goldberg at Paula Jones lawyers
right to can't start and other ones that hooked him up with linda trip
days before he was authorized even begin investigation and they thought oh
great now we got something to sink our goddamn right wing teeth and do
but is a remain stream media want to tell you about this no of course not
here's a mobile in the gables hello hello nil yes
how you doing nil
i'm okay
and
listen i'm a big fan of me i don't know why you don't get a lot of uh...
ratings of the tv show but i personally i enjoy it
that tv show is a cancer of my life i was doing great here until i tv show
started i came over to the station we were kicking big fat bloody ass on this
radio station that tv show started since then i become the laughing stock of
the universe
let me have to be associated with that piece of third
i feel like i don't do on it because maybe i thought the reason why uh... show
that has that format on tv maybe that's why the howard stern on the tv isn't
doing that well either of against that we're not live
but i want but how it has a visual show is got all these uh... all this
but i'm going on there
but what i'm saying is when you try to put a radio show
television you think it's for the loser something on the tv
yeah unless you do something visual in there
yeah but he's not in a visual but huh
he's not doing that much visual he's getting terrible ratings of the internet
live on the seven night live is going on
yeah
so you got to understand all they're all they're doing how it isn't doing a
separate show you know this
all they're doing is televising clips from the radio show people already heard
it
well once they hear at the first time why would you want to sit and watch through
it again when you know what's going to want but but like i said in his case though
at least you see the visual stuff that's going on their back he had some uh...
naked chick on here the event this guy that's dying of lupus eating uh... m&m's
and candy off her ass
you know
but there at least it's something visual case release he's getting somebody
watching
listen to your guy my show there has been absolutely zero commitment
none not one single solitary time
and are enhancing it with anything visual and they knew when they came in here
i don't i don't even have room for a guest in here they knew this wasn't a
show like how it does where we have all kinds of site gags and stuff going on
in here we couldn't even squeeze out goldstein in here with a crowbar he's so big
much less put him in a chair and feed him lunch and put him on the year
that's a good point you know listen i just want to leave you one thing
uh... why do you think to a swim in
like circumcised penises
via
because the one twenty percent of everything off the top okay thanks
not bad
we have an open line at day five six seven five sixty and five five sixty on the
mobile one line
all right here you go
another holy old given us a dissertation on juz what are the holy old no
about you today was circumcised penis when they see one of the whole
the old i think they do
there's nothing like a circumcised hooliow turned it right now twenty six
afternoon at five sixty w
regressa canada
hudio bastardo
more magical mode town right on the edge of it five six seven oh five sixty
and five five sixty on the mobile one line we got hankham chula steak two from
two to five
we got the pot raised in the braves at five o'clock this afternoon
game number six
here's a lady in hollywood hello
yes man
and you know i have a question for you
i was watching the
that's so lucky uh... when he
last night yeah you're the one
yeah i'm the one sorry
and that's the ball hit his guy
because uh... he used the word i've never heard of and i i have a pretty
beat the vocabulary
maybe you can help me yeah
what is the word on extra gated
i looked it up on extra gated
i'm sorry what what is that word i looked it up it means that it wasn't censored
okay
no it's not a
no different
yeah
yeah
i'm curious as well and how do you know what what it means
it's a dictionary
i look in web series i look in
the world hit three dictionary looking all kinds of
yeah
okay well there is no such word as on extra gated
maybe it's just extra maybe how he made it up i don't know his real what is
back
i couldn't find under expert from a geek like him
i just wonder why he was talking to your audience with words like that
why would he talk to my audience in the first place that's the question
what was he doing on there in the first place that was totally inappropriate
i get it like he's going to be on there to debate me even though my show is on tape
he's got to come on here and debate me and set up this whole up premise
about how i'm ripping the ass but uh... i'm in total and he wishes me a great life
for some crap like that i'm going to tell you this when the experience
this is the biggest mistake and i made lots of mistakes over these years
the biggest mistake of my career was getting involved with that piece of
turd i'll see you right now
it has been a source of tremendous nothing but grief there is nobody watching
it i can't get any support for it i go through this whole big saw in a
dance for days about this of silly postcard thing with a joint son
and and i come in this morning it's like uh... who cares
nobody saw it nobody knows from it nobody wants to know from that place
they're running if you say when me they run like you got uh... very very or
something well you're good for them you have a great day
and it's not an expert you know what what she said
on exporgated he wants to show us how brilliant he is this maddie less you
cocaine by believe it
he's brilliant he's a genius he's a bald headed geek
now i was talking to somebody in the uh... who's it works in the
television industry i said you ever hear this guy maddie less you and they said
that's all that's the same guy
we have an open line at day one and broiled five six seven oh five six the
impromptu i'm serious it's just eating my guts out what was the point
all of this George you and your good friend Marvin raw man
that i was trying you remember those days i was trying to
just to ignore all of this and every time you'd mention it i would walk away
because i know i just knew every time somebody promised you a south ear with a
a million dollars in her however the old saying goes
it turns out to be an empty goat's ass or a purse or something like that
and i kept walking away don't bother don't care don't bother
on the label these people in this radio we don't have anybody left in the radio
on it's because just like book and when book up ryan is sharpened up to figure
it out then i got real problems if i'm that stupid i mean we'll all do a
apologize to brine he's a bright guy he's creative he's depressing he's got bad
shoe black on his here but nonetheless when he asked this dark giving me
lessons this is the guy that used to rock around watching rick riley running around
the house in his underwear while he moat is long
that's right he said the mo i see and the mo i can't stand him that's what he used to say
and this guy says that is killing you baby that's the end of your life the end of your career
and we watched it happen right here in front of my eyes running his phone we've watched the
law diminishing return here my audience is vanished they've run i had to build up to a
fever frenzy with the fish food with whatever we were doing on this show even though
though it doesn't please Danny up there it is Caroline amount water and by the way i prefer so
lay because it's great and it's from Italy and i get it free how do you like that Danny D
i wonder what the D stands for huh and i got sucked into this deal and Marvin rawhman who quite
frankly if i ever see him again it will be much too soon no matter when it is if it's a hundred
years from now it'll still be much too soon a guy who sandbag he was producing my show he was
sandbag in the right on here and you've got the huts but to bring that asshole in here
Marvin the raw man who's producing the default show under is there a tv station in this market
that default doesn't have a show on no the dog track the the horse track the the the the tennis
thing the and more power to him okay he's got to have 48 jobs to make a little bit of
understand we all got to scratch our way through somehow gotta keep that wife happy
what do you laugh about what you smile and it's working i mean cost a lot of money to keep your
wife happy sometime that's what i hear and i got sucked into this and i apologize to myself
that's why upon nobody else i apologize to me that i got sucked into a bunch of bush league
horsecraft with an operation that's the it in embarrassment even inside barrier where they don't
have television they're laughing at that thing if she forget about unexplored it just look
up the word whammy in the dictionary okay w-h-a-m-m-y and that's what i gave myself when i got involved with
this piece of turd and the proof is in the pudding baby i comment if we had anybody from this
audience watching that show it's part of these people who like remember all the people who had
the nielson meters hooked up allegedly do that help no is it true no full of crap i think they
got a nielson meter stuck inside there that's what they got a nielson meter oh yeah we're
gonna turn it on and leave it on to yeah right it sucks it blows it's a piece of crap if that
falls into geek over there's got any brains he take that thing off immediately if not sooner
but we'll continue to take the money every week thank you just out of the aggravation sake what they've
done to me 175 years i've invested in this god damn business and one is really puts it right
right put me right out of business one is really in a god damn a formal producer who couldn't get
out of bed at 10 o'clock in the morning to come in and produce the show on time not a show in the
morning at six o'clock but a show that started 10 o'clock in the morning and this guy couldn't show
up on time and when he did finally show up he sandbagged the show on freaking believable because you've
got delusions of grandeur take a look around you here George take a look at your surroundings
take a look for Luan take a look at sand the shambh look at the tremendous commitment they've made
to assist us on this radio show all we got is a log with a bunch of spots on it that's all we got
do we ever see any Greg Reen comes down here and schmoozes around for about 30 seconds and tell
me they tell me he's working on budgets and looks at you in last because he knows you still have
that bonus yet and that's it it's called life in a vacuum that's what we deteriorated into here
at QAM life in a goddamn total vacuum you can't even fight oxygen to breathe in here anymore
and you've got delusions we're going to do a goddamn television show how about first we worry
about doing a radio show how about we worry about doing our center one campaign
that because we have no promotions department that really does any work except being involved
in the family we got poor Carol over there at center one making 75,000 phone calls to
boarders this is the most disorganized year we've been doing this for what about a hundred years
I've been doing these fundraisers and there've been like little problems along the way like when
Camel's house decided they wouldn't want they didn't like that that dolphins poster because it
was too controversial for them and they became too good for us so we said screw you we'll raise
money for somebody to appreciate it and it needs it and it's going to be so picky about what we
sell the raise the money so we've had little countertops along the way but never anything like this
where we're just kind of like floating along waiting for an answer anybody know I think about what's
going on there at boarders no four stores do we have a total no do we have any a date set up and
grower to do an appearance no then I'm willing to do and I do them all for free by the way do we
have any of them set up no first time because do we ever see the land except like passing ships
the night in the hallway when somebody's waiting to get on a broken down elevator down the hall
that six people got stuck in for an hour last week by the way
this isn't a goddamn radio station and you're and you're worried about television we can't even do
radio and you're worried about television another seven years of my life I just counted right
throw on talking seven years of my life vanished
sure if you open up on those curtains sooner or later crazy sends you something good after
about the first 500 crappy curtains of garbage that nobody would want nice fonts we'd art
eight minutes after one at five sixty all music radio w q a m
what are they screaming in a hallway are they having like a convention of assholes out here in the
hallway uh-huh screaming and yelling and carrying on and gnashing their teeth in a hallway
wasn't that apparently there's a Jesuit school taking a tour out there but now
they they want you they want to meet
they say they're really big fans a Jesuit school a bunch of Jesus freaks
what are you talking about where they were they like we're in monk outfits or what
ties in white shirts more like sacks I guess I'll find out tell you one thing they're sure a noisy
bunch of Jesuits out there in a hallway god damn it
hey hey let's take a look back and in the church I made people laugh and father knows best now this great
series is back starring a few Catholic priests who like it young in the return of father knows best
step into the confession or believe I don't know father this makes the 47th time I've been in there
this week oh believe you want to be a good Catholic don't you yeah but just everybody get a spanking
father knows best it's the Vatican's best kept secret and you've got a private seat for all the fun
just enter the rectory from the rear all right billy boy it's time for your flute lesson but father
your flute has only one hall and it doesn't make any noise oh it will billy it will father knows best
once you've seen this new sitcom you'll wonder why you've never heard about it
live me in tradition to shame Peter father knows best going to church may not seem very entertaining
but there really is something funny going on here now yesterday up there that those crazy people
in Kanye's Georgia wasn't there one of the things that the Virgin Mary said that everybody should
pick a saint pick out a saint that you like now how come all the priests picked Saint Peter yesterday
what's that all about so we have a group of a fine-upstanding young men who've been brainwashed
unfortunately but they'll get out walk their way out of it hopefully from the
one is the Lynn how do you how do you be saying that they're from Berlin from Berlin
Jesuit school now you guys gonna be priests yeah this wasn't any of their ideas they just told
me what do you mean that their parents all made them go cool and they hate to like poison because
all the priests are a bunch of bags now they didn't say that I'm just saying that myself I don't
want to get any of these guys in trouble you don't have any names we got eight young guys and they're
all dressed up in the same by the way they make you dress like that of course like what a stupid
question that is they're all dressed up like in little uniforms like a good bunch of goose stepping
obedient Catholics that's fantastic and the one guy told me that the father or tool here but
every time he goes to confession he does hear those strange thumping sounds on the other side of
the confessional it's just loose board or something we know that great well welcome to the real world
life is really all about because we know there's no fact in the church here is a antenna hello
the old guy yes sir how you doing today we got a bunch of kids from Jesuit school in here sir do you
think they can get the good education here I listen to you every day I'm on the road I'm in the
beer business and today's my day off so it's going to fall in yeah well I don't do too much of
that anyways but you watch the leaves came last night where was I gonna watch that uh what was
they're gonna see that it was supposed to be on a small dish but it was none there was on a big
dish the second period
