You know that yeah, I know that last night when you were probably home you
There's thinking what am I gonna do to boost my little pathetic show?
Yeah, you probably my pathetic show that my pathetic show that the guy who's on the phone
I'll listen to every day right? I said my pathetic show that you listen to every day
No, no, but don't cut me off. No, no, just just I'm not cutting you off
But I'm having a conversation. Why do you why does some of you people just like you've got blinders on like you can't hear what
I'm saying to you you listen to this show every day. Why don't you admit that?
I'm gonna show every day. I'm gonna make them you want
I'm gonna make them what does that have to do with it? What what has to do with it?
So how you know how do you know about the show if you don't listen to it?
Oh, I've been
I'm flipping my flippin' shadows on
You've been flipping it. You sound like you sound like you've been flipping it
Hey, wait, what I want to say? What did you want to say sir?
What did you want to say? How many times are you gonna repeat that? What did you want to say?
I want to say that jerk chicken and jerk pork is a season that needs unlike the restaurant that you go to where you have to dump on your
spa, your black pepper to get a taste
We we we we we thrown it on me and we
Yeah
What does that have to do with the price of peanuts? What does that mean?
Sir, I have a suggestion for you listening sir
Yeah, okay, I was gonna come to jerk pork, but I think he already is I certainly my meat
Oh, I think I'm back right and he never my pathetic show
I'm gonna goose up my reign like I I invented this massive crowd that we had on the roads last night
And I was just salivating. I was just sitting there forming at the mouth
Oh, this is gonna make great material tomorrow. Right the stress level on a scale of one was was
Infinity, okay? That's how bad it was just praying that maybe eventually sometime before next sockets
We might wind up at the arena get to see the damn hockey game
But I just invented it and I just am an evil person who may occasionally jerk pork
Yeah, hi, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, listen
I hear you talk a lot about your rating and I've listened to your show now for a couple weeks and
And you don't like it and you're still listening well, I'll tell you the truth
I mean it's the same old stick every day
Yeah, so I don't know why you're listening for three weeks
I don't want to call up and critique and keep talking and not take a breath
You want to have a conversation or do you want to make a speech? I just want to say that you want to make a speech
You do want to have a conversation? Let's have a conversation. I'm listening
You have you talk about your ratings, but let's face her
I have never talked about ratings because I don't have any ratings on this station
That's because I haven't been here long a couple weeks ago
I heard you say you got the early returns or something was bad did not those were ratings for the rest of the station
They were not ratings on this show because the ratings for this show didn't start to the 8th of January
And we won't have those for another two or three weeks
So you're you're miss your miss can't screwing if I can use that term what I said
But the reason that you're saying that your ratings are gonna be good is because of your show
I say sir the ratings for the show the ratings for this show at nighttime the ratings in the morning
The ratings are gonna be good because of what?
If they call you follow the first so the ratings of the midday show that preceded me on this station
Were the worst ratings of any show on this station and they followed the first team okay?
Okay, so let's come up with your next copy me story
Let me ask you how come I had big ratings on IOD for nine years and we didn't have the first team on our show
Was it because I followed Mike Rineri?
Well, I didn't listen so I don't know also you don't know okay
And you also don't know about here because we don't have any ratings for this show yet
And also the fact that Hank follows you also
How does that was why so people tune in a ten and a morning and also let me say it again when I was at IOD when Hank was working there
He was on eight o'clock at night. So you're telling me people tune in ten in the morning because Hank was on eight o'clock at night
Well, the last thing I want to know why do you listen to this show sir? I want an honest answer
Don't give me this book crap that you don't know what you're talking about why do you listen to this show for two solid weeks?
Okay, I'm gonna tell you that it's because every time you open your mouth your brain fall out
Yeah, and it's enjoyable listening to that congratulations
I'm delighted that you enjoyed pal because every time you open your mouth falls out and we're enjoying it too
No, you know, I have high ratings because I follow the first team you should live so long pal and because Hank follows you and because Hank is on after me
That's very good logic glad your hired patio are new PD you're the new fluff Lindsay. Thank you. Lucky stars
You have two shows to profit you up like that's right. Thank the Lord
How did I ever make it at IOD and Zeta and W snooze and all those other stations without these guys to
To help me along to give me a walker
My little walker and I was on here talking about my ratings which aren't even out yet
So you have no clue what you're talking about my psychotic little friend go back to your play girl magazine and leave us along
Here's a mobile in Del Rey. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir great show. Yes, it is you know sports paid, but hey, what are you new?
Thank God you drive a silver vet with Panther plates. No, I don't
Okay, I passed one last time I thought me as you not me. Yeah, what that guy he called about man
That said he basically had a right man. This is just thinking out loud about what Frank was saying to that woman up in the room
So but I want to bang you in the butt honey and then the other one too and then the other one like oh my god
You're breath so beautiful. Yeah
But the bob and tops are right, but it'd be like you have an alaptracker George laughing in the background
Just gets on your nerves. I don't I don't agree
I mean I realized that you can do too much of that stuff
But I it's just part of their show there a lot of morning shows where they do that
If I how would show when they had all those people in there with them they do the same thing
There's a lot of people yuck it in up in the back. Yeah, I don't think it's the bad bob at top
Well, I don't worry about that
I worry about whether I like the material or not and whether I think it's funny now whether somebody else is laughing at it
There you go. I want in closing. You know how come they can take tips on the other show and you can't fit
Okay, we can't say what we can't say piss on this show. I didn't know that now
Let's see we can say it as an honor of her very adjective. I don't know how to hold we can say we say whatever the hell we want
All right, if mandatory can come on and talk about banging people in the butt
We can say whatever the hell we want. I want a banging in the butt
In fact, I'm gonna start wearing a jock strap and then you'll be amazed about what I'm gonna be able to say please don't pay the effort
Oh, Neil my queen
God that damn bag and I can't stand it
Yeah
Black is a man I want to have the time I company call are you I got the dick
It's actually out of my hand I'm gonna make it you will ready your style
I'm gonna save a baby. I can do anything I want to do
I'm gonna be something
I've got the power to mold and show
Away to get your real-world show at a station down in Hollywood
As long as you can stroke people
And you'll do anything I want you to
I'm gonna
That's why I'm a consultant
So what is a water sable anyhow I had one in my mouth one so Bill Tanner gives me a card from water sable from some
Broadcasters meeting that they just had and it's from sable media that says
Build you are truly one of my heroes signed to W.S.
Isn't that boy I put that in my I put it right in here right down in there is a good place for it
Okay, let's go to a lady in the Hollywood. Hello. Yes, man. Neil. Yes, it is. Okay. I have a couple questions for you
Go right ahead. Okay. Is it true?
Not the first time call I called yesterday on the way please. I have one yeah hang up on you
You must have been obnoxious and I said a curse when I didn't mean to okay. Don't do it again. Okay. I'll tell you
Okay
Is it to that you already had Jewish bag? Yes? Yes?
It is true. Uh-huh. What's wrong with a beautiful Jewish woman? I'm a Jew. So what does that have to do with him?
Are you a Jewish die or what? No, I'm a Jew a female
So do your thing honey do your thing, but I don't understand you don't understand what you don't like Jewish women at all
I don't like any women from a sexual standpoint. No, I do not I'm a fag do you understand? Do I have to draw you a diagram lady?
Have you ever heard of that before? I mean, I know Jewish women tend to be somewhat repressed and like in the dark age
But have you ever heard of a fag? You know what that is?
Fagula does that mean my friends are good faggot. So so what are you asking me the question for?
Not a material is that it? No, I don't material. Well, let's hear it. Okay
You know number one. I think how it's done tries to be like you
Yeah number two. So like I said you have no material. Can I say?
No, you can't no no ever put that bitch on again. Can you believe this?
You lady you are so pathetic and it great thanks me back to the days when I say oh we have no women called they were the women
Trust me. We have some women listening listen would be a good idea if you have something readers say like once in a great while fine
But it's not don't press yourself that's fucking bitch exactly don't push it god almighty
Desperate and she wonders why I don't like Jewish women talk about a rhetorical question god here's Miami. Hello
Hi Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, I just want to tell you I've been listening to you since high school man
I've been about seven years and here I am I'm still here. I love you man
I love you. I just want to thank you so much for
Getting me to wake up and open my eyes and realize that religion is a bunch of crap
Congratulations. I was watching that thing about last night how they executed that woman. Yeah, I don't know how your
Stance is on it cuz I just got out of class. I didn't hear you earlier this morning, but I mean hey look she killed somebody
She was convicted and court of law she had due process. They found her guilty
They sent her to die to be executed. They executed her and now life goes on
And you know what and women want equal treatment while there you go. Yeah, they're executing men and go ahead and execute some women
Amen like that like that like that you bitch had called about three calls ago
I say fry her ass before into a midnight
She sounds like a real idiot and you know I don't think she have any gay friends because she said bag
It's you probably doesn't have a she probably a bull die probably got blow up dollars of rosanne
Have a nice day. I mean go I read a routine
When you're looking to make your next to luck to the survey we took last week
Which most of you lied about by the way, but there you are
My thanks to president's a fact because he likes to oral is moral
But anyway getting back to this weed business. It's nobody's goddamn business and I less than a fact your performance at the orifice
On the a playing field of it some stupid goddamn sport in the snowboard whatever the hell this guy is riding over there
That's poor Canadian bastard
This capriotic gabriotic whatever this guy name is he ain't no peekable street other from Canada her name is Sanders Schmurler
I swear to God
We laughed so hard last night. I thought I was gonna pee in my pants what I heard on this em easy
They were talking about Sandra Schmurler the woman Curler and she's from Whistler B C or something I'm dead
Please oh my god
Oh
And you people are taking this seriously any of you. Oh man
Sandra Schmurler the lady Curler from Whistler B C
But she ain't got nothing on peekaboo street. I'll tell you that
Who is almost as good as I I be hip or whatever that the coons name was that basketball player for Maryland
Over junior whoever the hell he played for nobody cares about whether Jock's or anybody else is smoking weed because all this audience is and
They're second-tiered to be in drug-tested like this is some kind of a like a police state. Oh, it is
Sorry, I'm telling you that for years. It's a goddamn police state
They're gonna give you a drug test because you're gonna work in Walgreens or something
They're gonna give you a drug test to be sitting behind a desk somewhere because you the executive vice president of a bank
That's got like 75 customers in the Pachypsy New York. They're gonna give you a drug test
based on what
That's like the frickin ward police we got up there at the FCC that the Congress gets together Jesse Helms and all these other Nazis
And they get together with these old Prudish parts and they just make up a list
Well, you can't say there's yeah based on what what we said so. Oh, that's great
That sounds like the American way to me that sounds exactly like what the founding fathers had in mind
founding fathers who the hell were they and what what's their score in the Olympics?
They grew hemp the founding father. Yeah, they were smoking the rope is what they were doing and they were also doing the slaves the slave women
But we don't want to talk about that because that's that be bad
Let's go secondhand we've heard of the dangers of secondhand cigarette smoke now
We got the dangers of second-hand marriage. We need smoke gonna get you disqualified and lose your metal, baby
And they'll stick your ass out there on peekaboo street. Here's a mobile and four-letter deal. Hello
Hey, Neil. Hey, don't okay, sir. I think actually it did play for Maryland
I think so but who cares? Yeah, we're about the drug testing thing. Yeah
Where do you go? Where do you go the line? You say it's okay that they smoke marijuana and
That's why I brought the line marijuana is not a it doesn't affect somebody's performance
It doesn't it doesn't enhance their performance and people are like I just said a minute ago
I'm gonna go around stealing money and robbing banks and
7-Eleven and gas stations to get money to support a marijuana habit it's ridiculous
That's that's your reasoning for not testing it because of why
What is your what is your reason that you should test for marijuana?
Well, I'm not saying that they really should I'm just saying that I don't think if they're gonna test for one they should test for all
I don't think they should draw a lot of things
How about if they test for nicotine to see if you smoke in cigarettes?
They're cigarettes are illegal
Well, what difference does it make whether it's legal or illegal like I said before in the state of Florida any sex other than
Missionary position man and woman is illegal okay?
So it should be arrest everybody for so do we go into people's bedrooms and fight out if anybody's doing it in the wrong position?
No, I don't I don't agree with that
It's what differences to make if we have a lot of archaic stupid laws who's business is it if it doesn't affect anything or change anything
What differences it make? Well, then it looks like the problem is actually with the law not that they're testing for marijuana
I mean, I agree I think that they should I think that they should test for marijuana there and I think that they should test for marijuana in the
In the NBA based on what?
Based on I don't because I think that the jobs get away with as much crap as they
They get away with too much
So so another word that's only only only only wait a minute only jock smoke marijuana is that what you're saying sir?
No, but that's what we're talking about here is where the testing is done you brought up that they're testing in the NBA
They're they test and all look at you know as well as I do that if you go into apply for a job in a lot of companies in this country
Not just sports in any kind of endeavor government job
You're gonna they have random drug testing you know that I hope
Yes, I do and based on what what is it there business if you're smoking pot?
I don't know maybe they're afraid of
Your job performance maybe I'm not really sure. I can't really I can't really tell you why they do it
I'm just saying that if they're gonna test for what how is that gonna affect your job performance
Well, you mean if you smoke marijuana the night before yeah exactly
Listen, I'm not giving you an answer for why they do it. I said that but we're having a discussion
I'm not asking you to justify it, but what how is the smoking weed gonna affect your job performance
Nothing it will I don't say no. So what's so what's the point?
Well, like I said, I think it's because if they're gonna test for one we're gonna test for all
I don't think that if you say okay, well, hey, it's okay if you go ahead and smoke marijuana
We're gonna test you out for cocaine
You don't see a difference between hard drugs and marijuana. You don't see it
Okay, get a new phone sir and call me back. I'd be delighted to what debated with you but your phone blows
This guy doesn't see a difference between cocaine
Which is a highly addictive substance which affects people's personality and behavior and in many cases causes them to become
Dangerous that is correct
Trust me when I tell you I have known people who become totally changed
Personality change our untrustworthy those people most of you don't want working for you
If they're really addicted to cow cocaine if they have a serious
Crack problem or any other kind of a coke problem or heroin
Chris probably the night they had some brought on their one of the
In one of the tabloids shows last night the night before he croaked
How much how much heroin I pray heroin and coke and
Fish food and whatever else he was doing all together and vodka on top of it just to make you should wash it down
You got to wash it down with some good vodka. That's right. That's what Boris said bad enough
It wasn't bad enough that he was doing a hero but he was doing coke too. So he's dead Chris Farley there you go
But I mean this this guy comparing I mean y'all yeah, they're getting away with enough is it?
Who cares about that
Why don't we get all upset if they're beating up their wife or their girlfriend?
Why don't we get upset about that? How come nobody gave a crap at the Jimmy Johnson sign up Lawrence Phillips?
Who's nothing but a goddamn gangster? How come that nobody cared about that?
But we're concerned if he passes a drug test or not that really concerns me whether he's smoking marijuana
Not what he's gonna be beaten women up all over the place
What kind of mentality we be talking about in this country man
We're talking about people to just they can't sit down and look at this thing rationally because most of them are emotional cripples
emotional cripples
And this crap about the NBA is gonna do
Pot testing David Robinson says oh yeah, we should all subject to it. It's a no-brainer the NBA as an old
Okay, it's brought a bunch of illiterate
This is what it is David Robinson you ask whole here's Miami. Hello
Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay, he's on pit dog
Going ahead sir. I'm listening. Okay. Well anyway on the second hand smoke with the marijuana
I have a friend who basically
Did not smoke because of the government watching over him yeah, and he enjoys
Burning every couple of times. So when he went to get a mandatory
You know, just as if he came back positive people
Yeah, it's there's an officer like oh no, I was in a room with a bunch of people smoking yeah
The probation officer gave him a bunch of like I got a green bit for both of Brian by the way to the tuna second hand row is second hand smoke
But anyway
Anyway, he says that the probation officer here in a bunch of evidence about how much second hand smoke you had to be in
Exposed to for you to come back positive for even a minister amount you had to be in a room that was
Buzzbub for a couple of hours, you know constantly breathing it yeah, and I mean if you smoke pot in the bath at any point
If you like to smoke that stuff and you're in a room and they've been smoking it for two hours
You're gonna tell me you're not gonna take a hit or whatever and I mean snowboard
So let's still let me ask you some of the good did well no wait
Oh, I want to hear this about snowboarding. Let's hear this this. Oh, I mean snowboarding in the Olympics
Who is not gonna think that these snowboarders are not hot addicts? I mean I think all these guys are a bunch
addict oh, yeah, I mean oh, they are
God, how about brain testing for management that sounds good to me of course where there's no sense. There's no feeling
Here's North Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, you're doing Neil great
I have a question. Yes, I have two questions, and then I want to see them in the box
How come you can't get ice cream like Italy?
Can Italy the stash of ice cream in it?
Elato sir. Elato is not ice cream. It's gelato. It's major doesn't have all that cream and it's
not all that's a chalk and artificial crap. It's made from all natural stuff and they don't make it here
They're you know once in a while a place will come along and try to make good gelato
And even if it is good the public's tasty or so bad because they're busy eating briers and siltas and eat ease that those places a lot of business
And I see I mean I don't I'm not an ice cream but I was eating it every day twice and I scream too
Hey
I have a question for George
You guys just have this commercial called the field extreme watches was his voice on it?
Yeah
Yeah, he apologized so fiercely for it
And about let me ask you a question if this guy would have been from M today more illegal to smoke hot
Well, what were they going to say to the guy? Well, you know, it's interesting because of murder that now
That is a good point. Merlewanda. They were just saying on CNN that Merlewanda is not among the substances listed at the Olympics as being illegal
But that it reverts back to the country and the laws there
So if it were one of the Dutch players in like a soccer player
Of course, then I'll play no soccer in the winter Olympics. But whatever the Dutch competitors are ice
I don't think that's very fair. How do you like that? How do you like them green apples? Huh?
Those green apples I don't know. I say that this guy this
Graziano or Greg Gabriotti. What I say you should move to how Amsterdam would be a good idea
Hey there you go. At least you'd have a good time and as far as drug testing in the workplace
Yes, so they can figure out
It's a they can drug test you at the moment and know how much you've had at that
For typical moment. I think they should just band it all together because there's no way that you're going to tell me what I have to do in my house
In my car or what I do at any time that I'm not at work because I only work for them for eight hours
Not the rest of my day. So that's the bottom line. They're next thing. They're going to be doing fish food testing
Hey there you go. Yeah, why don't we just survey and see how I like to eat your fat. I want you to see how much food you've been eating right?
Exactly
Now you're talking okay have a rate they found okay sounds like a job he wants I did that one time
Learned about 15 years old for outstanding selection of Italian
Let's do a mobile in West Palm Beach hello
Yeah, I'm telling you I was more dicting than codes and anything I mean we have to smoke more dicking than fish food too
Correct. You're getting in his pants another room better take a sample by the way before we know I'm 38
I stopped there from you to go but before we say they fall with smoke to throw into movies to smoke
Yeah, we had sex with smoke before anything you need a pot. You can do it without pot. Yeah
A lot of my friends are still I'm well let me ask you this as much as I found upon people who I liked
Obsessed with pot because there are people who are juvenile and sit around sifting and picking seeds all day
And I think that's a life but nevertheless
You got this green stuff that had most season. I mean how did it affect your life it affected it tremendously because it opened the door to and you're gonna think
This is a joke it opened the doors to
Coast it opened the book game. Yeah, yeah, go once you violate your body
So I guess you better never have a beer because next thing you're gonna be
I never liked here, but I'm telling you to affect me in the workplace that affected me driving
Had a lot of that. No, but they argument that you know, it's the same argument as you better never have a beer because then you're gonna
Becoming alcoholic and you're gonna start drinking you know sticking vodka bottles in your pocket
I mean there are there are always gonna people it be people no matter what you're talking about
They're the outgold stains of the world are gonna go out and eat until they get to be 500 pounds
Does that mean we should outlaw any foods? They're fanding no, no, but I you know
I changed I have two kids of my own now and
They're 14 and 11 and they're getting to that age where
Um, where I remember when I was so you better stop. Yeah. Yeah. No, no
I stopped a long time ago, but about I'm saying now I'm overprotective
I look as they're bringing airs home. I mean my parents are like George's
There were refugees from Cuba. They came down here. Yeah. Well, we know humans don't smoke. We know that
They didn't know any better. They were working 14 hours a day. I was alone at home and all my friends did and we did it
And I'm calling the doctor. I don't know. But I couldn't disagree with you warm
I'm just looking for it and I hope
They keep it out of everything because it's like my life
You know something I know that when I go over to Holland man every time I've only been in Amsterdam about 30 times
I'm gonna go over there. It's a miracle that the country can function. You know it
Well, let me tell you something
Well, we're on it or less aggressive
Let me ask you have you ever ever been to Amsterdam?
Never been so well get on a plane to go there. You might learn something
There's a pot addict for you there boys and girls. There's a good lesson for everybody
He's obsessed like the fish food addicts
I say we go to public right now
I may enforce them to take a red-out of a freezer container because we have fish food addicts already
And those people are gonna kill themselves on that crap because they're out of control and let's pose down every bar
Because we got alcoholics
Let's bring back prohibition baby. Let's prohibit everything. Then we got sex addicts. Just watch
What's his name jury Springer? He'll do about 20 shows on at this week sex addicts people who can't get enough
They're doing it the NBA they want to do drug testing. We got a guy a Canadian jock
If a snowboarder can wear a jock strap whatever the hell he was
This guy may lose his gold medal because he may have actually inhaled a little bit
Or may have actually smoked a little bit or may have actually walked through a room somewhere where somebody may have
Smoked it or not as the case may be and they found like a little trace in his
Squirt's quirt. Yeah, and they're having a nervous breakdown now because they you know suit a fit
What else what else can we test for in your system?
Definitely have fish food testing because we know it makes your blood sugar go way up and you become irresponsible
And got only knows you're gonna you're not fit for driving
I wouldn't be surprised if they stop you at street corners now
It's stoplights and they do on the spot checks blood sugar tests
You know they give you that little pin prick if I can say that and
Yeah, look at my fingertips man. Look at all those pin pricks. That's right when you die pedic
They have a lot of pin pricks on the tips of your fingers
But at any rate
Yeah, they're gonna be starting to do that spot checks on street corners now
And if your blood sugar is like over 250 but I are straight to jail
You're on menace this society. You're gonna kill somebody out there
airline pilot before you get on that plane make sure he didn't have no fish food before he took off
Here's the
When it's got some pot here's for a lot of Dale. Hello. I've never listened to your show before but I
I was interested in your views on why why it's illegal in the first place
I mean, they mean this is all I can prepare
Sure because this is a repressive society in which we live let me say it again
These are kxotomy laws that are in the book and most states in this country in which or anything except a face-to-face missionary position
Sex between married male and female what you're laughing about it. I'm okay
But it's true
These are k-k laws on the books because this is a country of
A country that's living in the stone age because we got a bunch of old funny studies up there
Who don't have the balls to be clear these are kx
Who said laws that have no place in a civilized society?
Well
Marijuana case to have whatever
There'll be no national bet if they would have acted and and burned it the last 20 years
But let me say this to you sir the idea that the federal government listen to this the federal government can tell you what
Seen you can plant in the backyard of your home on your property the idea that the government can
Legislate that is so outrageous and so unacceptable as to be
In just inexplicable
And argue with that one that they're always helicopter wasting time because people are growing a few plants in their backyard
In the meantime up the corner kids are shooting themselves because daddy left his six his six shooter laying around and everybody in their brother
And his country's running around with a goddamn gun, but God forbid that somebody's growing a few
Plants in a backyard. We got the helicopters going overhead baby
We're gonna catch you the the pot police are there you maniacs just like in a low where the hell I do with that local section this morning
Here we go business man or sex pervader police this Arthur van morque
Kirk and whatever his name is Kirk and jerkin
Grana six million dollar prostitution ring how do you like that in port Lauderdale
Yet 50 women on their payroll their names neatly lined up on a magnetic board under heading such as blondes
Grunettes and orientals the clients more than 20,000 men between West Palm Beach and North Miami
You'll pay a hundred eighty bucks and cash or 200 by credit card for acts that range from a straight sex to unusual fetishes
So who the hell gives a crap probably ran a clean operation probably not too many people getting no diseases from that operation
Probably headed on the up and up. He's going to jail
Everything in his goddamn country's illegal man
Everything is the forbidden fruit if we can say on of course that's oh forget that
Talk about a fruit
We'll get about that everything's illegal
Everything's immoral unless of course it's the politicians who are doing it like Dan Rolemer
He's doing it over there and like Bill Clinton of course he's doing it the left and right in which we like him a lot more
And respected because he's getting that that's okay
But if we're getting it then of course it's evil and we all go to go to jail
Chuvan island
Unacceptable unacceptable your brainwashed baby when you're gonna go just wake up and sniff it a little bit
And the flowers too brainwashing goody two shoes. We have to have a drinking age and we have to have a we have to have an age for everything a
Smoking age in other words when you're 21 it's okay to get yourself lung cancer
But if you're 19 and as they're you're not old enough to make that decision
Just like this crap about the age of majority every you know most countries
What is this is just a matter of opinion most countries even something that we consider very backward
The illegal age for
Concentral sexual acts is 15 or 16 in this country. It's what 17 for heterosexual acts and 18 for yes
There's a different age for heterosexual or homosexual acts of course or is it 18 for both?
There's all these gray areas depending on which state you're in I didn't say gay areas
I said what what's well? We'll find out what state you're in lies in the prone or what does it mean?
If you're more than two years older you can be 16 as long as the person isn't more than two years older and over eight well
And that is right
You know guys bang the 16 year old chick. He's in violation of the laws that we're saying to me something like that
Isn't that ridiculous? Yeah, isn't that absurd?
Here's a port Lauderdale. Hello, yes, sir back to you happy circus
Yeah, on that brought to you ring the guys from
Bolton out of port Lauderdale no big deal. Well, there you go. You're right. Plaken up for us. Yeah, you got it
Another thing on the thundered pot. I own a business. I drugged that
Right on the application you bring the drugs man. I test
Right
Where we certainly know nothing about drugs. There's your kind of boss George. I thought we had that. Oh, yeah
He wouldn't know what to do with him as in
The
Uh
I feel like crap.
It's time to 45, but it's doing 22.
I feel like crap.
I feel like crap.
It's time to 45, but it's doing 22.
I feel like crap.
It's time to 45, but it's doing 22.
It's been a good week.
The waitress knows.
There's no tip tonight.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
I hope she's good.
So doesn't speak French and the frog gets pissed.
Hey, hey, hey, hey.
Why is she pissed?
But when the check comes, she can read English.
Hey, hey, hey, hey.
She walks the bar.
Yeah, we know for life, do we?
But do they have to be so cheap?
Why must you frog?
They're all the way to Florida.
Go for it!
Go for it!
Why can't you just stop at thousands of the borders?
Go for it!
We don't want you!
Frogs on the feet, you're such a scary side.
Hey, hey, hey, hey.
Look at that!
The belly's feeling over and the fannics full tight.
They're wild, are they?
They're wild.
They're wild.
I wish they'd just go back.
I can't take it anymore.
What is summer coming?
I'll help them back.
We're going to a driving cross-hunk.
You know we always have many goliens in the driving center.
We had a few goliens driving across the interstates.
And the staff at one of those stuckeys or stuckeys or whatever they're called.
Man, talk about packed with goliens with bad taste.
Although I do like some of that candy, the peanut brittle is okay.
Never have a nut roll.
Yeah, when it slipped out of my hand.
Didn't roll too far though.
Here's their coconut grove.
There's no frags in Columbus.
Yeah, that's what I hear.
Neil, do you remember a couple years ago?
Maybe one or two.
A guy was driving down a 75.
He was depressed.
One of the commits suicide.
And he jumped into his club with a six pack.
Driving down a 75 the wrong way.
Right, I remember that.
Yeah, sure do.
Stuff like that that makes me think.
I don't understand why alcohol legal in my one is not.
Right.
I was saying my smoker.
Good point.
Real quick.
How much we need to add a smoke for the same effect?
Think about it.
How long it would have taken.
Real quick, Neil.
I heard a song about tongues, religious tongues,
speaking in tongues, and that kind of gave me a flashback.
Yeah.
My mom used to be a panacostal.
And I grew up, and I remember seeing my grandmother, my mom,
and just like talking in tongues and dropping on the floor.
And I would just sit there and giggle.
You know, it made no sense to me whatsoever.
Anyway, real quick, Neil.
It's enough to give me the hibi jibies just for you.
I was saying, you know, a song once.
It was for the panthers, and all that too.
And I got to know the one.
Please let me sing it.
Okay, go ahead.
Okay.
I'm Chris Weber.
I'm Chris Weber.
I'm Chris Weber.
God, arrested for a bag of bread here.
I'm the ghetto dream.
The play be ball without a drug screen.
I'm Chris Weber.
I'm Chris Weber.
Call time out when I got sprayed with pepper.
My eyes that mean about a couple drops of vise.
I'm James Brown.
I'm James Brown.
Neil.
Yeah.
In clothing.
Please, could you play all the sticks of brown?
All the sticks are brown.
Where are you guys coming up with this stuff?
I haven't heard that in a long time.
What if five, 60 on the mobile one line?
Here's Miami Springs.
Hello.
Yeah, hi.
That was that.
I heard the guy talking about the fact that it was legal.
And it was legal.
But, you know, I don't smoke marijuana.
I haven't done since college days.
But, but this poison?
Yes, yes, you can.
Yes, you can.
And that will kill you.
It's got warning labels on the can or whatever you're buying it.
And you can go into any story.
You can go into a supermarket.
You go into drugstore.
And, illegally, all kinds of substances that will kill you.
You can go into Home Depot and buy paint thinner.
And if you drink it, it will kill you.
I guarantee you that make no mistake about it.
So, the idea that something may or may not be harmful for you,
which is all very subjective, by the way.
And a lot of it very dubious and debatable.
But, since when is that the only job that I see the government is to tell us,
you know, give us the information.
Tell us, can this be harmful to me?
How harmful is it?
And what may might well guide them in a second?
Well, that's what I'm saying.
You know, the thing is that the only reason it was made illegal,
is because it's relatively easy to grow and difficult to tax.
And by the lobbying of both alcohol and cigarettes,
which, well, alcohol is relatively easy.
But the question of cigarettes growing, it drying it out,
and actually making cigarettes on your own, most people aren't going to do.
Whereas, anybody could grow plants in the backyard,
and they just simply take a few leaves,
let them dry out in the oven, and then smoke it.
Oh, my God.
And, apparently, that's what they don't want.
And there would be a lot of competition for those two other industries.
Oh, my God.
Whereas, in tobacco, that's proving beyond a shadow of doubt.
That's killing people every day, sure.
There are people puffing on faggots right now,
who are going to croak from lung cancer and emphysema.
And we've warned them, and we've warned them,
and we've had all those craggy voice guys.
The guy that used to play Hamilton Berger on Perry Mason,
what the hell was his deal?
And then they're going to be talking about,
I'm dying from lung cancer and John Wayne,
and all these other big macho guys that are croaking.
And if you, you know, they tell you that,
and you still want to smoke, then go ahead, be my guest.
And in quotes?
Just don't blow it in my face. That's what the monocle said.
They're puffing on cigarettes, too.
Exactly. Have a great day.
All right.
Okay. What are we getting all worked up about?
I just because we realize we live in a country where our
freedoms are very limited.
We have a bunch of, we have a bunch of assholes sitting around
deciding what you can do and what you can't do,
and telling you what's good for you and what's not.
And then we have some idiots who go along with that,
who want to be manipulated.
But if you want to be manipulated, okay,
go to some fascist goddamn place.
Go to some communist country. Go to Cuba for Christ's sake.
Go live with Adele.
They'll tell you what you can do and what you can't do.
Go live with the Pope.
You'll have one hell of a time there, man.
Go live in a Vatican.
Under the watchful eye of the Cardinals, man,
I don't mean Stan Musiel.
You won't be able to do anything that's fun,
because they're busy doing taking them all up themselves.
Hi.
Thank you for calling Dick Vitow's hot sex line.
Cost is $5 per minute.
For Dick's most intimate fantasies, press one.
Oh, baby, it's me. Big Dick Vitow.
And you know what I like? Oh, yeah, I think you know.
I like balls. Balls bouncing all around me. Oh, baby,
that's like our final ball play.
And then I like the big man.
Yeah, to take it to the hole again, again and again.
Hey, don't hang on the rim, big guy.
And don't people between your legs, baby.
I'm not through with you.
Come on, let's see if you can calm these balls.
Oh, yeah, that's unbelievable.
You're all world, baby.
Drive my lane.
Baby, drive my lane.
Come on, come on.
Post up behind me.
Oh, yeah.
The clock's running out.
Shoot, shoot, shoot.
Oh, unbelievable. It's good.
Oh, that was good.
Yes, yes, yes.
