Jesus show a little respect. So what kind of an asshole would go out and start to buy in books about this
Diana just because it's because it's because it's the one year anniversary. It cut up at all this re-hype again like there's nothing else going on in the world.
I mean we've got Gloom and Duma in Russia. Isn't that what they're calling it? And some assholes are out there buying Diana books like this one I got in my hand right now that I bought it borders yesterday.
The day Diana died by Christopher Anderson I read like the first few pages and I think it's going to be disappointing. It's like another suck fest I believe for like how much did I pay for this? Oh geez.
27 bucks and tax and recapable whatever goes with it. 27 bucks for another suck fest. Man oh man. So I got some great mail here. I also a couple of good
taxes. I'm watching our show on whammy at the 1030 which I'm sending at least I'm not even going to tell you when it's on because I have no idea anymore. It's not whatever they feel like it when they got nothing else to stick on there.
And the 1030 show was pretty good so I'm waiting on Sundays. They've been showing reruns from 1030 to 1132 piggyback back to back as in piggyback.
11 o'clock comes the Bobby Bowden show. And I said what the f is this? It's the f and Bobby Bowden show. Well coming to find out this morning that they were all along we were never going to be out at 11 o'clock on Sundays.
It was either going to be replaced by the Bobby Bowden show or a show called David Suarez on fashion.
Which huh and I guess they must have seen this picture that I have in my hand which you'll have to watch the TV show to see this David and a lovely green gown. I mean he is just beautiful in there.
And they took one look at this and they said well maybe Bobby Bowden looks a little more macho. We've already got too much of that kind of stuff on here anyway.
Which got on those they do. David Suarez on fashion they maybe pick it up in place to out loud or one of those so keep your eye peeled for that.
Speaking of that by the way they had some pretty interesting people on tens last night you see that. That's what it that people want to see cleavage they want to see naked they want to see a cleavage and pivage that's what they want to see.
Now you're talking they want to see hot young almost naked body preferably naked but if you can't get away with that as close as possible to the real and you're right.
The DT needs a whole bunch of meals he looks like post Auschwitz on a bad day I have never seen it about crane will look like fat Joe compared to that that's how I scrawny DT is but anyway enough of that crap.
What I've got this great letter I'll get to that in a minute that's going to take like at least two segments.
But here's the facts we got all this crap about buddy but Paxton by the way in a papers cause Paxton that's it known today.
All right let's hear it as buddy but brings God and religion back to television with a bunch of a must over old reruns.
What is that have to do with anything you know.
Dr. Quinn medicine geek or whatever the all those shows are that he's putting back on father dowling mysteries.
Oh boy that's my favorite bring bring back the Lord to TV with the buddy but Paxton of course is a total phony and the only thing he cares about is the bottom line and make hopes to make a lot of money but not spending any just kind of like this joint here.
Let's it's a crap you let's shoot up some crap and see if anybody and they will watch if that's a sad part of it because any time you put in that rerun all crap on here it attracts an audience not a big massive and vivid audience but some audience and he'll make some he'll make more money on it.
But somebody faxes me this article this morning which I wish it was a better copy that was fax me these you don't have to be a genius to be able to read these from the Palm Beach Post yesterday thank you John and boy and get a new fax machine but at any rate maybe it's ours.
And it's buddy but Paxton commenting on yours truly and here's even a little picture of me a real goofy picture of me.
You're the usual it says this is one of those things that I honestly believe the Lord played a hand in offers Paxton.
This is one of those things that stuck his hand in when Paxton but and this is so full of lies and the error and bull crap that it's absolutely positively unbelievable.
It's just amazing. I mean born against don't lie do they they don't feed us a bunch of horse crap but Paxton bought WIOD AM610 in May 1997.
He had to assume the five year contract of Neil Rogers the number one radio trash master in Miami.
Paxton considers Rogers vulgar and profane on his best days.
Paxton's lawyers could find no way out of Rogers contract this this is such an unbelievable lie if that's what this man said.
First of all they could have paid me off right off the bat and never put me on here one day that's number one.
Secondly the reasons that they bought the radio station according to this man himself was two reasons for the Miami Dolphin broadcast and the Neil Rogers show period.
Those are the main reasons they bought IOD before they trashed it.
Paxton's lawyers could find no way out of Rogers contract but six months after Paxton bought WIOD he got a something or other which I can't read this that pointed out that the contract could be the deal could be renegotiated six months after the sale of the station Paxton happily obliged.
Total lies I had a one year window in my contract which said that up to a year after a year after the sale of the station I could like we negotiate and otherwise I was a free agent.
I paid a salary for five months while he sat on the beach actually he went to Italy then he came back and went to work for another station WQAM.
It cost Paxton about 10,000 a week for five months. Did I clean up the airwaves? Only a little corner of the rug got cleaned unfortunately but that's all I could do.
My contribution to South Florida was keep Neil Rogers off the year says buddy but Paxton.
Whoever wrote this crap and upon beach posted by the way that's a Cox newspaper I should point out they should know better.
Whoever wrote this should be in jail right now for bull crap don't they have a bull crap jail they ought to man with FU loaded.
See a lot of familiar faces from around here in that place by the way but anyway just loaded with lies because at the time that I did sign the deal with WQAM to come over here what were they doing with me?
They were really renegotiating for me to do another five in fact they wanted six years not five years at the IOD.
And putting up billboards trying to do it.
And putting up more billboards trying to convince hey yeah everybody listen to IOD and the Neil Rogers show and I remember Harry penis telling me oh yeah well the reason we're only putting up the O'Rodgers billboards we have nothing else on the station that's worth promoting.
How do you like them apples huh? When they brought in that Harry penis valentine from Orlando how's he doing now by the way anybody see him?
Yeah.
So we were renegotiating the deal with the Paxing people and even though he was trying to put that language stuff in there you'll recall that we backed him right up against the wall of the very last minute and he retracted that he said okay go ahead say whatever crap you want because I'm a potty mouthful anyways what he said and he is.
But just to prove to you here's a good lesson for all you young people out there as you go through your life save crap.
I save a lot of crap sometimes I'll have something I'll think well you know some day this might come in handy I have right in my hand a letter
dated October 18th West Palm Beach postmark from Paxing Communications in West Palm Beach 601 Clearwater Park Road.
Personal letter from Buddy Bud Paxing signed Bud.
Not but not Mr. Paxing not the Lowell W Bud Bud.
My good post personal Bud Bud.
Mr. Neoranger's Dva Paba, dear Neal.
Just saw your summer arbitrage ratings and your double digit 10.0 share for men 25 to 54 jumped off the page not to mention your number one ranking.
The adult demos were also very impressive congratulations and thanks for the confirmation that we made an incredible deal when we purchased W.I.D.
Hope you're enjoying your new studios and please feel free to call Jay Hoker or Mia Corporate if there is anything we can do to help continue these great ratings sincerely Bud.
Lowell Bud Paxing, Hippocrite Lion, Fony Born Again, a piece of crap.
Trash Math, talk about trash. I'm not the chief of trash. He's the chief of trash.
The home schlock network, the goddamn what he did the radio and all of the goddamn state.
And then of course what he's doing to that so called packs that putting a bunch of old trashed up hashed up reruns on there.
He's the maven of trash.
An article random goes to show you again because you're reading the newspaper does that mean it's true?
No.
Does that mean it's probably a bunch of crap? There you go especially in a Palm Beach post.
Buddy Bud liar liar your goddamn pants on fire you're gonna be burning that lake of fire you've told so many lies.
Even Fobba's not in your league when it comes to lion okay buddy Bud Paxing nice job by the way ruining all your station.
What a frickin liar like I said man these born again each in every single one of them.
Hippocrite, Fony, Spore Around, Liar, every goddamn born again that I've ever had any dealings with in my life full of crap.
It's just overflowing like a goddamn septic tank. It's backing up in their puts.
Like a goddamn overrun colostomy bag in cemetery village.
Oh there he goes being crude again I got a great letter boy do I have a letter?
1009 at 560 WQA and don't forget the mollons tonight baby.
Mark the wire he's doing.
When you're looking to make your next electronics your appliance purchase for this is a bunch of hooch.
Hey so this radio station.
Now the future is in doubt.
We've been talking about Paxing ever since Cox pulled out now we'll work for Paxing.
The handsome million F.
Gone to work for Paxing.
He's like a queen with more hair.
You I think that it's a bummer when the laundry's gone.
Are you sure?
Say goodbye to Aaron someers.
Say hi to Ron and Ron there.
I don't want Paxing.
And that's the matter of Paxing.
I said gone on Paxing.
But he'll be changing his Paxing.
Paxing's upon again Christian.
Bridges as he can be.
He wants to change the stations.
Ladders.
WGOD now will work for Paxing.
Paxing.
Paxing.
Paxing.
Paxing.
Paxing.
Let's go in with the energy.
Okay 1015 at 560 WQA.
I'm sweating away Diana without a year ago and okay big deal.
I'm sweating.
I'm sweating.
I'm sweating.
I'm sweating.
I'm sweating.
I'm sweating.
I'm sweating.
I'm sweating.
I'm sweating.
I'm sweating.
I'm sweating.
I'm sweating.
I'm sweating.
Nothing makes me happy.
Something happens.
It causes them grief and lose money.
They try to reinvent hockey.
They're trying to get out of it this year but it looks like they won't.
One more year.
They're going to lose their ass on that.
Then Disney has been losing their ass on it for five years.
But nevertheless, here's the big hype, the game of the week nationwide TV.
It's the cardinal game maybe.
The cardinals and the braves and guess what?
Here's Mark McGuire for the first time in the first inning.
You can argue was it a strike was it a ball?
First I saw it looking like Wailow and inside.
It's a sub to the Rumpire and etc.
What the hell difference it to make is this game has any meaning whatsoever.
No.
Other than 45,000 people are packed into bush stadium hoping to see Mark McGuire hit a home run that day.
That's all it counted.
He goes ballistic because it was a three two pitch.
He's called out on strike.
Tony LaRosa comes running out.
Our former manager, Renee walk away.
Renee Latchman comes running out from the third base coaches.
They're trying to restrain him.
Finally, after about seven opportunities, the Empire throws his ass out of the game.
Now of course the fans are pissed.
They start acting like a bunch of animals throwing balls and crap out in the field.
Until they started throwing people out.
Then the third inning just about everybody.
Well, half the people left anyway because no more Mark McGuire.
And the Fox announces, man, they're the ones whose chins were down to their toes because guess what happened when Mark McGuire got thrown out of that game.
Every TV set in America that was thrown into that game went into another position.
You could hear people clicking it and whacking it and yanking it and pulling it.
As soon as he walked into that dugout.
As soon as they saw the last couple of balls when they tried to hit Ryan Clusko and hit it with a baseball.
As soon as they saw that it missed everybody said, okay, that's the end of that.
No more excitement there.
And a Fox people were just crapping loads in their pantaloonies, baby, because they knew that here they had just blown it.
So it wasn't the question that Mark McGuire was pissed, which he later admitted.
And you could hear if you watched the game, which I think some of these people on a morning show didn't even see the goddamn game and they were talking.
I saw the game.
You could hear the F and it's this he unleashed every expletive that's ever been invented.
Something that I never heard of.
And you know, the umpire only takes so much crap and says get him away for me.
And they couldn't get him away.
And he finally said, you're out of here.
I have an ice life.
Go hit a home run in a goddamn locker room.
Go take some more andro.
Go see Hurricane andro.
What's speaking of hurricanes, by the way.
Brian Norcross does it again.
You know something as bad as CNBC market thumb on 16 as the 44.
I'm joking on it.
I'm gagging from watching the CNBC.
God as bad as they are this morning, little Brian Norcross just refuses to give up.
And here's this hurricane Danielle.
And this is on it.
It was either Saturday afternoon.
Saturday afternoon.
He's still trying to get everybody worked up into a frenzy, even though the weather channel everybody else in the world is telling us have no fear.
The worst that's going to happen is those poor batches up in a Carolina's market it again.
But the great best case scenario is it's going to move up north and out to northeast, which you did off to see.
And here's Brian Norcross and the thing on his little weather map is right there, do east of South Florida.
And he's looking at it and he's saying, well, it's right.
It's coming right at us.
I'm looking at it's coming right at us.
And all the experts, you know, they're very confident it's going to mess this.
But I sure feel a lot better when it's taken that northward turn.
And he must have said it a half a dozen times.
It's sitting right out here and it's coming right at right toward us.
As if can't we somehow force it to come over here so I can get whipped up into a frenzy they can make another movie about me and put me on television again.
And make me into a big star into instead of just a little weather furry.
Can't they make me into a big superstar.
You are out of the ball game, Mr. Norcross.
You're an asshole.
You're irresponsible.
You're a jerk is what you are.
Anybody wants to know what's going on with any kind of severe weather.
Turn on the weather channel, which I've written.
See that thing in a paper about their ratings what skyrocketing last couple of weeks with the two hurricanes.
Because people are really want to get information and not just St. Vitas dance hysteria on TV and not watching newscasters getting blow off in the ocean.
Then they turn on the weather channel and see the real stuff.
Find out what's really going on.
The Dow is down 112 points in this on the heels of the CNBC people this morning.
Hyper ventilating little Maria Bartiromo was hopping up and down like Rumpel Stiltskin with.
She looked like she had 50,000 Mexican beans inside her echo.
That's right.
That's how hysterical she was that we were going to have that big bounce today and make a nice big comeback.
And they're all on there trying to make a big case but a beef.
But they're giving us a song and a dance.
But they don't confuse them with the facts.
Okay, because they're in the entertainment business.
So here is a letter.
This is one of the great letters in the history of my life.
Almost as good as the buddy but taxing letter.
In fact, I might just say but I'll put it in the same envelope.
It's from Elizabeth in Pember Pines.
Oh, here's Greg Reed with Georgia's bonuses.
He got your bonus?
No.
He's reaching it at both pockets empty.
Yeah, get out of here.
If you don't have his bonus, get out of here.
Well, that market's taking a real crap way.
Oh, the beat.
Thank God this isn't a publicly owned company.
Should we thank God for that or not?
No, for we're a publicly owned company, we might have some decent equipment.
But at any rate, yeah, I'm showing my nice letter from Buddy Bud Paxing by the way that I saved.
Never got a letter from Greg Reed like this.
Here's a... and by the way, how come we don't have an employee the month anymore?
You notice after I got an employee the month and I turned the pin down and took the money?
That was the end of that.
No, we haven't had another employee of the month since that time when I got it.
That's like months ago.
Because I have to...
And the other guy.
What?
League Cutler guy last time.
League Cutler who sits over here and makes all that God damn noise in the next room.
Who's like a poor man's town, Denenberg?
The world's biggest twerp that goes out and says,
You wouldn't want to buy any spots with you,
especially in those crappy Marlins game they all say,
No.
How about 10... how about we pay you 75 bucks?
Uh-huh.
They still don't want it.
God, League Cutler, the employee of the month,
no wonder they kept that a secret, okay?
We'll be pitting our pants so hard we'd had a flood in this joint if we saw that.
So here is a great letter.
One of the great letters I've ever had in my life by the way from Elizabeth and Pembroke Pines.
This is the best.
Dear Neil, I am one of those women you're always yelling about.
Why don't they like me?
Those uptight bitches, what is it?
Somebody tell me.
So I'm going to tell you.
Says Elizabeth.
My old man is a Neil Rogers fan, so I get Neil in the daytime and Neil at night,
whether I wanted or not.
So what you say, and if she gets it in the daytime and gets it at night,
whether she wants it or not in the show too.
Politically, and in many other ways, I'm in complete agreement with your views and opinions,
but too many times, you don't seem to know the difference between dirty funny and dirty gross.
Then I started watching the television segments and got a completely different take on you.
On the radio, many times you just sound like a dirty old man.
Am I a dirty old man?
You bet.
But on the tube, we get to see your facial expressions and come to understand that you're goofin'.
That sounds like something Joe Rose would say, goofin'.
You're having fun most of the time, and it seems to me that TV segments are cleaned up a little bit.
A little bit too much.
Then you had to ruin it all by going into what?
Now here comes the good part, okay?
You knew there would be one sooner or later.
Then you had to ruin it all by going into a long dissertation about the problems you're having with your...
Reckham!
Oh!
Now who the F?
Chiven puts the F into that.
Who the F do you think cares about your...
Reckham!
Who wants to hear that?
Your...
Reckham!
Maybe you want to be re-arrogant of zones.
Ron, Staryl is.
I made that very clear not for me.
Maybe for you sweetheart, not for me.
But the world at large, you'll leave me.
Does not care to hear about your...
Reckham!
So I leave the room.
I'm neither uptight nor a bitch and not easily offended by the way.
Jesus, use a little taste will you?
Sincerely lily is in Pemberpines.
It does have a last name, but I'll spare her the expense and the embarrassment.
Well congratulations on the courage.
Finally we had some uptight.
I mean some woman out there admit why she can't stand me.
Hits me like poison.
Because as usual, it's not just a women thing.
It's an American thing in general.
The uptight Americans who just can't deal with things that have to do with her.
And real life.
To be very honest with you, I think I deserve a medal for having the courage, the gall, the balls to come on the ear.
And admit to going to my doctor for a physical exam.
And finding that I have a bruise, which is a hell of a lot there than having prostate cancer or colon cancer or some other grotesque horrible thing I thought.
And I thought I explained very antiseptically how the...
And there was a doctor explained to the male, okay?
If he's a doctor, how gross can it be?
See that?
Everything is dirty or gross.
If it has to do with the human body, if it has to do with sex or natural human functions, it's dirty and it's gross.
Like picking your nose, okay?
Is there ever...
No, women don't pick their nose.
And sure as hell don't show them.
They don't do that.
That's right.
And women certainly don't ever...
They never do that now.
They never take a...
They never fart, they never take a dump.
And certainly there's no woman in the world with a bruise.
Brecko.
To be honest with you with the stuff that we heard on the show a couple of months ago,
I wouldn't be surprised with what we hear is going on out there.
That there might be some women do have a bruise.
Brecko.
And women didn't even get the same way I did.
And of course I could understand why they'd be embarrassed to admit to that.
Okay Elizabeth?
Because if I had a bruise...
Brecko.
We're doing hanky-panky with something that the Lord intended to be the outshoot, not the inshoot,
I'd be pretty embarrassed about it too being the fact that I am.
But at least I'd have an excuse which I don't because I don't...
Don't participate and don't care too and don't want to even know about it.
I had a bruised rectum, okay?
Suppose I had a twisted colon.
Would that have been dirty and disgusting?
Huh?
Would that have been dirty, Elizabeth?
Yeah, yeah, right.
Because we know what's inside of that colon.
Oh, geez.
Show a little bit of taste, William.
You disgusting old dirty old man potty mouth bastard, you?
I got news for you.
One of the proudest...
The only other thing that I ever talked about on the air that was even in a league with that was...
I pooped my pants.
That's right.
When I came in and I admitted that and I told my story on the air,
when I just showed my ass to the world that even I would of course cleaned it off at that point.
But nevertheless, and then I found out that everybody in the world out there just about has had the same thing.
Sooner or later.
What's wrong with being what's talking about real life?
Do we have to sit here and talk about Diana?
Do we have to talk about about your horse crap to please you, Elizabeth?
No wonder your husband's out there getting some on the side right now.
That's right.
No wonder he's out there screwing around.
Because these uptight goddamn women who are so sensitive about their...
She's not even sensitive about her.
She's sensitive about my goddamn ass.
Which I take great exception to.
There's nothing at all disgusting about my ass.
Any more than the ordinary...
In fact, compare my ass to fat Joe's ass.
You find my ass pretty goddamn appetizing.
Okay, sweetheart.
How do you like that?
How about comparing my rectum with our gold stains ass?
Huh?
You would say, hey, your ass is pretty damn wonderful, Neil.
You got the most appetizing ass in the history of the human race compare that to Jesus.
Now that, now I wouldn't, now I would agree that's gross.
That is gross. That's crossing way over the line.
Oh.
Or like comparing it with your Ron Jeremy's rectum.
Oh, man.
More hair per square instant, your goddamn armpit in Italy.
1027 at 560 W.
So we'll get back to you, Elizabeth.
At 560 WQM all the other two.
Oh, right.
No, not Bruce.
You got the rectum.
Go, that was...
Come on, Elizabeth.
Lighten up a little bit.
We're ye stupid bitch.
What is wrong with this woman, huh?
Her husband at least has got good taste there, with her being the one exception.
I guess everybody makes a mistake in title at least one.
But I have just crossed over the line, and I just don't know the difference between dirty, funny, and dirty gross.
There's absolutely nothing gross about things that happen to your red like this is real life, okay sweetheart?
You know, taking a dump isn't exactly very entertaining or sanitary either, but it's part of real life, okay?
People get diarrhea.
People get constipated.
That's the way God works, okay?
You're God.
If it were up to...
Oh, God!
I wouldn't never let those things happen.
If I wouldn't have invented all of this crap, I never would have allowed the diarrhea.
In fact, like I've said before, there'd be like a little button you push on your side, and there'd be like very, you know...
antiseptic.
All the waste matter would just like kind of vanish.
That would be it.
Instead of these grotesque, disgusting things that we have to do to eliminate.
That's your God invented that don't play me for it, Elizabeth.
Blamed God!
For inventing all this will.
For screaming, bloody, oozing stools like where foster is still battling with over there.
Proctor is a bad experience with the Atkins diet.
And by the way, speaking of the Atkins diet, Fat Joe'd wreck a lot of beer, and I went to the Emelcoce yesterday, okay?
And we didn't gain any weight back, but we're still right there hanging in there.
Okay, we're slow.
We're slow, but we're not gaining back.
That's something.
Huh?
I went to the Emelcoce yesterday.
It was so good.
It's always great.
But what was really good was the dessert bar?
Well, I figured as long as I'm going to go there, I might as well have three trips to the dessert bar,
because I ate very, very little.
I figured, eat very little and go get desserts.
You're flinging a little bit.
Why not have a fling?
Probably not really too good for my bruise.
Back bone.
Nevertheless, they had these little...
They're like little puff balls covered with chocolate.
I don't know what you would call them.
I don't know.
They're like little pieces of chocolate that are almost like eclairs, you know?
Like cream puffs, but they're not.
And just drizzle with loads of chocolate on the outside.
They had chocolate covered strawberries and chocolate covered bananas.
Oh, and they have these little tiny chocolate cups that are filled with like a strawberry cream in the chocolate,
and the cup is like an edible truss made out of chocolate.
Oh, my God.
Thank you so much, my friends, at the Emelcoce for a great meal, and keeping me ice and fat.
How do you like that, Elizabeth?
I'm not going to sit here and lie and make up a bunch of stories that I'm holier than now, better than everybody else,
and I'll lost 600 pounds over the weekend.
The American public is so goddamn uptight with everything,
whether it has to do with sex or with their body or with elimination,
no matter what it is, oh, it's gross.
Everything is dirty.
They so dirty, baby, dirty words.
Oh, yeah, you can't say that.
Unless, of course, you were a jock.
We saw Mark McGuire get caught on on strikes and go into that big argument,
and you can hear the words clearly as well in the background.
They're the F-4, the F-4, the F-4.
You can't be word in the summit if you're a jock, then it's okay.
Right, mad dog?
Yeah!
Here's a mobile in Pompo-no, hello.
Hey, did you watch the Backstreet Boys yesterday on TVS?
No, I denied, didn't know they were on.
They are so ugly, though.
How can you...
Yeah, well, it's okay.
Don't really care whether they're ugly or not.
I like their music. How do you like that, Woody?
I like their music. Get it? They are ugly.
And haven't I told you that for a long time?
George, don't believe me that I like their music, but I do.
Two open lines in date, two and a row, and it's going to be a rough day.
Baby, kids back to school, and I told you this is going to be the worst day of the year,
but nevertheless, we'll get through it and...
At the end of the summer, maybe not in the calendar, but as far as for our purposes, we made it.
We made it through.
I want to hear from some women today who are turned off or are disgusted or not about hearing about my bruised rectal...
And about pooping my pants and other things that have to do with real life experiences.
Okay? They're embarrassing, but nevertheless, what the hell's wrong?
Do we have to...
There's everything we have to put on an ax, some kind of phony veneer, to appeal to women out there.
Is that what Elizabeth is telling me?
Do we have to have a separate set of standards?
Because women don't fart and they don't pick their nose,
and they certainly don't have any rectal problems.
Jesus, Elizabeth, lighten up a little bit.
I'm so disgusting, I just don't know where...
That's why we have all these people listening, I guess, because I'm disgusting.
Is that what the reason is?
Uh-huh.
You're the one that's disgusting, Elizabeth.
You're my whole goddamn week.
I'm actually a maid my week.
That was down 74.
And Bill Gates said, what are they showing Bill Gates on it?
We don't want to see his ugly pus.
What's he worth?
75 billion this week, and we got to see him, and everybody else is worried about what they're going to have $10 left at the end of the week.
We got to see this big damn Bill Gates.
Here's West Palm Beach, hello.
Hey Neil, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
And listen, you want to be a millionaire?
You start your own info commercial.
Yeah.
They got that juice bin on there that under your old car.
The juicy man, yeah.
Actually, that guy's only 45, you know, the one who looks like 110.
I think he's really only 40.
Too much, uh, too much banana juice.
And then you have that as lady in all of the commercials?
Yeah.
They got that cross-side, yeah.
They got that, uh, a cork of guys, he's going a cork, finally.
I'll tell you one thing now, Sunday until about, until any kind of ball games come on.
It's all that's on.
Every channel on TV is in commercials and cartoons.
All morning on Sunday, all early afternoon, just one afternoon.
They got 50,000 diets.
Now they got the Hawaiian diet.
The Romneyale.
And everything that's ever been invented is they peddle around Sunday on television about your craft.
Nobody's got stuff that.
Right.
That's right.
They got that McCorkl guy up in charge.
Oh.
Who?
McCorkl?
He's finally going to court now.
You know, the guy that was a bus boy and a stripper and then he was a millionaire, you know, he states all that stuff had the.
And big man come on there and all the other guys come on there.
You know, real estate.
You buy this kit and you'd be a millionaire.
Right.
At least finally big sees all that.
It's about time for Kranowla.
Let's put all these spakers in the slamer.
They got them.
He are definitely barely though, so he might get out.
Yeah, he did better, he'll get plenty to drink.
Okay, thanks for the good news.
Okay, two open lines and date one and Broward 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a 18 T wireless line.
The Dow Jones industrial average down 88 the Nasdaq down 43.
I'll keep you posted all day long because you want to know anybody with a brain out there wants to know.
And by the way, the GE that I sold at 90 last week that people say boy, it sounds like he's panicking.
It's not 83 and something right now.
Oh, thank God.
That's right.
Thank God you finally did something right, FATSO because you are gross and disgusting and a dirty old man.
And nobody in the right mind wants to hear about your bruise rectum.
I'm going to say it again.
I don't care what anybody says.
I thought that was a courageous act especially for some fag like me to come on the year and admit to it, okay?
I mean, so you have a bruised rectum?
Is that like the end of the world?
No.
Does that mean I did something bad and evil and awful?
No, I'm going to croak from it.
No.
No, just one of those things that goes with the territory.
It's part of life.
It's part of real life that you're too much of an emotional cripple, Elizabeth, in Pepper Pines, the deal with real life.
You want fantasy.
You probably watch Yuri Springer.
Then you turn around and watch Oprah on there.
And you probably watch that goddamn forgiven forget.
Because you can't deal with real life.
You want honey coated syrup on it.
So you have to watch professional wrestling on Yuri Springer.
And then you have to turn around and watch those pastel background.
That always is the giveaway on those shows.
All those goddamn syndicated shows the pastel backgrounds.
Oh, and by the way, magic says that, yeah, he says it was the...
I'll get to that in a minute.
Do you see this thing about magic?
Make an excuse is now why the show bombed in about five minutes.
Maybe it was lack of talent.
Do you ever think about that magic?
No.
Twenty would have admitted.
Because Elizabeth in Pepper Pines, she not only doesn't...
Farch, you don't have no rectal problem.
She doesn't have low enough.
She's just very antiseptic.
And not an upside bitch, she wants us to know.
Great letter, Elizabeth.
Thank you so much.
And I know you're listening right now.
10.45 at 5.60 WQM.
We got the Humper from Shulos.
Hank will be there from 2 to 6 to 7.
No, we got Donnie B.
Parking baseball from 6 to 6.30.
We got the books around the pregame show and then...
Oh, man, we got the Cardinals at the PP Park in Amarlands.
Does anybody care about the Marlins?
No.
Is there anybody going to be there?
Here's the two crabs about the Marlins?
No.
But they're all going to be there to see Big Mac, track for number 56.
It's unbelievable.
Sammy hits 54 yesterday.
And I was lucky enough to see both of them, by the way.
And I'm watching last night and here's McGuire.
And of course Dennis Martinez grooves him a lollipop.
Nice pitch there, Dennis, UCLA Old fart.
Groog's him a lollipop.
And as soon as I saw the location of the pitch
and as soon as I saw McGuire start to swing, I said to myself,
that's going about 5 million feet.
It went like a ton.
Both gigantic.
Not just hitting home runs, but gigantic tape measure home runs.
Enormous hysterical.
Greatest thing it's happening in sports in a long time.
Whether deep hole likes it or not.
Saurpuss.
So Magic Johnson on TV for a nanosecond
is a talk show host that says,
Lames the tanking of his dismal show on black a-list celebs
who avoided a show like the plague.
We all have to support each other and we don't do that, says Magic.
Black stars think that if they're not on Leno or Letterman,
they're not making it.
The Ex-Basketball said in an online interview posted Friday
at the Electronic Urban Report website.
That's right, it's a racial thing.
That's right, it's a racial thing.
It doesn't show it in Bob because he don't belong on a year.
I don't give a sh-
But because the top of black names in Shobu
is wouldn't appear on there.
There are managers and agents keeping them off black shows.
That's your major problem.
He says,
Leave it to a Magic Johnson.
A man with no talent whatsoever except he used to play basketball
and went to Michigan State.
But other than that.
And this guy's blaming a turn into a racial thing.
It's unbelievable.
I don't give a sh-
Every damn thing in the world is a racial thing.
We have an open line a day, two and brown,
5667-0560,
Pomp 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Getting a lot of women calling in there today.
Not.
Getting a lot of response about hearing about my bruised rectum.
How disgusting and rotest that was.
Let me say it again.
I thought it was an act of tremendous personal courage on my part.
Maybe like one step away from coming out of the closet.
Speaking of coming out of the closet by the way.
Where the hell is it?
I got so much crap here today because I knew I knew what it was going to be today.
Worst day of my life.
So Norma can't write so letter to the editor in the Sun Sentinel.
Norma is very upset because of the coverage on the big parade they had
in front of the coverage Presbyterian Church a week ago Saturday.
And crappy coverage varied on page 3B and more than 1500 people were there.
And your coverage was weak on substantial lacking in depth or perception.
And but I beat by the boot but about this was an unprecedented and extraordinarily a newsworthy event
that you did not properly share with the public says Norma can't enforce a lot of deal.
And I guess to try to pass the volume on the op-ed page today in the Sun Sentinel.
The whole goddamn page is filled with a bunch of gay this.
In fact that and those people it's a choice.
It's not a choice and all this other guy.
I mean 4000 letters to the editor and 50,000 articles pro and con and be and you know something
I don't give a crap about any of it.
Because this being America I just throw my hands up here and say you know what if it's a problem
then it's your problem because it's not going to be my problem.
If you're too immature to deal with it's the fact that there are people who are straight
and people who are blind people that are gay like all over the world then hey that's your problem okay.
Maybe you ought to move to some of those repressive countries like in the third world
where they like to chop off people's heads for like do adultery in the homosexuality.
Any other goddamn thing?
Or chop off their hands if they're caught masturbating anything like that.
There you go. Maybe some of you people belong.
Some of the people writing these articles and letters belong in those countries.
I don't have time to waste.
You don't like it too bad.
Just like Elizabeth.
You don't like my discussing my rectal bruise then go away and have a nice life.
Go listen to Sandy Payton.
Okay talk about her days with Anne Bishop.
Oh my god.
It's getting a little warm in here again.
There's like pumping in the poison gas again.
The last couple of weeks have noticed that.
Greg Reed comes down makes a cameo appearance.
Ron's out here like crazy.
And then about two minutes later the poison gas starts seeping in.
Here's a lady in Miami Beach.
Hi Neil.
Yes ma'am.
Hi. My name is Jerry.
I won your ticket, your club tickets to the Dolphin's Packer game.
So I just want to thank you for your generosity.
You enjoy it?
Oh very much so.
In fact my husband's disabled man on a wheelchair.
So we couldn't sit in your seats and they put us up in a suite.
And they treated us like royalty.
How about that?
That was great.
We really enjoyed that.
I also enjoy hearing about your rectal problem.
Why the hell not?
I don't know.
I think it's pretty entertaining hearing about people's bruise.
As long as it's not something serious and depressing.
Well I mean it provides insight to all of us.
We may have that.
That's exactly the point.
Don't panic if you have a bruised rectum.
That's a lesson that everybody can learn.
And this Elizabeth bitch, she's all bent out of shape and taken it too seriously.
By the way I tuned in a little early this morning so I wouldn't miss your show.
And that's a board show really.
Oh.
That guilty.
I mean guilty.
I can't even concentrate while I'm Joe in the depot or saying all the way in depot case.
Why bother?
But the guilty is so annoying and every morning I pull up here outside and I turn the radio.
I'm going to turn it off.
And as I take the CD out of course this radio comes back on.
And I hear that guilty voice and I'm saying to myself, why am I other than the money?
Why am I even going inside that building?
Because how can they possibly put this putts on the ear?
How can he be on there?
And how can anybody be listening to it?
That's the amazing part.
I think Joe and depot should get an award.
Some kind of extra special talk about an employee of the month.
They should get employee of the century for having him on a show and still getting somebody listening.
Well they act like they're trying to be funny or something.
But it just don't cut it.
Well that supports you.
A lot of grab ass.
Anyway, thanks for your generosity.
Okay, have a great day.
Have a good week.
Bye bye.
Okay, there's a lady who's not been out of shape about my brood rectum.
But of course she got some pre-tickets so that might taint her view a little bit.
You think so?
Of course.
We have an open line at day two and Broward 5667 0560, pound 560 on the 18t wireless line.
So magic went off the ear because of racism because the managers and the other hot shots wouldn't let the top black.
He had every top name guest in the world on that show.
And it still couldn't get an audience and everybody knew from the day it started.
He was going to go off because he's a guy named basketball player.
Not because of racism.
Okay, magic.
You pathetic pups.
Here's a lady mobile in Pompello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
Oh, I love to hear about your rectum.
There you go.
Rectum.
I mean, I'm a nurse and I sell HIV medications.
I'm kind of a different breed anyway.
But I live to hear you talk about your rectum every day.
Great.
Well, I'm going to talk about a lot more.
That'll keep Elizabeth listening.
I know that she's hanging on it right now.
That's that you talked about your little accident in the car.
I couldn't even get out of the car and work.
I just sat here and laughed all day.
Yeah. Well, it happens to the worst of us.
Well, I think you're the best.
You just keep talking about it.
Okay, sweetheart.
Have a great day.
Thank you, bye-bye.
She wants to hear me talk about my rectum.
How do you like that?
There's a lady that's not uptight.
That's got a sense of humor.
This bitch that writes in letter, well, you know, I didn't know the difference between dirty, funny, and dirty gross.
I know that you're not going to be in the car.
I know that you're not going to be in the car.
I know that you're not going to be in the car.
I know that you're not going to be in the car.
I know that you're not going to be in the car.
But this is just a goddamn radio show, okay?
We're here to entertain, educate a little bit, especially about rude rectums, you know, which people don't know too much about.
But this broad is taking it seriously.
And then you combine that with buddy Bud Pax and tell all these lies, a good board again, Christian like Buddy Bud Pax and it's enough to make you lose faith in the whole goddamn human race.
And then you compound it with the fact that the Dow is not down 98 and the third points.
And then I asked down 52 points, which is a major calamitous number at this moment in spite of the fact that all these experts this morning were hucking us a china, but I beat Bud Pax, giving us a big song to dance like a pepper alley.
Because if we would have known, of course, you know, they don't have a crystal ball, but why do they have to feel like cheerleaders out there?
Why can't they just be reporters?
Why can't they just tell us what's going on instead of trying to a blue sky us?
Because then I guess they figured if they would have told us what's really going on at 9.30 this morning,
everybody in their brother would have on their phone with a broker selling madly and screaming and now we'd be down 500 points instead of just a measly 98.
We can go for about 250 there, I think.
Here's a mobile in poppano. Hello?
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Okay.
I'm at home for 20 miles on that 5, but it was worth it.
And I was telling you, I'm a first time caller, but it's been a long time and I really enjoy your show.
All right.
What I want to tell you, I should have fired five paramedic in Palm Beach County and I have my own talk radio show and I want to invite you to come on my show.
No thanks.
Okay, we have two open lines in date.
What?
Who is that?
He's got some show in Palm Beach County wants to invite me to come on his show like I need the audience from whatever I have no idea and couldn't care less.
Next I'll be inviting me to go on WSRF to be on Jack Mark's show on here.
Two open lines in date and two and powered 5 6 7 0 5 60, Palm 5 60 on the 18 T wireless line 10 54 at 5 60 W Q a M right there.
It's okay. Just hold it.
It's all his fault.
5 6 7 are we're going to have any more calls today? Is that it?
No.
Have we exhausted the market for today?
Okay. Nice being with you.
5 6 7 0 5 60, Palm 5 60 on the mobile one line. That's the end of the show as we know it right there because they're all in the form of a stock broker.
AOL I was telling yesterday I should hop on at this morning. It's down seven again taking a big dump.
So all you experts out there it's like looking really grim and slim.
I don't want to be the voice to do them. I'm just passing this information long because I know a lot of you aren't near a TV set.
A lot of you got a 10 20 30 bucks invested somewhere.
You want to keep abreast of what's going on?
So we're going to have no calls today. Is that the new deal?
We're going to have to play music from now until at 2 o'clock.
Three solid hours of music today.
Luis Miguel the back street boys and Rique Eglaceus.
Maybe a little something.
WQ I am hello.
Neil God.
Yes.
What's up, sir?
Nothing at all, sir. This is like I said.
Well, I said it was going to be the worst day of my life. Little did I know.
Monday's always like that.
Now like this.
This is a special Monday.
Neil, all that doom and gloom in Russia.
Guess what? The news is out on Mexico.
All the biggest of dollars we loaned them.
Them ass wipes. Excuse my language.
They're not going to pay.
They're not the money.
Yeah.
All those bonds are going to raise to pay back the money to us.
All those biggest.
Oh, by the way, Washington parliament rejects.
Turner, Marinette is a prime minister.
So the Russians can't get their act together.
They said then yet.
And in Brazil.
Because there's already been one time and screwed it all up.
So they said we don't think so. No, thank you.
And Bubba's going over there just at the worst possible time.
Ladies and gentlemen, ladies and gentlemen,
I'm a lady in Miami.
But it is.
That's another excuse for these bastards.
5667-0560.
Pomp 560 on the mobile one line.
Any takers today?
No.
Feel like a guy named auctioneer or auctioning off phone lines.
Here's a mobile implantation.
Hello?
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, David.
My soapbox here in Broward County is the election for tomorrow.
Uh-huh.
School board.
Yeah, well, we don't care.
Okay.
Okay, we have two over lines a day.
No, sir.
I'd rather talk to myself all day than hear about the guy named local elections.
Does anybody care about that?
No.
Oh, I know it's very important.
You got to go out and vote.
Do you have anybody here?
No.
Okay.
That'll be if we got anybody at all listening right now.
Believe me when I tell you, if we're going to start talking about that, David,
with all due respect, there will be nobody listening by 1130.
Okay.
Was that a baby that KJ head there?
Was that his baby?
Yeah.
With that big, fat face.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Open line and day.
Well, all babies are babies.
You know, when people run around showing their baby pictures, oh, and they cute.
It looks like a baby to me.
Oh, you're such a bastard.
It looks like a baby, okay?
Babies are quite frankly almost all of them ugly.
Thank you.
If everybody that looked as an adult like they do like a baby,
man, oh man, would this be an ugly world?
They all look like me and Fat Joe.
Oh, I don't know what I thought that is.
Here's a dear field beach.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
That whole story with magic.
Yeah.
What a first.
I mean, what do you want?
We'll be gober to come on there and give him some high rating.
He doesn't.
He had every top name entertainer in the show biz, every athlete.
Everybody who's ever been born on there.
They were promoting their hell out of all the big name guests on there.
It had nothing to do with the guests.
It was horrible.
This guy's a goddamn dumb extra.
I'm having a good time.
I'm having a good time.
The audience is blowing their brains out.
That's exactly right.
He was horrible.
The guy didn't know how to speak.
Right.
I mean, what are you?
Well, I think you're nitpicking now.
Well, you know, stick the dribbling the back.
Right.
Well, maybe even dribbling down his chin,
but not doing a goddamn TV talk show.
That's right.
And then closing, there's no fact that Channel 7 news.
Okay.
Oh, oh, baby.
They are out of control.
They're insane at Channel 7.
In fact, Channel 7 news is an oxymoron.
We have an open line in date.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0
0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0
0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0
0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0
Yeah, he was talking about those goddamn Italians and all this other, and about a beep, about a boop, about a boop, I'm telling you, this man is such a phony and these people in the media, they keep writing these big gigantic glowing articles and he's done this, he's a schlock, he's made a lot of money doing it, which I give him credit for that, but he's the cap of the, the, the expert of schlock. Keep off my grass. Yeah, keep off my ass. It's a cap we've fallen and you were promoting this product. Yeah, you said you used it and it worked. Okay, thank you.
Okay, we have two open lines today, five six seven, oh five 60, 55, 50 on the 18th. Here's Boker. Hello. Hello, another 10 of them. I wouldn't, I wouldn't wish my dog wouldn't want to listen to him. All right. My dogs are fading. Even though I don't have the brain. The payment on the desk of fading coming. Jump with me.
All right, that's him. A great one
Oh, the con.
Well, Pat, you're just a little collector, but it's combat.
Kill and be.
114 at 560 W. Kim, everybody stay calm, just like me, OK?
I'm sorry.
Here's a lady in North Miami Beach.
Hello.
I'm for me.
Yes, ma'am.
Hi, how are you?
I'm OK.
I thought compelled to call you today
because you keep screaming my name.
Elizabeth.
Yeah, but you're not the Elizabeth.
No.
Thank God.
I'm completely out of bed.
I want to hear all your rectal problems.
Yeah.
What's wrong with having a bruised rectum?
I mean, is that a big deal?
Is it maybe a little bit embarrassing, but, you know,
why is she so grossed out by that?
It hits home for her.
It hits something.
Rectum.
But as a woman who pushed out a big heart-ass thing.
I think women have a little ache.
Yeah.
From pushing out a kid, I mean, you never
the same again.
Right.
And generally, women have bad hemorrhids like right
after they give birth.
Oh, my God.
They don't go away.
That's there you go.
So whenever you talk about it, you know, it makes me feel better.
I'm not the only one.
She's probably a bull die.
Yeah.
Oh.
My husband's name is probably Sally.
OK.
But.
Or Janet.
Yeah.
Maybe.
Hey, Sally.
Can't do it.
But anyway.
But anyway, I just, I listen to you every day,
and I always want to call.
But I really have nothing to say other than, like,
I know you keep talking to me all day long today.
OK, Elizabeth.
OK.
Good night.
Great day.
Can I say one more thing?
Yes.
My sister Jennifer is a media buying goose bag.
OK.
Thank you.
See you.
Bye-bye.
Come by us, Jennifer.
OK, we can use all the cash we can get.
In fact, I saw the way in this morning on a way up the elevator.
Remember the way in ourselves, Matt?
I heard that you're having a meeting with her
in the WhatsApp's name of 3-Demar,
which I won't mention his name on here anymore, scan.
And she said, man, business is through the roof.
And thanks for the great ratings, and butterbeats.
But I'll tell you one thing.
She's at least one of those people.
I can't say too much for her.
But I'll say this.
At least she's one of those people who asked
grateful that I came over here.
And I got them these great ratings.
They were able to sell it.
And they got money coming in deep inside their...
Reckoom, you know, even though they didn't want to spend it.
Thanks a lot, LeWand.
Thank God for you, at least, OK?
And then Greg came down the other way.
Said he had a couple of good shows last week.
And he gave me that kind of look like it's about time.
Whatever the hell that meant.
And it comes down.
I don't know how he can look you in the face.
That's...
He must know what a pussy really are.
He must know that.
I thought everybody did.
Because his general tactic is avoidance.
That's his whole, you know, approach the life.
Avoiding on the phone, avoiding like in person.
He always goes into hiding all the time.
But in your case, he goes right in there, looks you in the push
and comes in and jokes around.
And knows that you won't ask where's my god damn bonus money.
Just wait for it every day.
I mean, it's only the 31st of August.
Oh, yeah, I'm sure next Monday when you're here,
you're going to be really ripping the hell out of Greg Read.
I want a lot of spy reports about that, boys and girls.
They hear how George really butched up on the ear.
Here's a payphone implantation. Hello?
Hello.
Yes, sir.
I pulled over. I'm a pervert out of payphone.
Pervert out of payphone, P-O-P.
Ha, ha.
I get a question.
I wasn't sure if you've been getting your mail yet or not.
But I just don't worry.
It's still trickling, sir. It's still trickling very slow.
Very trickling. Very slow.
I moved from Pembert Pines to the same zip code as you did.
So we're dealing with the same mail at Apple.
Is my former zip code from your private box or whatever?
Anyway, it took me 30 days before I went in.
Who?
Somebody.
I was calling every day.
Where's my mail?
Where's my mail?
Where's my mail?
I had to go back to my old place first living to get my mail
from the people that were living in my house.
They were still delivering it there?
They were still delivering it there.
So I call every day.
Call every day over and over again.
Finally, no one can find the mail.
It's not at the old place, not at the new place.
This goes on for another 20 days.
Finally, I get to get some supervisor and I'm like,
where's my mail?
She goes, well, we can't find it.
And I normally get 20 pieces of mail a day.
I own mail business so I get like 20 pieces of mail.
Maybe two, I get a ton of mail every day.
So all of a sudden, I bitch at her.
I have to, this is you guys talk.
I need my mail.
I'm receiving like a $5,000 return check
that was coming back before I want my money.
So I was going the next day.
If I call her up on the Friday, yell at her,
say the day morning, I get a knock on the door.
It's FedEx with a big box with all my...
They couldn't find it and they didn't have anybody deliver it
but they had FedEx bring me all my mail in a big box.
Well, if they couldn't find it, how the FedEx could have.
The lady must have went and looked for it and found it
instead of having one of our people come over,
they had FedEx bring it all.
Well, at least that's great.
At least that way you want them getting it.
Yeah, it's great.
Only about 30 days late.
Today is the 31st of August in case you haven't checked.
I said in my thing on the 7th of August,
my change of address, I handed it right to the postman.
24 days ago, that's 3.5 weeks.
I still can say about 40% of my mail,
nowhere to be found, at least 40%.
No way to be found yet.
Well, listen, I'd really like to fuck up
and I promise I'll get mail to my house
because I am getting my mail now.
Well, let's just put you in a better way.
My girl sucks.
All right.
Hang on.
Ha, ha, ha.
That seems a little change of distance.
Just a little bit.
We got a couple of them left there and that's it.
And then after that, it'll be the end of the show.
Boy, you're sure, Milka.
Thanks very much to the anonymous person
who sent us all those videos, by the way.
They must have had a psychic premonition
that it was gonna be a really well.
I kept telling you, man.
I kept telling you I was dreading this day.
This was D-Day.
This was the turning point in all of our lives.
Does anybody believe that?
No, of course not.
Sounds good.
That was down 128 and a half.
And Asdaq is down 80 points.
All those people out there with their compact
and with their Dell, with their AOL,
with their Microsoft, with their micro-hard.
Oh, baby.
I sure hope you bought into that stuff
when it was real, real, real cheap.
Because if you got it on the high end,
when all this stuff was way to hell up there,
you are really, I don't want to get you depressed.
Yeah, by AOL, my big fat pimpley ass, okay?
I'd sit back and I'd wait for a few weeks.
I'd wait for a couple of months.
I'd wait for all the further flight,
wait for after the mushroom cards start
to clear up a little bit.
And then I'd say, okay, now we'll see what's going on.
Turn on CNBC.
See if any of those people are still alive.
Here's Miami Lakes. Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir. How you doing?
Okay. Long time Dominican listener.
From La Republic of Dominicano, home of Sammy Sosa.
See you, senior.
All right. And Alex Rodriguez.
No, he's not from there. He's from here,
but he's originally from there.
He happened to have. Half and half.
Listen, enjoy your show at night.
The only suggestion I have is,
why don't they extend it more than a half an hour?
Can you give it?
They didn't have it more than a half hour on Sunday,
and now they chopped us out for that redneck Bobby
bound last night. Boy, that frost my fat ass.
Bobby bowed in one of the most obnoxious,
one of the most predictable,
one of the most disgusting,
egotistical little son of Jesus redneck.
Because you can always move into the ex magic hour,
which really sucked. I never saw it.
Yeah, why don't they start doing something that makes sense?
Why don't they stop repeating that stupid nine o'clock thing
with the news, put it out at seven o'clock.
It'll do a fine job.
Leave it on there at seven or put them on live for a whole hour
from seven to eight and then move the other stuff up a while
and give us a full hour on the redneck erupted
and see what that'll happen.
And that's been bet that's from nine to 12 and a half days.
Why don't they have you guys in the mall
advertising your own show or something?
Yeah, God forbid.
That would be interesting.
Anyways, on a parting shot.
I guess I'm not much when I do that. Yes, sir.
Sammy so far as a nine, nine.
Bonds.
Okay, good luck to you.
Okay, Sammy so soon got nice buns. Oh my God.
We have it. No, let them fight out back in his homeland.
That'll be the end of him.
Two open lines in day five six seven o'clock.
Five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line.
Here's a Pemberd Pines. Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Jess, is this you?
Yes. Hi. How you doing?
Hey, you know what I haven't heard of one time?
Yeah, that laughing King with that ball sputting.
Yeah, good. Okay.
We have an open line in day one and Broward five six seven o'five
sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line.
Another guy with lots of good material for it there.
There you go.
They showed today is like a newer image of this time
on this particular day.
Thank God we're turning the page on a calendar.
None too soon.
Here's a mobile one.
Hello.
How you doing, Neil?
Okay, sir.
How we get?
Yeah, went up with my girl.
I think everybody in this town had a hell weekend.
Yeah, probably about us.
We went up for a wedding in New York,
had a stay in a holiday in Long Island.
Forget that the hotel had no water in the pool.
Forget that there was no hot tub when they said there was.
Forget that.
You couldn't have dinner or order room service or go get a drink
because they had the nightclub and rest book out to some reception
for a christening and all these people are able to on the more.
But her parents were there as well from Indiana.
So we're in one room there and the other.
We're dead tired about to get the plane the next day.
And what comes out of the next door room is one of the pornoes coming off of the
page channel.
It's nothing more.
Contrary to stomach than thinking a two seventy-year-old people
going at it in the next room.
Oh god.
Oh.
I wonder if they were doing a do-do stuff.
And this is about one thirty in the morning.
So we got up, got in the car and drove down to IHOP
and stayed there for about two hours hoping that the movie would be over.
No, something else probably.
The only thing that could happen in the world that would make me go to IHOP.
I mean, that was disgusting.
And we just sat there and...
You know it's something really gross and disgusting if it makes you want to go to IHOP.
And that's not that IHOP was anything over it.
It was...
I mean, that was a welcome sight after that.
But, you know, and then of course the next day the only thing that they wanted to do was go to
the Statue of Liberty.
And I'm like, let's go.
I'm going to be at the airport at two o'clock.
You go from Long Island.
Okay, well, I'm ready.
We have an open line and date one in Brown.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
I knew there was an end of the story but I guess it didn't come soon enough.
Here's a lady in Kendall.
Hello.
Hello.
Okay, thank you.
It's Kent Blockett as wife for whatever the hell she is.
Oh, that's his boyfriend?
What? Yeah.
Oh, he doesn't have a wife, you know.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
Maybe if he ever took a bath and if he was straightening himself up a little bit he might get the something.
Brush his teeth.
Oh, geez.
Here's a...even the guy with the eye said he wouldn't do him.
Here's a mobile in North Miami Beach.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, New York.
Okay, thank you.
We have an open line in Brown.
They're one of your people.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
A lot of potty-moutting, potty-moutts, fix out there today.
Get some chlorox and wash your pus out too.
Okay, when you're finished doing that, wash out your mouth.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello. Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I thought I heard that over the radio and all the time.
You're talking about phone.
See, that's a little bonus for you there, sir.
Right.
You're on my little Cuban swear or right over the phone.
Great.
You're talking about buttoles.
And this is an honest-to-god story.
Forking Andrew had to literally save my ass.
Mm-hmm.
And I had...I put up a day and after the hurricane,
because our house was destroyed.
Yeah.
And I used that now and I had no problems with...
Great, thank you.
Okay, there you go. You're right about that for the day, George.
Thank you very much, sir.
A day and day keeps the Apricotologist away.
We have an open line and speak.
Q-A-L.
A relic that quite is perfect.
My mommy will not grow my extra wee wee.
You only have one wee wee bun.
Oh, mommy.
Am I the horn?
No, no. You're only supposed to have one.
Is Daddy the horn?
No.
He has two wee wee's.
No, son. He only has one.
Believe me.
Mommy knows.
No, he has two.
Two?
Yeah. A little one wee peed with.
And a great big one wee brush is the baby sitter's teeth with.
Okay, 130 and 560 WQM. Happy your Monday to it.
And it's almost over. Oh, thank God.
Thank God this day is almost over.
All I can say is...
Wow. Seems like I said that here only what?
40, 50 hours ago.
We have two open lines in date and course,
560, 705, 60.
And the 560 on a mobile one line.
So we only have two of these adult videos
that mysteriously came in that unmarked box.
Anybody out there got an unmarked box?
One is called Lesbian Tongelashing.
How come, ma?
I thought that was the big thing with all your straight ass.
So I mean all your heterosexual guys.
And the other one of course is something that you very big at the butcher shop.
Eat your meat in my face.
What?
What's wrong with that?
560.
That's right. Those Taiwanese steaks.
560, that's right. You got to pound it like real left in.
Hey, you can't have your pudding if you don't.
560, 560, 560, 560 on a mobile one line.
Here's a Hollywood. Hello.
Hollywood.
Hello.
Yes, sir. You know, this is Mario's Ogan Hollywood.
Yes, sir. What do you think about the Jewish...
Who knew that's written for you in a church in Browse County?
I don't pay any attention. I don't know who that is. I couldn't care less.
Okay. Sorry.
Okay, two open lines and day one in Browse.
I guess nobody wants these two. Let's put them away for somebody.
Seven for the butcher.
560, 7.05, 60 pound, 560 on a mobile one line.
Mark McWire's got 55, 70, 70, 50, 40.
Anybody in the audience care? No.
Of course not. Hockey sees any day now. Anybody care? No.
We got the market going ahead on a hand-basket. Anybody care? No.
Ruckus on a virgin like total collapse. Anybody concerned about that? No.
Bob is on his way to Siberia. No. Okay.
Just checking. Just want to find out what it is that South Florida's all worked up about.
Here's Cooper City. Hello.
Hey, Neil. Yes, sir.
Long time, listen up. You mentioned before, Geldie.
Yeah. I had the call when I heard that because I feel the same way.
What about that guy, Joe? He makes me nauseous every time I hear him on the radio.
Okay, then don't listen. That's my best suggestion for you, sir.
Two open lines and day one and Broward. 560, 7.05, 60 pound, 560 on a mobile one line.
Here's Hollywood on it. Okay. Thank you. Excellent. How long do you wait for that?
Dave County's open 560, 7.05, 60 pound, 560 on the 18 T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello.
Neil, my day is on just like the market has today. Yeah.
Welcome to great mood among vacation. My hemorrhoid is excited.
The market was crashing, but I've got nobody in the market.
I got to have a drink. Guess who I see at the bar?
Rick Sanchez. My husband. Yeah.
He looked real and easy before I go. I was short day to day. Yeah.
I didn't have much of a day. Yeah. He gets up and he leaves.
Uh-huh. Well, I do a little suspension. I get in my car.
He goes to my house to deliver my mail.
He wasn't done. He was partying in the middle of the day.
Okay. Thank you. Okay. We have two overlines in day one and
Broward 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a mobile one line.
Here's a. I'm going to tell you this to me today has been very revealing.
Okay. Because this business about Mondays always being the truth.
The fact is that these people have gotten no material.
This town isn't just dying. This town is completely dead. It's the O.A.
Get the guy. Damn certificate. The death certificate.
Get out and I'll be signing. Okay. Dr. Neil and Dr. Kavorki and we'll both sign it.
You couldn't find a guy. Damn pulsing his town. If your life depended on it.
Man, oh man. A chef is these are the most pathetic group of losers I have ever heard in my life.
Have you ever heard anything like this? No. Never in 40,000 years of doing this.
I have never market sound 135 by the way on the down 82 points on the last day.
I just keep mentioning this because the real people out there got a few bucks invested
somewhere work for a hundred years to try to make a buck or two planned on retiring some time in the near future.
And now those of us who've been thinking about those things have gotten like an
oozzi right next to our goddamn temple right now. Anybody got an oozzi in their temple.
And the orthodox by the way say don't call it a temple.
Here's a pompano. Hello. Yes, sir. Neil, how you doing?
Okay. Hey, it's almost over buddy. Thank God. And you ever heard such a bunch of pathetic people.
I they can't even make up good stories today. They're even the stories are boring.
Well, that last guy almost got through with the couple. What have gotten you?
The guy before me? A couple couple of what? A couple of good remarks that almost got by.
I never knew you could hear the other guy on the phone. Yeah, you can hear that.
Okay. Let's go to a mobile in four-letter deal. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Good afternoon, sir.
Okay. It's one thirty four. And I'm still waiting for the first call of the. Yes, sir.
Well, I'm going to get right to the point. I'm going to be the one of the bush. Can I fuck up for one of those dirty movies?
No, see dirty movies. No, but we will give you Elizabeth's home number in Pepper Pines,
Anna Reddress and shoe size. Dirty movies. Okay. See, this is America for you.
If there's sex in it, it must be dirty. Everything connected with sex is dirty.
Everything connected with the body is dirty. If some of you people would bathe like on a monthly basis,
maybe you wouldn't feel so dirty about the human body. I mean, good God almighty.
What are we talking about over here? Dirty movies. Sir, you sound like about a...
In fact, he probably watches Wamy because he sounds like he about a four-year-old mentality.
Probably watches those cartoons all day long. That's a way to get it.
You want to guarantee on TV, put on a bunch of cartoons and old reruns.
You know, Beverly Hill believes all that crap that Paxton's put on.
Dr. Quinn, Father Dowling, mysteries, all that crap.
You're in T. Every trader parking in America will have that crap on.
And every little punky kid will have the TV set locked up every hour that those cartoons are on.
Put on Spider-Man on a station that even... not even on the area, they still got a four-year.
There's not even a single coming over the TV set yet, but if you tell the kids Spider-Man's on here on Channel 110,
there he's watching it.
Tell those little girls on there that some punky little rock group will be on there.
Somebody like Manuto. What's that new, is that Manuto Jr. or something?
Yeah, the Backstreet Boys. No, not the Backstreet. See, there you go again.
By the way, you'll enjoy the best of Neil Dex Monday from 10-2.
The Backstreet Boys and Manuto. Man, you are just relentless on unyielding and your taste is in your tush.
I think Elizabeth might have been... maybe she misadressed the letter.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello?
Hello? Yes, sir.
Bill, I just hope you... and I really enjoy your humor.
But what I find more interesting is the simple fact that you really, really do talk about the things that do matter in our world today.
No one seems to care about whether it be the marker or what's going on in Russia.
And I find a very refreshing actually.
You're a fine refreshing one, then. Nobody cares about it.
No, that's not...
No, almost nine points. AOL's not like just over 87 American online that people were trying to tell me I should buy yesterday at 96 in a fraction.
No, you have to wait. And what else? You know what else?
Have to wait for what?
You have to wait for your dad to show you how the Russians are cute too. That was quite funny, actually.
No, okay, thank you.
Okay, and we have an open line today. Five, say, who are these people?
Who are these people? They sound like voices coming out of a very boring computer.
But they all sound the same. They sound like the same people with absolutely no personality, none zero, Zimini Duda, Blan.
23 till two at five sixty WQM. I'm going to tell you something. I'm heading for fish food today.
What? What is shaking your head about?
I am going to be doing fish food, not just a pint. I'm not just a half gallon.
I'm going to buy publics and if they got a hundred of them, I'm buying whatever they got. Every single one of them.
I'm locking myself in my computer room. I'm turning on the goddamn internet. That's right.
I'm going to the stock market thing.
And then instead of putting the gun to my head, I'm just going to eat fish food.
Hmm. I want a way to go.
You really believe I'm going to eat fish food today? Are you crazy?
Why not?
I shouldn't have had that goddamn lunch. I told you, what did I say to him?
You're a witness. I said, don't ever even ask me again.
Don't ever ask me again. And when this stuff came in, I said, well, what is it assuming that maybe it was life?
I thought it was pizza. So I thought I have like the topping from one or two slices.
Oh, I got you this just again. And of course, I ate the whole goddamn thing.
Don't ever ask me again.
As whole, this is a goddamn radio station. Not a freaking restaurant.
If you, if I, if I wouldn't have eaten the meal, then last year, since we've been here last eight months,
on this radio, if I wouldn't have eaten any of the food that I eat here during the show every day,
how much, how much less weight you think I'd have, huh?
How much?
Longing for pounds.
None. You're full of crap. You eat ice cream on the way home.
No, I don't. Stop at the station. No, I do not.
But what difference does it make when I eat on the way home?
If I didn't eat what I'm eating here, what difference would that make?
Subtract everything that I'm eating here? I probably weigh about 130 pounds.
And I'd have to eat ice cream on the way home just to get back up to my normal weight.
I said to this man, do not even ask me. Are you eating it?
It's the first thing he says every guy they want. Are you eating today?
It was their idea. Nothing I want to play.
I make it eat all they want. I don't be grudge. Then they're in here for a million hours.
I don't be grudge anybody else.
No, damn. But who's the idea?
Brad. So, is there only one something for Neal just in case?
No, I just in case.
Something nice and acting.
That asshole Brad over at Tony's.
I tell you one thing. That food.
Starting to back at you a little bit.
Now that's just a joke, Brad. You're okay. Just don't do it again, asshole.
21 before two. See they can't stop. They can't stop.
Leave me alone with your food already.
I got to put up with a stress from an audience man.
This is an unbelievable bunch of dunderheads today.
If I've talked to three people today who had a personality more than one on a scale of five,
it was a major miracle.
What's going on out there in the hallway?
They playing grab ass with me cover again.
Jesus, can't you guys see anything?
Even on grab a Shelley wouldn't touch him.
21 till two at five six.
Q-A-L.
Maybe you milked my jockey shorts.
Comrades, as your war had been lying, Bourbon,
is the only thing rising in your life the price of meat?
Then you need to come to Corby's house of penis broke out.
Moscow's first decade in house of pleasure.
Who say to me, Miguel?
When you were leader of the country, I could not get bread.
Well here at Corby's house of penis broke out.
I've got things that will really make your door rise.
Coming this week, good deals and Benoit Borsky.
Dildorsky, Getsky, and much, much more ski.
For checkout our Dotsky Eski Crime and Punishment Room,
you won't be sorry or maybe you will.
Or rent a blue ski movie like last hangolin in Estonia
and look for a sister shop opening soon in China.
Chairman Wang's house of who?
Remember comrades, Bourbon's house of penis broke out.
Come soon and come often.
143 at five sixty WQA.
I'm here's a mobile in Delray B.
Chelo.
Nail.
Yes sir.
Shut up, you need a movie.
Yeah, likely story.
Okay, good call sir.
We have an open line in day one in Broward five six seven oh five sixty
five sixty on a mobile one line.
Here's Hollywood, hello.
Nail.
Yes sir.
I normally wouldn't call you this but I have a feeling that you have your head into the
McGuire and so such thing a little bit of my right.
What do you mean by that?
Well, I have my head in the wood.
Well, it sounds like you have a little care about I know you like hockey but normally you
don't talk much about baseball.
I like plenty of baseball.
It's just that I'm not a big baseball fan anymore but this transcends being a fan.
It's a special thing.
Or you know, there's something that I haven't heard a lot of talk about.
I know that if McGuire might hit one tonight or if so, it could hit two.
Yeah.
Either one of them will break the all time national league record today.
And the funny thing is, you know, they always say that Marys has an asterisk by his name but
McGuire has got 18 games to hit six to break the...
Wait a minute.
What's the national league record?
I thought Hac Wilson had that.
56, yeah.
56, yeah.
And...
And well, the main thing I always consider, Babe Ruth, you know, 154 games, 60 was insurmountable.
Well, that's where both these guys have a good shot to break it in 54.
And what about Roger Marys?
Do we leave him out?
Okay.
Thank you sir.
I guess Roger Marys don't count.
Oh, I see what he's saying, and to do it in 154 games.
I don't care about the number of games.
It doesn't mean anything because, you know, you're comparing two different eras anyway.
You've got all this expansion out, all these horse-craft pictures.
Look at him, Arlen pitching staff, please.
If you have a strong stomach, people do not want to understand it.
They keep talking about, well, it's the end-roso, the end-roll he's taken.
It's the...it's a bunch of bull-craft.
It's a lot of minor league pitchers out there.
That's a big part.
That's why all the...
Everybody in their brothers got 30 home runs this year.
But that's okay.
Don't try to diminish it by saying that.
It's a great thing.
Let's squeeze on to it, especially now that the world is going into a big massive depression.
Let's at least have something we can be positive and excited about.
Even if it's just a goddamn baseball thing.
Here's a mobile in Hollywood.
Hello.
Thank you. I don't.
Okay, sir.
Mike and Donald, please do that.
Oh, please.
This is the all-time...
This is going in the anals of shame.
I should have said anals of Elizabeth to get upset again.
Listen, you were talking earlier about the pregnant virgin.
Yeah.
Did anybody call you on that?
Nobody has called me about anything that I've talked about here today, sir.
I always had as a bunch of stupid little amateur comedians trying to be humorous
and to try to suck around and every one of them has failed.
Isn't it possible this woman could have been artificially inseminated?
Well, let me ask you something.
How did Jody Foster have that baby?
Yeah, there you go.
Ask Jan Arena or she'll tell you.
She'll help you figure it out.
Broward County's open all three lines in Broward.
This is a gross, gross moment in my life.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
That's because I just mentioned Janet Reno and Jody Foster in the same sentence.
Oh, man.
Just stopping thinking, that's worth an ambitious and what's your name?
Sandy.
I don't want to say it because I don't want to get our friend Cheryl upset.
Oh, yeah, she's real tight with Sandy.
I don't know how just how tight but our good old friend Cheryl over there
that never brought my Italian books by the way.
I would love to keep you all to myself.
El Paso.
Sandy and Cheryl, they were just like this boy over at the old old IOD.
In fact, Cheryl used to say, yeah, you're all candy.
I have some good times here.
But boy, we sure miss those days with Bill Smith and Sandy.
Those were the days.
Here is Miami. Hello.
Miami.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Guarron.
What is it?
Guarron.
Oh, I didn't hear the first part.
You got to be not here.
It's right in here.
Bugarron.
Okay.
I didn't hear the bugger part.
You know what I'm talking about?
I've just heard Arron.
Here's Cape Coral.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, Bugarron.
What the buddy butthole, the kind of idiot it was, I think he bought that station at Rampport,
Myers.
He's putting on religious programming or something.
Okay, thank you.
Here's a lady mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Man.
Hi, Neil.
How are you?
Okay.
My mind was a little bit scrambled.
You'll have to excuse me.
It's just a little scrambled now.
Mine too.
I've got my gun here on my car seat next to me.
Good.
Excellent.
I'm watching the market and I'm getting a big dump and I can't hear you.
Uh-huh.
Anyway, I just thought to tell you that I'm here.
I'm listening to you.
I'm listening to you.
I'm saying such and everything you say.
And I've been saying a sentence in any way.
I just want you to know that I'm not worried.
I'm not worried.
We're not all, uh, you know what, but yeah.
Like they told Gary Gilmore, hang on every word.
Okay, have a great day.
Good luck to you.
Well, yeah, have a great life.
We have an open line in Dave County, 5667, 0560.
It was no lady in pound 560 on the mobile one line.
What was that?
Under term and origin?
It was 11 before.
Look at that.
12 before.
Let's do it now anyway.
Let's get it over with.
I'm going to do the break and I'm going to just lay on the floor.
I'm going to like that for the last 10 minutes.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to have to do it.
