I'm pretty good.
I'm looking straight for me.
Jerry Smith and the guys are a lot of guys.
I heard that guy from Tennessee last night.
We won't tell you, but I saw a lot of option.
And then for a while, you were running out there.
I'm not there.
I'm not there.
I'm not there.
I'm not there.
We want to see how good the test couple of Saturday night.
Coach, go get her.
Okay, Susan, from you, Miss Ella.
He won our Supergator.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
4-106.
Steve's with self.
Stop.
Okay, so there you have it.
It's Gordon Sully would say.
Steve's spirit.
Well, we've never been able to get a spirit on the show anyway,
because once he got good with the Gators,
he didn't want to do any more radio shows.
I guess he figured he had a solid recruiting base down here.
And some of the assistant coaches that come on really
haven't said too much.
Depot, they do just fine in South Florida.
It members of Congress had a five-year affair
with Snoggrass's wife Sherry in the 1960s.
Now, some people are going to say,
ah, that's a long time ago.
And so what about it?
Hyde leads the panel that will decide whether to pursue
impeachment against President Clinton.
It's a good thing.
I'm a calm guy since Snoggrass.
If I'm warned, I might have gone around shooting people.
This man Hyde is the most extreme hypocrite who was heated judge,
maybe even condemned the president for having an affair,
asked Snoggrass.
Snoggrass vividly remembers seeing Hyde walk out of his wife,
Chicago apartment in 1969.
They had been divorced two years at the time.
I went over there to talk to Sherry,
and she was buttoning her blouse at the door, Snoggrass said.
Then a minute later, out he came.
Scored, scored, no doubt about it.
It was Hyde.
It wasn't Dr. Jekyll.
It was Mr. Hyde.
Hyde married at the time,
had an affair with Sherry Snoggrass from 1965 to 1969.
Snoggrass fell in love with his wife in 1952,
married her two years later.
He accidentally found out about the affair from his five-year-old son,
Monty, in 1965, the full Monty.
His couple had two other small children ages eight and nine.
The couple divorced in 1967.
In other words, this asshole broke up their marriage.
How do you like that?
In fact, at the end of this thing, it says Snoggrass is,
I've heard people talk about what a great honest man Hyde is
that he's the best man for the job,
meaning the impeachment decision.
Snoggrass said his eyes welling up with tears.
The man destroyed my family and me is what he says.
The great self-righteous Henry Hyde.
And of course, Henry Hyde's comments,
well, you know, this is ancient history
and the statute of limitations as long since passed
on my youthful indiscretion.
What difference does it make if it happened 30 minutes?
In fact, is that this guy who was married, Henry Hyde,
screwed around with somebody else's wife,
broke up their marriage,
and for an affair that went on for four years,
four more years.
So really is it really?
And of course the Republicans are outraged.
That's right.
House majority whipped Tom Delay,
Republican of Texas, a real good right wing old boy,
says this attack on Chairman Hyde launched by Salon Magazine,
which is a close ally of the Clinton White House,
is the most despicable, most disgraceful,
most disgusting piece of rumor-mongering I've ever seen.
What do you mean rumor-mongering is it true?
Uh-huh.
Yeah, so what do you mean rumor-mongering?
In other words, just like Dan Burton
with his illegitimate kid,
just like Mary Chenoweth from Idaho,
with her affair,
these are all true things that are being brought out of the closet.
In other words, if it's good enough for the goose,
if it's good enough for the president,
it's good enough for all these other sanctimonious hypocrites
like I've been telling you for weeks on this show
and why the hell of media people are talking about this,
I don't know.
I do not understand it.
And what the hell difference does it make
was she was 21 and he was 51 or she was 25
and he was 75?
What the hell has that got to do with it?
They're considering adults.
Last time I checked,
21 is over the age of 18.
Last time I checked, I could be wrong.
You think?
No.
I don't think so.
Absolutely unbelievable.
Well, I mean, really very believable
that the fact that, you know,
if you look at other people's closets in their past,
you're going to find out they've been screwing around.
Not everybody,
just most everybody.
And here's the guy that's going to sit there
and he's going to make judgments about the president's morality
based on his sexual activity
and covering it up.
And we're not for the fact that this article was leaked
in this salon magazine.
Nobody would know about this.
I think if we have a right to know
about not only the president's screwing around
but every last detail of it
and if the public has a right to see his secret grand jury testimony
and Kenneth Starnes,
people have been leaking and leaking and leaking
all over the place for the last couple of weeks.
They're just maybe we have a right to find out of all these
and other sanctimonious assasils.
What are their qualifications?
What is their background that they're going to sit
and make moral judgments for America on who is qualified
and not qualified to be president, dog catcher,
whatever the hell they're going to be?
So let's cut with a bullcrap.
Okay, let's stop with a hypocrisy
because that's what we're dealing with.
I use this word weeks ago and I'll say it again today.
Sanctimonious goddamn hypocrites.
That's what they are.
They're all screwing around,
have been screwing around,
will be screwing around.
Like somebody said the other day,
how many people right now in the house in the center
are screwing around with members of their staffs?
They're screwing around with their staff, so to speak.
But the media, the mass media,
man, don't confuse them because they're on a one pony mission here, man,
and they're out there on their highway
and they're taking that pony and whipping and slashing and beating it.
Because they just got, they smell the blood.
It's like the hunt of the hounds in England.
They smell the blood, that presidential blood,
and they're out to get it.
And they're going to show this videotape
and you're going to see him getting all red in the push
and get all bent out of shape.
And who the hell wouldn't be?
When you have some asshole, some born again,
self-righteous, asshole, religious nutcase,
Ken Star from Texas,
asking a bunch of unbelievably personal questions
of a man who's the guy that put it into the country.
Did you stick it here?
Did you touch your prestige, etc. and so on?
Was it good?
No.
Probably not.
Practice makes perfect.
I guess he was just figuring if they did enough,
maybe one, you know, sooner or later,
it might be good, and I guess it wasn't.
Ten minutes after ten and five.
Q-A-L.
Don't ever drive your breath, they're beautiful.
This week, something is come over
EGENDS MODER IN SCULLY.
Something strange, something obscene,
something bonger.
What the f*** is happening to us?
The expletive file.
Oh s**t.
Agent Fox f***ing Molder.
No s**t, Sherlock.
I just called to tell you something.
What?
Tick my s**t.
The expletive files.
Ken Sculling and Mover find out why they're cursing like sailors
before the network sensors go berserk.
Q-A-L.
It's Molder.
Oh, it's Sculley.
I think I figured out why we're swearing all the time.
I think we're f***ing possessed by the spirit of Martin Warren.
Get the f*** out.
The expletive files.
The f***ing truth is out there.
Yes, so what the f*** is your problem anyway?
10-14 at 5-60 WQM.
So when are you getting back to Henry Hyde
for just the two or three hours?
The revelations about Hyde came only days after disclosures
that Representative Helen Chenoweth, Republican of Idaho,
had admitted to an affair with a married man
and Representative Dan Burton, right-wing fascist Republican of Indiana,
had acknowledged fathering a child in an extramarital affair,
both our persistent critics of Clinton,
both our sanctimonious hypocrites.
How do you like that?
And this is just the tiny little,
this isn't even the tip of the iceberg.
This is just like a thumbnail, like a scraping,
like a hang nail of the iceberg of the Goldberg.
Yeah, how's that Lucian Goldberg doing up there, huh?
Running around chasing George McGovern
with a cassette recorder?
A f***ing bit.
Yeah.
What a coincidence.
All these people.
It's just the coincidence you understand.
This isn't some right-wing conspiracy.
These aren't a bunch of born-again Bible-thumping fanatics
who want to drum the prison out of office.
And I'm going to tell you who really deserves most of the blame,
because like I've said it before,
if it weren't for the media,
just pounding away on this,
pounding and pounding for the last eight months now,
even in spite of the fact the public saying,
we can't stand it.
We don't care.
Don't you understand?
Look at the polls.
We don't care who he's diddling.
Things are going fairly well.
But now the market's taking a good dump today,
so they might say, oh, look out.
Maybe the economy isn't as great as you think it is.
But in spite of that,
yesterday I'm watching,
I'm flipping all over the place.
And here's the sanctimonious Tim Russell
with his big red pussy-n-o for me to press on NBC.
Who they got him all over.
He's on MSNBC and see.
MSNBC just ought to be called the impeachment channel.
Now, seriously, they should drop any pretense of fairness
or impartiality on MSNBC,
because it's the impeachment channel.
They're sitting there foaming at them out like rabid dogs.
And yesterday they bring out the very liberal Tim Russell
who's partisanship is well known, by the way.
And now all of a sudden, he's caught up in all of this.
And oh, you know,
when this tape comes out,
it could be very, very bad.
And if they, yeah,
and they're showing the current polls,
which are all still,
basically where they have been for days and weeks now.
But he's saying, well,
if it should drop below this
and if it should go below that,
things will be very, very bad.
You know, it's like a death wish is what they've got.
In other words, if we keep telling you what's going to happen,
it's going to happen.
That's what it is.
It's a self-fulfilling death wish.
If we keep telling you that he just can't stay in there,
that they're going to whip his ass out of there
and impeach his ass or he's going to resign,
it's going to happen.
We're just going to make it happen.
That was down 186,
the NASDAQ's down 45.
One other thing before we get into anything else,
and I realized this isn't for exciting.
And I've talked about these things.
I know I can't on this radio show
or any other way with a magic wand change,
the behavior of the people in this town.
But I'm going to tell you,
and this is very sad, but it's true.
I believe that with the next,
who knows, a couple of months,
somebody who's listening to me right now
is going to be dead
because of the red light runners.
And you cops out there,
I'm going to tell you,
I understand that you don't make the policy
and I realize it's very,
I was thinking about that coming to work today
after this episode,
which I'll relate to you.
I mean, it's very difficult to catch people
red and red lights
when they're at 10 of them at the same time.
I mean, it's easy to set up speed traps with a radar.
You do that off the side of the road.
You catch them in the air,
like shooting fish in a barrel,
and you can single out,
you know, identify who the cars are.
But when you got all these people turning,
they can double their power.
Now, let me give you an example of what it was this morning.
I went to get a haircut before I came to work,
so I went out,
rowered Boulevard,
to a university.
And I'm over there right by the rowered mall,
you know,
corner of the brown or the university,
I'm going to make a right hand turn.
And now, the light,
the left turn lights are green,
okay?
The people going east,
they're going left,
and the people coming west are going left.
Now, the light turns yellow.
So, at this point,
I'm assuming that people are going to start stopping.
Of course not.
Now, listen to this.
The red arrow for the left turn on my side turns red.
So, you know, it's red on the other side,
because now the green lights
for straight ahead traffic come on.
So, there is no question.
This is my hand to the sky,
to Madeleine, Marieau, here, okay?
Ten cars.
Five, in other words,
there are two lanes that turn each way off of
a browered Boulevard on the university.
Five pairs of two.
Is there any other kind of a pair?
Five pairs of cars.
In other words,
ten cars continued after the red light,
and the lights were green for going straight ahead.
And thank God nobody went straight ahead,
because now the way you're driving this town is,
and I'm going to go ahead and say,
okay, well, let's sit around and wait and see
when they decide they're going to finally stop.
And I saw two more examples of this before I finally got
on the goddamn Hershey Highway to come to work this morning.
You people who drive like this belong in jail.
You're trying to kill people.
I never saw anything like it in my life,
and it gets worse and worse and worse.
And you sit there and you're like,
like, what are you, what are you,
what in God's name?
Are you doing?
Yesterday I'm driving on,
what the hell was it?
I'm Pine Island.
And it's a red light.
And I'm over in one lane,
there's some dark,
complex guy in a van in the middle,
or a truck,
some kind of a little truck.
And he starts edging forward.
Keep in mind, the light is red.
He starts edging forward,
and he just goes.
You know, like 20 seconds later,
the light changed,
but he just goes.
Like, I'm just, you know,
the light is red,
but I'm going to kind of inch forward
and see if I can go,
I'm going to go,
because I'm going to hurry.
I don't have time for this.
We have basically,
anarchy on the roads of this town.
I can't speak for the rest of the state,
because I don't spend that much time
at the rest of the state.
But we have anarchy on a highway,
on every road,
on every street,
every place where there's a stoplight.
And I am begging you people
whoever make these decisions.
On what law enforcement
are going to,
as far as traffic enforcement's concerned,
you've got to do something about this,
because somebody,
I'm telling you,
somebody who's listening to me right now
is going to be dead in the next few months,
and maybe several of you,
if this doesn't stop.
Most frequent cause of accidents
and intersections.
Because I mean, how,
how, what kind of conscience?
It's one thing to run a light.
Okay, it's yellow,
and we've all done it.
I try not to do it.
In fact, if I,
if I know that I just,
you know, didn't even quite make it,
if it was closed,
I feel really bad.
Like, I want to hell that I do that.
But I mean,
running a light like,
15 seconds after the light has changed,
and we've got all these cars,
and of course, they come pouring around there,
because they're now,
instead of slowing down,
because the light is red,
now they're accelerating
because they want to see if they can make it.
And of course,
what happens in the meantime,
in that line of cars,
when somebody is accelerating like crazy,
but the person in front of them decides,
he's going to be the one that stops,
and it'll blaze the law.
Uh-oh.
So there are so many possibilities
for some of you people
getting killed by these assholes.
I wish I'm begging you.
You porkers out there to go to your superiors
and say, we have got to have a massive crackdown
on the red light runners in this town,
because it is out of control.
It's insane.
And I guarantee you that those of us
who may be going 42 or 45 miles an hour on hiatus road,
where there are no houses,
where there is no nothing but a canal on one side,
and a bunch of trees on the other side,
are not posing any threat to human life limber property, okay?
So how about giving up all that bull crap
with these speed traps?
I know it raises a lot of revenue.
If you want to raise a hell of a lot more revenue,
and I know it's, I just don't know how you do it.
How you get 10 people doing that.
See the logistics of that are very difficult.
When you've just had 10 people run a red light,
and I'm not talking about running a yellow light
that's just changing your three or close.
I'm talking about people burrowlassing around a corner,
running a red light,
when the other light first straight ahead traffic
is as green as a goddamn Christmas tree.
We're talking crazy people out there driving around.
I don't know about you, but you know,
my mother says to me a couple of weeks ago,
well you know what did they, we had that plane crash,
you're really pushing, you're lucky,
you do all this traveling.
I said I'm gonna tell you something,
I feel a hell of a lot safer on any commercial jet,
any day of my life,
they're getting in my car and driving,
even just a few blocks from my house to the bank,
to publics, where the hell I have to go.
And that's not an exaggeration.
Because every time you get in a car,
and there's town you're taking your life in your hands,
these people are either on drugs,
they're assholes, they're morons,
they're banana boat people,
I have no idea who they are.
And maybe I'm getting a little bit whipped up to a friend's
you about this, but I have never,
it's escalating now to the point where there's just,
there's no stopping these people.
They just make up their mind kind of ahead of time.
Well I'm in a big hurry, it's eight o'clock in the morning,
I got somewhere to go.
Yeah, well too bad it's a red light asshole.
I'm serious, two lanes of left turn traffic
that comes burrowling out of there.
And luckily, I mean, I'm gonna make a right turn,
but I'm like third in line,
so none of us moving at all,
because you see this, you're terrified by this,
this anarchy that's going on.
Like am I gonna pull out, you know,
when I have the light and some other asshole is gonna come,
like happening to me that time down at IOD
on the, you know, near the 70 on street causeway.
I'm taking what was on 10th street
or whatever that side street was,
there was a shortcut to the causeway.
10th at, 10th at,
and I'm taking my little strawberry shortcut
with my nice blue, whatever year it was Corvette.
And I'm sitting there in the light turns green.
You know, pause, you always pause in this town,
pause a second or so, I hit the gas,
and all of a sudden I see out of the,
thank God I got a little peripheral vision,
and here comes this asshole in a pickup truck,
and he's just, he floors it,
cause he think he's gonna run the light.
You can't run the light after it's already turned red asshole,
and you're like 50 yards from the intersection,
but he did.
So luckily when you got a really fast car,
I floored it.
I mean, I just knew that because otherwise,
he would hit me right in the passenger
on the driver's side at the door.
So he didn't nail me,
but it was like on the ass end of the Corvette,
and you know, kind of got stiff neck now, yeah?
That's what I should've said.
What a sucker I am.
Oh, but seriously, this guy could have killed me there,
because people in this town
don't, they can't be bothered with traffic lights.
There are some of you out there listening to me
right now who do this stuff,
and I'm gonna tell you, you belong in jail,
and you drunk drivers.
I don't care what Richard Essen,
or any of these other fakers tell you,
you belong in jail.
If you think that you can get
at a 2,000 pound automobile,
and go out there and just do whatever you want,
and maybe kill some people,
then you belong in jail.
Murderers and attempted murderers
they belong in jail.
Let the people smoke in a little weed,
let them all out,
and let's put the God-dem highway murderers
in effing jail is what I say,
and take away your God-dem license,
and your registration,
and your plates,
and every other God-dem thing,
and let's start,
instead all this bull crap,
this phony horse-ball bull crap,
of, oh, well, we're trying to condition the public
to get you to drive better.
Yeah, oh, you're doing a magnificent job, guys.
You're doing a sensational job,
because this is the old propaganda
that speed kills right.
If you're going 43 and a 35-man,
you're probably gonna kill somebody,
even though there's no,
there's no sign of human life within two miles
as far as the eye can see,
you're gonna kill somebody.
This state, man, no inspection system,
people with bald tires,
with no brakes,
with no headlights,
no tail lights,
no turn signals,
no drivers license,
no insurance,
no brain.
But other than that,
don't confuse us with the facts,
and have a nice day.
10-20, fix your size about this,
but this one this morning
was the worst I've ever seen,
and it keeps getting worse.
And worse, and worse.
And you people that keep pulling this crap, man,
somebody ought to just,
I'm telling you,
someday something's going to happen
with their car,
just blow your brains away.
They're gonna blow your brains out,
because they're going to,
are you crazy?
Are you nuts?
You're trying to kill me.
You know, mobile ones sell you
to their 60-Q-A-A.
I know that the Lord
even loves Neil Rogers.
They're funky.
They're old.
They're the California proof.
So then you're getting old and grey,
and your guns to pay it every day.
Give us a relief,
and that's for sure.
And so for you,
we got the cure.
Just eat some of us,
eat us every day.
And there's lots of your clairs away.
Don't you know that they're in?
Go then they're tasting.
Man, I'm useless.
So please be.
X-Lags is nice,
but it don't wake fast.
Just eat some,
we'll eat some,
we'll have real blast.
On the body, yeah.
I'm a body,
if you eat us,
you're a smarty-pants.
I'm on, on, on, on.
California proof.
What a way to go.
1031 at 560,
WQAM Boy, I'll tell you a way to
ton of calls on there for, what,
five minutes into this,
because I didn't take them right away.
They all vanished.
Well, I got news for I got lots to say.
567-0560,
pound 560 on the 18-T wireless line.
Here's Boka.
Hello.
Boka.
Going once.
Going twice.
Boka's gone.
Okay, one call left on the board.
This is beautiful.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Okay.
I'm calling from Miami.
I've listened to you for a lot of years.
And I enjoy your show, but I disagree with you with this
Ken Starville Clinton thing.
I mean, Henry Hyde and, uh,
and Burton,
what did they lie under oath?
Sir, lying under oath,
we're talking about a sexual affair, okay.
First of all, nobody tells, uh,
nobody tells the truth about their sexual affairs.
The president played some
magical games with the definition of sexual relations.
The president tried to escape.
They don't grave in this thing.
He should have told the truth from the beginning.
Let me ask you the question.
What differences do make how many affairs the president had?
How does that affect his presidency?
It affects his presidency because his credibility goes on the drain
when he lies to the American people.
When he lies to the American people,
did they know when he, when he, when he,
they elected him the first time?
Did they know he lied about Jennifer Flowers?
Well, you apologize for that.
No, no, no, no, but they knew he lied about it.
No, they, we didn't know he lied about that.
Yes, he, absolutely they did.
Well, they, they, they did their 60-minute thing and all that
and then they apologized for it.
And the fact that the facts came out and they re-elected him.
There was one thing, you know, one thing, but now you
don't be lied on the wrong.
You're not, you're not listening to me.
You don't want to have a conversation.
Go ahead, go ahead, go ahead.
You don't want to have a conversation.
Go right ahead.
The public knew that he was a flanderer,
that he screwed around.
They was a womanizer.
They didn't care then.
People don't come clean about their sexual exploits unless somebody
outs them.
Dan Burton didn't hold a press conference to announce this until
he found out that it was going to be, that he was going to be outed.
And he more than Henry Hyde prelder press conference to tell us.
Did it lie under all of that?
It's irrelevant, okay?
And again, he's playing some, you're playing some
magical games and if it, if it's a crime, the question is,
is it a crime that disqualifies?
Is it a crime against the people and the government of the
country?
That's the question.
That's what impeachment's all about.
My, my thing to you would be.
So I asked you a question, is it a crime against the government
against the people of the country?
Did he subvert the, the, the US former government?
It's a crime to lie under all of them.
And I said, okay, keep repeating the same thing over and over and over again.
You got your mind made up, my Julio friend.
I hope you have a wonderful life.
I hope that you're as sanctimonious and good as Henry Hyde and Dan Burton.
And the Newt King Rich, who says the president say,
misogynist by the way, and a woman hater.
This is the same Newt King Rich that was running around on his wife who was
dying in a hospital of cancer.
And he was running around having an affair on the side and was quoted.
We're going to help my book.
I don't have to get the book.
You know what he said?
He preferred oral sex because then he could say he never slept with
these women.
The Newt Meister, Mr. Goodie Tushu's, but the president's a misogynist.
This is the greatest case of the pot calling the kettle black ever seen in my life.
We have all the need lines wide open here.
I guess I didn't get the people in date worked up.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
Here's a mobile in West Palm Beach.
Hello.
How are you doing, Neil?
Okay, sir.
Two, two, two points I'd like to make.
Number one, I'm a Republican.
I wish they'd stopped the stuff with Clinton already because I'm tired of it.
But they're not coming stop it.
I know.
They're going to just be gone like the government said.
I know.
They're going to do it until the whole party is done and they're going to probably be
featured.
But that's not really what I'm calling about.
I'm calling about the red light runners.
Yeah.
I live in Fort Laardelle and I work in McDay County and let me tell you, it's a war zone down there.
And New York, what they did is they, I think I think about $40 or $50 million dollars, it is they put cameras on the lights.
They take pictures of these people and they send them tickets in the mail.
Yeah.
They decrease the red light runners by over 50%.
I wish they did some kind of system like that here in Florida, which I understand they were supposed to do that, but then it was declined when they voted for it out in California.
But I wish they'd bring it down here because a lot of people are going to start dying or getting a major accident from these people that are running red light.
No pressure.
I guarantee it.
You could bet you could bet something's life on it.
Yeah.
It's crazy.
Anyways, that's what I wanted to call.
And what kind of people are these people?
I mean, who does something like this?
I mean, it's one thing if it's close, you know, if you're just barely, you know, you're in a big hurry, you run it, you just maybe you made it by little or you didn't make it.
But nobody is going to be taken off the other direction that fast.
But to be the third and the fourth and the fifth and the sixth and the seventh person in line, you're making a turn after the light is turned red, what kind of lunatic are we talking about?
They don't care.
That's basically what it is.
It's the La Jai Fair of everybody around the world right now.
It's ridiculous.
Okay, pal, get a good bicycle.
I'll see you.
Okay, we have an open line in Broward to and date 567-0560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Boka.
Hello?
Mobile in Boka?
What's the problem with Boka today?
I want the F is going on with Boka. They're not there.
Here's West Palm Beach.
Hello?
Anya, how are you doing?
Okay, sir.
Two things with the traffic.
I'm all with you with that first of all.
I'm sure you've seen this before.
You're sitting at the light and you're at the straight through lane.
And the guy next to you in the left hand turn lane.
He's sitting at the red light and he's just as well.
I'm just going to do a U-turn on the red.
Oh, yeah, on the red light.
Yeah, I'm just going to do a U-turn on the red.
Yeah, I'm just going to do a U-turn on the red.
Yeah, I mean that.
I saw when yesterday I'm going to the track last night and there's a guy who's in the center lane.
Okay, that's a six lane.
I forget what road it was on.
Atlantic Boulevard or whatever.
The guy decides he's going to make a right.
He's in the middle lane.
Okay, of three lanes.
The light is red.
He's now going to make a right hand turn.
Yeah, okay.
And forget you.
Right now.
So he pulls over when he cuts off the guy next to him who's the first in line and the right hand lane.
And he's sitting there in front of this guy.
Now the light has turned.
The only problem is he can't go because there's turning traffic that's coming.
So he's got everybody else blocked off because he don't confuse me with there's anybody else being on the road.
Don't confuse me with that.
And they don't say I have to go over there.
Okay.
Right.
They figured if they don't look and nothing's going to happen, you know, if they don't look back at anybody.
This state the way they way they keep sending dead people, you know, people that are 90 years old
and get automatic renewals of their license if they haven't had a ticket.
And of course nobody gets a ticket for going 10 miles an hour like the old people do.
They haven't had a ticket.
They get a six year renewal in the mail.
They can be blind.
They can be deaf.
They can be dumb.
They can be paralyzed.
And the six year renewal in the mail.
This is a lot of work for you, man.
They don't give a crap about what's going on out there.
Tell you one quick thing.
Yes, sir.
Well, I was going down the road.
Some guy pulled out right in front of me, right?
And going, Jesus Christ, man, I'm doing 50 of this guy just pulls out.
So then he's cruising along and we pull up to the light and he's in the left.
And he runs the left turn signal, right?
I'm going, what an A-hole and thank goodness there was a cop hanging a right.
Oh, thank God.
I don't see that.
I never see it.
Turns the lights on.
I'm going, I'm going, all right.
I'm doing the cheer.
Looking, Raj, thanks for the good news.
Looking up and having a great day.
I never see that.
You know, we got a lot of porkers out there.
You know, did I understand they don't make the decisions?
But they're out there with their little speed guns.
They're radar guns.
And then you know, got the speed traps and all you're going three miles an hour
over the speed limit.
Man, give me a break.
Okay.
All you goody-touches, all you sanctimonious assholes out there.
Tell us about how you're going to save lives because speed kills.
Bull crap.
People that are driving drunk and on drugs, they kill.
People that just have no conscience and have no ability to drive.
They kill.
You can get a goddamn driver's license at a cracker jack's box in this state.
Get off of banana boat.
Hey, here's a driver's license.
Here's a green card.
Here's whatever you want.
What do you need?
Here's a voter registration card.
Have a nice life.
Here's an old beat up brown Toyota.
A Toyota.
A Corolla.
With no brakes, no headlights, no nothing.
Man, have a great day.
Have a good time doing it.
This is America.
Like those jitties you were talking about the other day.
All those banana boat people driving those jitties around in the county.
I've been talking about that for years.
Hey, man.
You're discriminating again.
Get off the road.
You can't drive.
Those things are pouring the oil out of there.
They're like in the middle of the road.
And they just make whatever move they want to all over the road.
They just move from the left hand lane to the right hand lane, back at the middle.
Just get out of their way.
Don't you understand?
Because they'd be doing something.
I don't know what they're doing.
It's got to stop having a conversation with someone sitting on the bus bench.
Great.
There you go.
Just keep him in the conversation.
Right.
Just leave him alone or have a good time.
Come on.
20 be my idea.
The Ken Star.
This is the right wing asshole from Texas.
The president down there actually had him over there in the White House on the cameras and asked him the series of questions in detail in front of the grand jury about each and every one of these sexual acts alleged by Monica Lewinsky there.
And you wonder why he got bent out of shape and psychotic and read the poison got up and walked out of the room for an hour.
Who is there any person in the universe who would put up with that.
Oh, we're talking about sexual McCarthyism sexual which has his theory of the same thing.
Yeah.
Over a did he do this and did he have multiple orgasms and was a cigar, you know, was it a whatever it was?
And in MENSO was it a big one?
Was it a soggy one?
Was it a big fat?
Uh huh.
You're in tea with that bitch.
Hey, don't forget to stop.
We got some dolphin tickets to give away for the stealer game before we got two pair today.
Should we do it with the knife caught or should we just to give him whoever I want to give him to?
Whatever.
What do you think?
I'll give him whoever I want to give him to.
We have two pair for the Adolphin Steeder game on Sunday.
Which you'll have to pick up Needless to say.
Here's a call from Chicago.
Hello.
Chicago.
Hey, yeah.
Yes, sir.
When are you, uh, best of neo-CDs coming out?
October 1.
I cover first.
Yep.
Two weeks.
How about that Sammy Sosa?
Yes, sir.
Uh.
Unbelievable.
Did you, you didn't have to see Larry King last night?
Yeah, Dr. Laura on there.
No, I wouldn't watch that if they paid me by the second.
No, I was at the track losing my money.
Well, I did see Sammy hit the home run.
Yeah, was something.
A grand philometer.
Yeah, in a game that was tied to two in the midst that already pulled their game out.
And the Cubs needed to desperately.
See, that's the thing a lot of people don't understand.
They don't want to give them the credit.
Is he's doing another pressure of a tremendous race here where the Cubs are trying for the wild card.
And, uh, you know, McQuarris has been under no pressure all year basically because the Cardinals have never been in.
But Sammy has so much class and he's so cool.
Yeah.
What did I miss with Dr. Laura, sir?
Well, the thing is, uh, I thought about you right away.
Why is that?
Because then at the end of the, at the end of the little spot there was Dr. Laura.
There's Larry King attacking Dr. Laura.
Uh-huh.
Really?
Yeah, so I can't believe that.
I was reminded of, uh, you know, Larry and some of the things that you said about Larry and Miami.
Yeah, all the money that he owes all the people.
I'd never do it that.
Yeah.
Okay.
Well, have a great day, pal.
And a great life up there in Chicago.
What was he talking about?
Is there anybody who knows what he's talking about?
No.
I sure don't.
What does that have to do with the, in other words, Larry is attacking Dr. Laura, which is the, uh, like, uh, it lets her for Larry.
I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, never too late to grow up there, even if a small pair.
That sanctimony is bitch, Dr. Laura.
So what does that got to do with the fact that Larry, uh, Skip Town left everybody, uh, you know, holding the bag, holding the El Sako?
I don't get it.
But, hey, thanks for calling.
We'll talk again some year.
Here's a mobile in Boca.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
The other day I'm sitting on sample road.
I'm in the left hand turn lane, waiting on the light turn green.
Between the turn lane and the other two lanes going westbound, there's a median.
There's not, not like a grass median, but it's painted.
The line was a hundred miles long to wait to turn, but we're all waiting our turn.
Mm-hmm.
And this guy in a minivan pulls up into the median right up into the front row because he's better than we are, so he doesn't have to wait on the line of traffic.
So he cuts me off right in front of me to do a U-turn.
I lay down on my horn.
He stuck his arm out of his window and flipped me a bird.
What was on his head, but I got the amyamaka.
Really?
Yeah.
How do you like that?
Yeah.
And he had his two kids were in the back seat.
Mm-hmm.
Were they wearing beanies, too?
I couldn't tell.
Huh.
Can I stick around for a second?
No chance.
Now when you make an anti-submitic comment like that to a Jew.
We have an open line in Broward.
Five said, well, what the hell is that?
You should have just told him, Cox the hoist, crazy old heave.
And that would have been more than I could respect you, okay, at least in the morning.
Five, six, seven, oh five, six, the pound five, six, the on the 18T wireless line.
As we continue rolling along, singing a song.
Oh, but he lied under, oh, yeah, he lied about what?
What in the world was it?
What is this all about?
This is a sleaze fest.
You couldn't get him on white water.
You couldn't get him on file gate.
You couldn't get him on travel gate.
You couldn't get him on any gate.
But he screws around.
And he's not discreet about it to say they're very best.
Okay, well, big deal.
That's a real revelation, isn't it?
If we got somebody in the White House who likes to screw around, wow, whoopee do, huh?
And like I've said before, the rest of the world is laughing at us like we're a bunch of
stone age goofballs.
They can't even believe that this, that this is being discussed, that this is wasting taxpayer
time and money.
But all this other stuff, we got a, we got a global depression on the verge here on a horizon.
And we're worried about is the president lying under oath about did he stick it in here and did she put it
over there with this cigar and in Mento?
Was it a swisher, sweet?
What was it?
You know, sounds familiar?
Emotional cripples.
And in spite of that, the polls continue to show even as emotionally backward as the American
public has been conditioned to be.
The majority of them say, cut the crap.
But we're going to keep the media.
We, the right wing and the media, we're using the media as their deliverer of the message.
We're going to keep banging away on us until we force you to change your mind.
That's basically what they're saying.
Aren't those polls changing?
Well, God damn it.
Get those videos on there.
Get that tape on there.
Let's get some close-ups and see how ready it gets in the polls.
Let's start showing a kind of Stogie that it was.
Let's put that on here.
Let's get a soggy Stogie and stick that there in front of everybody's polls.
Oh, I didn't.
Skything.
Like my mother said, he's a scumbag.
Nice going, Ma.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hey, oh, God.
Yes, sir.
The Pocracy 101 is what we're looking at.
This is unbelievable.
They're hiding it, man.
Unbrewed, hiding it, man.
You know, the European community just laughing their ass off at us.
We're the big joke in the world.
That's what I just said, yeah.
That our national leader is being crucified over a sexual scandal.
It's unbelievable.
Ready to phew.
By Jimmy Sosal last night at 6RBI.
That's right.
6RBI.
And by the way, he's got the major league lead at RBI's now.
His past one, Gonzalez, by two, which everybody seems to be missing since one slowdown to a walk.
Yeah.
And like you said, Sammy.
He's in a pennant race, too, so he's doing it.
Right.
Amen.
Have a great day, pal.
Thank you so much.
Yeah, they just don't want to give Sammy his due.
I don't want to go back into it again.
It's so stupid.
These bozos that get on the year.
Oh, he didn't break any record.
Sure he did.
They both broke the same record.
They both broke the same record.
The existing record.
And now, of course, they can't have a celebration and stop the game every time he wants to hit the home run.
Because now it's an ongoing thing.
And at the end of the season, we'll see who's the ultimate home run champ.
But I mean, when they both crossed that 61 barrier, which was the previous existing record.
And especially they did it in succession.
It's not like McGuire had 65 wins.
So it got number 62.
He tied him.
He broke the record, the existing record.
Oh, no.
He never brought you out right.
Okay, fine.
He's too dark.
He's from the Dominican Republic.
He speaks with an accent.
And I'm going to tell you now again, not to the management.
I'm going to tell you now, not to the management.
I'm going to tell you now, not to the management.
I'm going to tell you now, not to the management.
I'm going to tell you now, not to the management.
I'm going to tell you now, not to the management.
I'm going to tell you now, not to the management.
I'm going to tell you now, not to the management.
I'm going to tell you now, not to the management.
I'm going to tell you now, not to the management.
I'm going to tell you now, not to the management.
I'm going to tell you now, not to the management.
I'm going to tell you now, not to the management.
I'm going to tell you now, not to the management.
I'm going to tell you now, not to the management.
I'm going to tell you now, not to the management.
I'm going to tell you now, not to the management.
I'm going to tell you now, not to the management.
I'm going to tell you now, not to the management.
I'm going to tell you now, not to the management.
I'm going to tell you now, not to the management.
I'm going to tell you now, not to the management.
I'm going to tell you now, not to the management.
I'm going to tell you now, not to the management.
I'm going to tell you now, not to the management.
I'm going to tell you now, not to the management.
I'm going to tell you now, not to the management.
I'm going to tell you now, not to the management.
I'm going to tell you now, not to the management.
I'm going to tell you now, not to the management.
I'm going to tell you now, not to the management.
I'm going to tell you now, not to the management.
I'm going to tell you now, not to the management.
I'm going to tell you now, not to the management.
I'm going to tell you now, not to the management.
I'm going to tell you now, not to the management.
I'm going to tell you now, not to the management.
I'm going to tell you now, not to the management.
I'm going to tell you now, not to the management.
I'm going to tell you now, not to the management.
I'm going to tell you now, not to the management.
I'm going to tell you now, not to the management.
I'm going to tell you now, not to the management.
I'm going to tell you now, not to the management.
I'm going to tell you now, not to the management.
I'm going to tell you now, not to the management.
I'm going to tell you now, not to the management.
I'm going to tell you now, not to the management.
I'm going to tell you now, not to the management.
I'm going to tell you now, not to the management.
I'm going to tell you now, not to the management.
I'm going to tell you now, not to the management.
I'm going to tell you now, not to the management.
I'm going to tell you now, not to the management.
But Paul Munity.
Because they figured out, I mean, when's the last time you ever sign anybody get pull over for running the red light?
I've never seen it in my life.
But hey, who the hell am I?
What?
Once, one time.
Very good.
Just like you got a busy signal on the mind-spring one time.
We have an open line update, 5.6705.60, 05.560 on the mobile one line.
It's 10.57.
The QAF, the Neil Rogers Show, Fort Lauderdale.
The worst talk radio I've ever heard in my life with my W.O.D.
It's like really anxious.
It's 11.04.5.63, whatever it is.
5.60 WQ, and we got Hank at 2.
We got Jimmy Johnson Show, old JJ.
Yeah, he's under with Hank from 5.6 with the coaches show.
As the doffins prepared to play a almost real team, the sealer's on Sunday.
That's a switch.
Here's a Colin Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I went on a Disney trip this weekend.
Yeah.
And as I'm heading out there and I'm in the Disney area, I'm going about going out.
I'm going to go to 45 on a 35.
And you know how there's a lot of different exits to the left of the right.
Right.
And as I'm going driving down the right lane, these assholes come passing me like about an 80 or 90 miles an hour in the right lane.
Such a speed that I can't get into the right lane.
And this is just pathetic how these people are speeding in an area called Disney World.
Okay, well, don't go back.
Okay, by the way, there's this old lady of publics with blue hair that's got a fish food stuck way inside her rectum.
We have an open line of day.
And also she drove it in 1999 Corvette.
Open line of date, County 56705.
But the young Cubans are so affordable.
It's a sad lot.
I'll tell you that here's for a lot of day.
Hello.
Good morning, Neil.
Yes, sir.
What is this?
When is the yes?
I was listening to George and the team.
One of them.
Yes, sir.
I don't know how to speak Italian.
I'm not your peak.
I guess whatever the hell that is.
Now, as you love his Eddie, I'll go ahead, sir.
I was just practicing.
I was listening to George in between the brakes.
And how many times have you seen someone make a flagrant violation?
And you see a cop on one of the corners and you go,
a fake cop in a black guy and they don't even go after them.
All the time.
All the time.
I mean, if you're on your way to the fresh donuts, just come out of dunkins or a crispy cream.
Or if you're on your way to the supermarket to get the milk and eggs or whatever, I mean, you know.
You just become a Paul.
You sit there and go, I can't believe you're going after that guy.
I've seen that many a time.
Like, look at right at him.
And it just, well, I just didn't the register with that moment or it might take too much effort to turn around
or do something or maybe they're just going home.
And another thing, if I have a friend who has a brother-in-law that came up from Colombia,
he went to get his driving pass.
He went to get the state of Florida driving license.
So he said, what do you go to 7-loving, get some bucks of a cracker jacks?
Well, guess what?
I think Crunchy and Munchy's got him this year.
He fails twice.
And he passed on his third time all in the same day.
He passed on the third?
On the third time, he failed twice.
They didn't take his ass out.
They said, come back here.
You imagine that?
They gave it to him again.
Well, but stop and think about this.
So again, I'm not exaggerating.
Renewal licenses for six years in the mail.
For six years.
So in other words, if you're 95, they're giving you a license.
You can drive until you're 101.
You may have just gone blind.
You may be deaf.
You may have like a palsy, whatever you got.
But the state just sends you a renewal in the mail.
Hey, congratulations for not getting the ticket.
Here you go. Go out and kill somebody.
It's a state problem.
Yes.
Listen, I got my pants or tickets yesterday.
They arrived too.
Yeah, they arrived in the mail.
That's right.
And they got that little ice prize, the little ticket thing they give you.
And they're not bad for a six grand, huh?
Yeah, exactly.
Yeah, exactly.
Okay, I'll see you there, pal.
Thanks.
Okay. Yeah, what a bunch of crap.
Now they're nice.
I like those tickets.
All the way.
I tell you one thing.
I see bad stories.
Oh, oh, oh.
I told you, Terry Mary was going to be tearing his hair out by the roots.
He doesn't understand what he got himself into.
Terry's a good guy.
I don't care what they say.
He's a really good guy.
He says, here's scrimmage looks like last year's team coach is shari de ste, is he?
And yesterday, this he was just disgusted and he took him off.
Oh, God.
Nauseated with the scrimmage out there and these guys going through the motions and no motivation.
And he's, uh, he's pissed off and fired up.
I'll tell you that.
And he's not going to put up with the bull crap that we saw last year.
But the only problem is he's inherited primarily the same bull crap team that we had last year without a gold tender.
But they say Sean Burke made a couple of great pros saves and practice yesterday.
Oh, Sean, the fine gold tender of the Panthers as Diffo introduced me yesterday morning.
The fine gold tender.
Oh, oh, oh.
Yeah.
Okay, Diffo.
You keep sucking away, sweetheart.
Here's a lady mobile in Pember Pine.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
You know, in reference to these drivers.
Yes.
I see them.
I work in the emergency room.
And I see these old codgers, 90-some years old, and they're driving.
Of course.
And they always are in an accident.
It's never their fault.
And you say to them, what is the deal with you?
You know, maybe you should give up driving.
Oh, I drive perfect.
I've never gotten in an accident.
No, they don't get in accidents.
They cause the accidents because they're going so slow and erratically.
And they're so terrified that people that are desperate to try to get around them do erratic and desperate things.
And then they're the ones who want to get in the wrecks.
Their reflexes are like snails.
Right.
They should have some sort of rule.
Maybe every year they have to go.
Oh, they've tried to do that.
And you know, we've got the gray panthers here in Florida.
And boy, you don't want to mess with them because they have a lot of time on their hands.
They go out and vote.
So every time they try to pass any law that would require them to retake a driving test or do any...
Oh, no, we're not going to do that.
We're going to vote you out of office.
It's terrible.
Yeah.
I went to go get my license renewed.
And there was this old guy who was, you know, very bent over.
Could barely walk.
They're telling him to look in the vision, that little vision box.
Yeah.
You saying, I can't see.
Where's the box, yeah.
Yeah.
And he got a lot of time.
Mm-hmm.
Sure.
I was outraged.
Yeah, well, at least he walked out, you know, in the right direction anyway.
Yeah, exactly.
Have a great day.
That great new arena and we got that big hockey fest this Saturday.
And now we need the team.
Oh!
There you go.
I know you're asking for a little bit too much on this.
Then, okay, carry it away.
We don't want to get balledy pissed off.
Here's Davy.
Hello.
Good morning.
Good morning to you, sir.
Hey, Goubli.
What is it?
It's Polish.
Oh, okay.
Hey, forget about Geldy, uh...
Goes to Dania.
See, so forget about Geldy 100 years ago, 20 years ago, it's a performance time.
Uh-huh.
Anyway.
Yeah, he gets on there and he starts pontificating and whining, getting all hysterical about Bobby Thompson's home run in 1951.
And stuff that happened long before he was born.
I mean, where is his credibility?
Does he have any?
No, of course not.
Did you see anything in the paper that's talking about the Nathanae?
The National Car Rental Arena.
On the way home, people are going to have to pay 50 cent tolls on the way out.
It was an article in the paper today.
What do you mean by that?
I guess on Oakland Park when you want to get on 75.
Well, yeah, when you get on 75, that was before they built the...
That's the dealer.
And they built that so if you're getting on at that point, you got to pay the toll, even if you're going just to the next stop.
What I mean is if you got all the people coming out.
Yeah.
I mean, how long is it going to take to get home?
If they... everybody's got to stop.
And then, don't you think that'd be some kind of...
How about the 70,000 people that are leaving Joe Robbie Stadium?
I mean, P.P. Park, excuse me, formerly known as.
How come those... you got 70,000 people letting most of them go on the turnpike?
They have to pay a toll.
You're right.
Except once in a blue moon when they decide,
we're going to lift the tolls because we've got 80,000 people in here
and it's hectic and a winds and a good mood or something.
Plus, the sunrise, mayor or whoever, there'd be no tailgating in the parking lot.
Right, that's right.
I say, let's give them a hand.
I say, let's... let's... let's... a mayor for life.
Because most of the people that are heading in there
that have been out in the parking lot for an hour and a half
through the ones causing the trouble once you get inside.
Yeah.
So...
No tailgating.
People don't tailgate at hockey games.
I hate to break the news to the people of South Florida.
You don't do a tailgate party before a hockey game.
You pose those...
Tailgating and public drinking go hand-in-hand city manager,
Pat Salerno said.
City manager of Sunrise.
Adding that grilling with fire in a parking lot is not safe.
It's also hard for officers to tell whether a tailgator is drinking soda or beer, he said.
You know what I'm talking about?
There you go.
Hey, let me take a sniff of that soda you got.
Oh my god.
This pudge for you, man.
Tailgating.
We got people that are...
You know something, this is again.
We got some... this beautiful place.
This fantastic arena, which I've been in there
and I've found out my seat and the chair I'm going to be sitting on too.
And I mean, it's just palatial, it's beautiful, it's great.
And of course, yeah, I'm selfish about that because it's right next to my house practically.
But we got all of them.
You're going to have to pay a toll on the...
the... uh... uh...
uh...
sawgrass and you can't tailgate and get extra drunk.
We'll get extra drunk at home, okay?
And come in a limo for Christ's sake.
We got enough crazy drivers out there already with you...
you drunks driving out there.
And I got news for you.
The plantation in the Sunrise Police are just going to be out there looking for you drunks
after those hockey games.
I promise you that right now.
I'm talking to my good post-friendly chief, the city of plantation police of the chief.
I'm going to have a long chat with him.
Make sure that they need of your ass if you're driving drunk out there in my neck of the woods.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How's it going?
Great.
Quick question.
We'll watch your comments.
Don't you think that the biggest thing that is really...
that with the thing with the president now is more than media than anything else?
Yes.
I mean, they're inflating.
There's so much, you know, and they're trying to make it something that...
They won't stop.
They just keep pounding it and pounding it no matter what the poll showed day after day after day.
They show you the numbers, but then they start banging on it again.
And all he's in big trouble and now they're going to release the videotape.
And now they're forming on the house this morning.
They showed a couple of minutes ago on CNBC.
They're showing these... they're just forming at the mouth.
And even they chairman of the Democratic National Committee now very self-righteously says,
we will not give any... we will not give any election campaign funds to any Democratic candidate
who, you know, makes a personal attack against his opponent.
See, I don't understand the double set of standards here.
In other words, if this is going to be a criterion for holding office,
whether somebody was screwing around, I mean, the lying about it,
it goes with the territory.
And if that's going to be a standard, then why not share with me about everybody's personal life?
Exactly.
Especially if we got people on the committee, did you dissure a committee who are going to be making these decisions?
Who the hell are they to be called a kettle of black when they're pink?
Exactly.
And then the other thing too is, don't they think that they...
I think they were really humiliated quite a bit, you know, for him.
Yeah.
I mean, like, you know, it's enough.
Right.
I mean, I test the tail, every element.
I mean, who cares?
Right.
Really, I mean, the only thing that I'm concerned, for example, is
make sure that he's running, you know, the country the way he is,
which I think is doing a pretty good job.
Yeah.
And that's the only thing that we all should be concerned about, whatever else he does in his private life,
is between him and his friends.
Time for these people to cut the crap.
That's right.
Quick question.
Yes, sir.
Could I get those tickets for the Steelers' Gate?
You're a hold on.
You have those tickets.
He's one of your people.
He's sucking around.
I think he's Puerto Rican.
I don't care what he is.
He's a good guy, and he's, you know, maybe he doesn't even like Clinton,
but he said all the right things, and he pressed my buttons.
He's got a pair.
We got another pair.
Go panic.
Not that I'm going to give him way right away, because that would be...
We want a milk of as hard as we can.
Even El City Board and Cow.
Even Janna Reno never got milk like this.
I used to say Janna Reno right after you say El City Board and Cow.
That's really a very poor taste.
I'll bet.
Yeah.
Oh, this is the most despicable, the most disgusting.
Oh, and then they're saying that they warned.
The committee has already warned the people in the White House and anybody else
that any attempt to interfere, that any more of these leaks,
these personal scandal leaks will be construed as an attempt to interfere with the work of the committee,
and therefore these people can go to jail for it.
They're going to be in violation of the law.
So my question is, who's doing the covering up?
We got all these sanctimonious right wingers who are, you know,
they're starting to be dragged out of the closet.
But oh, baby, if you bring that out, you're going to put you in jail.
Huh!
How do you like that?
So it's only the president's penis.
That's the only one we're concerned about now.
We don't even care about Peter North anymore or anybody else.
All we care about is the president's penis.
And that one soggy cigar and that the stain on the dress, etc. and so on.
Oh, my God.
This is just so embarrassing and humiliating and it's coming at the worst possible time
when the world is like topsy to her, we've got all these serious problems to deal with.
And no matter how many times this man apologizes and repents and goes through this song at a dance,
no matter what words he uses, it just ain't quite good enough to finally put a rest to it.
And you people in the media like I've been saying for months now,
you need mental help.
You need mental help. You're out of your minds.
They just keep banging you and whipping you into a frenzy with us.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Hello. Yes, sir.
What's going on, Neil?
Not much.
Hey, do you think it was a torpedo or a Churchill?
Don't say Weinstein Churchill.
No, Neil. Honestly, what I call to talk about with Sammy Sousa,
I think it's unfortunate.
I don't think they thought he was going to make it.
And that's why they did what they're doing to him.
They didn't think how long does it take to put something younger than McGuire.
He's coming into his prime now.
He's picking, you know, what the versus make how many hit last year?
How many did Roger Merissett?
He never had more than 39 any other year except the year he had 61.
What does that have to do with anything?
They can't contest. Believe me.
That'll be worth your life.
Then given it to Malone, when they should have given it to Jordan.
You can bet Henry hides life on it.
Okay. Whatever you say.
We have an open line in date, 5 6 7 0 5 60 and pound 5 60 on the mobile line.
Tailgating and scalping.
Bandit to arena.
There you go. The scalping thing.
Come on. Grow up already.
What is the big deal with that?
Why is scalping such a big deal down here?
You go to Toronto right there on Carlton Street by Maple Leaf Gardens on the day of the game.
There you guys running around with fistful.
You want golds? You want greens? You want reds? What do you need?
You need a couple of golds?
They got all the tickets you want and nobody they don't get busted.
Nobody pays any attention.
Man, the tailgating, get rid of it.
We don't need tailgating at hockey games.
Next thing you know, we're going to have too many sparses on the team.
Don't we already have Peter Whirlrell in Kevin Weeks?
I don't have Kevin eights time.
But you know, we already got a couple of short shows on here.
That's enough for right now.
Let's not overdo it.
But tailgating, when you start bringing that football type mentality in there,
we don't want that.
We don't want any violence in our game.
You know what I'm talking about?
That's right.
Here's Pemberpine.
Hello.
Hey, don't know.
Okay, sir.
I mean, tailgating.
Why are you going to tailgate number one?
It's not just the hockey event.
You know, I mean, are you going to tailgate for the Elton John and Celine Dion?
Oh, sure.
Yeah, especially Celine Dion.
You got to get good and drunk to enjoy her singing.
I mean, even if you're high, you can't even, you know, do that.
That's true.
If you do in magic mushrooms, you couldn't stand at her place.
Uh, terrible.
And you know, they're taking away from Quentin.
Who might have you wasn't on the Titanic, you know?
Yeah, you know, I'm talking about like, you know, if Quentin's doing the correct job,
there's President, you know, and that.
How can you do the job when all you have to answer questions about is a stupid controversy?
Yeah, they give the President a checkers levaki here yesterday.
And they have a press conference, his first press conference in months.
And almost every question to both of them is about Monica Lewinsky.
And did he answer truthfully?
Who cares if he has a room?
Who cares where they stuck the cigar?
I mean, we're talking about such juvenile stuff here that anybody who's making these statements ought to be embarrassed.
They ought to get reddened the face and go off in the corner and hide.
Remember when you were making wine?
Yeah, we were making wine down here and they were asking them all these stupid questions and everything like that.
Yeah.
Ridiculous questions about his life and everything like that.
I mean, that's crazy.
I mean, that's just the mentality of some of these reporters.
These drivers, you think the drivers down here are bad?
Oh my God.
It's also like North Florida.
Yeah.
Unbelievable.
We got a bunch of old people and we got rotten up there and how happy and all the cops.
You think it's five?
They go about 10, 12 at the time through there.
Absolutely ridiculous.
But, oh yeah.
And, you know, Wayne's actually doing something nice for Joe Robbie.
Yeah.
What is that?
Oh no, he's been put, I don't know if it's here.
He's got a statue?
Yeah, a statue.
Right.
Is that him doing or does that?
I'm sure he's, you know, somebody probably came up with the idea and said, oh, okay, if you say so.
Yeah.
Are you going to the Dolphin game this week?
No, I'm not.
Can I go for it?
Can you go, what would you mean?
Oh, you want those tickets?
It's possible.
Okay, no problem.
Okay, there's a rather pair that's the end of our tickets.
Yeah, I could have milked it for later on.
I don't know where he was going.
But he sounds like he wants to go in there.
Give him the damn tickets, okay?
Sounds like a reasonable guy to me.
1126 at 560.
Q-A-L.
This is the Neil Rogers show.
This is your brain.
Any questions?
We better call up Rick Rowley, see what we're going to do about his damn stock market being done.
200 and some odd points today.
They're getting him on a phone.
July 4th, meeting between Monica Lewinsky and El Presidente, just before leaving, according to Ms. Lewinsky,
she told the president that I wanted to talk to him about something serious and that while I didn't want to be the one to talk to him,
I thought I was important that he know.
She informed him that Newsweek, this is in Newsweek, by the way, the new one.
She informed him that Newsweek was working on an article about Kathleen Willie, a former White House volunteer who claimed that the president had sexually harassed her during a private meeting in the Oval Office on November 23rd, 1993.
Michael Isakov of Newsweek had talked with Ms. Trip about the episode in March of 97, and again, shortly before July 4th,
and Ms. Trip had subsequently related the Isakov conversation to Ms. Lewinsky.
She understood that Ms. Willie was looking for a job, and she thought the president might be able to make this go away by finding her a job.
The president responded that the harassment allegation was ludicrous because he would never approach a small, breasted woman like Ms. Willie.
All right! There you go. You can toss that bitch right out the window.
Man, oh man, he wouldn't touch those little raisins, and that's with your hands, okay?
Yeah, she was looking for a job, just like all this stuff in here about, well, when Monica started threatening in this scenario, because, well, she needs a job, and she gave him a job, right?
Won't you scandalous, crazy bitches is what we're talking about. Beware the spurn-scorn bitch, and that's the reason we're in the middle of all of this crap.
That's what it's all about. There's nothing new with anything else.
But if you lied to me about that, right? Who isn't going to lie to you about that? I want you to answer me the question. Who isn't going to lie to you about that?
Who in their right mind is going to go into every graphic detail of some, especially some married guy? Who just happens to be the president, by the way? Oh, sorry.
We have an open line in date, 56670560, pound 560 on a mobile one line. There's a mobile in Port St. Lucie, hello?
Hey, Neil!
Yes, sir. How you doing, pal?
Great. Listen, I just want you to know, my father just turned 88 about three weeks ago.
Oh, he got his ring six-year-old duel in the mail.
All right.
Great.
Call me up to tell me how happy he was. I went over there the next day, had a long talk with him. I've taken his license.
My father came to an operation garage door over a level. Right.
I took his license, now I said, pop it yet. If he needs his own, he will. My wife will take you wherever you need to go.
There you go.
And now I'm in a process of selling his car.
Actually, does it need to be driving anywhere?
Good work.
You can go.
Congressional Medal of Honor to this guy. Take that driver's license away immediately if not sooner.
I think the only old part that ought to be able to drive is my mother. Other than that, take all the rest of them, take your license away now.
Get them off the road. You only say that because you don't want to have to drive around everywhere.
Good point.
Well, I'm not going to have to. No, she can drive, okay? And the good thing about her is she doesn't drive very little.
She goes to the store. She comes to my house when I go on vacation. That's about it.
That's the, she, she, she don't go out there, dittle it all around like a lot of these other crazy people.
Open line in, Broward, 567-0560, pound 567-067, the automobile one. Well, I haven't even told my basketball robin story yet.
So yesterday, now I feel better because I find out that Fad Joe ate that pint of dulce de leche.
The Hagan does yesterday or release some of it. Most of it. All of it. Two of them.
Did you like it?
Oh, yes. He's, he's, oh god. His taste is so bad. You know, if you're going to be fat, at least be fat eating good food.
So seriously, that's a good, if you're going to eat ice cream, don't eat crap.
Dulce de leche, my ass. It's that, that, exactly. I couldn't have said it better myself.
So I leave here, I go and get my mail, which it's a trickle and it's a trickle that's coming in.
And then I, on the way, I figure it's right on the way. I'll go up university drive there and I'll stop at my basket robin zero north of
Santa Miserable of Art and give me like that Jim Okas world. I talked about the sugar free that was so good.
Instead of going to get in something loaded with sugar in there, you know.
So I walk in there and they're like, hey, I'm, the guy's on him. Neil, how you doing? You know, always that deal. They all know Neil.
Guys name I think is Miles. How you doing, Miles? You're okay in my book. Good guy. Didn't let me pay for it by the way.
So and they don't have an asset. How's that sugar free stuff? You mean the Jim Okas world? I said, yeah, that's why all we don't have it anymore.
He had heard me talking about it, but unfortunately the basket robin people stopped making it.
What was I was just talking about this the other day every time I find something great, they stopped making it.
Whether it's Arby's Wendy's now Vaskin Robbins. And then his damn Hagan does it says limited edition on these Carmel brittle crunch bars. You better go out and get them now.
These Carmel ice cream with caramel swirl dipped in Hagan does milk chocolate coating and peanut brittle crunch bars.
Oh God. Those will put a tingle deep inside your back. Oh, in other parts that we can't even mention on the ear.
Even your uvula will be flapping when you taste those.
So anyway, they don't make that anymore. So I had some of the low fat stuff which and thank you very much Miles. You're a good guy. You're okay by me.
Yeah, the basket robins at least is good ice cream. I don't think there's anybody who would dispute that.
But Hagan does is yeah. And you're putting on a that would be like going out and going to the olive garden and having an Italian meal or something like that.
I say Italian meal. Yeah, right. Sudo Italian meal.
She's I mean get with it. If you're going to be fat, which you are. And so will I at least eat good stuff that's a fatening.
Not a bunch of.
22 till noon at 560 W. Kim's.
The game starting at one only on sports radio 560 Q. A. A.
Liberty.
Powered.
Liberty.
Powered.
As prosecutor for the right.
You're like a Nazi from the O. Third Reich.
A Clinton's ain't us to find anything like women who like it in between.
What's your problem? Can he start?
Don't you think you got to buy everybody think you are like Joseph McCarthy?
Did you know that your McCarthy was gay?
Look kind of like he can except he never paid. He kept right home close by his side until he got fired with broken died.
What's your problem? Can he start?
It's too bad that word for rose.
We want to take you like Joseph McCarthy.
Creep, creep, creep, creep, or.
Creep, creep, creep, creep, or.
So here's the fact that says John Ford is absolutely the worst talk show host in the history of broadcasting.
Someone finally has surpassed Joey Reynolds.
I never thought I'd see the day that would happen.
And I didn't see this because I was at the track last night losing 90 bucks.
PS, those assholes at Wami scoot up the end of your 1030 show last night.
By the way, I want to congratulate Terry Kur on a miserable performance at Pomato Park last night.
Thanks a lot Terry. Somebody steer him in the right direction.
Oh, man, is he killing us?
Okay, where we going?
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello?
Hey, good morning, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, um, listen to that Ken starting.
I've noticed that every time they show him in the news, he has that smirk on his face.
He's got a truck on his pussy. He's got that coffee, Nick Cantor.
The drug. He's got a jug in his hand.
Refer to that fact to just send to sure I was watching the show last night.
Yeah, and the last couple of seconds you were talking, but it was I guess they queued in the voice of a, you know,
telling people what they were going to show next on Wami.
Yeah, that was always being heard.
But over the day, they stepped on me. Is that what you're saying?
They stepped on me on that show on Wami last night.
All over you there.
Oh, nice, nice gone.
All right.
I've got the footprints on my, uh, rectum.
You know what I mean? Have a great day, pal.
Take care. Thanks for the good news.
They're stepping on me on Wami.
Now that's probably because I didn't want to hang around here for Stephanie and, uh,
and Rob to give me some kind of propaganda.
What was that all about?
Why is he always so mysterious?
Why can't this man just come out and spit it out so to speak?
Why can't he just say what's on his mind?
He's always about to be, but he's dancing around the edges around the periphery of what everyone wants to say.
And I just, uh, I don't have like, uh, 75, 80 hours a day to wait for you to come out and spit it out, Rob.
We have an open line in date, five, six, seven, oh, five, 60 in pound, five, 60 on a mobile one line.
And by the way, Georgia's been warned.
You only get two warnings on this.
If he ever makes a comment about Danny from Wami's feet again, he's out.
That's it.
Here's a mobile and sunrise. Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how's it going?
Uh, my brother, my brother in law works that over at the, uh, the new arena doing a communication work.
Right.
He, he saw the practice out there.
He said that Sean Burke was like a brick wall and Kirk McClain was just whiting to every day.
Like I said, well, I got news for it.
It'll be, uh, it'll be the, you know, today it'll be the opposite because between the two of them, they're both very inconsistent.
And, uh, you know, I mean, I, I mean, I'm hoping for the best.
Maybe Sean Burke with a change of scenery will wake up and be consistent, but he never has been in his career.
Okay. Uh, one other thing.
Keep in mind he's been on a hundred different teams in the last year.
Yeah, that's true.
One other thing, uh, speaking about that driver, yes, sir, on the same thing.
I'm sitting out working out by the airport and I just watched the same plane miss twice on a landing and flew back around again twice.
In other words, if they aborted the landing, they aborted the, they bolted the landing.
Is the weather real bad out there?
No, it's, I'm perfect.
Well, maybe they're practicing, you know, practice makes perfect.
Of course, I mean, I don't know if I could say it, but you probably blank it out, but it's fine air.
Okay.
And they crashed once or whatever.
Why would I blank that out?
You know, you know, they're, you know, their pilots must be.
And what I've always said, and at other one, I don't want to mention the value, Jeb.
But when you see a plane with a clown laughing on it, you know, that's not always a good sign.
Have a great day.
It's their train now.
Okay.
Okay. Whatever you say, he's a picket on your lines.
Yeah, that one time coming back from Amsterdam on a mart near where you boarded the landing.
And the, I told the story many times.
And it was raining and it was windy.
And as we were coming in, you felt kind of like a little unstable at all, but suddenly just a few feet from the one way.
Hey, we're going back up again.
It was pretty nice up there, huh?
Yeah, let's go back up there where it's safe.
And then I found out later on in the day that a whole bunch of flights are coming in that habit.
But I guess that's not really all that unusual.
I mean, I've only had it happen that one time.
Thank, Madeleine O'Hare.
Thanks, somebody.
By the way, do you ever see Madeleine again?
No.
She run off with the money.
Uh-huh.
Good. I hope she has a good time with it, that old bitch.
Wrinkled up, pulled back.
What's she going to run off with money for?
We have an open line at Broward, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
That is a mysterious thing though, isn't it?
That she just vanished from the face of the earth, Madeleine O'Hare?
Just to disappear.
I mean, we don't know if she's dead.
If she's alive, if she's escorted with a...
I mean, how much money could she get?
Atheist don't own any money.
Well, what does that mean?
Anybody out there know where Madeleine is?
No.
I'm B.C. B. Albutlary King tonight.
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing, Neil?
Great.
Uh, I'm not doing so hot.
Why not? What's the matter?
Oh, I read that paper yesterday about Wayne not allowing, you know, a tailgate party.
Yeah.
First of all, it's not football.
Okay, fine. Yeah.
I mean, football is a part of the way.
Yeah, it's not that Wayne is not allowing tailgate parties.
The city of Sunrise is not allowing it.
Uh, I find that hard to believe it.
He was quite pushing it too, and then scalping too?
You know, you know.
Well, wait a minute.
Let me ask you this.
Doesn't Wayne own P.P. Park and don't they have tailgate parties over there every game?
Yeah, he does.
So what the hell do you...
I mean, you can blame him for a lot of things, but he has no authority to make decisions about tailgate parties at the New
Arena.
Because he...
Unless he...
Because if he said no tailgate parties at P.P. Park, I actually Joe Robby, first thing is going to happen.
The sales are going to go down.
I mean, this football, that isn't, you know, that isn't hockey.
Hockey's different sport.
You just try to knit this in the butt before it starts.
I mean, the guy who leads a bad taste in my mouth, honestly.
I mean, I'm slow.
Monica said too.
Oh, God.
I guess I am just so static that, you know, that he fooled Marlon's.
I might actually go to a Marlon game next year.
Sure.
You know, you might actually have a team almost worth watching, and they might create an atmosphere out there that starts making it fun again instead of a suicide-inducing.
What's the name of this new guy that's buying the team now?
John Henry.
That's right.
He's a pile-driving guy. He's got bad piles, but he's going to be a hell of a good gooner.
I read in the paper, he was like, I don't need, I don't need to see you to buy me a stadium.
If I want a stadium, I'll build a stadium.
I'll build my own stadium.
You know what we agree?
I'm building a wrong guy, damn stadium.
John, we're real happy to have you, but build your own damn stadium.
And by the hockey team, too, please, because we want to get rid of Wayne there badly.
Now I'm a static.
I mean, if that's how you're something.
Pavel Burry is sitting up there.
He's been suspended the Vancouver Connux.
This guy is the most exciting player in the whole National Hockey League.
It's not even a contest.
And he says he will never play for Vancouver again, which he said for two or three years in a row.
But this year, I think he means it.
And here's the guy.
Why doesn't somebody come along?
Why don't we open up our checkbooks?
They say, okay, we'll make a deal for you.
We'll trade you.
Whoever the hell you want.
You want Sean Burke.
You want Neeter Murray.
You want Warner.
We'll throw in a kitchen sink.
And of course, they don't want Kirk McClain, because the monkey knows he's sucked.
But at any rate, would we get him because he wants too much money?
He's a high paid.
We don't have those superstars, because we don't pay any money, because Wayne's still owns the team.
Can you imagine the excitement opening night at the new Mac Arena out there in sunrise and Provelle Berrikes out on the ice for the Panthers?
Oh my God, we would be moist.
Oh, tell me about it.
No, let me tell you something.
All of this crap about him, you know, pouring money into the Panthers.
And he can happen.
Not for another year.
Well, what crap about pouring money?
Nobody said he's putting any money into it.
There's no way he's going to do it.
Is it cheap print?
We all know that.
Oh, absolutely.
Anyway, now I'll see you there.
And no tailgating.
Okay, no tailgating and hockey game.
Let's cut the crap.
We have an open line in Deadland, one in Broward, 5.670560, 0.560 on the mobile one line.
Don't forget this.
And I don't want to be negative, man.
I love hockey.
I love my Panthers.
I love my Maple Leafs, who are laughing.
It's not going to work.
But this ad, I keep pointing.
I saved this from yesterday's Sun Sentinel on page 7c as in C this.
Oh, this is bad.
I am not a goody two shoes.
I'm a farthest thing from a prude.
I got a great sense of humor.
But whoever came up with this ad should be fired.
So, two screaming kids on this page.
This coming on the heels of little kids blowing away their classmates and teachers
and all these other shootings in schools and everybody out of their minds with guns.
Shots fired and it circled in red.
In red circle.
Like, hey, look at this.
Shots fired.
Screaming crowds.
Live Panthers.
Bring the kids.
And of course it goes on to be an ad for the hockey fans.
This Saturday at the Macarena.
Which goes on by the way from 10 a.m. to 8 p.m.
There'll be a playwright, a grass free admission, free parking.
Slap shot Cades.
New J- uh, new, the unveiling of the New Jersey at two o'clock.
See, that, even that is not done well.
It says New Jersey unveiling at two p.m.
No, the New Jersey.
You know what I'm saying?
The un, oh, it should say the unveiling of the New Jersey is what it should say.
Hey, you're a genius.
No, don't take a genius.
Forget it.
New Jersey unveiling.
They're going to lift the curtain.
Hey, those are Jersey.
God, there's Hoboken, there's T-neck, there's Tenor Fly, there's Anglewood.
Get out of here.
Locker room tour.
Oh, that's right.
They're going to let you go in and mark the spot.
Squared square.
Already marked the right-wing spot.
But they're not too happy about it.
Oh, guess who I haven't heard from it a long time.
Okay, we have an open line and Dave, one and Broward.
6705, 60 and 5.5, 60 on the mobile one line.
You know what I have to say about it?
Yes!
God, my life is so peaceful and calm now and now.
Here's a Pemberpine.
Hello?
Yeah, how are you doing?
Great.
Yeah, I'm married and I guess under the courts and the Clinton's definition of sex, I haven't
cheated on my wife yet either.
Uh-huh.
That's good.
Yeah, but seriously, cheating, obviously.
I think it goes hand in hand with lying.
If you're going to cheat, obviously, you're going to lie about it.
So, I mean, nobody cares or not that nobody cares, but in my opinion, and I think you feel the same.
It doesn't carry the way because it doesn't affect any national policy or any interest that the country is trying to retain, a national debt and so on and so forth.
Social security.
So, I just, I love that these stories are coming out now on these people and they're going to kind of dig their own graves.
And it's definitely going to be a backlash in November at the polls.
And I'm voting ten times Democrat across the board.
You know, 20 times.
So, I hope you think there'll be a backlash on them as time comes out now.
It's really hard to say, you know, the thing is that they're hoping that people are going to get so turned off that Democrats are going to stay home and they're not going to come out and vote and answer the result.
They're going to have this big landslide.
But I mean, why the hell would anybody want to reward this witch hunt that's going on here, which is, you know, attempting to bring down a whole goddamn government and, you know, a circus,
a society showing a circus here, which is deflecting all of our attention and the government's attention away from the things that they should be taking your business, like maybe passing a budget for next year would be good.
You know, see, they're so revengeful for Iran culture and water gait and they're demeaning the office of the presidency.
Forget about the guy, but they're really hurting the so if they really cared about how it and this indignation of theirs about all this is the most discussed.
All they are is reddened the face because now, you know, all that's going on now is it's being shown that there are a bunch of sanctimonious hypocrites like this woman and I to hold this channel with woman and Burton and Indiana, who's nothing but a Nazi.
And now Henry Hyde, who they pass off is, oh, he's such a wonderful gentleman and a true.
Yeah, it's a bunch of bull crap.
It is as partisan as the day is long and it's the problem with this guy then country is politics in this country have nothing to do with what's good for the country.
It's a game between the pulling against each other and it's it's bad news, man.
But you know, Neil, the thing why I think there's going to be this backlash is because any moron, Democrat, Republican, libertarian, whatever can see that they didn't have to go to these extremes or come out with such detail.
They could have easily gone and made their case without that.
And by the way, they're having their meetings today in secret behind closed doors. That's right. With about releasing the tapes.
I thought all of this was going to be like in the in the sunshine, just like in Florida government, the sunshine and open to the public and on television for you to watch these hearings and this debate in this dialogue.
Oh, no, they haven't closed door means today to decide when and how and which they will release these tapes of his testimony. Beautiful.
But that's not partisan. We want you to understand that there's no partisanship. We're going to be really fair. Right. You tell him Henry. Just run and hide.
Two open lines in Dave and Q a.m.
The Neil Roger show or Lottardale.
The sunset pitch.
He likes a set of color people.
He likes a brand of color people.
All the suburban driving to France would ignite with love in this bag.
His evidence back.
We took the Bronco but there's the window to leave up the drums on the floor.
All men.
A soldier on the door.
All the summer forever.
Where did it not work out from?
All the summer forever.
He dropped the bloody floor.
Since the name Cato.
Back from a burger in France and rest to what near.
Unclusively I've changed nothing.
Dropping the songs near the band of the song that you've been.
Closing some head.
The song.
So what are they trying to say?
Oh, we know that.
It's a 12.02 at 5.60 WQM on a great Thursday.
Hanthokhan of a scale of seven.
I gave it about a six and a half.
We got this guy in Weston who had his marriage broken up in his life run by Henry Hyde years ago.
That's married but so was Henry.
Here's a Palm Beach.
Hey, Neil, what up?
Can we do it for you, sir?
Did you see your friend Pat that Palm Pino last night?
No, she's on a sabbatical.
She's on a slow boat to China.
I got a panic update from Utah.
No.
They're all in a truck that they're censoring it.
They're chopping it up and offering a censored version and they're getting sued by the studio.
I saw that.
I think Orn's match may be involved in that.
Could be.
And you cracked me up a couple of days ago.
You were talking about.
He changed your wardrobe for your TV show where you're running those Tommy hidden finger shirts and everything.
I'm going to have to somehow know I'm going to have to hook up my dish here so I can get that.
There's a child 69 right?
Right.
But no idea whether it be in Boca or whatever.
Well, no, it's not on the cable but I mean you got to put a UHF thing on here.
I think you can get it if you have a UHF antenna.
I'll work on it in the video too.
Okay. Good luck, pal.
Just keep working on it.
We have two open outs against a lot of work on it in Boca's edit.
So like I said, don't work on it.
Two open lines in Broward 560-705-60 and Palm 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
What do you think?
Should Henry hide?
What do you think?
No.
Let's bring them out.
Let's put a spotlight on Henry.
Let's shine a light in this box and see if there's any stains left over.
I'll watch your name's dressed from 30 years ago.
You never know.
You never know what you might have hiding in the closet and the broom closet somewhere
that old bag.
You might have one of those old stained dresses from back in Henry hide days.
Let's get the old evidence.
You know what I'm talking about?
Cool.
Yeah, we know already.
Okay.
Here's a ghoul.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how's it going?
Okay, sir.
Good up, apologize, because I can't listen to your radio show at the officer in the day.
Too many computers, too much interference, but I was watching the TV show last night.
Yeah.
And you kept repeating a phrase over and over.
Rying under oath is not perjury.
That's right.
Oh, sir, you can laugh while you want.
This is just a minute.
You think I just made that up?
Well, I looked up the definition for perjury in the last night and it basically says to give
false information under oath.
But that's not correct.
That's not the total legal definition of what really constitutes legal perjury.
That's not correct.
It has to be material to whatever the subject matter is.
And the judge in the Paula Jones case is already ruled specifically that that testimony was not material to the case.
And the case has been thrown out anyway.
But we're talking about now the monocholowinsky issue where Ken Star in a federal grand jury asked
if he had sexual relations with her.
Yeah.
And again, he's playing semantics.
He was playing the same semantics game with them.
If you think we ought to impeach a president based on semantics because he was trying to avoid getting into the juicy details of who touched what and who did this, then we got a real problem.
And we'd understand it's nitpicking, but I mean, Ken Star was in there investigating a lot of things.
Well, let me ask you something.
How come Ken Star was investigating the president's sex life?
Will you tell me that?
Look, what the real judges mandated and formed the federal, the special prosecution, the independent counsel office.
Yeah.
But what started to happen?
The business that this righteous right wing Ken Star have going on a sexual McCarthyite witch hunt of the president's every detail of his life.
And it's Reno's office initiated.
Yeah.
He's the one that gave him the right.
I know that.
I know that. I've said that many times.
But why did he have to expand it to the point where he had to go in every juicy detail and what difference does it make?
He's showing a pattern.
A pattern of what?
What?
A pattern of what?
A pattern of what?
A pattern of what?
No, no.
I mean, I understand.
It's a ridiculous issue having sex.
I understand that.
But the bigger issue here is that if he was lying under oath, what was that?
Are we setting for security?
Sure, but let me say it again.
Oh, come on.
It's setting for a few of your presidents, Reagan, Lied about Laurent Contra, Bush Lied about it.
Johnson Lied about the Gulf of Tonkin to give us an excuse to go into the war in Vietnam.
I mean, well, sir, are you really that naive?
It gives a president.
I'm going to tell you if every president Lied was in the war.
Lied only about his sex life.
We'd be in good shape and have a great day.
Jesus Christ, how can there be so many dumb people out there?
Oh, it's a dangerous president.
And let me tell you one more time.
Ask Greta von Sustern Brown and Roger Kossack and all these other legal experts on CNN and all these other 500 networks.
They've been saying it 20 million times if you listen to a newscaster read a newspaper lying under oath does not constitute perjury, sir.
I didn't just make it up.
Look up in the goddamn book, okay?
Like Larry King would say.
Look up in the goddamn book.
Jesus.
And on one hand, he's saying, well, you know, it isn't really much, but on the other hand, it's a bad precedent.
Let's face it, you want him out.
That's your entire your opinion.
I don't have it to agree and have a great day and a great life.
I think it's pathetic.
I think it's embarrassing.
I think it's degrading and humiliating.
And if you can't nail somebody on it, see, this is the thing.
There's a constant pattern all right.
And that is when you go after this and you can't nail them and you go after that.
And every other guy damn thing out of the sun and you still can't nail his ass.
Ah, here's something we can get them on because there was hanky, panky going underneath light about it.
You think the Kennedys would have given honest answers about their sexual exploits in a white house?
No.
Oh, man.
Jesus, Joseph and Mary.
You think that I just now would have talked about his German mistress?
No.
You think that Nixon would have talked honestly about his Chinese girlfriend?
No.
Or that Bush would have talked honestly about his extramarital affair?
No.
Oh.
Who might leave it out?
Oh, no, no.
Oh, there's a great.
I'm so glad that this guy calls.
Woo!
I'll find which paper it is.
One moment, please.
I always read the letters to the editors because most of them are from silly old people who are senile and nobody else has time to waste the writing letters to the editor.
It was about now, let's be in a hero.
Okay, one moment, please.
Nice music.
You'll act crap.
Okay, here we go.
It's in a herald.
Here it is.
When I was born, Harold Courtney in Pemberpines is probably 110 years old.
When I was born, Franklin Delano Roosevelt was president.
The esteem for the presidency was instilled in me by my parents and teachers.
Presidents Harry Truman.
White eyes now, Ronald Reagan and George Bush may have had their faults but they did not embarrass the country as his president Clinton.
Yada, yada, yada.
Okay, there you are.
Maybe next time we can find a president who won in viruses and what he's saying.
Isn't that interesting?
FDR who had a mistress almost the entire time that he was in a white house while his bull-like wife Eleanor was off living with her girlfriend, not even in the same goddamn house.
So God forbid that president Roosevelt who got us through the Depression and World War II and four terms in office, by the way.
God forbid that he should have embarrassed us by cheating on his wife.
I mean, get out of here.
You silly old farts.
These people that live their lives on it with some kind of a blanket over there.
He would blinders on like a goddamn horse.
What am I getting all worked up about?
You know what I mean?
It's just so silly that it's pathetic.
It's just tragic.
Ten minutes past noon at 560 W-60.
Q-A-C.
It's 1260 and 560 W-Q-M.
Oh, they did a perfect meeting today.
Thank you, Nesey, and Chuck, of course, from the Senate.
This is exactly the way I want it all the time.
You know what?
This could be basically my meal for the day.
We have two open lines in Breyer because we're not giving away more dolphin and stealer tickets today.
So it's not going to be as easy as it might have been.
Every time we do that, we have a lot of...
You know, we get some interesting calls.
People who otherwise aren't quite as motivated to call in and say something that might be on their mind.
You know, the last guy, see that pains me.
I mean, I can disagree with you all day long.
Everybody's got a right to their opinion.
But when you don't know what you're talking about,
when you're making juvenile statements that on the face of them,
oh, it's a dangerous precedent.
What? That the presidents aren't going to go into their sex lives if they're screwing around?
I hate to break the news to you.
Even the...
Which one of these right wingers the other day was saying that even politicians...
Oh, that was...
Was it if you can and know not that far to the right, but almost.
Even politicians have a private life.
How do you like that?
What a concept.
Even people, celebrities, show business people should have a private life.
Where did all this stuff start anyway?
Yeah, I need that because somebody as famous,
these paparazzi and all this other bull crap that we heard about with that Diana stuff.
With these tabloids.
Oh, if you're famous and you're making a lot of money,
therefore we have a right to know who you're screwing,
where you're sticking it, based on what?
Based on what?
Here's Mimey Lake, hello.
Hey Neil, how are you?
Great.
I apologize profusely for that asshole called earlier.
Which one?
What? That last caller, I believe it was?
About the dangerous president?
Yeah, I mean, it's right what you said, Ev.
When you don't know what the hell you're talking about, I mean...
No.
He's given me the definition of perjury as if we haven't heard it 10,000 times
from these lawyers on TV last two weeks.
No, what I wanted to say, I wanted to say a few things to you.
I mean, first of all, why is everybody looking first about the Clinton?
Why is everybody looking at this?
This is the first time somebody ever cheated on their wife and then this and that.
I mean, for Christ's sake, look at Jimmy Swider, what?
Jesus' brother, you know, he cheated with whatever he needs.
He has his brother, that's right.
He has his brother, that's right.
But then again, you know, Clinton is a lot worse, you know?
Now that we got this Henry Hart stuff, I think that they ought to put it on.
We ought to have 24 hours a day.
I mean, it's tit for tat, you know.
What's good for the goose is good for the gander.
Well, we got together right down here.
This old guy lives in Weston.
That Henry Hyde was a broke up his marriage and was having an affair for four years with his wife.
Yeah.
Now, let me tell you another thing.
Yes, sir.
Just to show you how much of a twisted this government is,
you go and tell Castro that he's cheating on his wife and see how far you're going to get in the media.
You stay online.
You won't even say up and that's that your...
Can a star should be on death row right now?
Henry should be having his execution on the CBS Evening News with Dan Rather, six tonight.
I tell you, you've been a lot of season around longer than I have.
And how many people, I mean, the US and me, the Castro has killed and nobody has touched them, you know what I mean?
Yeah.
I mean, give me a break and lay off of Clinton, you know what I mean?
Okay.
God damn second of all.
Yes.
About the traffic thing.
Yeah.
I'm a student pilot, okay?
And that's something I'm trying to convince my boss to build a goddamn airport in the back parking lot.
Start off the driving this damn place anymore.
It is disgusting driving in Miami.
Okay, pal, good luck.
Okay.
He's pissed off and fired up.
He's got an airport in his backyard.
We have an open line at day 567-560 and 565-660 on the AT&T.
He wants to have an airport there.
That's why you say he wants a helipad, a launching pad, a something pad, a maxi pad.
Sounds he's getting so agitated. He could use a maxi pad when he's so, look out.
Squared to late.
Here's a call from Taberniere. Hello.
Good afternoon, Neil.
Good afternoon, Tia Sir.
Sir, I got a question for you.
Go ahead ahead.
With all the 10,000 shows on TV in the 60 million talk and heads.
I've been searching desperately to find out what's going on with this grand jury.
Are they in session? Out of session? What's the deal?
First of all in session.
Well then how can they make this stuff public? Isn't it all supposed to be secret?
I don't understand.
Well, what do you mean he's been leaking it out?
Everything that he comes up with, they leak it out to the media.
I mean this tape, this tape.
Yes.
All this, uh, right.
This presentation to the Congress. Isn't that all supposed to be part of the grand?
And what is their purpose in all this?
The purpose is to enviroment and humiliate him in the right amount of office
and to make some political hate with it and to take a stranglehold on the government.
And who knows what after that?
I mean you're talking about going against the Constitution.
This is a blatant go-
The founding fathers are ruling in their graves over this right now.
Guarantee of that right now.
Peter Graves ain't too happy about it.
You know they say, well you're missing a point. He lied. He did.
I mean that, he talked about being very selective and nitpicking.
I just don't get it anymore.
And even if you read the transcripts of the monarchy,
once he admits that she was practically blackmailing him for a job
because he, you know, he finally blew her off so to speak.
And, you know, and we don't hear anything about her and her behavior.
This was two consenting adults and then she went up with these sinister motives
and she gets together and she's blabbing everybody in the damn world about this.
I mean you're talking about a manifestly irresponsible bitch
and immediately they, they, they, they, they, they aren't interested in her.
I mean, the least bit. We're supposed to be feeling sorry for her.
Now this is obvious, obvious evidence of a right-wing conspiracy.
I mean they want now us to believe that we got a moral leader in the White House
that we need a moral leader.
Right. If that doesn't sound like the Christian right, I don't know what is.
Let's put somebody good in there like Jimmy Baker, who can the real deal.
Oh yeah, right away, right away.
Longs you don't catch him. It's all right.
There you go. Have a great day pal. You too.
So yeah. Yeah, let's get Jimmy Swaggart and Jim Baker
and all those other good right-wing glum in here, huh?
And Pat Robertson, whose wife had the babies 10 weeks after they got married,
which we don't hear anymore about that.
And that Paula Jones first TV appearance was on the 700 Club with Pat Robertson.
Just the coincidence, don't you understand?
And when her lawyer's quint and discussed Paula Jones when her original lawyer's quint
and his right-wing lawyers came in paid for by the far right, that was just the coincidence.
They didn't have any ulterior motives. We know that.
Because this isn't political. Keep in mind the right-wing extremists,
they're only concerned in what's good for America.
That's right. Here's Miami with six question marks. Hello.
Hello. Yes, sir. Sir, I think she just shut up already.
Well, okay. Well, I think you need a probably need a animus
when I think blueberry would be good.
Flavor of the week at Baskin Robbins.
Blueberry. Blueberry Swirl, I think is what it is.
Let the...
Rectomes wore right in there for a little while.
Like I said, the young fix-it-aid county man, we need...
So we need a transfer.
Sent somebody's once we got here over there and get some bright ones from where else they're coming from.
Here's a mobile invoker. Hello.
Neil. Yes, sir. How are you today?
Great. Good. You were at the track last night.
And he had biography on.
And they had the man of the hour, Mr. Star.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
They pointed something out that he gets up every morning and sings Christian here.
Oh, he's a fanatical, right-wing religious nut. We know that.
That later that called you last week about the gallows grin.
Yeah. I think there's a lot of truth to that.
You know, it says in the Newsweek article I was reading last night in this week's issue
that some of his staff members had to explain to him, you know, when Monica gave her testimony
and described all the intimate acts, the sex acts, they had to explain to him what some of the acts were.
Oh. How do you like that?
Pretty scary. Yeah.
Listen, you have a good day. And back to you. Maybe they had to get out a couple of blow-up dolls.
Okay. Mr. Star, do you understand? Okay. She put the...
Oh, God. You know.
Go get Ken Star at Talok. He's getting a little bit over-riding.
Oh, sir, too late.
1220, by the way, lunch today is great, Chuck. Oh, God. Is this steak and cheese and onion?
See, this is perfect. If I could just drown in the sea of this every day,
I would never eat any of that other crap, any of that ice cream.
No more ice cream, okay? Until Italy.
Oh, that's not that far away. 1225.
We didn't expect it to run this long. That's f***ing bitch.
He has no problems. He has no problems.
No, I don't. Okay. Well, thanks for the good news.
We have an open line at day one in Broward. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60 on the 18-T wireless line.
They're hucking a trinic, but I'm out there all waiting for those tapes to come out.
Let me say it again.
Last Friday, all these Nazis were positively undershadowed over it out.
Once they got those transcripts out and they had them all bundled up
and they were opening up all those cartons and they're schlepping them all over the place.
Once we get this stuff out, he's finished.
Guess what?
Wrong.
Okay. Well, we're going to make sure that the media people keep banging on us and banging on us.
We'll have every Nazi in the Congress getting up there making these impassioned speeches and acting indignant.
And all these cowardly Democrats are going to be fighting over there.
They're going to run away like God damn Jesse James. They're going to be running so fast.
There was a Jesse Owens. Both of them. I guess Jesse James ran fast too.
And it didn't work.
So now, tomorrow, late this afternoon, we're going to have the tape testimony.
Showing what the president's true. That's what they're saying. They want to show his true colors.
Now, when somebody says that, what does it indicate to you?
Doesn't it tell you that they're trying to humiliate him and embarrass him and he grates him?
And do everything in their power to lower the public's steam for him?
Most people don't have much anyway on a personal level.
But they still think he's doing an okay job and they don't want him a drummed out office.
They just read the media and these other people, they refuse to get the message.
They're trying their damnedest.
Everything in their power to shift and manipulate public opinion.
Is it working so far?
No. Not too well.
Here's for Lauderdale. Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how you doing? It's fun to month time, man. You're talking about the cool of food.
Yeah, huh? What do you say?
Open-line in Broward, 5667-0560, pop 560 on the AT&T line.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir. How's it going, buddy?
Okay.
Yeah, I was watching a couple things. I was watching World News tonight.
Sam Donaldson had a thing.
Sam Donaldson. Oh, in the middle of my lung.
Hello.
I'm listening.
Not Sam Donaldson. Peter Jenny.
That's probably even worse.
He had a little segment on there about Ken Stark, go too far.
And that was pretty good and all these people were against him about, you know,
hey, all this little nit-picking stuff that he's just digging his own grave anyways.
Second of all, I was in Tampa the other day.
And I was in this office and the subject came up and I said, they asked my opinion
and I said, hey, the economy's fine.
I've got no problem. What he does in his personal life.
And this guy goes, oh, that's Harvey Greenspan.
He's the one who's got the economy going right.
That's what the woman said.
Harvey Greenspan?
Yeah, that's what the guy said.
Oh, is that me? Maybe Harvey Fierstein?
Yeah. And then this woman shines in and says, she says to me, she says.
Now, he's the president of the United States and we should know everything that's going on in his life.
And I go, hey, what about when we start finding out what's going on in your life?
What about when he's got bloody diarrhea?
Do you think we had to hear about his bowel movements like we did in the President's eyes now?
I said, what are the what are they started to poke around in your life?
What's going on in your life?
Yeah. Bitch.
She's probably all those bitches that blows a lot of gas all over the earth.
There was no such an argument with these right-wing bastards about what's this and what's that.
So I just kind of shut my mouth.
And then, and then close and then closing and then closing.
Yeah, go ahead.
And closing.
This is for Ken Star.
Why don't you go to hell? You not be bastard.
Okay. How does he really feel, though? What was that car, Sam?
We have an open line at Broward 567-0560 and pound 560 on the 18T wireless line.
Here's a lady in Miami. Hello?
Hello?
Lady in Miami.
Neil?
Yes, ma'am.
I just want to ask you one question.
Yeah.
If they go into humiliating Clinton, why don't they humiliate that slut Lewinsky at the same time?
Yeah.
That's what I'd like to know.
Uh-huh.
And the newspaper people just don't do it.
Uh-huh.
So I don't know when that's going to happen.
It's about time because she's trying to get away with murder, I guess.
So what do you think, Neil?
I think it's almost new year. Have a good one.
We have an open line in date.
567-0560 pound 560 on the 18T.
Well, I think I'm almost done with lunch and I'm sad because it's so good.
Hmm.
You have to say for every morsel.
What are these slabs?
I mean, these guys eat.
Sob is a TV people.
The whammy people, the whammy, whammy, whammy guys.
Mostly turkey.
Some tuna.
They're turkeys.
And what about fat Joe and what do he have today?
After his two points of meatball.
He's a meatball, yeah, we know them.
Yourself, Miami. Hello.
Hello, Neil. Good afternoon.
Yes, sir. Buenas tardes.
I don't think you could humiliate Lil Winsky.
Anything that's happened so far, if she's not in the room.
Any bitch that would save us address with a cum stain on it must be out of her freaking mind
that her mother and the God to my shbuckles, they should be in a mental institution.
Or a point.
Like she would save it up baseball, a Mark McWire baseball, a souvenir.
Neil, I missed it first.
I missed it first two hours or so, or your show.
Did you or anyone mention that if he makes good on his promise there's a player out there available
that if we possibly could trade for, would make a almost certain immediate impact when the season starts.
And Burie, did anyone mention that?
I talked about that.
I missed it first couple hours.
I couldn't pay.
First of all, who they got to trade for.
And number two, they're not going to pay him that salary.
Maybe Neeter Meyer and Adraft Pick.
Anything would help.
They're going to get Pavel Burie for Neeter Meyer and Adraft Pick.
Anything would be better than what we have.
Yeah, well, it's not going to happen.
They're not going to pay him the guy's months like $9, $10 million a year, whatever his contract is.
They're not going to, we don't have any superstars on this team.
This is a team that is in the sixth year of its franchise.
The only guy you might have ever considered to be like in a superstar category was Van Beesbrook.
And now of course that he's gone.
There's been nothing him and he's stunk.
There's not one legitimate superstar that's ever been on his franchise other than him.
Well, that would have been nice space to think about.
But we'll wait and see when the season starts.
Don't hold your breath, sir.
Have a good day.
Okay, enjoy the new arena.
Enjoy the Macarena.
We have two open lines in the day.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and 0.5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
We're getting Pavel Burie.
Right.
And Peter Nedman, by the way, is going to sign up.
He has already signed to play in the International League with Las Vegas, which what a waste of talent.
Here's that guy.
It's a 30 or 40 goal score for sure.
Hell of a player wants too much money.
But nevertheless, he's going to wind up playing there because nobody we don't want to pay him some serious money.
And all comes back to one thing.
And as when you've got a cheap basket, it doesn't care about the fans.
It doesn't care about the quality of the team.
Who's got his fist tightly on those first rings.
Try to, you know, in a course this coming season,
Baldi's going to try to squeeze as much as he can out of that arena to make up for the losses he had down there in Miami.
And he doesn't give a crap about winning, losing anything else because he's going to unload this franchise anyway.
So what the hell does he care?
Here's Hialia. Hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes, sir.
We're going to have Al Ghostin on the program again.
When am I going to have Mom?
Whenever you bring his fat ass in here.
I'm looking for a job, man. Maybe to help me out.
No, okay.
We have an open line and what kind of job is he going to do?
A job that kind.
No, I don't think you're his type.
Open line at day 56670560.560 on the AT&T line.
Mobile and Coral Springs. Hello.
Yes, sir.
How you doing? Pretty good.
Okay.
Hey, these lawyers, that's, like in a junior advocate.
You know, what gives them the right to throw a hairball team like they're doing right now.
You know, it's good to have you.
Okay, listen, call me back when you get a new phone.
Well, they got to try something, you know.
We have an open line and Howard 56670560 because we don't have a justice system in America.
We have a game that gets played.
Yeah, you go out and get your lawyers and we'll get our best lawyers.
We'll see who wins the game.
It's got nothing to do with justice.
It has to do with being a game.
Remember OJ? Anybody remember him?
Uh-huh.
Not that we're playing the race cards.
Right on, bro.
Let's have that black power salute.
Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how you doing today?
Okay.
I really enjoy your show and I just want to say thank you for letting me be on your radio show.
I'll have a comment on this whole thing with the president.
Yeah.
You know, if it's the only thing that we have is to just try to give them a give us the people a right.
Just try to challenge the truth.
I mean, let's just get it under our belts that even though President Clinton did lie and do all those things,
impeachment is adequate for that punishment because it's just destroying the whole system that has it's already been corrupted.
And if all we can do is get him out of the president and put us a new president or get us into a new direction and just 43 million dollars that he spent on his defense up all the whole time.
So why are you talking?
One of these words that are come.
What is it that you're saying?
Well, I guess what I'm saying is that my point is that I think we have every right to go after him and try to get him impeached.
Why is that?
I feel as a majority that we are entitled to having a certain.
Okay, great.
Okay.
The majority we are entitled, sir, I'm going to tell you something.
I've had some callers who talk pig Latin that made more sense than you do.
We have an open line in Broward, 5.6705.60 and Pomp 5.60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's the intelligentsia of America coming forward, speaking their piece, baby.
And they got a piece.
No.
Oh, my God.
I got a piece of an I stick with cheese and onion right here.
Oh, it looks like a little onion over there in a corner of this container, but it's not.
Here's Oakland par, hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
How are you doing?
I do like that guy.
Pretty out of that.
I was talking about.
He's like, I'll tell you the double talk there.
I don't know what he's talking about.
Neither does he.
I got a quick question about hockey.
Is the crease going to be the boring circle again?
Or what?
No, they've chopped off the edges.
What about the crease?
No, hey, and that too.
No, they've chopped off the edge of the crease to make it smaller so that guys who are like on the edge,
who may have their skate, which used to be in the crease.
Yeah, instead of just getting rid of that stupid rule, and letting a real goal be a goal and the line.
Judging that with the referee and the lines been there, I mean, if a guy is off in a sign and has nothing to do with a goal-banging score,
that's the decision that should be made.
But unfortunately, Captain BM, by the way, you know, is one of the great proponents of that in the crease rule,
which is the dumbest rule that hockey ever came up with.
Oh, well, it's fun.
What's going on, Captain BM?
That's for teams.
How about the exercises?
Is that new thing coming out soon?
Any minute?
About that special edition thing they have?
Any minute.
I'm repeating.
Yeah, I'll put it on the boy.
I'm a Catholic.
No.
We have an open line at Broward, 5'6", 7'5", 60",
Pompive 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Lorenzo's winning.
When I wish on the day when the end,
I was killed by my daddy.
I was a little daddy, not me, or...
I was a little queen-y.
It's not a media mystery.
I'm up the one who knows.
We beat the N.P.T. with the rapper ho.
And as my head is you know,
he's wealthy and owns most of Colorado.
So they're gonna let him go.
My dad knocked me off.
He needed me to get it out of the house.
So he's the one who did it.
You'll never hear a madman did it.
My daddy knocked me off.
My daddy knocked me off.
I wonder how many of these sanctumones assholes call in here.
Would like to have us relate to the country.
All of their sexual escopades.
And if somebody attempted to do it,
you think they might go to any lengths under the sun
and try to cover it up.
You bet your sweet ass they would.
You bet their ass they would.
Oh no, but he's brought us to a...
Yeah, right.
You know, the French paper La Monde,
they said they thought that it was cute.
That the US had a president that was having an extramural affairs.
They thought it was amusing and cute,
and there's something that they admire.
How do you like that?
Of course, we all know it's something brand new.
So during the course of the break there,
which of course you all know how old can your Georgia side of the conversation.
But there was some spot we were playing.
Something had something to do with bonus.
Bonus ass.
And I said to Georgia,
your bonus ass a figment of your imagination.
And it got me thinking there for a couple of minutes
during the commercial break.
That here we are.
It's the 17th of fricking December.
We started December 30th.
It's now, what is that?
Like nine months almost closing down on nine months.
Long enough to give birth.
Unless you're Pat Robertson's wife.
It happens in only ten weeks.
And this man still doesn't have his bonus from back in January, February and March.
The winner book.
He's going to be doing a show next week for nothing, by the way.
For not one additional dime.
Does he have his bonus from the winner book?
No.
From the spring book.
Does he have one penny of it?
No.
Does he have a lot of empty promises from Greg Reed?
You know, this business of that man standing in the doorway there a few weeks ago,
and chuckling and laughing and saying,
oh, and you tell them all, I'll make a bet with them as to whether you're going to get it or not.
How would you like it if you have a bill like with F-P-N-L?
And the bill is now like three months past due in there, Tonya.
You know, we're going to shut your electric off because we're just, we just don't carry people this far.
And you say to them, I'll bet you that you're going to get to check.
Huh?
No, seriously, do you think that would suffice as an answer?
No.
I'll make a bet with you.
I'm going to pay you someday.
That's basically what this man was saying.
Is I make a bet with you that someday will pay him.
If you continue screaming about it, if you threaten legal action,
I mean, it's wonderful working for people that you have to threaten legal action
for people to get paid what they do.
In something less than seven or eight or nine months,
you'll be easily people over there and it's too bad we're not still on four mires this morning,
but I'll remember again tomorrow between 10 and noon.
You ought to be ashamed of yourselves.
Nobody, no men, conducts business like this, no real business person,
jerks people around like this and plays with other people's money like this.
And he comes down here with a straight face and looks at his like,
you know, like it's a big joke.
Oh, yeah, well, I'm taking care of it.
Oh, as long as you say you're taking care of it, Greg.
That really makes us feel very confident about it.
Okay, like where is that $200 for that spot?
Huh? Where's the 200 bucks for the spot I cut,
which the Joe Costello is anxiously waiting for,
which you could go out to the track or have a good time with this weekend?
Anybody know where that 200 bucks is?
No.
Adam?
No.
Adam's out there scouring the countryside,
finding a few more crack accounts.
Okay, here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Neil, I've been waiting on my cell phone for 14 minutes now to get on to speak to you
because I wanted to comment on that moron who called the president a common criminal.
He didn't think I meant criminally said criminal, which is even worse.
All right, but criminal is someone who commits a crime.
And thank God nobody in this country is committed a crime or is a criminal
until they're convicted and have the benefit of due process in the case of the president.
He doesn't have the patience for that.
Don't you understand?
He's already made up his mind.
Yeah, but you know, if he said that about a private citizen, a private citizen
would have an excellent case against him for liable or I forget what the other term is.
Yeah, I'm just saying.
Yeah.
You know, it's just irresponsible as hell to say something.
I don't know.
Listen, people don't worry about whether they're responsible or not.
They just all have, you know, if they didn't like him in the first place, they just use this as a reason to
put the last nails into coffin.
And that's where a lot of these people are coming from.
They didn't vote.
They didn't like him in the first place.
So why not jump on the bandwagon in it?
In addition to which, but a lot of these people don't understand, the star report was an advocacy report.
It was the one-sided report, his version of all of the testimony.
There was no cross examination of any of the witnesses.
The rebuttal, of course, is written by the President's attorneys, but it's not in that report.
So this guy's only taking things that were reported in a way that was slanted to accriminate the President.
There isn't anybody in the world, nobody, including Ken Star, who really believes all those 11 counts that he alleges that are impeachable offenses.
Nobody believes that.
Well, I'm a writer offhand.
Yeah, well, I'm delighted to say that star has made it perfectly clear.
I think any thinking person in the nation that he's embarked on a personal and a bitter vendetta that destroyed Clinton personally and professionally.
Would a lot of help from the media too, by the way.
Neil, I have never agreed more with anything that you have said when you said that this whole thing was a media creation.
The reported jamaiz has been so irrespective of the whole thing.
And drumming it and drumming it for the last day, my system would have gone way a long time ago.
And it seems like he won't be a person on the air who has any perspective about this.
That's right.
And I congratulate you on it.
Okay, have a great day, sir.
You too.
Keep your passport handy.
We have an open line in date, 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
We're living in a country where these assholes, the uneducated masses out there know nothing about freedom,
know nothing about government, know nothing about law.
They wouldn't know Henry Hyde from Mr. Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
And they're all, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
They all got the opinion because opinions like I've said a million times before like assholes, everybody's got one.
And that's opinions in America, whether you know something or not.
Like the God that's given me a lecture about, you know, well, how could you say lying under oath doesn't constitute furgery.
Very easy, because that's what every goddamn attorney, whether they're for or against the president, that's what they all agree on.
Including the ones in Congress.
So go argue with them, expert.
Here's Miami Beach. Hello.
Neil. Yes, sir.
Hey, how are you doing? Great.
Hey, I'm just shocked.
Why have people so upset about this?
They turned the TV on, during any time of the day and you find people, you find any program about adultery.
Why are people so shocked?
That's right. That's very common.
How about guiding light men? They're doing everybody in town on guiding light to write to each other.
They're doing their mothers, their fathers, their sister-in-law, their brothers, their sheep.
Your last call is the only one that I agree with, because the person who called you before about that pig land had no idea what you're talking about.
Yeah, okay. Great.
We have an open line at day 5667-0560, POM 560.
I wonder if these guys actually are doing each other while they're making these calls. You know what I'm talking about?
I wonder if they actually like have a grip on each other.
Because the one guy that called before we told you or dropped the air that this one is the one with the smallest penis.
Let's go to a North Miami Beach. Hello.
North Miami Beach.
Neil. Yes, sir. How are you? Good show.
Yes, sir.
I know you like to gamble. You go to the track all the time I see you up there.
I go to the track all the time. I love pumping out.
Yeah, once a week. Wednesday night. That's enough for me.
I got 25,000 cash being you bet. The Kent Clinton has kicked out of office.
Cash. My lawyer, you're lawyer.
Meaning what? I'll bet you.
Call a bank. We don't gamble on this show. Get us out of gambling show. Call a bank or a cablin. They do gambling show.
We have two open lines in date five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T line.
Here's a make believe check from the measly greed corporation written out to George Rodriguez for dollars signed by Greg greed.
I've been compiling a lot of good material about them for next week.
Really good. Rip him an ass with my enthusiastic permission and approval and encouragement.
Because the days and the weeks and the months just continue sliding by and they just continue well, you know, stonewalling.
They do well. I'm doing the best I can. Well, get a goddamn check over here for Christ's sake.
We're not just making this up. You're the man. The guy I'm certain amount of money paid a goddamn bill.
That's all do business like a real business person. I know that's revolutionary. This outfit.
And they just keep lying and lying. Oh, but you'll get it someday. Call up this last guy. Make a bet with him.
Set it. John. Have one. Okay. It's one 16 at five 60 WQM. Happy Thursday to you. Happy New Year.
We got brush your shoulder. Everybody's running around for the high holy days. They're eating their gulfed a fish and all that other.
What was that stuff in a Lorenzo spot? Seriously. I mean, I know that every now and any agency likes to put in a lot of stuff.
And they're usually Italian stuff that nobody in the world could pronounce it, especially me. But that was really spatial.
By the way, don't forget now what is a young Kipper a week from Monday? Week from Tuesday? Look on a it's on a calendar over there.
What's it with a beanie on my head just to show you how ridiculous it really all is? Oh, but you got to have two separate heads of dishes.
And you got a fast on your Kipper. Yeah, right. Whatever you say. Here's a mobile in Bokeh. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. My arm. You sounds like you. Holy Christ.
Holy Christ. I have two very interesting things. Really? Yes. I agree with you on this button thing and they have MSSBN. What is it? MSBNC? Yeah.
Post people. They are driving nuts. So I called NBC in New York. Number one, you get a busy signal. Major corporation. You get a busy signal. Yeah.
But then I found out how to get through. Uh huh. So now I get on. I said, I thought you said you had two interesting things. Well, I have two. Well, which is the first one coming out? Well, that was interesting. No. Okay.
I told you I told you had some interesting crap. You know, he said he had some interesting and that's what he said. We have an open line and day one and
Broward five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line. Here's Dania. Hello. Hey, are you doing? Okay, sir. Good. Good. That guy was pretty interesting. Wasn't he? Yeah, he was real interesting. Yeah.
What's about as interesting as that guy way in the back there that started talking about Clinton being kicked out, you know, he sound like he was going to go into a religious right thing there for a month.
Should have given the next or second. Oh, they're all coming out of the work today. They're all fun. And then the guy wants to embed me. You know, the guy from the 25 grand. The
guy just told him the mind their own business. That's what I said. You know, you should have just stood up and said, Hey, you know, I'm the president. Don't mess with me. If you think I did something wrong,
you shouldn't have said I'm the president. Don't mess with me. You should have said people have private lives, even elected officials and a quid stick. And you know, it's in my underpants. And let's go down with a good business. The government. And he should have taken a very firm stance like that. And
that's a manical stuff that he really was at a sexual relationship. Was it an intercourse? Who the hell gives a crap? What difference does it make? Doesn't matter. It doesn't matter. A lot of people that I know that I work with so that are further up north from here. And in the Caroline is there. They want to see the man fall. Yeah, you know, personal just the personal thing. Yeah. And they probably got their Jesse Helms blow up down there. Right now. You hit the state. But one good thing. I'm going to Italy in the beginning of October.
And I've never been there. Great friends. Florence and then over to the Adriatic area and then up into the whole country. And just to eat and drink and look at some nice artwork. Yeah, one or two days in Florence will be playing. Three days. Yeah, that's one day to be placed with the Indians. Yeah, right. Have you ever heard of a court of justice? No, it's a court of law. There's a big, big difference. Well, that's pretty sad. Yes, it is. And have a say how to OJ. Thank you. Okay. Give him my regards. Sorry, OJ. Geez.
We have an open line in date five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on the mobile one line. Hank Goldberg at two. And don't forget to Jimmy Johnson show Jimmy and your Johnson five today with Hank on a Hank Goldberg show.
And if we got another Marlon game, do we have a game tonight? Thursday again? No. You know, I'm going to set your blood. What does he do this? Why wouldn't it be possible for him to do like a bridge to tighten this thing up and put it all on one page?
What do we got? We got, oh, we got, look, we got it six o'clock. There's a Marlon game, but I. Man, it should be on tonight. Oh, I sure hope that nobody calls up about that Syracuse Michigan game. I hope that man would still get more than 400 calls on that.
Oh, Michigan, baby. How about those Spartans? There's the real school out there in Michigan. And we don't even give a crap about it. We kicked off the enemy here. Notre Dame beats Michigan. We come out last Saturday night and kicked a living snot out of the fighting Irish out of Notre Dame.
And put your hands on the ground. And put your hands on the ground. And put your hands on the ground. And put your hands on the ground. And put your hands on the ground. And put your hands on the ground. And put your hands on the ground. And put your hands on the ground. And put your hands on the ground. And put your hands on the ground. And put your hands on the ground. And put your hands on the ground. And put your hands on the ground. And put your hands on the ground. And put your hands on the ground. And put your hands on the ground. And put your hands on the ground. And put your hands on the ground. And put your hands on the ground. And put your hands on the ground. And put your hands on the ground. And put your hands on the ground. And put your hands on the ground. And put your hands on the ground. And put your hands on the ground. And put your hands on the ground. And put your hands on the ground. And put your hands on
KJ. KJ is the best. KJ is the best. I'm sorry Brian, Boca Brian's the best. I mean, Good term in. I also want to let you know that I prepare excellent meals without the bread. I.E. Steak onions, peppers, cheese, and many others. He said anytime you need something to eat, we'll be happy to deliver food you and George. Don't forget we're right down the street. Love bad for Tony's pizza. But it was good stuff that day, remember? Man, that was some of the, really. In fact, jeff kolm was getting real nervous that day. WoW! He was starting to do the green apple with the jack for the international economic war.
off because Tony's whatever that place is. So we'll take you up on it when I get back
from vacation when I'm down to 100 pounds. Here's Miami. Hello. Bill Quentin is
a bastard. Okay, thank you. Open line update 5 6 7 0 5 60, 0 5 5 60 on a mobile one line.
Thanks Ken. Was that Ken Starer Ken the guy with the eyes? Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
You know what's even more amazing is the fact that green like I said we have an open line
in Broward 5 6 7 0 5 60 in pound 5 60 on the mobile one line. We don't talk to
chronic son is show sorry and I love the way that they just start right out making a little
of my baby better but I'm like that without even saying hello. How are you up your ass?
Anything at all as if it's going to mean they're going to be on a lot longer which it
never works. We don't talk to chronic son is show. We also don't do gambling on. I don't
talk about how I bet the one horse and he's all parking the fifth race last night and
Brad Cramer went up in the year and he broke at the start about a bit. I don't go in that
because you want to know why because it's boring. That's why.
Terminally unbelievably boring. If you have a chronic gambling thing be my guest have a great time.
I just did not interest in hearing about it and I quite frankly don't think most other people are
either. Yeah I bet the three and the five over to two seven eight and the three went up
in the air and the five wide accident and over to great great exciting. We don't give a crap.
I lost $90. Oh my god. Oh my god. You know there's some nights you lose you know 50 bucks 100 bucks
and you feel like you had a pretty good night. Maybe we're down like a whole lot more early. Oh I'm
not. I just don't bet I don't gamble. I just did it around a little bit and then some nights you
win you lose 90 bucks and you feel like you lost 10,000 like last night. Everything we touch turned
there he goes he's talking about well that's so sure how boring it is. Here's Pompano hello.
Hi Neil. Yes sir. I mean I got a comment about the driving down here. Is it track?
No. No I have a Terry Kur is killing me. Yes. Now there's the driving the people the way people
drive. Yeah. I have to drive in a shower traffic every day and the worst is being on the highway
in the third lane and someone decided they need to get off and put it on the brakes and stopping in
the third lane and waiting for traffic so they can move over to get over to the exit. Right there
that's that's just because they're the only one on the road don't you understand this is the
mentality in this town these people have no interest in any of the rest of us they are the only ones
on the road. Or they come flying up the exit only lane and then I'm scooting back in the traffic
when they get to the exit. Uh-huh. And the whole highway just has to stop. It's ridiculous.
And then the red lights they need to put those cameras on the on the light. If they don't do something
I'm going to tell you they're going to be many of you listening to me right now that after another
few months there going to be some of you in a box because they're killing people. I was
going to have wrecked this morning some way I have to go through a flashing you know splashing red
on one side and yellow on the other right now is on the yellow side and a bus cuts me off and then
the guy behind the bus cuts me off and he just he looks at me like I'm doing something wrong
when I'm at the right. Oh yeah that's right every time they do some half-ass thing they look
they give you a dirty look they flip you off because they're right in the world is wrong don't
confuse them with your hands. And there was a cop behind and I don't know if the cop pulled them over or not
no chance. Probably not not in pompino anyway. Not the way the doughnuts sell. Okay I have a great
day sir good luck to you. All right buddy. Get a nicer get a tricycle that's what I'm going to do.
We have an open line in Broward 5 6 7 0 5 60 0 5 5 60 on the mobile one line. Where are we are the
red turn the left turn to what we call them the red light left turn police. The red light
while we heard of the road runner how about the red light runner let's get somebody out there with
a brain to put a stop to this. The light changes to red and they just continue pouring and pouring
around that corner like when is it stop already the second one and the third one and the fourth one
and the fifth one enough. Man by the way you know that one. It's very good but boy that is going
through me like an H-bomb. What do we got 23 minutes to kill here. Well it's going to be pretty
interesting. Like I said here's Miami hello. Oh Neil. Yes sir. Good afternoon. Thank you
for taking my call. Thank you for making your call. I agree with everything that's being said about
Bill Clinton and I think this is getting a little out of hand but I have a question maybe you can
clarify it to me. Yeah I thought the president had some kind of immunity from some of these cases
that go to court. I don't know how the court allowed and this is when we're talking about Paula Jones.
We got the Monica Lulinsky. How do we allow somebody back in 1994 who supposedly came
to sexual harassment 10 years later put it in court and now you know this thing is gotten
totally out of hand. How can we allow somebody 10 years later to put a case into court?
Because his lawyer is because Robert Bennett was an idiot and he's never let him test to find
the first place and we're talking to President of the United States. He's got more things to do
than deal with things that happen 10 years ago. And again keep in mind this wasn't a criminal case.
This was a civil case which you've all eventually got through on out of court. It's a civil case.
So I mean we got here by mistake but you know Bill Clinton he's got more important things to do.
Well and a sad part of it is with all the resources that he's got you're thinking come up with
better returning Robert Bennett and David Kendall. Agreed but yeah it goes back to the
concept is precedent that everybody's talking about if you know if somebody has hurt
