The science following.
What I call a dirty square dance.
Up with the pit go down with the fence, in with the pickery, everybody dance.
Girls win rags on up against the walls, guys with a heart on promenade dolls.
Girls grab your partners, permanently by the balls, drag them down the length of the halls.
All right.
Make up my hollars, make them shout, what you pretty has up against is now.
First lady goes, taking lady pass, third lady finger up the porch, guys I have.
Finger out, crawling into halls, now release the more guys balls.
Down with the petticoat, up with the fence, dancing to end of the dirty square dance.
Tosito are ricking, I'm tired now, I think I'm gonna go grab me some french fried potatoes.
I'm gonna go grab some french fries, I'm gonna go grab some french fries, I'm gonna go grab some french fries, I'm gonna go grab some french fries, I'm gonna go grab some french fries, I'm gonna go grab some french fries, I'm gonna go grab some french fries, I'm gonna go grab some french fries, I'm gonna go grab some french fries, I'm gonna go grab some french fries, I'm gonna go grab some french fries, I'm gonna go grab some french fries, I'm gonna go grab some french fries, I'm gonna go grab some french fries, I'm gonna go grab some french fries, I'm gonna go grab some french fries, I'm gonna go grab some french fries, I'm gonna go grab some french fries, I'm gonna go grab some french fries, I'm gonna go grab some french fries, I'm gonna go grab some french fries, I'm gonna go grab some french fries, I'm gonna go grab some french fries, I'm gonna go grab some french fries, I'm gonna go grab some french
french fries, I'm gonna go grab some french fries, I'm gonna go grab some french fries, I'm gonna go grab some french fries, I'm gonna go grab some french fries, I'm gonna go grab some french fries, I'm gonna go grab some french fries, I'm gonna go grab some french fries, I'm gonna go grab some french fries, I'm gonna go grab some french fries, I'm gonna go grab some french fries, I'm gonna go grab some french fries, I'm gonna go grab some french fries, I'm gonna go grab some french fries, I'm gonna go grab some french fries, I'm gonna go grab some french fries, I'm gonna go grab some french fries, I'm gonna go grab some french fries, I'm gonna go grab some french fries, I'm gonna go grab some french fries, I'm gonna go grab some french fries, I'm gonna go grab some french fries, I'm gonna go grab some french fries, I'm gonna go grab some french fries, I'm gonna go grab some french fries, I'm
gonna go grab some french fries, I'm gonna go grab some french fries, I'm gonna go grab some french fries, I'm gonna go grab some french fries, I'm gonna go grab some french fries, I'm gonna go grab some french fries, I'm gonna go grab some french fries, I'm gonna go grab some french fries, I'm gonna go grab some french fries, I'm gonna go grab some french fries, I'm gonna go grab some french fries, I'm gonna go grab some french fries, I'm gonna go grab some french fries, I'm gonna go grab some french fries, I'm gonna go grab some french fries, I'm gonna go grab some french fries, I'm gonna go grab some french fries, I'm gonna go grab some french fries, I'm gonna go grab some french fries, I'm gonna go grab some french fries, I'm gonna go grab some french fries, I'm gonna go grab some french fries, I'm gonna go grab some french fries, I'm gonna go grab some french fries, I'm gonna go grab some french
I'm gonna go grab some french fries, I'm gonna go grab some french fries, I'm gonna go grab some french fries, I'm gonna go grab some french fries, I'm gonna go grab some french fries, I'm gonna go grab some french fries, I'm gonna go grab some french fries, I'm gonna go grab some french fries, I'm gonna go grab some french fries, I'm gonna go grab some french fries, I'm gonna go grab some french fries, I'm gonna go grab some french fries, I'm gonna go grab some french fries, I'm gonna go grab some french fries, I'm gonna go grab some french fries, I'm gonna go grab some french fries, I'm gonna go grab some french fries, I'm gonna go grab some french fries, I'm gonna go grab some french fries, I'm gonna go grab some french fries, I'm gonna go grab some french fries, I'm gonna go grab some french fries, I'm gonna go grab some french fries, I'm gonna go grab some french fries, I'm gonna go grab
So we may have to actually come on here and start begging for cigars, begging for stogies and of course if we get some good ones we'll have to talk about them unfortunately. Hate to break the news to you. So anyway our center one thing officially kicks off this weekend and this I could do the rest of the show here today without even breaking for commercials about this. We'll be at the borders in Galar over by Galaria in for Lauderdale this Saturday October 3rd from noon to 2 and then I find out through the grapefine.
I find out through the grapefine that we're gonna be at pizza loft this next Tuesday night October 6th from 6 to 8 p.m. I had suggested to screw in when she came down here a couple of days ago. After she gave me this list of dates which I'm not gonna be here half of these dates and we had to try to get this straightened out. I had suggested since she had pizza lofts to get you for the day on my birthday when I'm not gonna be here. That maybe we could move that to Tuesday and let me know you know like revise the list and let me see what's really going on here.
Well come to find out that our exotic promotions guy over there Sam the sham who must have lots of naked pictures of lots of people in this company to keep that job.
Come to find out they put a press release out yesterday announcing that this coming Tuesday night October 6th will be at the pizza loft from 6 to 8 p.m. with our center one best and
real stuff. Did they send us a copy of the press release. Did anybody tell us about it. Did we discuss it and find with me. Are we gonna be there. Yeah, we'll be there. But would it be nice for us to know about these things. I know you're starting to get picky again. Your secondary. That's right. We're small potatoes because it's Sam and Luan. They're the ones that are in charge of this. They're the ones that are gonna make this thing fly. What tell do we know about raising money for charity anyway. And also that phone number for center one. That's what I'm gonna be doing. I'm gonna be doing this. I'm gonna be doing this. I'm gonna be doing this. I'm gonna be doing this. I'm gonna be doing this. I'm gonna be doing this. I'm gonna be doing this. I'm gonna be doing this. I'm gonna be doing this. I'm gonna be doing this. I'm gonna be doing this. I'm gonna be doing this
special phone line or to the best of me. Let me let me let me straight it out for you. There are two volumes this year. Volume one is great stuff. And volume two is like kind of like the old Neil unplugged stuff. That's like a little X rated with no bleeps in it or anything like that. With all the words that you want to hear. So there are two great volumes to make up for last year when we didn't have one. And that's center one number which will be working. Bell South assures us sometime today tomorrow. So she just called. Like I said, Bell South assures us the delay in getting the line
working is because of the hurricane. Everything is because of the hurricane. That's a good excuse for everybody that can't get the rack together. 954. 563. 3600. That's gonna be the number. It will be working tomorrow to order your best of Neil for 97 and 98. Volume is one and two cassettes. CDs. Whatever you like. 20 bucks a pop which all goes to center one. 954. 563. 3600. But at any rate, as far as this is center one promotion is concerned, it's interesting. And I've been telling you all along and very honestly, I have no reason to make this up.
That Sam, the sham and the nephew, the so called promotion department here, the incestuous relationship, the people that have the naked pictures of people that work here. And do absolutely nothing have been totally, absolutely 100% beyond the shadow of a doubt uninvolved in his promotion. Which is why we couldn't do it last year, even though I wasn't on the air here yet. Nonetheless, starting October one, I was on the payroll, right? Yeah, there you go. Nice job if you can get it. And we were hoping to do it last year to raise all that money for center one.
But Gregory didn't want to put up the front money. So I put it up this year made by $10,000 donation early just so we have the front money to print the CDs and cassettes because this is such a cheap ass outfit. And yet they want to, you know, they run in these promos on you're like somehow this is a Q and promotion. They want to take credit like, Oh, look what we're doing in our promotion department is really involved in this. Aren't they? No. It's embarrassing like everything else that goes on here. It's embarrassing. So I'm starting to make up a short list. Maybe you want to think about this today. Of people who are in the office, I'm going to be on the office. I'm going to be on the office. I'm going to be on the office. I'm going to be on the office. I'm going to be on the office. I'm going to be on the office. I'm going to be on the office. I'm going to be on the office
I'm going to be on the office. I'm going to be on the office.
Oh, we can't do remotes on this day and we can't do remotes on Sundays because we got
to often games as if he needs to be there.
As if somehow he's like irreplaceable and needs to be there for us to pull these things
off.
Was he there with any of our other appearances for a center one?
No.
For Camilo South.
No.
Ready the other money we ever raised in the past.
No.
Did we somehow get through and make it then raise a lot of money without Sam the sham?
The QA.
Okay.
1014 at 560 QM.
Now you tell me some asshole at the fan in Denver has called us and given you a bunch
of crap.
Yeah.
WQIM.
Too bad.
Maybe I'll call back.
Maybe.
Because Jim Leeland's having a press conference today and what time do we know what time
the press conference is?
Joe.
We already know that he's leaving and that he's going to go to a managed Colorado.
We already know that.
Anybody with a brain knows that.
What time is it?
1045.
1045 and we'll put it on for a few minutes.
Get the emis to real world there from Jim Leeland.
There's a good guy but not stupid enough to stick around here.
How come that guy didn't call back from the fan in Denver?
What was he giving you a bunch of crap about?
I don't understand.
What is there to bitch you out about?
Because we're not going to sit and have a long chat with him about it.
We're not doing a sports show here between 10 and 2.
Is that okay?
Is that all right?
Jesus Christ almighty.
He sports nerds who think that there's nothing else going on in the world besides
somebody running around with a jock strap on.
We're in a middle of a worldwide depression baby.
Not just recession one, the verge of a worldwide depression and people are worried about his
Jim Leeland going to be managing the marlins again next year.
No way Jose.
We can't even get a straight answer.
Is John Henry really by the team?
Are we ever going to get an answer on this?
Is there going to build them in a arena, a stadium of this?
Are they going to build them a pup tent?
Where's the money going to come from?
Fred Graham by the way, good article in the paper today baby.
Nice going.
Right on target.
As we continue searching for more money to build stadiums and arenas for millionaires
and billionaires.
Nice going.
But some jackass over there in Denver is very upset over the fact that we're not all
worked up into a friends here because Jim Leeland is making an announcement today.
Here's a call from Houston.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes sir.
Hey, I just want to tell you that the internet saved my life because I moved to Atlanta
about a year ago and I still managed to listen to you at least once a week or so.
Right.
And I'm in Houston.
Would you move there?
No, I'm just working here and I got in the hotel I'm flipping around for the ballgame
and I passed Larry King Live with Rob's Piro.
Oh, is that incredible or what?
I was laughing my ass off.
And here's what he had to say.
I saw a clip on the news this morning where he's talking about Clinton ought to resign
and they ought to take up a petition drive to force him to quit.
They have a candlelight vigil and caravans of trucks carrying these petitions from all
corners of the universe.
Oh my god.
Larry with that little sanctimonious rolling up his sleeve dude do all over the place.
I know how to do a torture.
Yeah, right.
Unbelievable.
It was funny.
And you know something.
And the interesting part of it is and I'm sure Larry didn't mention the fact that all
a Ross Piro supporters have abandoned him and discussed when they found out what a pony
he was and a total BS artist.
And half the fault calls he were taken were set up calls like, Rob, you're great.
We're going to run for president.
Right.
Right.
Right.
Leave it to Larry, baby.
He knows how to suck like nobody even Monica could take lessons.
I've been doing this along.
Yeah, we know Larry.
It was great.
Okay, have a great day, pal.
Thanks, Neil.
And a great life.
Hey, Larry King pumping up a little Ross Piro again.
Gotta roll up your sleeves and do do do.
Biggest bullcrap artist that ever came down to play snake royal salesman.
Little bigoted means spirit and nasty prick.
Fony baloney.
Oh, yeah, they're going to they're going to set up a hoodie or mess up my daughter's wedding
because they're trying to make us look bad.
Oh, yeah, they're sabotaging his daughter's wedding.
Paranoids, I got a clinic, egotistical prick.
And people went out and voted for him for president.
How do you like that?
Of course, he had screwed around because it would touch him.
Speaking of people touching each other, somebody finally said this to me, this cliping from
I guess I was on vacation when this came into paper.
Bishop of state battle heats up is what it says.
We're talking about the late and bishop.
Anybody remember the late and bishop?
No.
Of course you do.
How's Andrew?
Have a nice day.
Right.
The fight over the estate of Channel 10 anchor and bishop is getting down right ugly it says.
Helen Buckner, longtime companion of the famously dignified bishop, is being sued for a million
dollars in damages by radio personality Sandy Payton, who ironically received the bulk
of bishop's estate.
How do you like that?
I would love to keep you all to myself.
That must be what she told her just before she croak.
The waxy talk, myster was posed with bishop, especially toward the end.
It doesn't say which end.
When she helped care for bishop who was battling cancer, bishop charged, uh, changed her.
Let me say it again.
Bishop changed her will seven months before she died, giving Payton 75% of her 1.1 million
dollar IRA.
Oy!
Buckner, who originally was supposed to get the largest piece of the pie, but broke up
with bishop in 1991, was given bishop's candle home and the rest of the IRA.
Last month, Buckner filed a court notice implying manipulation of the will.
I've been slandered and defamed Payton told insider it's got to stop.
In a July letter to Payton, Buckner unsuccessfully offered a settle the dispute of Payton Pater,
another 142,000 from the IRA.
The incentive for Payton to settle changed the will because of a lesbian relationship with
the divorced Payton.
How do you like that?
It's not because you're associated with a gay person that your gay weener said,
Sandy has an impeccable reputation and it's been trampled.
Said Buckner, lawyer Lee Schollinger, I'm surprised they want to air this out.
When it got there and it out.
I would love to keep you all to myself.
Nice going, Sandy.
And it's really interesting that now that she's dead, only after you're dead are you supposed
to say this.
Now they're saying that where's that term again?
Not because you're associated with a gay person that your gay.
So they're actually coming out now and saying that Anne Bishop was a guy.
Not that we didn't know that.
Not that it's a great revelation.
But now that she's dead, it's okay to say it.
Is it okay?
Okay.
There you go.
Yeah.
You better tell Rob Kaplan that okay.
It's not because you're associated with a gay person that it necessarily makes you gay.
Necessarily, all he's worried about.
Better to draw him a diagram.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
What's going on?
Not much.
That guy kind of stole my thunder about Rob Ferrell.
I'm switched around and I'm watching a little soccer, I'm watching a little baseball.
That's a mad.
And then I see Rob's on there.
And I couldn't help but get past that he kept calling her a vulnerable young woman.
Oh, yeah.
Votable.
I mean, with her other knee pads, presidential knee pads.
Actually, you're very good at getting a little bit of a ball.
A little bit of ball there.
And today, you know, it could be that she was actually the one that instigated this.
Yeah, wow.
She already says that it's not just in the star magazine.
It's in the, uh, Kenneth star report.
It's in there.
She admits she, she brags over the fact that she went there and instigated and floated
with him and to show him her ass and yada yada and all the other stuff.
She admits that proudly.
Well, he's got to have some kind of morality.
He's saying in this and that and that.
I think Larry made some kind of association with it.
If you were the, if you hit, you're, uh, you had a, your CEO, follow about us and that
and got busted.
Well, if he was doing lanterns, he'd be out of the right away, even though Larry said,
what if he tripled profits and everything's running great?
And they're going to, oh, I fired him.
No doubt.
No question right away.
Yeah.
And Larry's asking him, what's you?
What if you were the CEO?
Oh, Larry, how could you ask me something like that?
He's crazy.
He is crazy.
He's crazy.
Well, however, uh, crazy like a fox, but Larry keeps putting him on her again.
I mean, who in America?
Who in the right mind wants to hear that little puddle whack or anymore?
Not I, sir.
In addition to which I wouldn't be surprised if he takes it up the leggoes, what I heard.
All right, Dale.
Have a great day.
Thank you, D.
OK, 5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the 18 T wireless.
I'm going to get any response here today.
No.
I'm going to wake up the natives today.
No.
Got the big hockey game tonight at the new Macarena.
That'll be my first event.
I've been in there three times, but this will be my first time actually seeing a game.
And the thing that really distresses me, my luck, my luck.
I'm reading about the game tonight.
And it says the rank at National Car rental center will become a virtual test tube when
the panthers play the Carolina Huracun's tonight.
In what is an NHL experiment that few members of the league seem to care for, the center
red line won't be in use.
I'll call a chalky.
I mean, give me a break.
The one game experiment will be examined to determine if it leads to greater scoring.
Panther coach Terry Murray hates the idea.
And I's gone, Terry.
I went on target, sweetheart.
I don't agree with it.
But Murray said there are too many bad habits taking out the red line as stupid trial.
It will change evaluations on our defenseman.
You couldn't fall to play if he gets caught on a breakaway tonight.
Absolutely correct, sir.
Who now wants to go to a hockey game where they got no center red line and where they
like changing the rules and making it up as they go along?
Well, it's only a nice evasion game.
What they're bad enough to begin with.
So I think like maybe one period tonight and checking out the entire arena and the food
stands and stuff like that, that'll be good enough for us.
5'6'7", 05'60", 05'60", on the 18t wireless line.
Let's go to...
Even a guy from the fan in Denver didn't call back.
So let's see.
Between Allen and when we get the...
They got nothing these people.
We got a new CD from Tracy Nealy.
We got what?
A new CD from Tracy Nealy.
What do you mean?
A new CD.
Being one.
What is it?
Pure disc or three?
Yeah.
Meaning what?
Just one of them?
Yeah, just one.
And I got more coming.
And then as after that wasn't bad enough and we opened up the paper this morning on the
front page, which was it?
They're here, I guess.
Now, their turncoat, Willie Logan, sparts for Jeb Bush.
There you go.
He's all bent out of shape because he was too liberal for the Democrats up in Tallahassee
and so they pushed him up.
You know, too liberal.
So he's going to endorse Jeb Bush.
That makes a lot of sense.
Willie Logan, baby, he's the highest profile black Democrat to endorse Jeb Bush.
We got Jews for Bush.
Schwarz is for Bush.
And he, you know, they might as well call off the election because that Bubba there,
Buddy McKay, got two chances none and much, much less than none.
See, we don't have people anymore that stand on any kind of principle that stand for
anything.
It's all strictly a personal thing.
You know, you pith me off.
So therefore, I'm going to be a turncoat now.
I'm going to, you know, even though it's totally flies in the face of everything that
makes any sense for me, I'm going to support a right wing lunatic called Jeb Bush.
Nice going there, Willie.
You jackass.
Now, what are these?
What is this?
What are we doing?
Are we doing something new and different here today?
Are we doing what?
Something new and different that they all say anonymous.
Is that what that is all about?
Here's anonymous on five.
Hello.
Hello.
What are we doing with these people?
What are you doing in there?
I just put them on hold.
Yeah.
And here's Tallahassee.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir?
I listened to only one of Georgia's shows all the way through the religion show.
Yeah.
And despite the fact that I actually went to synagogue yesterday, I liked the great deal.
Yeah.
I'm glad you're back, though.
Please, no more Michael Jackson.
You can only take so much of that.
Yeah.
So actually, not Michael Jackson, but the Jackson Five.
I agree with you about politics in Florida.
I didn't tell Hathy or living in Tallahassee right now visiting down south.
And as soon as you get pushed, get elected, I want to get the hell out of that town before
turns into, you know, before they start putting up the camp.
OK.
Have a great day, pal.
OK, five, six, seven, oh five, 60, pound five, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
As the Neil Rogers show comes to a brutal screeching halt.
This is the end this week, by the way.
It's very fitting that yesterday was young Kipper.
Young Kipper is over by the way.
Now the coast is clear.
Oh, too late.
Don't make any difference.
Does anybody care?
No.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60, pound five, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
While the other Toyota dealers advertised the QA.
The work you're creating over here in my life is the reality.
Down, down, down, down, down.
Mark is going down, down, down, down, down.
Mark is going down, down, down, down, down.
Dark market is down.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Well, my brookers calling.
And he's telling me the market's fallen.
Now he's standing by his window.
Falling.
Coming, jump with me.
My socks, socks, socks, are fading.
They even know, even know I'm just a heavy trading.
To hit the pavement, I'm in the sub-hating.
Coming, jump with me.
Mark is precious.
Our life is precious before my very eyes.
Stocks on jumping, then on jumping.
Oh, bear the coffin, just outside.
Now I'm standing, 50 floors above where I'll be landed.
Oh, why family, I will be stranded.
Coming, jump with me.
Oh, oh, oh, the economy.
Oh, my God, this is killin' me.
I've got about 70 down points already.
And probably going to go for another 2,300 today
before the day is out.
Japan's going to be open-night in Europe.
I mean, Europe is really big time today.
All over Europe, Germany, London, Paris, Zurich.
And a couple of months ago they were all telling us,
oh, baby, don't worry, we've already
factored in the age of factor and the Russian factor and don't worry about that
in ebby joseph koana kareem Abdul Schwartz was telling us hey don't worry about it
we're gonna doubt ten thousand by the end of this year we're like on a verge of a
worldwide depression and nobody wants to talk about it and we're worried about
the president's penis and we got some jackasses out there in Denver getting
all been out of shape because they know they're getting jimli lindon and uh...
you know we're not doing a sport show here between ten and two and so
George is gonna sit there and have an entertain them with amusement and
amazement for fifteen or twenty minutes because they want to whatever they want
in addition to which we find out that the jimli lindon press conference coming
up at ten forty five is like what did you call it a teller teleconference
teleconference which i don't understand what that is but we're not going to get
involved in that so fact josh freedman the formerly much better josh
freedman is going to be a calling us on a bad line to give us an instant
the instead of going on with that boring on and on and on you know everybody
in their brother holds a press conference hey jam it's been ice haven't here
did a great job last year to but a stuck in the back and good luck in the
Denver and that's it that's all it needs to be said
there's a uh... mobile in corals pranks hello
mail yes sir
all you today healthy new year to you uh...
real quick they went to uh... yes sir services yesterday and i walk in a
little bit late in the rabbi is reading names
and he starts off with sherry louis which i figure okay fine
in the next comes to rory rogers buffalo bob smith and frank's and not
who are all Jewish of course of course i'm surprised it in mention of you
that punch not yours uh... teeth out in the sand so tell him to fix the yeah
but what are they are not understand what what are they having a yiscus
services for go and services for go and
uh... obviously their uh... closet
who's
okay thanks for the good work okay
okay we have an open line and brought to a date i've got news for him and
this time is dried up like a gigantic prune i'm listening to mandage you
know how much i love mandage on here
yesterday going home and then going to the track and he was still doing the
same topic four hours yesterday four hours that were talking about how
come people are watching monday that football like the used to
four hours of that
i could answer the question in fifteen seconds because the game suck that's why
i don't care how much hype and how much i could use the key play in how much
song and it's how you package it but what's the game gets on air and forget
about the pregame show which is boring the fact is that the quality of the NFL
is garbage this year
it's getting worse and worse and worse you can only have so many hundred
teams until it gets to be crap
and when you've got the scheduling thing that they got where they have to
schedule them uh... like a year in advance and they want to put in these
horrendous contest on their almost every week guess what most people they
watch it anymore
not really all that complicated
here's a mobile pick report in tamarack hello hello i think it's actually
coral springs
uh... important
uh... either the coral springs police for the state highway patrol has a
stakeout
at the change booth off the saw graph that land full of art
yeah
he's hiding behind the thinking out what they're taken out the change
one cop is hiding behind the building yeah as you throw the change in
he's got a walkie talkie and he's writing radio in the head the cop that's
on our yard the way
i got news for the way this market is going to find a loose change that misses
the uh... those boots uh... the box you grab it
it's unbelievable hiding
to pick down the envelope building
yeah he's too popular to know
that everyone know out there thank you so much sir bye bye god bless you
there you go govern yourselves accordingly okay
the police are out there watching your uh... toll booth
we have an open-line and broward to and aid five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty
on the uh... eighteen t-warlas line
is a mobile in four-letter hello
hello niel yes sir
i haven't been here that long and i wanted to ask you a couple of questions
the first one is
uh... have you ever noticed that the tone is a grotto
looks like a mouse or a rat
what's a nice question sir
uh... the next question is uh... what's the deal with uh...
white loader deal
okay we have a open line and uh... brown all day five six seven oh five
sixty and five five sixty on the eighteen t-warlas line
i'm telling you man this time i'm gonna tell you what let's have George do
the show today and tomorrow
i'll go in there i mean i'm not swapping paychecks
i'll go in there and i'll answer the phones if any of them ring
no they'll talk to you they just don't want to talk to me anymore it's very simple
came back on monday all were so glad you back to your pretty good job but
i mean but we actually had a show here on monday but that was the end of that
and now they have got nothing to say about anything they will not speak to
this old fact for lover for money if we had stuff to give away here today which
we damn sure are not going to do they still wouldn't be calling
because the get the the gig and the gig is up it's all over with baby
so uh... let's find out you want to talk to George maybe George will talk to
you they talk to him in there
they don't want to talk to me you talk to him
five six seven welcome to the George Rodriguez show on the board up
oh and by the way
if any of these sports bags keep calling up think that i'm going to take an
out to their crap off the air because we're not going to carry the uh... teleconference
blow it out your ass okay exactly blow it out your ass will give you the instant
replay will give you the highlights will give you a thumbnail summary
this is the god damn sports show the worst mistake i ever made my life was
coming to work on a god damn sports station with these sports nerds that
dominate this place twenty four hours a day which that's all that they know about
life and if there's anything else you might want to and if you did want to talk
about sports they don't know what they're talking about anyway
that's the amusing thing we got the baseball playoffs going on here
i guarantee even as much as uh... discusses i've had with baseball since the strike
four years ago
i guarantee i follow more of it no more about it than ninety nine percent of you
assholes out there who consider yourselves sports fans
just a bunch of overgrown kids all my teams better than yours is an a jet
suck in the dolphin suck in a heat sucks in the uh... next suck everybody sucks
open line in the brown or all three and they five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty on the eighty and two wireless line is i celebrate my own
young kipper baby and it's a whole week of it
you talk about getting punished by this is a fate worse than god damn death
here this week
makes me to ecstatic that i came back from vacation
here's a mobile in west palm hello
hey no yes sir
uh... this is old day man i'm in a back to i got okay great
open lines in brown or two and eight five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty on the eighteen t wireless line
corral gables hello
corral gables
okay moving right along mobile in west palm beach hello
yes sir
any how you don't think
what can we do for you sir
uh... just want to come about uh... the way George was doing the show the
other day
uh... he sounds like a fact that what's going on with that
open line and day one and brow at five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty on the eighteen t wireless line
west palm beach hello
nil yes sir
it's also a great job though that a great job that it's a week when he's in
there
it's a lot more often when you're gone
and i think i'm going to have a more i'm like i said i'm going to go in
your depth of the commercial break i'm going to run to born let him do the
god damn show this audience does not want to speak to me anymore i can i can
take a hint
doesn't bother me i'll take the paycheck i'll show up every day
he's better than ninety nine percent of the talks of host and count right
and
you can have a good one to do the show today you want him to show today
uh... no no
i'll see the game that marie struck a god
yeah marie had nice game last night for the penguin they're gonna they're
gonna be really bad this year by the way the penguin
uh... maria
about those maple leaf sundafeated baby
i've all had one a beat my three-all four three and over time last night without
mad sundaena was in sweden for his grandpa's funeral
how do you like that
i like it means nothing
have a great time i'll see you there tonight
yeah with no red line and center i see i'm gonna have George do the show
we're gonna have a little revert rule reversal here on this time i'm not
choking at all i'm not gonna sit here and do this every day they don't want to
speak to me that's fine
no problem
i'll show up every day prepared to do a show if they don't want to speak to me
they'll talk to george and talk to rob capitol talk to rob he'll all come out
of the closet on here
tell you some stories
i mean these people just that this town is amazing to me and instead what we're
getting is a lot of abuse for mass holes are all been out of shape because we're
not carrying jimley lens dupet press conference at ten forty five we already know
jimley lens leave and don't wait for what's the big deal with that
does anybody care about the marlins anyway
this is the interesting part of the whole deal
here is a guy here's an owner
that took a world championship team
stabbed the fans in the back screwed everybody dismantled it had a record of fifty
four wins and a hundred and eight defeats a disgrace
nobody cared i talked about in the beginning of the summer beginning of
baseball season back in April nobody cared you listen to this station twenty four
hours a day you couldn't find ten people i really had any it couldn't give a
crap less about the marlins or what weinheisenga did to them
and i because we're not gonna start interrupt this guy damn high price show here
and stick a guy damn stupid teleconference on it with jimley lens all of a
son of a bad guy well blow it out your ass okay okay okay there you go thank
you
the press conference are we gonna carry it no all right let's hear it let's
the heritforneal have it a boss to say no to that crap okay we were originally
going to carry it so we found out what it was a teleconference when people are
like it like an interactive thing that's gonna drone on and be uh-huh and we'd
have to drop the lay it everything right and man it had to be a whole big
solid dance why should we do that when Josh Friedman can call in fatso when
actually i do something constructive and give us like a thumbnail we all know
he's going to color right we leave in the marlin he's going to the uh-rock he's
and that's it and let me say it for the five hundredth time did anybody ever
call us anything to do with the marlins no is anybody who listen to the show
care about the marlins no what's the big problem it'll get very jackass
something to write about in the herald tomorrow all what it is grace the
sports station didn't carry jimley lens press conference because that fat
bag is on the middle day well let me tell you something from one fat bag to
another berry too bad here's my me beach with seven question mark hello
my me beach hello yes sir yeah how you doing okay i got two sad
predictions to make yeah sorry you'll be off the air by new year's eve
yeah your friend Clinton will be shipped back to order i guess what you'll be
they've had over the one of us yeah you'll be you'll be dead by the uh-before
new year and you know what we'll have a party oh boba and i are both coming
dance on your grave okay you old part five thousand dollar bet five thousand
dollar for the like i don't remember the like i don't remember the voices like
i voices like i don't know who this is this loser who claims he goes to the
track they wouldn't even let you win the pump at a park sir we were desperate for
people then when we wouldn't let you win open line and broward all a day five
that's what we got we got the dregs you know something i'm not gonna waste
so i'm playing music
that's the best we got here on this radio station this audience
we got Vincent yesterday we got this guy we got Andy from Hollywood with another
fact we got 50 cranks out there 50 chronics and that's all we got in this
radio station i can be a think what do you think they're not watching
Monday night football you think it's that free game show
i think Frank Gifford's getting old
think he's getting any four hours of that yesterday i mean man that's
i love you but four hours how come you're not watching that crash
they're enjoying it aren't they
corral gables hello yeah Neil yes sir it's good it's what you have corral gables but how you put
okay
uh Neil
i'm glad to have you back for your vacation yeah it's obvious the odd the town is just
forming at the mouth that i'm back and i never had such a welcoming response in my life
in 50 years of being on a year here and uh listen uh it is i hear that you might start
at decent events or a thousand uh on Sunday yeah i'm gonna be i'm gonna be the uh tight end yeah
uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh
it'll be done evil with the update
what happened to fan john shaweeze busy you died
we have an open line and broward to invade 567-0560 pound 560 on the 18t wireless line
here's a mobile in Cooper city hello
Yeah, I watched it was a good show. I don't know. See last night. I forgot to tape because I was at the track losing 57 bucks
I was pretty good to had Jeremy Rohn. I don't know who he was gonna fight with but it was the guy with a math
And they were saying chicken ass chicken ass chicken ass. I didn't think he could put that on the TV
Oh the CBC they were saying S8's the night before they go. They even got the eye. Oh, yeah, they don't monkey around
Not some kind of a pansy network
I thought it was only Mac. I didn't know they could see that TV can you can you say it on the radio?
Right, well they can't up there on the CBC man. Hey Neil, did you ever get the CBC air can at the center when you're up there?
Well, what do you mean that I see that's right on the outside? Huh?
When you're up in Toronto, did you check that out? Well, I've seen it from the outside. It's coming along good
But it's still got a long ways to go. It's not gonna be very little in the middle of February
Yeah, I'm going up there a month. I was just gonna check it myself. You know, we're can what's the number for your CD?
You want to get them?
The number is the brown number five six three
3600 that number be working starting tomorrow. Thank you very much
You're absolutely right back to you. See you around a
Open on a date open on a brown or five six seven oh five sixty correct that music
Yeah
We're kicking some serious ass baby new format on issue. We're kicking these TV people out. They don't know it yet
Kickin' their ass out to whatever happened with big shots big meeting the other day that we never heard any report on. What was that all about?
They sitting in their real tight lift
No, seriously. I mean you walk on here every all these other people
These underlings that had to work on the young kipper. They're peeing in their pants
They're having a nervous breakdown poor David is so paranoid near you look at him cross. Oh, what did I do? What are we all getting fired?
They're all so scared they're on goddamn shadow. What's the story? What's the deal now?
Huh?
Yes right now not a week from circus right now we want to know
Come on Kaplan you Jew bet
I guess the I guess to go on the guest mic. Yeah, they're going to get what you see of guest Mike
This is a radio station. This is a guy named Salami factory here
Starting Monday only on a 1030 what are they going to put on mash again at 930?
Checkerboard thing what what does that mean?
Starting Monday. He only starting Monday
Okay great. Okay great. Okay great. Okay. There you go. There's Rod for us didn't he didn't go in there and say oh no
That's not acceptable. No, he didn't
Like I like I like I told you I think uh told you I think uh let's see October 25th
That sounds more realistic and then David says to me today. Oh the rumor is that you want to get it off you want to
Where where the hell did that come from? Who said that I want to get rid of the TV show
It's free publicity. Is it helping us? No, of course now we can't buy a call on the show the uh
The numbers look pretty good there
But you know something the cum went down if the TV show were helping us and finding his new audience the
Cume would have to be going up we'd have to be reaching a lot of new people
But the Cume is going down we got that old chronic that wants to bet me $50 million about the
Clinton being out of office and then I'm going to croak by New Year's
What have got Vincent and we got Andy and Hollywood and Mitch the misfit and what else we got in that little
Bunch of Cubans your friends Euras to your friends Euras and then we got Ron with his pro-zac and that's it. That's all we got left
Because we're on a goddamn sports station. That's the reason
I'm sitting here doing a goddamn show every day. I'm doing my thing
But why not f in sports station is what we're on we got assholes from the fan in Denver calm getting bent out of shape and bitch in Georgia
Because we don't want to sit in finger fork with them on the phone. We don't want to finger fork on a phone
Bunch of assholes over there in hope Jim Leland comes out there in the Rockies will be every goddamn game. That's what I hope
Here's a mobile here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello
Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I have a show idea for make your young skipper
You have what a show idea
You're you're gonna take a rubber chicken
From dot paper. Uh-huh. Okay. We have an open line in Broward five six seven oh five sixty
Five sixty on the AT&T line rubber chicken on it. That would be good. Huh
What is it? We have Donnie B with the re-ud with the poop. Okay. Here's Donnie B with the inside poop. How are you?
Oh gosh come on Donnie Jim Leland will not be returning the Florida Marlins
Tell you
Yeah, I was shocked. I thought he'd be coming back. Yeah, sure he did. I thought on the outside chance to get a little slow. Yeah
He's coming back in a black body condom looking like Dan Radler in the storm. Go ahead Donnie
Wishful thinking but he's grateful to the organization and the fans. He said they go to Colorado
No, no, he said he hasn't talked to anybody. He will not talk to you. That's a lie. No, he says he hasn't talked to anybody
He's gonna take his time. No Jim Leland hasn't talked to anybody
He is a man of his word if nothing else now. I'm pretty good. Oh you are such a suck. Oh no, he really is
What are you auditioning to replace Guilty now? Is that it? Oh come on
Come on nail go ahead Donnie. He's appreciates everything that that Wayne and Don smiley did for me
He was very impressed with John Henry and with John Henry and wishes everybody the best but at this point
He's gonna just he said it was a major decision for him to him
This was shocking the world that he wasn't come back because to him you know to him
It's a shock that he's not coming back. I mean he he feels it made here comes as a great shock to me
Made a song. Yeah, but he has no plans at this time. He said he hasn't talked to anybody
But he will he will talk to people and see what happens
Yeah, but at this point, you know, he's gonna sit by the phone. He doesn't have to manage this year
But he will it will it for the right situation like Neil Rogers is gonna sit by the phone weight for the phone to ring
Exactly, right, you know you got all the point in over the phone like Glenn Campbell right right and
You know, he's a rhinestone cowboys gonna sit there and wait for the offers to pour in doesn't matter if it's a L or N
Cosure cowboys
So basically that's it the biggest decision to Marlon history right now Jim Leeland leaving the organization. Oh
God, all by the way you put that is so dramatic. I'm just almost spent at this point
You know the the most momentous okay
I thought that maybe like the sailor the team would be a little more momentous. Wouldn't you think so?
Well, the sailor the team without Jim Leeland
I think this is bigger Jim Leeland
Because he's not gonna be here. He's in other words
If John Henry comes along and we build a new stadium and they actually spend some money and get a couple of pictures on there
That that's not more important than having Jim Leeland is that what you're saying? I don't want to argue with you
Don't know I just want to make you understand what you're saying, but that's the expert you're the bad hasn't happened
You demand that hasn't happened yet. Yeah, right? I mean, so that this point is the biggest decision
That's that's right up to this moment. This is the most
You know, would you say this is more important than them winning the world series
This is the biggest decision. That's not a decision. That's an actual occurrence. Okay, the biggest decision
Yes, yeah, and the biggest announcement we didn't have to announce that they were winning the world
Now is that I think the world and then Greg Reed not pushing in the five or fifteen million dollars to help by the team
Is it a bigger decision than that? Well, that was yeah, that was a momentous occasion. Yeah, that was true. That was pretty shocking to all of us
The fact that Greg didn't write his own personal check this matter fact. I think we work here. I'm pretty shocked by that
Well, because he is pretty giving isn't he was he's pretty free with the money
That's it. He says doesn't matter
Really national league or American league for all those who say he doesn't want to manage in the American league
It just really depends on the job and if the right one comes along
They'll take it if not he'll wait you know a couple years or next year until
And he's out and he's out he doesn't
He really impressed with John Henry
But he didn't really want to wait for the time to want to wait for the time table to rebuild again. Right
Okay, thanks Donnie. No problem. Great job. Hey, thank you now
Okay, 1057 at 560 W Kismence the reaction and Jim Lee Lens leaving are you shocked? Oh, yeah, are you is this momentous? Uh-huh
Woo. I don't know if I'm going to be able to continue throughout the day. We're just starting to build just a little tiny bit of momentum there
Poio trap accounts got a lot of money. So you can take the state concealed weapon permit course for only $30 on
Come to the Miami Dungeon this weekend before the new gun laws going to effect the Miami Dungeon
Open all day Saturday and Sunday this weekend at the coconut Grove Convention Center
Holy Q a.m.
The Neil Roger shut Lauderdale. I would shine. I really get my panties and a wife
If you're a young beautiful girl who's at least an eight out of ten and has about the same score for IQ
Bill Clinton has a place for you. It's the school for underprivileged kids building immediate learning
Suck bill for short at suck bill your little girls will be educated in all the fine arts
They will make them a success in today's Clinton world
They'll enjoy such guest teachers as Ted Kennedy this semester will be broken up into what did two parts
We will be doing gigling and jiggling at which one do you girls have but want to start with
Do you look that looks like we'll be doing jiggling so if you're a little cutie but are a little short on brains
Suck bill will give you all the skills you need to go down all the way to the top
I'm sorry little girl. What did you say?
I said how am I doing mr. Kennedy? I yep, I think you're getting the point to quite well
Suck bill or someone else will call today
1103 at 560 wqm. We got Hank Goldberg at your list. Take two or two o'clock
We got my schedule says both campers. They were saying many on it morning show. They got an morning show
They got an old schedule, right? A Kimbo or a man did somebody get six o'clock and then a panthers and a hercones
Pocky 715 tonight
With Randy molar and old what's his name more on we old him. Well, that's right. He's back now that
Has an omen for good things. We have an open line of Dave. What in Broward five city
Palm five sixty on the mobile one line. That was down one fifty. That was the European market stuck a huge market stuck a huge dump today
One of urge of a worldwide recession or depression or worse. I don't know what's worse, but we'll figure it out
And we're worried about his Jim Leland. That was emotional at Donnie v performance man that day
I said we get him an Oscar something for that. That was very emotional. Nice going Donnie
Here's homestead. Hello
Neil God. Yes, sir. Uh, I got something of serious
Consequences to all of South Florida. Yes, I'm pretty sure you are
Is Jim Leland announcing he's not coming back to the Marlin? Oh, they don't give a crap about their fans
They're like big government as long as they keep paying the money. They don't really
Care what the fans they don't give a flying crap is that what you're saying sir?
Money and that's out why we're all on a recession right now because the big business is just taking too much of cram in their pocket
But what I got to tell you is about the nuclear reactor and tubers are building
No killer nuclear nuclear. Yeah, excuse me sir
We should be doing all we can to make that
The actor run is clean and as efficient as possible instead of
I don't want to say lift embargo or anything but at least help them and do some research or do some testing on this reactor
Trader operators make this thing so it don't blow up in just like we ought to probably have like a seminar
We ought to get the Sodom Hussein and Fidel together and kind of like you know
Make sure they got all the good stuff. I'm done on the oil. I'm talking to them all together
Okay, where they
Thanks for the brain surgery sir. We have two surgery sir. We have two open lines in date five six seven oh five sixty and
five sixty and pound five sixty on the mobile one line. Here's a mobile in West Palm Beach hello
Meal. Yes, sir. Hey, this is OJ. I'm out here now. Yeah, okay nice drive pal second one of the day
Load out your ass OJ. Hey, here's one for you
Open line and Broward one and two and a five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line
West Miami. Hello
West Miami
Going once
Going twice thirteen minutes and forty four seconds and long gone
Oh, Andy and Hollywood just in time to say hey Neil. How good. Bye
Here's Miami. Hello, Neil. How are you doing? Okay, sir
Listen, I usually agree with you, but I disagree with uh
Effect you putting down Ross for oh
He's the only one who uh, he's full of crap. He's a little torp who has nothing to say about anything. He's an idiot
What do you know? And all those people who supported him and worked for him found out what a phony he was
And that's why all his organization
Disbanded and they all left and walked away and discussed when they found out what a little egotistical phony twerp
He was I worked for him. Yeah, and I'm feeling the reform party. Well, you must be the one left. You must be the reform party
At least he gave us a party to be able to
He didn't give you crap. Okay. All he did was give you his ego and sit there and pontificate and talk about your glittering
Generality about ruling up your sleeves and dusting off the old studies. He didn't know his ass from your elbow
Okay, he's the only one who would give us true numbers. He would see the only one who wouldn't who when numbers about what
About the deficit we thought what deficit who we still have a four point two three billion dollar
Yeah, I mean trillion dollar. Yeah, and where did that come from? Where did that come from? Yeah from the Democrats and their Republicans for 30 40 years
And that's how we want Ross pereau well, let me say again to you sir
You're the only one left in the campaign. So I have a great time you and Ross and Larry King have a great life together
Open line and Broward to and date five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile mobile in west Palm Beach hello
Mobile in west west Palm Beach hello, okay
Here's a mobile in four Myers hello. Deal. How you doing? Okay. I miss you
I wanted to tell you there was a a Jew down in four Myers. It wasn't a Jewel and just a day off great nice going
That's me all right beautiful
It's good enough for Hank to go to the track yesterday taking the day off. It's good enough for you and four Myers
The fat pig all he did was fat
Eddie sample you know he ate yeah, you uh fast did I fast? Yeah. Oh, yeah, sure. You believe that? Yeah, right
Who was that last guy on the call if you can't say death to the correctly?
Shouldn't be calling it talking about power to who who
We have an open line and date one in Broward five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line
Oh, these these these are just like yesterday all over again like wait
I thought that raw young kipper at something to do with it that had nothing to do with it
This is just our new deal now
We just talked to bozos for four hours every day as opposed to the great intellectuals
I used to talk but then I used to talk to great intellectuals no come on. Oh sure. I did
back in those days when I used to talk to the old people those were the great to hell on
Neil that's what I'm going back to you bet
We're gonna get the doggy doctor on here. We're gonna start doing that old stuff again
As you people suck here's a mobile and four-letter deal. Hello. Oh, yes sir. Neil how are you doing great?
This is why you're loyal to making a listener yeah, and uh just have a glory whole lot day for you
I'm a scuffle and would to believe
Look for the left and there's a huge hole huge hole
And there was nobody in there, but I plug it up anyway. I plug it up anyway
Okay, congratulations to you sir
What do you say went to Prince Hamlet and he stuck it in the uh something
Open line and Broward to and date five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty on the mobile one
Anybody know what these people are talking about? No eight minutes after 11 of qm
Are you gay? I mean are you a real raving homosexual good then you've probably got excellent sense of fashion and
Chico's fashion design needs you everybody knows that the only good fashion designers are women and overly flamboyant
Straight men have the fashion sense of a slug because only when you've been but loved by another man
Do you truly understand that you got to make do with what you got and make it really beautiful?
So if you are a little light in the loafers good for you come on over to my place tonight and we'll explore your wild side
But if you're a super homo catcher gay boy skip on down to Chico's fashion design and show the rest of the world
That just because you like to kneel doesn't mean that you can't be on top of the winner
It's 11 13 at 560 wq about tell you that whammy thing that whole operation is turned out to be a real
Weener, isn't it we have two open lives in date five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty on the mobile one line
Here's a mobile in port Charlotte hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing?
So I'm your one list up in port Charlotte all right. I at least a living
Yeah, I just delivered Miami years ago
And I'm planning moving back believe it or not. Oh god boy. I can't imagine anybody doing that
Well, sir. I can't stand this old ass town. You don't understand this you've never been a Charlotte County apparently
I've been through it real fast. Oh god Neil. Oh, you don't blink
Don't blink if you come to this town because that you oh
Well, I'll tell you since we got back on a year and four Myers-Man and responses been
Under what I think that's the problem. I think putting us back in four Myers is what killed us
Well, you know what do you believe or not? I can pick you up in my car radio
But I listen to you more times than not. I listen to you on the internet
I am a circus circle side of the mannequin
um, yeah
And I just want to I do have a question though about this Saturday
Which board is bookstore and fundraiser bulls-rider you're gonna be at that's okay? Okay, noon to two
Noon to two okay. I just lie to okay. I just lie to okay. I just lie to okay. I just want to make sure fact
I wouldn't be surprised at all audience shows up. I wouldn't be probably 40 50 people
Well, listen you got my votes there and okay. I want to reiterate with those colors that before
I mean I was flipping channel last night myself and Ross Perot is an apple. I mean
I'm tired of Larry King bringing him on but he that little ninja makes it makes the ass
You know, if Larry King would stop putting him on he would just go away and do everybody a favor
But you know Larry. He must be alone on 50 dollars as long as 50 dollars. No way
Maybe he's gonna have Larry's baby next. Okay, pal have a great day. I'm gonna do you say bye
Okay, we have all the day lines wide open here five six seven oh five sixty
Ponet see that thing about the cue me, you know, I said here and thinking about that
There's certain play it there's certain play it there's certain play it
There's certain places where they're like an unlimited basically number of potential listeners
But when you look at the demographics of this market, you know, you got to realize that I've been here long enough
I've saturated this market in other words everybody who might ever listen to this show
They already either are listening or not is the case maybe and that's it
Because when you when you start eliminating you know just by process of elimination the enormous chunks of people who are never going to listen to this station
Or this radio show or any English language show. I mean, there's no chance those people are gone and they're always going to be gone
As opposed to being like an living and breathing place. We're almost everybody speaking in glaze
And there's a possibility that someday somehow you might actually expand your horizons and start talking to new and different breathing people
So here's a mobile and West Palm Beach. Hello, you know, this town has nothing to offer a bunch of roofs out there. Yeah
You might as well get the doggy book out and see who's breed a dog is smarter. You know, we get more response with that. I'll guarantee you that I went
Puts
Open line and Broward and all two-ed-aid five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty on a mobile one line
Yeah, you're real funny. I'll tell you. I'll write about you in my memoirs
Here's a mobile in bokeh. Hello
Mobile in bokeh. Hey now. Yes, sir. Yeah, when it comes to Clinton
Have you been wearing your presidential knee pads?
Phil
When it comes to Clinton. What does that have to do? What is with what I'm doing? Have to do with Clinton, sir
Well, like you know like throughout your ass
Open line and Broward five six seven. See, let me say it again. They're all listening
They're all listening including this guy every single day of his life up there in bokeh
Or wherever in hell he is because he can't really get a job in a real place. So he's in bokeh
He's on the periphery of like a real market
sweet water
But he's up there listening air be god damn day, but he's got nothing to say so air be called in the show is another homophobic shot
God
God for this bag and honor radio because where else with assholes like him have an outlet for his
Whatever it is his sputum
right
Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello
Neil yes, sir God how you doing? I'm doing okay. Ah this time man is sicker than ever
It must have taken sick pills that we got was gone. Hey, you realize the other ones and in the yellow pages you don't have a
number in the yellow pages
The only one who doesn't have a number
Study QA of course because that might cost extra you don't expect them to do that to you
Yeah
All the economic indicators we've got low unemployment low inflation we have about a beat but a boob at a
And they're not one of not any single one of them has got any idea what they're talking about
Even though they can dazzle you with their bullcrap and with their alleged knowledge. They don't know what they're talking about
Including Abby Joseph Jaree a Karimla Jabara Schwartz Cohen
At the Goldman Sachs. Oh, yeah, there's no problem. That's 10,000. Maybe doubt 1000
Maybe she's got an extra
Maybe that's the problem
So I don't want to suggest that you should start hoarding cash like real soon like now
But that might be a real good idea
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello
Any idea of first time call it all right
Ah first of all, they were talking about cars. I've been listening you for about six months and
I heard about the actions. I was 322 pounds when I started. I'm down
Up in my cholesterol was at three oh two
borderline heart attack. Yeah, and I'm down to like two sixteen on the edges
Yeah, my doctor told me not to do it not to do it that thing was gonna kill me. You're an asshole man
He is I told you know what here's the result. Guess what? I'm getting a new doctor right? What you're talking about?
I got a cure for your demographic problem. Yeah
Learn Spanish. Oh, yeah, right
I have a Spanish show
No chance pal. I
I like who I need to speak in English
I'm calling an eight you know for those tickets. I'll stick a old V this. Yeah, I'm right
There you go. There's a great call for you. Uh-huh
First time caller can be hit me up for those tickets
Now I'm gonna save him for somebody who's been speaking English
We have an open line in day one and brown and five six seven oh five sixty
Pomp five sixty on the mobile one line. How many pair of we got?
Let's go to um homestead. Hello
Hello, yes sir. I'm a first time caller. Yes, sir. I'm a new list. I don't want to let you know because
As you said earlier that you didn't have a name in the callers
I'm a new list and I will be calling and I appreciate yourself. That's all. Okay. Thank you. All right. Thank you
Okay, there you go. There's a guy down in homestead took time out from his lettuce picking to call us
We have two open lines in day five six seven oh five sixty and Pomp five sixty on the mobile one line
Here's for Lauderdale. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir
Good morning. I haven't called you since you've left i.o.d
But uh now I've been listening to you and all that
Uh just want to mention something that our deficit has been cleared and now we have surplus
Except that we have the debt that we have since the Ronald Reagan
Those purchasing those uh Ronald Reagan war too. Okay. Listen. Come here. You can't want to go back to i.o.d
We have an open line in Broward five six seven oh five sixty Pomp five sixty on a mobile one line
Here's a mobile in North Miami. Hello
Neil. Yes, sir. Okay. I saw the best bumper sticker I've ever seen. Yeah
Jesus loves you. Everyone else thinks you're an asshole. Oh, yeah, I've seen that. That's that's all had. Oh it is
Yeah, and I've got a promotion idea for you. Yeah
You know those WWJD
Great hoods
How about WWND?
WWJD
What would Jesus do? Oh those things yeah
What about Dale God? Yeah
Yeah, WWND
Okay, thanks. We'll get our crack promotion department on there right away. You hear that Sam?
Is Sam listening? No, Sam's out on he's out on another vacation this the next couple of months a couple of years
Our crack promotion department. Don't forget all the stuff for set of one that's going on
We couldn't have done it without Sam and Luanne. Screw Ann
We'll be doing the borders over by the gallery in noon to two this Saturday and then the pizza loft an over on university drive and
Baby
Next Tuesday six to eight in the PM at the world famous pizza loft. We always have a good time over there
Anybody gonna show up this time? No, well, we'll see now. We'll find out if we got anybody out there, which I have my doubts
Just amazing. Go away for one week
Nine days everything was rolling along singing a song been kind of a desperate summer
But not the worst ever we somehow were managing come back here
It's like somebody just pulled a plug when you pull that plug out of the bathtub and all the water just go
Just get sucked right down here
Like one big gigantic suck job
Here's Pembert Pines. Hello. Hey, how's it going? Okay. Uh, you're going to the game tonight, right? Yes, sir
I'm trying to get tickets. Uh, do you know if they have Panther packs?
Yeah, they do all they do
I don't know about for the exhibition game. I would assume they do they have them for all the other games
Yeah, I'd be good
Yeah, I bit to do you know, I mean let me take a look at the thing here
Tickets about 3000 remain as all it says, but it doesn't tell you anything about the
Yeah, it doesn't say price or anything
But they got tickets left that's good. I'm gonna. I've been there once on hockey fast. It was great. Yeah
But I'm just glad we got a great place to go now. I just hope we have a product on the ice that's the problem
No, I don't think so nothing at all less. A lot of these young kids. I mean, they're talking about this nilson kid and at the parish kid
And you know, we keep hearing about all these kids in the organization
And then they had a big article about radicte de Vorak yesterday about how he's maturing and he's a leader
You know, he showed me nothing last year. So it sounds to me like a lot of the same BS, but I'm hoping for the best. Oh, yeah
I mean, let's put it this way of course. Come to worst. We have all the other teams out there look forward to
You know, there you go. That's that's all we have. Okay pal. Thank you. I'll see you there tonight
We have an open line and Broward one and a five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty on the mobile one line
Here's a lady in North Miami Beach hello
Hello, yes, man hi, Neil
Two weeks ago the Miami Herald put out a 1998 and the book and in the middle of the page called help
Got a problem and you don't know who to call
They have abused neglected children animal control and in the middle of everything is neo-roger
It just struck me so funny. What do you mean by that? Your name is listed under the help section
People should call you
All for mental help you. I don't know. It says like if you want to know about the bus schedule job
But you'll be the only person listed there. Neil Rodgers. Where was this?
It's um
1998 and the book it was put out two weeks ago by the Miami Herald
It has you know all important information libraries
Hospitals whatever want me to send you company sure that would be great all right
They probably have like a little swastika next to my head on there knowing they hear a look. Okay. Have a great day
Thank you so much. Okay. What was she saying? What's that all about?
Okay, we have an open line in Broward two and a five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line
1126 I'm Q a m if you do Q a yeah
Thank you for calling the g rated sex line. Oh
Baby kiss my beanie baby. Oh
Put your tongue in my egg beater. Oh, oh, that's it. Oh. Yeah, baby. You know how to win at bingo. Oh
That my accurate makes you so shiny. Oh, yes. Oh, yes. You're your melabu can is so
hard. Oh, give me your library card. Yes. Yes. Yes. Spread my cabbages. Now put your pencil sharpener in my microwave oven
Nintendo. Oh, yes. I'm going shopping. I'm a lumberjack. I'm taking a Latin class
Oh
Man arrested and undercover sexting at mall and you'll ever guess which mall it is by the way
There's no fact in the church. Couldn't be Westland. Could it? Oh, no
Highly a police arrested a 60 year old man who they say
What is that?
What kind of a fax is it who say something an undercover officer to perform a sexual act and be turned
For money while the two ready Westland mall restroom last week
Detective John Rody said an officer spotted a posting on the internet September 22nd
Touting the food court restroom at the mall
1675 West 49th Street as the meeting place for gay men looking for anonymous sex
With backup officers want backup officers watching from cars in the malls parking lot
Rody said that he slowly drove past the food court entrance where Jose Narendjo
Of 147 48 southwest 175th Street was standing when he saw me looking at him
He made eye contact and grabbed his crotch said Rody a robbery detective
Rody parked the car walked past Narendjo and entered the food court restroom with Narendjo
allegedly following Narendjo unzipped his pants started fondling himself and asked Rody to perform oral sex and returned for $20
Rody said Rody agreed and suggested they enter a stall
Narendjo said it was too out on the restroom and the two instead agreed to meet a day deserted parking lot across the street from the mall
Once into parking lot Narendjo stepped into Rody's unmarked police car
Unzipped his pants again and started touching himself
Rody said that's where Rody arrested him. He was charged with exposure of sexual organs
Lorydering and prowling and solicitation Narendjo complained of chest pains
Oi and spent two hours at Palm Springs Hospital a block away from the mall
He was then taken to date County jail. What's his guy's name again? Jose?
Mall officials did not return a call seeking comment
Rody said police will continue to monitor the mall for similar activities. That's over in Westland
That's where they're doing it baby all those holios all those uh book arons
That's right those book arons. They're doing it over there in Westland
By the food court. That's the hotspot
T rooms at Westland
Two open lines in date County if you're not tied up at Westland give us a call in date
Five six seven oh five sixty Palm five sixty on the mobile one line
Alan Greenspan speaking on Capitol Hill but I'll be but I'll be but I'll be and while he's speaking
The numeric is going down and down and down down
166 on the down down 63 and a half on the Nasdaq down and down he's gone but I'll be but I'll be but I'll be
You don't have to worry. He's all said here's Miami. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Are you doing okay?
Long time listening and long time a lot it's called a lot
I wanted to actually question now that Leland is gone
Do you think that they'll bring back John Bolz?
John Bolz, remember he managed for like half a season when they fired and they were talking about bringing back a Renee Latchman
Can you believe that? Yeah, but I thought he'll come back he's happy and
St. Louis. Yeah, I mean why would he want to come back? Nobody cares pal. Nobody cares. Okay,
Dave County's wide open five six seven oh five sixty and Palm five sixty on the mobile one line
Are we going to talk about Jim Leland today? No, you'll bet your suite as okay? That's our pool question
You want Christina Moore and Boog Shambi back because if they were here doing mid bull Jim Leland
Press conference in fact, I'm probably still would be on that's right
That's our pool question the rest of the day today you want Chris Moore and
And Boog Shambi back here in midday on QAM
Don't forget the sports bike and the sports bike. We have to bring her back to okay the sports bitch the fabulous sports bitch
five six seven oh five sixty Palm five sixty on the mobile one line
Lake Worth. Hello
Yeah, I
Was in the guard's fault. Okay, we have an open line and Broward all three lines there. We don't have any tickets
Okay, sir. We don't have any goddamn tickets. It was a joke. We don't have any tickets. We've got important fish to fry here today
These people man you are the most unbelievable crowd that anybody in the human race has ever seen in their lives
All I got to do is whisper if I have a fart and say oh, maybe there's a ticket in there to just pull out of my
Right away. They're on the phone for it. No tickets. No ticky. No washi. Okay, sir
I got two tickets for the game tonight. They're mine and I'm using them. Okay, and but out
I'll take those tickets. Okay. Yeah, right. Take this
Poor lotterdale. Hello
First of all baseball for fang. Yeah
Thank you, boss. You don't have any tickets. Why would you know? Right? Why would you be wasting your time calling? Right?
Good question. You must have nothing else to do, right?
Open line in Broward one and date five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty on a mobile one line
He's listed this show. Does that make him gay?
I think that answers the question. See at Westland pal
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello
Deal. Yes, sir. How you doing, sir? Okay. I got a couple things
I just real quick. There's gonna be a documentary or you know, X-Blood there whatever on
Casina on Vegas on Sunday and Discovery Channel. I'm up. You saw it
And X-Blood day
Well, how nice both that say documentary. Yeah
The ones called Casino and the one at best called High Rollers Vegas. That's just someone to pass along with you
Great another thing. I was walking in my apartment complex. Yeah, they here comes you guys on their other bike
I'm an extraordinary without knocking on doors wasn't your home as witnesses
More than they do and just trying to say hi good morning. Hi. We're from the uh
Do you just cry a lot of day saying it's all right? Would you be interested in that?
No, I'm okay. Oh, but sir, have you been saved yet? No, no, no, no
No
Like Nancy Reagan said just saying oh man. No, it's fine
I heard the other guy trying to tell you that data that one guy was trying to say oh well if you agree with us
You must be saving themself. No, I don't understand that. Yeah, funny. It's the other thing
You're dealing with stupid brainwash people pal. It's uh, it's no no funny message
Yeah, the other day I kind of noticed something about my brother
He doesn't like me saying god damn Jesus Christ ball ball whatever and it's funny because we've never been ever
Just family at all
At all and all of a sudden now
But there's probably a latent homosexual is what it sounds like to me have a rate a pal
And if he invites you to take a shower just say no
We have an open line in the Broward
567 0560 pound 560 on a mobile one line 23 till new
Okay, it's 1.42 at 560 wqm would that be something if they brought back
Ren no open line in Broward 560 does anybody care? No, I sure don't 560 7 05 60 pound 560 on a mobile one line
How about those tickets offer that panther game tonight. Let's go
Here's Miami hello. Hi, how are you doing? Okay, sir? Okay, uh, can you just give me a second? I gotta turn on the radio
Yeah
Yeah
Times up
Okay, open line in day one in Broward 5 6 7 05 60 almost sounded like Gilbert. Oh, that was Gilbert's
illegitimate brother here's like worth hello
Ain't any of what's going on now much I want to tell you those people that give
To the food and stuff the Cubans they're bringing over there. They got to be crazy
Because the people are never gonna get it the Cuban communist. They're gonna sell it
To the person's gonna pay the highest money for
Yeah, damn change. Yeah, but the people that give that food think and the poor people are gonna get it
Yeah, they don't see it. What does that have to do with anything? What does that have to do with the price of peanuts
Well, I'm saying that people that need the food aren't gonna get it and people all see to that
About all the starving people in Africa. What about those people starving people in Bangladesh? What about them?
People don't care. Yeah
Yeah, people don't care. Okay. Well, thanks for the good news. Thanks for the uplifting message, sir
Right, I feel better now. God thank God
We have an open line at Broward
But I thought there was some other reason that people were stirring, but he's got a good point there people just don't give a crap all right
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 out of mobile one line. I want to the really great weeks of my life
I don't even have a diary, but I'm gonna go home and start one dear diary today. I talked to a bunch of assholes for four hours
Boys coming back saying so what else is new
Wow
Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Yes, ma'am
Open line at day five six seven oh five sixty and pop five sixty on the mobile one line. I get out of this time
That's what I do sweetheart
Here's a mobile in free a dear field beach hello. How you doing, Neil? Okay, sir
Uh, just what a call say. I you know, want to fuck around for a ticket
Uh, what tickets? Yeah, exactly and uh, I hope everybody doesn't
Call for the stand tickets. We work as I mean, that's good show you how many free looters there are out here in South Florida
I'm from California myself. I can't stand them. Yeah
So anyway, I want to say is Neil enclosure
I'm smart
Two open lines of Broward five six seven oh five sixty and pop five sixty. Well, it's from California
What up here does that answer your question? Uh-huh works for me. Here's a crawlgabels. Hello meal. Yes, sir
I just tuned in so I'm not sure if you already went on a rampage on
Larry King and
Yeah, we covered it and they're going to what's the point of going on a rampage? Oh
I mean the suck each other's ass they keep springing it in back and every time you think you've seen them for the last time
He brings them back again. No, I know and then King is you know, he's just sucking around all the time
But I mean it's Ross Perot was just I mean talk about somebody's gone insane and the guy
I know how to do a torture. I know how to do a torture. Yeah
Everything out of his mouth was just he was incredible. I mean
Why is that any different from what it used to be? Well, I don't know. He was always a coop
But I mean when he was talking about the giant sucking sound with mask and all that that made some sense to me
Well, they're talking about other giant sucking sounds now. Yeah, he's consistent. He's got a lot of sucking on his mind
The drugs from Mexico. He told the DEA to let it come in
Yeah, I mean, you guys
Not well, we already know that no, I know I just I can't if you tune in late you missed
We had the one guy that's still working for the big reform party the one guy who's left who there wasn't this enchanted and finally find out what little
Trup this guy is the one guy called in and he's still working on it
Yeah, well, I mean, yeah, it's bleeding at this point. It's incredible. I don't know. I just I couldn't believe it
Well, leave it to Larry baby. He's the one guy who can do it. Uh-huh and have a great day
We have an open line and date one and Broward five six seven oh five sixty
Pop five sixty on the mobile one line was I home watching Larry King last night. No, I was at pop it up
They're losing fifty seven dollars last night and having a good time doing it. There you go
Of course, that was after sundown. I mean a good you like me. I wouldn't go out there and I'm gonna tell you something okay
After what I went through yesterday and Tuesday. I'll think it much better
It's worse, but after the last couple of days. I am I you know other than the gastronomic part
I'm becoming embarrassed to be associated in any way shape or form with this Jewish thing, you know
I'm becoming embarrassed with it. Oh
I mean talk about phony baloney people who don't bother going all year long
Which is fine. What's out? You're going to show up for what are you wasting your time with at nonsense
People aren't doing the chicken on the head routine. We're in a bunch of 10th world
Neanderthals
But they feel compelled because they've been conditioned. Oh, well, this is something special. This is a like it's a big deal
I think that if you're gonna take off for you. I'm kebriata go out to call the racetrack
Heels and plunge your brains out. That's a way to do it. That's a way to really enjoy you right?
Seriously, that's
The real way to be Jewish on young
Here's a mobile in West Palm Beach. Hello, Harry Nail. Yes, sir. You're giving away tickets to the pan the hurricane game
Yeah, is that kind of like punishment? I'd rather have capital punishment. I don't have any tickets
You're right. I don't have any tickets to give away to any game. I'd rather throw up and watch them. Why is that?
I mean
Let me ask you something. It's somebody force you to call again
Just under the threat that we might give you some tickets. Even though we don't have any. What is that mean?
Beaten things
Well, that will send somebody right over. We're okay and work on it asshole
Open line and powered five six seven oh five sixty and pop five sixty on the mobile one line
Here's a Miami. Hello. Hello. Hi Nail. Yes, sir. Hi. How are you doing? Okay. Oh, I love your show, ma'am
You're the best
And that was a major asshole. It's just called a fucking around take it as usual
But anyway, I know that you're quite
a fishinado or you
Depth of it like
certain
You like
Some yeah, mostly not most of it. I hate I'm a no. I'm I'm originally I'm
You like and weekend. That's it the rest of it blows
No, come on man. Yeah, you gotta give it a chance here. You ever heard of Mark Anthony who Mark Anthony and Julia Caesar right
And Brutus
Okay, listen to this very hard mark can't think give them a bit kiss for me. Okay sounds like your type
We have an open line in date five six seven oh five sixty pop five sixty on the mobile one line
Can't stand Spanish music especially that huchi kuchi stuff like hookah racha. It's not like rich Sanchez and he
Rick Sanchez on speed
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello
Hello, yes, sir
Neil I'm wondering you have achieved a fair
Pair degree of success in your profession. Yes. You're probably the foremost personality and talk radio
Yes, and I am surprised with
You know the fact that you attack your colleagues
In the profession what what college are you talking about such as whom my colleagues
What is that well the other day I was listening and you did a number on Peter Jennings mm-hmm
Jennings is my colleague. Well, what is happening Peter Jennings doesn't know me from washi pupik
No, but you're still in the same profession sir
I'm not a but sucker you might be those doctors who try to cover up for each other and always other people
Who believe that we never talk bad about our about our so-called peers because god forbid they should say something about us
I tell it the way it is pal. I can't stand Peter Jennings
Well no one said that you have to love Peter Jennings. Yeah, I don't care sir
Let me say it to you again if I'm a doctor and a doctor down the street as a butcher in a bad doctor
If I have a conscience I should be talking about it okay, and I get paid here to give my opinions
And I don't like Peter Jennings and I don't like your call in here telling me what I should be saying okay mr. Hot shot
Probably he probably doing Peter Jennings probably got a Peter Jennings blow up though
We have two open lines in the day five six seven oh five sixty my colleagues in the business
You better go out and date Brian Andrews. Okay, sir. You may be a little bit too old for him
My colleague Adam Kirschner
Who's rejecting my advances? I'm sorry
Here's a mobile in western hello. Yeah, he wishes he was his colleague mobile in western
Hello Neil. Yes, sir. Okay, big hockey fan. Can you believe I've never been to a hockey game?
What is the difference between going and watching it on TV?
Like the difference between watching sex on a movie or having it no difference to me, huh?
No different. Okay, well listen go watch a good movie
We have an open line in brow at all three in data open five six seven oh five sixty
Palm five sixty on a mobile one line
Is a mobile in sunrise hello
Mobile in sunrise. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes, me. I got an opinion for you. Yeah, you're show blows
Okay, thank you very much my show blows
There is a guy with a personality like a dead frog my show blows
Thank you sir for taking the time out of your very busy day to share that with us you blow okay pal
My show happens to be great and you're listening to it today and you listen to it yesterday
And you'll be listening to it tomorrow and you'll be trying to find it on Saturday
Even though it ain't here because you're tuned down to know that
My show blows like I've said a million times before nobody with a brain
I mean the people in the audience are laughing hysterically right now at you that's what they're laughing at because they know you're a bozo
Nobody calls somebody to tell their show blows they go and he find a life they go find something that
entertains them that amuses them that they're interested in that they like
but not in this town
Oh, we're listening every day before you suck. Hey great, but thanks for listening baby. That's what it's all about
Here's a mobile in Pember pine. Hello
I don't know how you do it. I'm doing great
How about things number one? Did you see the new thing that they're gonna be doing for football with the first down marker going across the field
There's must have a yellow stripe on the floor. The viewer can see it like they were trying to do with the hockey a yellow stripe
Yeah, oh
Well, there's the there's the admission that the product sucks their finally that's the thing that Fox was doing when they put that glowing puck on there
What they were trying to say is the game is watered down in the sucks
We got to do something to juice it up and now the NFL is in the same thing
Yeah, the other thing was I we've had this feeling that one day at for us for however became president when he did his acceptance speech
Probably pull off a mat can be a little Japanese guy standing there wouldn't surprise me wouldn't surprise me at all somebody
I heard a samu rice sword real quick have a great day and back to you
Okay, we have an open line and groward five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line
Here's hi lia with 62 question marks probably from the T-Rumid Westland. Hello
Hello, yes, sir. Hey Neil. Yes, I want to know. Did you hear about on the reo chronic
chronic
Open line and day one and groward five that's him by the way. It's so one of the little crew there
Go find yourself a life okay pal
We're gonna send a look up brought to your house. Okay to twist off your penis if you can find it
Open line and day one and groward five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty on the mobile one line
Here's Kendall. Hello
Great sounds like you're having
I'm having another great day in the big city right then bother me. I'll take the money. Thank you
I don't know if you've touched on it yet or I'm touching it right now with a story on the paper
I got my thumb on it. Yeah about looks like we might have to be polishing up our old
Gustaf and boots with jet bush getting support from
Really Logan that's right from one of those shards is yeah right on the front page
I mentioned that before nobody out here cares about it nobody this audience gives a crap
We got the Jewish journal endorsing jet bush the other day yesterday on yom kipper one of the greatest acts of
Blast for me in the history of the human race and today we got really Logan, which is no surprise
We already knew that because he's looking his wounds those aren't the Jews for Jesus people are they know these are the Jews for jester
Um, I was that these are the Jews for masochism
I'd also like to thank you Neil for helping me
Maybe open up my mind a little bit, which I know is the point that you're just trying to get across to a lot of people
That's uh, I've been reading a lot of books on uh, you know, on philosophy and on religion and stuff and
Just trying to get my mind made up. So let me ask you this seriously. Why is it so complicated?
Why do we need yeah, I was to come to work this morning
I was thinking about the guy that called me yesterday about Madeline O'Hara and her family like disappearing and about maybe they stole a bunch of money
Why does there need to be an American atheist organization?
I mean, I can understand you know the ACLU and organizations like Freedom from Religion Foundation that deal with legal matters that go into court to protect those from religious fanatics
I understand the need for them
But why does there have to be an atheist organization a Christian organization a Jewish organization
Well, what what does the need for it? Why can't you just believe whatever crap you want?
Just be a decent person don't bother anybody else. No harm. And that's it. What do we need all of this for?
There's nothing complicated about it
Nobody's going to heaven nobody's going to hell nobody's gonna have after life
Nobody's gonna be coming back at you. It just uh, that's it
You know the whole point was with the whole thing
Especially you really see it in the really crazy, you know Muslim religions and stuff that
That the afterlife is really crazy religions like there's some that aren't
Oh, I guess okay all religions that you got
The Jews uh, yeah with the chickens on their head in Israel yesterday waiting to for the assay
They don't understand that it doesn't work from a down from of what they didn't have it look at the way water flows
Okay, the sins of the chicken are flowing down into their bodies
That's the problem of the orthodox Jews
That's why they're crazy than a bed book the sins of the chicken are in their brains now
The whole thing was related and eventually it flows all the way down and they turn into a bunch of chickens
This is what they turn out to be you know the whole thing is it just it's to me
It seems like it diminishes the life in what we have here on earth because it doesn't mean squat when you think about eternity
I mean what what eternity isn't every ridiculous. It's called fear of death
That's exactly what you go and step on a cockroach and you start and after you stop on that thing and kill it
Better than crap you ask yourself is that thing uh making a comeback?
I think it is gonna make a comeback. Yeah, that's the problem
Me I also like to uh, say we'll play hang up, but I think George is the next one job
He did a hell of a job and he's gonna be doing a show permanently starting tomorrow and uh, I know increase in pay and I'd like to
If possible maybe get his CD uh, what what are the chances of that? Best of George. That's coming out this week
Thank you
Okay, here's the best of George
Okay, we have an open line in date five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18t wireless line
We've been trying to tell you for a hundred years now. It's all a bunch of crap and you won't listen to us
Tells wrong with you people out there. Oh, I got a chicken on my head. Well, Jesus Christ even Carmen Miranda look better than that
They got a dead chicken on their head or maybe this is a dead chicken or a live chicken
I think it's a live chicken or a live chicken and they're waving it around
I give no meaning to the word chicken. Yeah, the sins of the chicken are flowing downward. Don't you understand?
Now if they would stand on our head and put the chicken, which it don't work too good
I don't think
That would be can you see that balancing act standing on your head on a live chicken? By the way, can multiple people use the same chicken
Multiple chickens or do you each have to have your own chicken only in Westland? How much sin can work in full?
60 WQC
The Neil Roger shale show me yours. I'll show you mine
Come on dux tv with the Dutch subtitles. There's Jerry Springer doing it baby with all those sparkes
You know good miserable. No good try that
Oh
Over and over like 60 minutes or 58 minutes of that then Jerry comes on and kind of like a politicizes
Well, you do understand relationships are important. We have two open lines and brown earth
5 6 7 0 5 60 and pop 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line
We just figured out through in a break while there's so many smart Jews in the world most of them are egg heads from having at the
Yeah from having that chicken on your head
Right, how did I know in the very first words? Who that saw Miami little stick
We have an open line and date one and brownered 5 6 7 0 5 60
Palm 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line
Here's Kendall hello
Neil yes, sir. I want to know what you were doing in that church there in the electrical meter room
What you hooked up the wires. Yeah, right. Yeah hooked up this
Boy, oh boy mental cases baby mental cases. They're all out loose today. They got to let up for the holidays
Two open lines and date to a brownered 5 6 7 0 5 60
Pop 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Miami. Hello
Hello, Neil. Yes, sir
Yes, little nervous. I'm a gringo married to a huliet livin and high alia. Yeah
Okay, and I anyway from Westland man stay away from those tea rooms or else dude
Oh, they're nuts over there. I've been fact I live like four blocks from there. I keep my kids well away from
All those old Cuban book at ones in heat man you better watch it
Uh, you know now my my quite I'm a little nervous talking to you. You're never late. Yeah
Any never to laugh now. I know we got the youth staffers coming in and everything and I've
complained to my wife about it and she doesn't vote because she's resident and she goes well how do you change it?
And I say the only thing I can do is bitch about the pineal
Yeah, that'll do it. Yeah, no, I mean both seriously what how do we do it?
Change what?
The system's run the past or maybe go to a real country. We're living and breathing people out. That's what you do
I live in a place. This is a country of dummies
I get the lotto. I'm out of here dude. All right. I'll go back to Cuba. Just remember me. Just keep me in your will. Oh big time
Okay, okay. We got two open lines in day one and powered five six seven oh five sixty
We're still waiting for the votes on Chris Moore and the boob shamby
Management wants to know you think the uh, there's been an interesting nine months here, you know
Went by pretty damn fast. You look only about 10 15 years here at QAM
But they want to know is the time to bring back Chris Moore and the boob shamby here in mid days
So we could have got that whole generalie and press conference in here
And I got very Jackson all upset. I got those people out in Denver with the fan upset
That's what they want to know
They want to hear the jet fans suck in the dolphin fans suck and you ain't want a super bowl in 500 years
And you ain't want to run six over the years back and forth deep but to move about and about how come you not
Watching mother and football said them and so on. I'll wrap your hour after hour. That's what they want
Open-line and powered all three lines in date. We're waiting here baby. On you five six seven
Oh five six feet
Half five six feet on the 18 T wireless line
Worst week of my life
Get off that plane
Humanity's traction to push
You say you want to be
Hi, and hello. Yeah, what's up, buddy? Yes, sir? Hey, would you seriously look with eight everything in the stock market today?
You were a slumber
Oh, it all depends on how much of a beating you're gonna take. I mean already taking a beat like 10 grand
Yeah, I'll big deal 10 grand
If you have 70 tens one seventh of it. Yeah, that's true. Yeah, come on
I mean, I'm looking watching these mutual funds just taking dive look at all the greenspan stock and now
We're making a comeback now. It's only down 123 and an Azdaq down 56 which is still momentous after
238 on the dau yesterday
It's just like Clinton that night that he came on on august 17. There's noises like Pinocchio on a bad day
I think that all these stores any storm next storm one of the put old sales final
I try to get it down on a milk glass line. I've always you know
Genses over there bringing back their freaking can corn. What's up with that? I mean, you know save the thing
I mean 39 cents the can is people are fit to be tied to get their money back not only that
But it's a good time to be storing can goods. You know what those right wingers say can goods and ammo
There you go
Hey as far as the games that I want to try to get up there, but uh, I went and looked at my seat
I was the guy a few months ago. I called you back. I didn't renew my seat
But I winked up with a guy up based on your advice got lower bowl. Yeah
Section 112 great
Well, thanks now the end of it. There you go. Hey, thanks. They owe in fact rimmers thinking about it already
Okay, thank you so much sir too late. We have an open line and date one and brownered five six seven oh five sixty
So far off the year we've taken 600 votes 500 want Chris more and boob shamby back and the other hundred don't know who the hell I am
And are too enthused about it anyway eight minutes passed. Don't look at this the markets make it a nice comeback here down
124 the dollar that has that still looking pretty ugly on those high-drecked tech stocks
You know a winner from coconut creek got right it sports radio five sixty q a l
Hey, it's how it how it's bam
Buting day tickets for Tampa Bay in the Panthers and at the yellow parking pass that uh, yeah
Date counties wide open five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line
I mean date county they don't know from a hockey and Dave county all they know about is a bug at own at Westland
Here's a fort Lauderdale hello
Good afternoon. Yeah, sir. I call first and foremost to thank you for the lovely adult entertainment video
You sent me a couple weeks back great. It was very nice of you to do good
While we are very nice the audience sucks, but we try to be pretty nice. Well, it's almost like the call
We just don't want to be chronic, you know every couple weeks or so, you know
Uh, you caught the new Hollywood Squares show the worst I and it's funny
You should mention that I saw for maybe was last night for about 10 minutes five minutes three and a half minutes
Never enough to let all the people on there are my and Keith Hernandez what they'll make some x baseball player like a
From Keith Richards. Yeah, right
But uh, I just caught it too. I was the prize to see it on on the
People on there you see the concept of that show was fine
But you also had to have people on there who were like
entertaining and you can't bring it back. I mean Charlie weaver's not gonna be coming back anytime soon
Paul Lindek gonna be making a comeback. I mean most of the people that were great on it
Sure dead or a 200 years older both and nobody's any good. This got a job. It's gonna be on that show to begin with I guess
I mean you knew that history when they started bringing what's that guy that's
Stolen Phillips not stories that the guy still Phillips. I wouldn't know. No, so Phillips is the announcer NBC
What's always the guy the DJ out in LA that was on there on the Hollywood Squares? They'll come back. He wears I don't know
I didn't want to be only that much. I know you're a yeah, somebody. Oh, horrible show
Well, that'll be gone before we can cancel on Wami in that two months. Oh speaking of Wami
I know they get rid of Amy. I can
Not that I know I got that some geeky guy looking on the other day when I caught it and there was a girl
Or shadow Stevens that well shadow Stevens don't film same thing through the girl doing
Name Stephanie. It was doing some the intro instead of Veronica. Yeah, that's a lip Stephanie. That's right. That's the one. That's Rob's
Beary and Ken just put good quite a look. Yes, she is quite a looker
Well, have yourself a wonderful whatever you have and back to you and happy new year happy new year all you Jews out there
I mean we have open line and brown all of Dave County are we ever gonna talk to Dave County?
No, are we gonna have like am I gonna go through this every day of my life with Dave County?
Just because we got a bunch of banana boat people in Dave County and everybody who has a brain got the hell out long time ago
We got like four Jews left in Dave County. We're stranded there in our desperate to get out there like oh waiting for the bus to bokeh
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line
There's a mobile in Margate. Hello. Hey Neil. How are you okay, sir? We're here for the hurricane. No, I was not
Did you board up? I was not here sir. Let me say it again. I know, but did you still board up? Yeah, I board board this up. Here's a Hollywood. Hello
Hollywood male. Yes. How are you sir? Okay? I'm here to brighten your day. Yeah, sounds like it sounds like a good bright
Today
Information for you
Beagio opens on the 16th of this month. Yeah, so that'll be it first day yesterday a caller called up and nobody about Vegas. Yeah, is that the name of beagio?
I thought he placed it the Astros
Yeah, I've got a little hotel on the side
Secondly across from the Mirage out today. Guess where the fad used to be the building that's been called the Versailles
Right
I had the opportunity to go in there and take a tour
Uh
All the rooms are going to be sweet
770 square foot per suite right with fucking living room wow 231 inch colored tvs and each sweet right to phone line right
Shooter hook up right right. Why would you go on a plate? Oh exactly, but how much well? They're gonna be competitive
It's the other day's count much because you know, I get a top but
They said they would be competitive with everything alpha strip
Huh, but I stayed in most of the hotels out there deal and this is by far the best I've ever been. Well, when's it opening?
99 probably the fall of 99 I'll be there. Yeah, okay. Thanks a lot. Thanks for the good news
See there's always something new and exciting opening in Vegas
They just keep building and building and more and bigger and better and more glamorous places opening
And when the old places get dumping they come along with a reccovolody
They tear them right down and build something newer and better and more exciting just like here right just like uh
Yeah, we have an open line and brown and uh one and date five six seven oh five sixty and pond five sixty on the 18t wireless line
Thank God there's a Vegas. That's all I can say
Thank God they're living and breathing places in the world to give you some uh something to look forward to some hope
You look on that counter and say oh hey look at this the same that far off. I'm gonna actually be out there
Here's a mobile and corals springs hello
Hey, Neil how's it going? Okay, sir
Hey, you went out for my test to live in a condo would you? No, I don't
I let me tell you something they are they after it were
My wife had a car almost stolen the other day and they don't really give a crap
Mm-hmm, you know, I was in town on about deep enough security because we're in corals spring
Right exactly. Okay, we have an open line and date to him broard five six seven oh five sir
Well, he said yeah, and he met it five six seven oh five sixty and pond five sixty on the 18t
Line here's Miami hello. Hi. Yes, sir. You know, I like to
Know she think about these new billboards that are out there the god
Billboards. What do I think I think it's more propaganda? Why do we have to have religion outside on billboards?
Why do we have to have that on bumper stickers on billboards?
More intolerances what it is sir. Well, I mean it's like
They don't even want to miss who who put them up. Yeah, who did put them up?
I know they have been trying to find out yeah
And uh probably a bunch of atheists. Okay, we have an open line and uh
The brown and the two-in-date five six seven oh five sixty pond five sixty on the 18t line
Mobile in Miami. Hello
Last call of the mobile in Miami. Hello. How you doing? Okay, sir
Uh, I just want to know who you think's really responsible for the $70 billion
Sir plus that the government suddenly found here is
You know, okay, that's our last call today
But we only got an hour and 40 minutes to kill and by the time you take the spots out
And the ID
All right
When it's
Oh
5 6 7 0 5 60 on 5 60 on the 18t wireless line. We have any takers out there
Anybody in date county alive and who's listening to this show?
Anybody got anything to say about Jim Leeland leaving? No, anything about the Panther game tonight
Anything about the uh god damn stockpark. You're going to hell on a hand-basket
Anything about Willie Logan and Jeff Bush. No, anything about anything. No, thank you
And
Here's the mobile in four-letter deal. Hello
Neil God. Yes, sir. It up. No, how are you? I'm I'm doing great. I'm just confused man
I'm just totally confused with this crowd
Well, you know with the inaccurate information that people give you in Vegas. It's the Bellagio
ATIO he said Craig B. Joe is what he said. Yeah, he doesn't know what he's talking about they get rules and go panthers
Yeah, they'd have a nice life. Okay. That was short and sweet
That's one of our best calls of the day too nice closer
Open line and proud why use 50,000 words when he can use only three or four
Where we gone? Let's go to a lottery of lakes. Hello
Latter-day lakes
Hi there. Yes, sir. Oh, Neil. I got another
Vegas thing for you. Yeah
In the sometime next spring
This week we stay in Arizona this place called Canyon Ranch. Arizona?
Arizona. Oh
God try it. You'll eat it. Oh, it's how many perks out there
You can enjoy Arizona. Don't go out the way. Yeah, but the people have run this
This Canyon Ranch because it's a big one. It's not enough to be hanging out in Arizona. You have to be over a hundred
Well, what I do is see I
I make statues for them and they give me room free. Yeah
I'm not free right I bought it and and they're gonna open a place in Vegas
We'll put the spa in in conjunction. You don't play school to volunteer
The guy was just talking about that. Oh, yeah. No, you're volunteer right
Well, Canyon Ranch is gonna have a piece of that. I mean the spa stuff like that
And they're healthy food and molecular uh-huh
I'm the guy that made it a little rave with me last year. Great. Oh, I final it every day
I'm squeezing it right now. Just thinking about it
We want this year, man. Who I want what? Yeah, I will not look like we're sick with my rave wouldn't it?
That's good. No, no, no, I'm sticking with Ray. He's my man. He's
Hey, I can lend an eye so didn't see it when that you go right so see the after game
Sit in what do you mean when you sit sit in for me? What does that mean? I mean you said you wouldn't be able to go to the opening day
Okay, well, he just get cut off. Okay. We have an open line. I see now
This is a very nice guy who made a nice thing for me, but you know something at this point in my life
I'm just I'm becoming bitter. Am I becoming bitter? Uh-huh
Because I'm not giving away those tickets yet. I don't know for sure
I'm probably not going to be here next weekend not this weekend
We got of course the big thing at the borders and then Tuesday we got the thing at pizza law
But to follow in weekend October like 9th and 10th and whatever those dates are
I'm probably going to be out of town, but there's a chance I might not be all depending
And this guy who did a very nice thing for me he turns out to be a freeloader too
Can we sit on your tape? No
The answer is no
If you do something nice for me, don't do it because you're going to like out like in a godfather, you know
You're going to come back for the funeral later on
And that they may never come but that better be better move but about your outsider and so on look how they master create my boy
You know all that business
Jesus I just it just because most people that do nice stuff for us here at a show they ask nothing and return
Self-help con Joe
Resoli all those people they ask nothing and return Gary the sign man nice people
You know they don't want nothing to read what they don't want anything to return
But then it's just because I mentioned I mean she I don't want any tickets
I don't want to go to any ball games. I'm just going to lock myself in a house
Because this god damn town there is nothing there's nothing else here, but freeloaders. That's all we've got
That's the name of this town. What do you got? What do you got? What do you I got nothing?
I got nothing. How about your dog? He'd wrap a good come on. I'll take it
Jesus Christ
You can't even joke about these things
I mean god forbid that I should make a joke about those tickets and right away I wouldn't within a matter
You can't buy a god damn call all day long
But as soon as you make some comment even obviously jokingly about hockey tickets or basket
How about some tickets for the NBA they're not even playing for Christ sake. Oh
Oh, you'll take them I thought you would
60 wq amp preacher shoots himself during sermon
Jacksonville a youth minister was in critical condition saturday when after accidentally shooting himself in the head
During a sermon as he waved to gun and compared Russian roulette with sin
Melvin nurse and boy he could assure you one
35 was at university medical center after shattering his skull with a blank when the
37 caliber handgun discharge
He fired and then he fell. I thought it was part of the sermon that he was supposed to fall said Anthony spate
Pastor at the living wake Christian fellowship church international
But I got up there. I stopped water the carpet the congregate said pastor. This is real something's happened
I began to pray for him and add someone called the fire station next door
Nurse had fired the gun over his head several times about it going off
So the shooting caught the congregation by surprise
He was using Russian roulette to make a point about the consequences of sin
Witnesses said the ministers said the nurse opened the gun cylinder and inserted a blank sponus cylinder
Each time he discussed a specific sin he'd repeat the same motion
Though a blank the casing still contains a hard cardboard type wide
That ejects several feet when fired police said
New police nor church members knew who owned a gun
Spate said nurse often preached about the dangers of crack cocaine and sweet car crime
But he has to give a sermon on Thursday about gun use and sin
Spate said he allowed nurse to give the sermon in lieu of a weekly Bible study session
But didn't know nurse had a gun
He was nursing it
Nurse had been preaching for a short time when he took a gun out of a small case
And referred to a passage in the New Testament book of James that deals with sin and death spate said
I think it deals with guns
Oh, they didn't have no guns back then today
Geez they couldn't have had too good of a time
No one they were always writing about sin and all that crap, huh? They didn't have no guns. Let me have it a good time
Here's a call in Miami. Hello
Hello, yes sir. Yeah, how you doing? Okay
This and I want to request for me. Oh, great. We have an open line in day five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty on the 18t wireless on
I told you no punks with his spatic accents ever again on the show
I know that strikes you particularly hard because you're such a militant Cuban, but nevertheless
If that's what it takes if that's what it's we've got to deal with no lojolios on here
Because there isn't there's not one
Every maybe five months one in five months. We got a holy or a call this show
That's got anything except those little pranks or we'll get our own bull grow. That's it
That's all we got that's the and you take those 10 million people out of Dayton, Broward
And what do you got left? What's the potential pool we got to talk to somebody out there
Who's like a real caller
Here's Miami. Hello
Yes, sir. Yeah, I just want to know what another one
Two open lines in day one
Who's already on there?
Two open lines in day
Let's talk to some English-speaking people in day five six seven oh five sixty
high five sixty on the 18t line
Here is a mobile in Miami. Hello
I'm coming in. Yes
Yeah, how you doing? Okay. I want to go see the arena. Yeah, and I'm a supporter of you on those lights
I can't believe they use the same life with the arena. I think they just transferred them over
They still got the same little dinky redled red gold ball
Yeah, I think they just moved them over. They just decided not to spend the extra money
I don't know ridiculous. It's been all that money on that on that uh
Have any people ever been to a hockey game in like a real arena? No
All they have to do is watch a Canadian channel. I mean, yeah, they don't even have to go
They're going to watch a Toronto game or
A Canadian game come on
Right they have the correct life or even in Tampa even as you read next over there
I know how to have a goal. I said they want to go to school
It like looks impressive and exciting and the like
They're like something goes on instead of like a little dinky Christmas ball goes on like at the arena
I agree
I'm gonna check that out out tonight. They better get with it. I'm a love of subject. Yes, sir
Um happy for the coach that he's funny in other place to go. You know more power to him
We disappointed him. I think we've really legged down
Even though the team played well last year but uh all the scoops that these people did you know in the management
You know more power to him, you know let him go and do whatever he has to do. Thank God bless Jim Leland
And thank you so much Jim Leland for a job well done here
He's a good guy. I didn't like it here all that much which just speaks very well for him though
We have an open line in fact he had a guy there was the thing in the paper was it this morning about
One of the system coaches or one of the people and we used to drive him around everywhere he went because he just uh
He didn't want to get to know the Syria because he didn't like it nice going Jimmy
Saw him up in Pompa no Park one. I'd have it a good time real good guy quiet not making a big scene
Not putting on a big good simous like Pete Rose does
Open line in date five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 T wireless line
Mobile in Hollywood hello
Not still yes sir i'm making a plea for with you
Please do not say his name because every time you say his name they think about trading him
Do not say with me please don't say his name you know that as well as I do every time you start
They're not sure they're not trading Ray Whitney
Not yet Jim much and now they're not going to trade Ray Whitney
You can get it. I hope you're right, but I hope
Sir, let me say it again read my lips. They're not trading Ray Whitney just calm down take a couple of value
I'm a couple of pros act and relax
Two open lines and Broward five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 T wireless line
Miami with 200 question marks. Hello
Hello, yes sir. Hi, there's me. How are you? Okay. I'm a 23 year old Julio been a long time listener
And I go to your year in Miami. I'm graduating this May hopefully yeah
And I got a couple of low job offers you know in New York and
LA and one in Chicago. See them. I go in Chicago. What do you say good choice?
Your choice
Good choice. Thank you much sir. Okay. Good luck you pal. Okay. Excellent choice Chicago one of the great cities in the world
Happy weather, but a great sir great food
Open line and date one and Broward five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 T wireless line
Here is Miramar. Hello
Uncle Leo. Yes, sir. Listen, I'm not in date county, but I am English speaking and I'm only three blocks away
I'm near the county line roads. Great. I count always close enough to make a quick getaway. Yes
Listen, not just a couple of things first of all on this
Chicken deal on the chicken on the head
Now not to check it on the head the other thing with it with chicken in the Randall. Oh yeah, Randall
I mean, what is up with these people man? Did they got no sense of you already?
These are animal squeezers man. I mean they're out of their minds. I don't understand how come
How come they didn't get upset where they got baby they got babies being tossed in dumpsters
And they're worried about a chicken being dressed up, you know being chased and being fried
I mean, I hate to break the news to them. Guess what chickens do wind up on the grill. Okay. Why don't you remember every day?
Remember the commercial with the cows they were shooting at the chicken sirens or whatever the heck it was back then for beef or
Chicken or how come they didn't get upset about that?
Beats a hell out of me. I don't know. Anyway, any other thing is I read the paper. Yes, maybe they're maybe they're in the wrong religion
Uh, I read in the paper yesterday something about that there's gonna be hard to get cell phone calls and
Yeah, so what's what's the big deal these people can't do it out there?
So I'm gonna say I'm glad you mentioned that because I was gonna talk about that the other day
I am so ecstatic that it's gonna be there's nothing that is
Phoneier or more below anyer than watching assholes on cell phones at a sporting event
I can understand if it's a doctor if it's an emergency call which usually they have a beeper
But uh, but other than that assholes on cell phones it at hockey games and sporting events those people make me want a bar
Leave the damn things home exactly. Well said. This is your buddy stubby. Oh god. Like I said, study
I'll see you. I could be here from you. Okay, I wish I could say the same. Okay, 21 till he's all right. You know
George hates you, but I think you're okay stubby George can't stand you
We have an open line and Broward five six seven oh five sixty and pom five sixty on the eighteen T-Live
Well, you're not Cuban stubby so if you like put on little accent then George would say
I'm at a cone but a cone but I've got wrong. Huh? Oh, he is Cuban
21 before one at five sixty WQM. Okay. What is it? QA whatever it is dead damn places your sports station
Baby, that's our sports time. Yeah sports water sports speaking of water sports and water bids
If you're sleeping on a lumpy bumpy crappy make you a yeah
We are from avian skate to join us. You must wear black
Cut off your nuts and drain toward coca with applesauce and some pho barbeque tile
We will pick up your soul on our own. Oh, you're galaxy. So have your
Impact and be dead when a bob is closest to earth
Thank you
Oh
At
Hound
Man
is not the existence I wanted.
Someone's gonna find us.
Back's back to pocket chains.
Our containers decomposed.
I shoulda give you some phenopharbit, tall.
So don't get me some phenopharbit, tall.
We'd vodka and some apple sauce.
Shots totally into math.
Oh, sucks.
The way it's held back.
When we join our nucks, got shot then we waited for
Hey, hope up.
We for a.
Hope up.
The end of the head explain now we meet up with our space
plate.
Right on the space plate.
Just means you could still be.
I don't know.
I didn't know Brian Andrews was Jewish by the way.
Do you hear what they were talking about on Channel
7 last night that he was wandering around the studios with the.
On his head.
We have two open lines in date 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T wireless line.
Sure missed that old Brian Andrews.
What's that in your mouth?
Here's a coconut grove.
Hello.
I know.
I like to know when you're going to be at border.
Saturday.
Okay, because I have a gift for you.
Saturday.
Saturday no.
Two borders in the gallery.
Gallery, wasn't it?
Where is it?
Yeah.
East sunrise over by the beach right by the gallery.
It's a mall.
Well, it's it's a free stanny, but it's next to the gallery.
Okay.
What time?
No.
No.
Okay, I'll see you there.
I'll be there.
All right.
Okay, we have two open lines in date 5 6 7 0 5 60.
Oh, we finally got some cigars.
We threatened to start smoking other brands.
And John penis.
Yes, I could use a cutter.
It would be very nice.
I don't want to like just chew off the end like some kind of a disgusting, you know, like
some old red neck.
Just chop off the old end, spit it out.
All the way to us, spit it out.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
You never know what you're getting into these days.
You know, you got to be real careful.
Okay, let's see.
Do a little clip here on my, on my part, doma reserve, numero, uno.
There we go.
Now I feel like a real man.
I wonder we couldn't get any goddamn calls on his short last three days.
We're smoking a bunch of bogus cigars.
How do I can people respect you when you got a bunch of crap in your mouth, huh?
Put something good in there.
Look at our deadlines.
Look at them go out as soon as I lift the stoke up.
5 6 7 0 5 60, pound 5 60 on the 18 T wireless line.
Or we're supposed to say Miami date County.
Maybe that'll do it, huh?
305 5 6 7 0 5 60 and pound 5 60 on the 18 T whatever that is.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Miami.
Okay, let's try a mobile.
It was Palm Beach.
Hello.
Hey, Neil. How you doing?
Okay, sir.
I heard you mentioned today this morning about, they're losing the red line for this game tonight.
Mm hmm.
And that's probably not going to fly.
And I hope it doesn't fly.
It's stupid.
And I'm pissed off that they're doing that again that I'm going to go to.
What a wasted time.
Well, I mean, if they want to resort to the roller hockey crap,
let them go ahead and do that to that game.
This is the real game.
Right.
Just leave it alone.
But what I wanted to ask you was, and I had heard that they were going to go back to the standard size crease.
Yeah, well, not the standard size crease.
They've chopped off the edges.
Oh, okay.
So they're going to square it up again.
It's still going to have a blue thing.
No, they're not going to, let me say it again, they're not squaring it up.
They've chopped off the edges on either side of the, uh, the, uh, uh, uh, post.
Of the wall.
Okay.
They don't have that overlap on the post.
Right.
Okay.
Now they're going to extend the back ends behind the net.
They said they're going to widen that that area.
Supposedly, they've already done that.
Really?
Yeah.
Because I'd say if you want to open up a hockey game like, you know, like the European, that's one of the changes they made this year is that they moved it.
I forget how many feet out from the, uh, from the boards.
Well, that'll work because they'll take guys like Ray with you, man.
That'll open their game wide open.
Yeah.
You know, I don't say too much about Ray Whitney.
You know, how these guys are like the other day.
I had my fingers crossed just like you, man.
Right after they signed them as like, come on, come on, don't screw this up.
But anyhow, I'm out of material meal and closing.
DJ, you're a gold-tending douchebag.
Okay, see you pal.
See you there tonight.
Okay, we have one call left in the board and then it's, uh, mo-con, baby.
Well, I guess five six seven, oh five sixty, that's our toll free number for any place in a goddamn world.
Come five sixty on the 18 to wireless life for you, uh, cell phone people.
Here's Tamarack. Hello.
Now, yes, sir.
I had some lady complaining about you at the young kick-or-service is the other day.
Good.
Incredible.
Okay, great guy with the eyes.
Guy with the eyes.
How do you like that?
That's how desperate we are.
We got the old guy with his $25 million bet that Clinton's going to get the impeach.
And then we got the guy with the eyes.
We got the guy with hockey is, uh, is soccer on eyes as a skate or whatever.
His one line is you are the most useless, the most pathetic, the most unbelievable audience in the history of the human race.
It's, it's just pathetic.
All I keep thinking about is that paycheck.
That's the only thing that drives me that forces me that continues to a cause me to go through the motions of getting into that Corvette and showing up in this place every morning and doing this exercise.
Because this week, as of this week, it ceased to be a radio show.
It's now an exercise and agonizing exercise.
One line left on the board here is a mobile in Miami. Hello.
Hello.
Mobile in Miami, yes, sir.
Hey, thanks.
Um, I think just a couple things would you continue to bash the bush, please?
Meaning jet bush, of course, because I can't stand the guy and everything you say about it.
These people don't care about jet bush, Willie Logan, the Jewish journal, no matter what I, what it is that I have to say about it, they got no retort, no response, no interest.
None. And that's why he's going to win in a landslide.
A man who's never been elected dog catcher, he's going to be the governor of the state in a landslide because these people couldn't care less.
I'm afraid you're right, but just keep on bashing the bush once a day if you don't mind.
Another thing, you know how it shows up.
I can't believe that New York, mass crazy, the cause of some down and that's supposedly the highest rated radio show.
All I got news for is the highest rated radio show in this market, two hours got an 11.8 share in the last trend that just came out and is making more money than God.
So what can I tell you how it's doing? Okay, and I guarantee that if Howard opened up the phones, I was asking for people to call him.
He wouldn't be sitting there begging and pleading and carrying on day after day with a highly rated legend show like we're doing here with one call on the board.
Just really pathetic two open lines and date all three lines in power to these people have anything to say about anything.
No, they're out of material.
We used to get guys at the end of a call and say I'm out of material. I'll see you now the whole audience collectively.
She just opened up their window and yell out the window. We're out of material. Have a great life.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T wireless line. Mobile in Miami. Hello.
Yes, sir. Hi, I don't know if you remember. I've been a guy since you a billhick a long time ago.
I was wondering if you ever got to check it out and what you thought.
Well, what do you mean check it out? What is there to check out?
Oh, well, did you I think you're a CB and a tape. He was a comedian. Are you dead now?
But who is Bill? Bill Hick. Bill Hick. Bill Hick. I thought you were talking about an old hockey player. You used to play with a Rochester Amherst.
No, no. Yeah, you mentioned that before. I'm going to have a more name.
No, I haven't checked it out, pal, but I'll get to it one of these years.
Okay, we have two open lines in date 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T line. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello.
Neil. Yes, sir. I heard a promo for you this morning from you this morning. You're talking about Don and Bob's.
Yeah. You know that they recovered the Naga hide and I believe they sold it to some lawyer.
I think, but they, you know, the place you got all new Naga hide. It used to have the holes in there.
What do you mean the holes? The holes in a Naga hide. I can always think of all the high school kids using those holes.
And then they went and put a brand new cover over everything.
Yeah. The high school kids were using the holes for what?
I see your option. Yeah. I must have never said on those spots. I would say.
Oh, don't give me that needle. What? I went up my wife went to Brighton.
Well, we're going to have an argument about whether they had holes in the seats that Don and Bob's.
No, the argument is whether you ever use them or not.
Oh, whether I use the holes. Yeah, I used to use them all the time.
Okay. Okay. Thanks for the good news, sir.
What is this man talking about?
For even having assholes called in here about the Naga hide at Don and Bob's on Monroe Avenue and Rochester.
Oh, man, yet too much of that goddamn chocolate almond for a fudge frozen custard for you, pal.
We have an open line in date five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eight.
I have these people speaking English. No.
What language they be speaking. They're speaking Sanskrit again today.
God.
Here did the high school kids are doing their humping the holes in the seats. Right.
You'll see this guy at Westland and his name will be in a paper next year.
I guarantee you that.
In fact, as soon as this guy walks into Don and Bob, they say we don't want you're doing.
You're looking for glory hole. Right. Here's for Lauderdale. Hello.
For Lauderdale. Meal. Yes, sir.
What would have happened is at the White House if they would have caught Quentin bending over and yes Jackson just right behind them.
Okay, we have an open line in Broward five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18th line.
I guarantee you one thing you to sure got excited. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir.
Neil, I know if you heard this or not, but that he didn't interview with Jennifer Flowers and he asked her whether or not her affair was Clinton was similar to the one that Monica had.
She thought for a second and said close, but no cigar. Yeah, I already had that fell. Oh, well, nice try.
Little late had that one was at 1863. We had that just before Lincoln. We have an open line at day five six seven oh five 60 and five five 60 on the 18th wireless line.
Here's a lady mobile in Pompano. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, ma'am. How are you? I'm doing okay. Okay. Well, I just heard you complaining about not getting any clogged in a long time.
All week long, Monday was okay. First day back from vacation Monday was fine. Mostly with reports about how George did and the rest of the week these people got no material.
None. Two of it was off. Yesterday was worse. And today is the ultimate. I don't want to call in the worst day. I just had that from vacation. Yeah, I went to Michigan and I was around Michigan State,
or something around great. Why do I just can't say hi? I love you and I'll see you borders. Okay, excellent. All right. Okay, she was just an easy balancing.
Not a bad place. Oh, by the way, manage probably is crawling because they beat a girl steam. That's right. Michigan beat this part. Well, I was away big deal.
Lost another girl steam lost an order. They're oh my god. Touchdown Jesus. There it is again right there at the end of that goddamn building on that big chrome dome.
South end. They're doing a deep knee bends in South end. I'll play that because they got a really horse ball team.
This is thanks. Real sick entire of these universities where that's all I know just like turning on this radio station here and all that Gator crap. Man, there's nothing more obnoxious that you can even smell it.
Right to the speaker in your way to what's Gator crap again. Look out.
Crawl 56 at 5 a.m. The Neil Rogers show and Fort Lauderdale. It's the bomb to two hour. Hi, V.
Shot is you got some big bucks. No, not really. So what does it mean? It's a company ticket. Yeah. Yeah. What do you think? What do I think? What?
I think I have a great time. I think two overlines in day one in bread. I think stay home. Okay. Lock the doors and batten down the hatches, baby. Ammunition and can go to two openings in day five six seven.
Oh, five 60 and pound five 60 on a mobile one line. Don't forget our borders appearance. That's over to borders by Galleria.
Borders books and music this Saturday from noon to two. And then next Tuesday, Tuesday, the sixth October pizza loft six to eight p.m. Is that correct?
Uh-huh. Have we ever gotten any written confirmation on that? No. We get to copy that memo of that press release of anything from Sam the Sham or Luan? No. Okay. Just checking.
Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, man. Hello. Yes. Me. Yes. I like your program. Uh-huh. You just tell me like this. It's a fun to be. Yes. So keep up the good.
Okay. Thank you so much. Okay. Okay. Happy. Yes. Circus. Two open lines in day one in Broward five six seven oh five 60 and pound five 60 on a mobile one line.
Here's a mobile in Delray Beach. Hello. Hey, Neil. How are you? I'm great. Good. I have a question. I never hear you talk about that TV show. The Simpson. What do you think about it? Because I don't watch it. Are you don't watch it? Why would I talk about it? Oh, I don't know. I thought maybe you just didn't want to talk about it. I'm talking about what do you mean? Don't like talking about what is there to talk about?
Nothing. I don't like to show either. I would wonder if you if you don't like to show why would you call and ask me how come I don't talk about it? No, I was asking whether you liked it. I didn't know because I don't watch cartoon shows. The only cartoon I like is bullwinkle. That's a quality work. Right. Yeah. That's good stuff. Okay. Have a great life. Okay. Oh, two open lines and date and two in Broward. In other words, Desperado with 55 minutes to go. Can he make it till two? No. They're taking best the odds and Eddie Kaplan's making bets on her right now. No.
The over is the under the ins and the out. No chance. 5 6 7 0 5 60. Pound 5 60. Welcome to the community of conversation, baby. The great conversation list of the world. They all gathered right here at South Florida. No matter what it is you want to talk about. You just throw anything out there and you'll have 50,000 people. But I mean, but I'm a big. I got opinions about it. They got something to say. Am I right? No. Here's a mobile in dear field. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, I'm on what you say. Exactly.
Hey, listen, I got a little story for you. I don't know. The pet shop and across the street is a is a bagel shop there. Yeah. Well, it's a big. Own name. Just like that. But anyway, I just wanted to let you know she had a Brian Trump or sail 75 cents portion. Oh, you don't want to put those on your bagels. Well, they had a couple of people come in there. Looks like locks. Let's have a couple portions of that. Please and came out with the Brian should you can't eat that?
That was disgusting. But anyway, I wanted to let you know that you got a bit and tackle shop. Was that what you said? No, pet shop. Oh, pet shop. Yeah, it's been up to the like fish for eyes. Yeah, why? And a little tiny.
Well, feeding food to the pets might I must be a mess in the tank. It's disgusting looking. You're looking now. It looks like the mom. It looks like Ben and Jury are both in there. Yeah. Oh, it's like fish food. Okay. Thanks for the good news. We have an open line. And day one and
brown at five six seven oh five 60 and pound five 60 on the mobile one line. North Miami Beach. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Love your show. How you doing? Great. I ain't calling for no tickets. Are you?
We don't have any tickets, sir. Not even with discussing. We got no tickets. No ticket. No, Washi. God. No, got it. All right. And that's it. Okay.
Two open lines and date five six seven oh five. Oh, gee. I hit some tickets for that guy too. Is he gone? Damn it. Five six seven oh five 16 and
five six. The animal one line. How come one of these doesn't so there it is because I'm looking in the wrong place. Probably here's Miami. Hello.
Neil, how you doing? Okay, sir. Well, we needed this town is another threat of a non hurricane to shake everybody up. I think that's what the problem is. I think these people are like all spent from the energy that they put out last week.
Now, but I'll tell you I mean I called Georgia a couple times. He did your proud and it was I guarantee he didn't have to beg shamelessly for calls like this all week last week.
Yeah, no, he didn't. No, he didn't. He did. No, only Thursday because there's a hurricane. But the rest of the week there's no hurricane going on today. And you know, I'm kippers all over with. I, you know, I'm not that slow. I am. I'm on to what's going on here.
Well, I'll tell you I'm 23 years as a 22 and a half years in one place as long enough. It's time for me to move on. I'll tell you this place is dead. I mean, it's so depressing. I call
the train. I'm going to tell you some I go to the track last night. I realize it was, you know, young kipper and I'm sick and tired of these funny. All super religious Jews who want to do a days of the year become religious.
That was like a muscle. Lee in their last night. So we could have gotten bowling on the fourth floor at Pompo Park last night. That's how pathetic. I mean, call the other say I mean, even though call the not that great, but whatever. I mean, I got that handcat off yesterday on your kipper. So we could go out and get the handle up there and called her. You try dastardly mesh. Yeah, I don't remember.
You're with the raisins and you know, it seems the chocolate don't don't start. Please I'm big. I'm big. I'm big. The chocolate. That big is a house. The chocolate and that seems a little better than in the fish food. I don't know. They play with the chocolate. Chocolate cherry garcia frozen yogurt. Trust me. I like to. Yeah, I like. Trust me. Like the ice cream. But I don't like the yogurt, but I'm just telling you this particular one chocolate cherry garcia frozen yogurt. You'll thank me for years to come. Neil. I want to take it to go to see the heat play. Mac. I'm.
Tell you got it. Okay. Okay. Two open lines and date five six seven oh five 60 and pound five 60 on the mobile one line. It's one or nine and Q. A. M. I favor to one 14 at five 60 WQ M date counties open five six seven oh five 60 on the mobile one line. Port Lauderdale. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. How's it going? No, it's going great. Just move back from Texas. Yeah, bad move. Yeah, I realize that now. I was wondering what good horse tracks do you recommend around here?
Meaning what? What kind of race? Good racetrack. We'll play some money or something. Good race tracks for what? The horse race. Therapeutic racing. There's only one over at a time. She can go to call her for the third reds. Go to Pomato Park for harness racing. That's it. That's it. Yeah. Oh, man. Oh man. One. Now what's going on? Just dead. Meaning what? How many race tracks do you want to have opened at the same time? How much are going to lose all in one day? They got simultaneously from 600 different tracks all at the same time. Go fund your brains out, pal. Or blow up.
One of the other. Welcome back. We have an open line at Broward and all of date County, all 400 lines in date five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on the mobile one line. I'm going to tell you Tuesday, Wednesday and three quarters of this show on Thursday. These three days, I've talked to more assholes. These three days. Then the last three years put together and that's saying a lot. That's covered a lot of goddamn territory for this show. Three days, not even three full days. And I've talked to more no life, low life people would not
think to say with absolutely no ability at verbal intercourse whatsoever. And I'm almost starting to enjoy it. Dade County, but Dave County, I don't enjoy because it's only on this radio station. This is a cancer or in date County. We're close to the county. I'm thank God for in date County. Do we have any audience in date County? Are the Jamaicans listening to Cuban's listening to the Venezuelans? Listen to the banana boat people. The Haitians listening. They're so on baseball. Did you use the four of more life? No. They're still doing. They're still nailing the mazes is up on the
door. 5 6 7 0 5 60 and pound 5 60 on a mobile one line. Mobile implantation. Hello. Hello, Nielsen. I wanted to talk about specialization last 10 years. Have you noticed where these doctors are getting more and more specialized for specific parts of the body? Right. Go in there. I got to maybe up on the big toe and just be the doctor. Wait. That's on the right foot. You need to see the other. He's a spec. I think I found out specializing is going on.
I found out that there is a hydrologist. Can you imagine the weatherman on the weather channel saying, oh, we're going to go to our hydrologist to get the rain predictions? I mean, what are they going to have a small
car? I'm going to have a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little
a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a
a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a
a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a
little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little
bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit
of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of our little bit of a little bit of our little bit of a little bit of a little bit of water, and now let's get out first. Hey, Zoe, where are you guys coming to this class? Super Uh-Ring in the room.ide of water, see you guys...
As have been on the internet, I had empieza a short way, and our hands were hairy.
It's alone not being able to sell its house for 27.5 million.
Who?
You got to...slice, alone.
Yeah.
The same asshole as yesterday.
Okay, we have an open line in Broward, two of them, and all of a day.
One call on the board. One lonely call after this asshole.
I call yesterday with the same week material.
Oh, well, this time was clear enough I could understand it.
Thank you very much, sir, for getting a better phone.
56670560 and pound 560 on the mobile one line.
Here's the Fort Lauderdale, hello.
Here's a mobile in Cooper City, hello.
Oh, hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Did you touch on...I don't have a lot of stuff.
I touched it.
Did you touch on the damn Quizz and Berry Dying today?
Who?
Dan Quizz and Berry used the pitch for the Kansas City Royale.
Oh, yeah, he died at the age of 45.
I saw it.
Well, when you see that I touch on it, what is there to discuss?
Well, I'll just be glad.
He had a brown thing or something.
Yeah, he was a super pitcher.
And Neil, I'm just trying to call it a failure board, buddy.
Okay, thanks a lot.
You're welcome, sir.
And to say how to Dan.
Well, you know, he's in that big baseball diamond in the sky somewhere.
He's up there with the jury diamond up there in the sky.
We have an open line in Dave.
One in a row.
At 5.6.7.0.5.60.5.60 on him.
I guess what we're going to have to do is we're going to have to go back to polls.
We'll have to come up with topics like bandage killed four hours yesterday.
I knew.
I knew what he was doing at.
It was really a different drag.
Four hours on how come you're not watching Monday at football anymore.
How come the ratings are not what they used to be, etc.
And so on.
When in four seconds you could say,
because the game is tough.
That's why.
Because people don't want to watch a crappy product.
There you go.
Here's a mobile in Kendall.
Hello.
Any odds of going.
Okay.
All right. I guess nobody's in Miami is just a quick response.
I guess there's still scared of a jury still coming by.
Hurricane George.
There's been scared by Branko across there anyway.
I wanted to touch upon what was it that happened about baseball.
What's happened with a Dave County's open 5.6.7.0.5.60.
on a mobile one line.
It's so you keep putting that same jackass on over and over.
That's one of yours again.
You think of me the same one.
They're all the same.
They're all it's one person.
Okay.
It's one person in about 50 million different bodies.
It's all the same little person.
Here's Tamarack. Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Okay.
A few weeks back you were talking about an issue.
Travel leisure magazine with the top cities to visit.
Yes sir.
I wasn't the top cities to visit it was the top cities in the world.
Allegedly, here we are.
You know, we're going to get that.
I was at San Evan, the public's when Dixie Eckers, Walgreens,
and went to a new stand today and I couldn't get it.
I did see a travel leisure magazine today but it said fall and winter issue.
I thought you said it was like a September issue.
Yeah, whatever.
Well, whatever one is out now.
That's the one that it's in.
Okay, because you know, you wasn't on the cover.
Did you look on the cover?
What did it say?
Yeah, it didn't say anything about that.
Then you ride a look.
Okay, can't get it.
We have an open line in Broward all in Dade County, all 20 or 500 lines in Dade.
5, 6, 7, I'm not going to do this.
I'm going to play some music, relax, do some of my commercial breaks.
I worked my ass off these three days.
I've done about 600 days work in these last three days.
Is it been worth it?
No.
Of course not.
Me talk about the inverse proportion of, you know, something in and something out.
You've been so good to me.
Oh yeah.
This world where mine.
I'd give you the flowers.
The birds end up being.
I'm just sitting here, standing in my mind.
It's connected.
You'll be being up there.
You to come.
I'd give you anything.
Why, it's connected.
I beat dynamite up there.
But baby.
So I'm sitting here with my microphone open and I think on the ears, is on the ear out there.
What is it, David?
Danny wants to answer what?
Danny wants to dance for me?
No.
The shoes on too, what?
It's the TV show when you come right down to it.
It's, I don't want to get them up sick because they're already like on the way out.
They're already all, yeah, just an inch away from the unemployment line.
And of course we are going to have a real bad recession, guys.
I don't want to get you depressed.
I don't want to get you like down and out and hit you below the belt when it really hurts the most.
But you know, it's what it is.
Because they're phasing us out there on whammy.
We're phasing us out here on Q&A.
The audience is phasing me out of their lives and I can understand, I can relate to it.
I still got a few nickels to rub together.
126 is 5K.
We have an open line, a date one and an an anemobo one line.
Here's a mobile in line.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
I don't want to be a chronic.
This is the third time I've called since you came over to QAM.
Yeah.
Okay, that doesn't qualify me as a chronic.
No, it sure doesn't.
Well, in the midst of all the excitement about the hurricane, Rick Fancho has had a classic line as only he can have.
Yeah, thank God it wasn't a human's, yeah.
That was an economic problem.
Something like that.
He said that after we've had 600 reports on it.
I don't want to get a feel bad, but we've heard it.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
It's okay, don't be sorry.
Are you going to go to borders anytime soon?
No.
No?
No.
Okay, thanks.
Okay, we have two open lines in date two and anemobo.
56670560, don't forget we'll be in borders by the gallery and four-letter day.
This is Saturday, noon to two.
And pizza love next to the October 6th, 6th, 8th, VM.
Call me again in three years, pal.
Here's a lady in Miami.
Hello.
Lady in Miami.
Hello.
Yes?
Hello, is Neal on?
Speaking.
How are you today?
Okay.
Just wanted to give you a little prediction.
Yes?
This is the first time I called you.
Uh-huh.
And we just want to say that we know that the Christian, the Christian moral majority will get you off the air.
Oh, really?
Yeah, this year.
This year?
Yeah.
How are you going to do that?
Ah, because the Christians are the majority.
Well, what the Christian majority, so called, has been trying to get me off the air for 20 years.
You know what?
I'm still here, sweetheart.
We.
We haven't given up yet.
You haven't given up?
Well, let me ask you something.
Why don't you find something better to do?
Like, go help some starving people.
Go feed some of the homeless people.
How do you know I don't?
I'm positive you don't, because if you're busy listening to the show every day,
worried about getting radio shows off here, you don't have time to be doing anything productive.
Oh.
I'm a good Christian lady.
I'm a good Christian lady.
No, you sound like a bigoted bitch to me.
Oh.
Oh.
Yes?
You don't think you won't be off the air by then, do you?
I guarantee you, but your life on it that I won't.
Well, we'll see what the Christian majority can do.
Oh, we'll see what that was.
The Christian majority, because I've never quite heard that term before.
I've heard of the moral majority.
I've heard of the Christian coalition.
I've heard of the American Family Association.
The Florida family is a...
The Christian majority.
Is that something you just made up in your mind?
The Christian moral majority.
Oh, the Christian moral majority.
The Christian oral majority?
Oral majority?
Oral.
Yes.
Yeah?
Oral, is that what you said?
No.
Yes, you do.
I didn't say that.
You take it up the...
Breakfast room.
You also do that?
You're very mad.
No, I just want to know the truth.
That's all the truth.
You'll set you free.
Oh, okay.
You enjoy sex in the breakfast room.
No.
You don't?
No.
Well, maybe you'll try it.
No.
Oh, yes.
No.
I think so.
Why do you say that?
You know what it says in the Bible?
Those who say, uh...
No.
What they really mean is...
Uh-huh.
That's not true.
That's what it says right there in Leviticus.
Where?
Roy, right on the first page.
Uh-huh.
You better go read your Bible, sweetheart.
You don't know crap.
The Christian moral majority.
Right, we're going to get you off the ear.
It took like 30 seconds to get her to untwist the phone
from her thing before I could finally get her to say hello.
There you go.
Dave County's wide open fives.
That's what we get from Dave County.
That's our contribution from Dave County today.
Oh!
That bitch.
566-705-60 and pound 560 on the mobile one line.
I'm going to show up tomorrow just in spite of you, okay, honey?
Here's a mobile in Hollywood.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Look, I want to tell you about the biggest shambles
that were pulled by Wolley Logan.
You know, there was another Wolley Logan for the politicians.
And this one, the rent out of Opharata.
They never had a meeting.
They never had a personal appearance.
And he got a look on the other men's names.
He can hear about Opharata.
Yeah.
He never had a meeting.
Well, I'll send it back to Opharata.
It's a good place for him, okay?
Him and the abushmyster.
Max made in heaven.
We have an open line.
And Dave wanted to be rowered.
566-705-60, pound 560 on the mobile one line.
Here's a mobile in sunrise.
Hello.
Hey, maybe that lady earlier should get in the wreck.
Maybe she'll be a little happier.
No, she's taken in the wreck.
Don't worry about that.
You think so.
All those Christians, they love it.
Yeah, well, the jury from the majority said you're going to stay.
So that's more important down here.
Yeah, I can talk about the response this week.
I'm going to stay, Max.
Don't be thinking about that.
I was curious if you went to any of the Panther exhibition again.
I'm going tonight.
Did you go to the one before?
No, I did not.
I went out of town.
Did you get the seat on TV at all?
They're not on TV.
No.
I was curious how Sean Berks planned.
Yeah, let me say this to you.
With all due respect.
How guys play any guys play in the exhibition game?
Means absolutely nothing.
Yeah, they're trying to pedal us a big song in a dance.
You do realize now that Kevin Weeks has gone up to play in the Canada,
the Canadian national team, because they haven't been able to sign them.
And as Agent wants ridiculous amounts of money.
So really what they're stuck with now, they got Sean Berk and Kirk McLean.
Berk and Jerk is what they got in gold.
And I'm going to tell you something.
We got real problems.
We're going to be letting a lot of puck.
That's right.
Thank you.
Okay, good luck to us.
I mean, I realized that they would like to have made some other deal.
They thought they had Richter.
They thought they had Poppant.
They thought they thought V and you always think something and jump in the
Come Shop and don't happen.
And they're going to make you a big song in the dance about Sean Berk.
And yeah, he's one of those guys who for a couple of games here,
a couple of games there, very impressive and give you the idea that hey,
this guy's really something as opposed to Kirk McLean who once in a while might
play a really good game, but not very often.
And that's what they got.
And they kept telling us they were going to approve the gold tending,
to which we say, yeah, right.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
No, yes, sir.
Hey, I knew you were used to Republican.
You know what I'm voting Democrat this year.
Great.
Okay.
Congratulations, amigo.
And we're tracing the call.
They'll be coming after you.
We have an old effect that lady, that Christian lady because Christian Republican
is synonymous now in America.
She'll be coming after you, sir, and showing you what's for.
She'll get your ass off the year.
5 6 7 0 5.
That's right.
You'll get his show off the guy damn air before she gets ours off.
5 6 7 0 5 6 the in pound 5 60.
They Christian moral majority.
Good old Christians, baby.
Christian bigot.
Is that what you're saying, lady?
Good old bigot and Christian because as soon as they start talking Christian,
you know what they're talking about.
Hate.
That's right.
We hate this one.
We hate that one.
We don't like what you say.
Therefore, we're going to censor.
We're going to get you off because we can't handle the truth.
Because we should be the only ones to propagandize in Philly, a public with all our bull crap.
Nice going, sweetheart.
Crap.
And by the way, don't get sore about it.
Crack go, no they're either.
20.
