Sport Radio 560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers Show.
Oh, right!
Talk to Neil called 560-560 toll free, redained and rarer, or count 560 on your cell phone.
Select them.
The opinions of Neil, his guests call his or-
Anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM, easily read acquisition,
or the Beasley Broadcast Group.
Now, Neil Rogers on Sport Radio 560-2AM.
Some great match of the four,
or will you buy for free, Miami?
Well, all right!
Sport fans?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
It mixes it all up.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
It puts them both together.
It puts the lotion in the basket,
when the eyeball falls out,
it puts the lotion in the basket.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
It's what I have to get.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
It needs to rub it on my brush.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I have to dry clean my skin, so it puts the lotion in the basket.
I said, dog, where?
I switched my TV in my legs, I said, dog, where?
I like to dance around this way.
Mommy!
What the lads?
What do they say?
Mommy!
I want to look more like a wolf.
My name is Pablo Bell.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
It makes it more efficient.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I hold my PPE.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
How much does it grow?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I got my skin so liberal, like I said.
I want to look more like a wolf.
I want to look more like a wolf.
I want to look more like a wolf.
I want to look more like a wolf.
I want to look more like a wolf.
I want to look more like a wolf.
I want to look more like a wolf.
I want to look more like a wolf.
Happy holidays from Buffalo Bill and all your pies on.
There you go.
It's a 10.02.05.60 WQM.
Happy Tuesday to be born.
It's getting really close.
Getting really close.
Close to what you might ask.
You have a couple of days off here in there.
That's what's getting real close to.
Sounds good to me.
So I'm just going to, because I know it's going to be really
ponderous all week long.
It's going to be going, and I don't want to pee on your parade
because I did watch very objectively last night.
I saw most of that game.
And word not for the fact that the officials are blind.
And it may be, you know, you have to really start questioning some integrity there.
You can't do that directly, but in your mind, you have to start wondering.
You have to really start wondering.
But nevertheless, had it not been for that, it would have been a blow-off.
And a lot of people could have left a lot earlier and they got a lot more sleep last night.
It would have been a total blow-off, which brings to mind the tremendous front-running
ponies that we have out there.
Because if you have any kind of memory at all, unless your Alzheimer's is totally kicked in
and you remember last week at this time, at this very same time.
Especially that at Morning Show.
Boy, you talk about front-running ponies.
Not only the collars, but some of the people on the air there too.
I don't want to mention no names because it's the holidays.
Boy, oh boy.
They have the no-wide receivers.
They've got nobody can catch the ball.
And Danny is this and Danny is that and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
And all of a sudden, we're talking super-bull.
You know, it's just sad.
It really is.
It's really sad.
Here's a guy who's done such a great job in his time for so many years.
And he's still got all those detractors out there.
And if he has one game where he doesn't play like a lunatic, then right away,
ah, he's no good.
He's a statue.
I'm up, I'm eight, but I'm eight.
So there you go, Danny.
It's that kind of a town.
Nobody gets it.
Just like the Beezer comes back after five outstanding years here.
Or at least four and a half anyway.
And they boo him.
That's the kind of town it is.
What have you done for me lately?
What have you done for me in the last five goddamn minutes?
I'm going to attend you though.
We had a tremendous surprise in the mail this morning.
That makes all of that pale into wind significance.
All of that football craft pale into insignificance.
Come in here.
There's about four or five envelopes, which are three of them are checks for center one,
three or four.
But the third one I opened up was $500 from, um, $500 bucks from Buddy.
What's the name of this place?
Gee, I wrote it down with how is the name of this joint?
It's, uh, my buddy's catering, which they're all over the country.
They're in New York, LA, Miami.
So thanks a lot, buddy.
It says, uh, please say thank you to Jeffrey, my partner.
I didn't know I say the mind till now and it's not probably too happy about it.
Thank you, buddy.
So that was $500 bucks and I thought, boy, that's really great.
Especially after yesterday doing great in the van again up in Boka.
I open up the next check.
And I don't like giving last names out on the air because a lot of times people prefer to remain anonymous.
So Jim and Fort Lauderdale, how do we say thank you?
I mean, there's no way I open up the next check.
And this is a guy who had called George a few days ago when we had 90 grand and we were like 10,000,
short of 100 grand and says to George, oh, I'm going to send the 10,000 to make up the difference to get you over the mark.
And of course, you know, people can call on the air and say any, you know, anything they want.
And you say, oh, yeah, okay, great.
Thank you so much and you're like snickering, you know, snickering.
So I open up the next check and there it is from Jim and Fort Lauderdale, $10,000.
What a guy, huh?
I would give his last name, but he may not want me to.
And then that's the last thing I wanted to do is pitch off somebody that donated spending their names on this too.
I took a razor blade.
My name is on it too.
If that's the center one, care of me, Rodgers.
I bet you thought it was real creative.
Yeah, I'm not, I'm not that sure right now.
But keep it in mind.
So there you go.
We've got believe it or not.
Did that this defying all logic defying all the experts out there who said it couldn't be done?
Why did they know they don't have no Phil Henry CD and Rick and Spud and about to be put.
Oh, by the way, speaking of Rick and Spud before I get into all the trackers out there.
Yeah, she's going to be out this afternoon.
I should put them over the top.
I'm stupid talk.
You know, talk about stupid.
Anybody that's running a radio station that doesn't give the callators.
That to me is always a real, real smart move.
What I'm talking about.
In other words, they've taken the callators because they put this loosely knit network of misfits.
Whatever, I'm not talking about all the people on here, although some of them certainly fit in the category.
But it's like W and Z, which of course were some of the great callators in this town for many, many years, right?
W and S in New York, W and Z in Miami wins as opposed to W L O L U Z, which it's turned into.
Maybe that's why they don't want to give the real colors.
Maybe it's lose radio.
I'll lose it.
So you look at the numbers and they're like miniscule and they don't give the callers out.
It's stupid talk.
So Peter Boulder is shuffling the direct the deck again.
And the staff to know there she will be from three to seven.
Better watch it, Hank.
Oh, yeah.
Like I said yesterday, the Humphors got some real stiff competition there.
She flopped the first time, but suddenly somebody hit her with a, what kind of a stick?
No, not an ugly stick.
That was a long time stick.
A talent stick.
Anybody out there got a talent stick?
No.
Yeah, they stuck a talent stick deep inside her.
Correct.
Now all of a sudden she's going to be a real, yeah, she's going to be hysterical.
She's not going to be so jappy and so New Yorkie and so offensive and so impossible to loosen to.
Anybody believe that?
No.
And then Rick and Sput across the going the mornings right after the first year.
I noticed this morning coming in now maybe maybe John Ford might be on vacation as possible.
And that brought that they had on with him.
But I noticed the anxious Mike Church who's kind of like the utility guy that they throw in there to fill in when they got blank spots all the time.
He was doing this morning on stupid talk.
So maybe John Ford is like already gone since they all hate him like poison over there.
John Ford, what was the, what?
I just got a really shocking story for it.
Yes, that Brooke resigned yesterday after ripping you.
What do you mean she resigned after she resigned?
I've never done it.
As in she won't be on or or she'll she resigned from what she was on yesterday.
I thought she started today.
I don't know.
That's what we heard.
Yeah.
This person said she resigned yesterday of ripping you.
So maybe she'll just be on after ripping me for what?
For ripping her.
I guess for ripping her because she's no talent and it was a run call but it's not annoying.
And it was what?
I hit and run call that I just got the toned very sincere.
So she's a, I see that's probably a scam.
And that's probably like a, we're being set up to give a lot of people a tune in there three o'clock today.
So she's really on.
And of course if she is, it'll be a real, you know, there she is.
Okay, turn back to Hank.
I mean, how could she resign before she even starts is she doing a Bob Livingston?
Is that what that's all about?
But obviously for other reasons, I would think.
Wouldn't you?
Ripping me for what?
Because I don't want her calling my house.
I don't care.
How many times did you see her?
Do we know her?
Really?
Do we know?
We worked with her for what?
About five minutes over at Paxton.
And I'm supposed to know this woman and oh, well, I came here because of you.
I just find that was a bad mistake then sweetheart because I don't know from you.
And I don't like your stick and you're like a bargain basement Randy Rhodes.
I went that great to begin with.
Who's very annoying and impossible to listen to.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
That chap, you stick it just doesn't make it.
You know, I remember when the bulls your first brother really says me, oh, she's a broad.
He's a broad.
You know, like somebody wants to hear like a Rosio Donal of radio.
No guys don't want to hear that.
Nobody wants to hear that.
She was on yesterday.
She was on her other spy report and playing our no-drop.
But I think that's still in the system.
She was playing our drop-in to over there.
So she was on yesterday and she resigned.
Let's get some spy report.
She wants that as spectacular audience over there.
If we only had like one call.
And you notice now there's no radio column anymore.
I was thinking that coming in this morning.
Well, do we long for the days of Sherry Woods and Linda Thornton.
And back before Tom Jicca got too big for his British when he used to write about radio and TV.
But now of course he's too big for radio.
So you just write about TV.
Do you realize the last two rating books there hasn't been one little story in either paper about the ratings in the spring of the Asama book?
That we both did that we did so well?
Nothing.
By the way, Trent today.
At what time?
Or 230.
I'm gonna stick around for that, right?
Good bye, old you two.
Rimes with Titsune.
And you fell off your exercise by again.
Then you died and lied around for most of the day.
How and the hell else can you say?
Good point.
Good bye, I-O-D.
The memories are there.
Oh, that's left of a station that once had been.
And for A.M. that was quite a claim.
Constant action were in vain.
To blow it all in.
When they built those condos and blocks that tower off.
You'll be lowered down into your grave.
And you were great at one time.
But now you sound more like a signal drifting in the wind.
And you'll never see numbers you can sell again.
Get clear-channel notes what they're doing.
What show they see.
What snow would miss the days anymore.
Because they really see.
Good bye, I-O-D.
Let go of Gregor.
Stoop the proof there is a rest of that retardant team.
That remains a tax and so proceed.
Clear-channel has a scheme.
But it's clear to see that despite all their corporate and dignified.
I can't hide the fact without really got a crappy deal.
And you were great at one time.
But now you sound more like a signal drifting in the wind.
And you'll never see numbers you can sell again.
Get clear-channel notes what they're doing.
What show they see.
But no one's listening anymore.
Because they really see.
What show they see.
Gregor, while we're playing this piece of crap.
And that is that Peter Boulders got a perfect record.
He's gone PD-04 lifetime.
He has never failed to fail.
Going back to the Zeta days when he was the program director.
And of course the only hit show was the morning show.
With the burden Captain Dave and yours truly that was the only hit show.
The rest of the day we're doing like grotesque numbers.
And then of course he moved over to the AM and they started vanishing in the woodwork.
And then he was with the light bulb which of course now rest in peace.
Vanished into what it would work.
And of course all the people who worked over there told me that they were doing much much worse when he was there.
Then they did before when they were kind of like on their own.
Once he stuck his fine finger in there and started shuffling that deck and moving everybody around.
I wonder who's deck is bigger over there.
And now here he goes with stupid talk.
And here's a great fact by the way.
So we only had two calls about that.
Off the ear one of them allegedly from the inside of spy report about how Brook Daniels was under yesterday and resigned.
And there's not going to be something like that.
I'd like to get the definitive story on that.
Does anybody like to ask you want that a gigantic audience over there yesterday?
If you only get two calls, two spy reports about it.
If she was really on it all.
But here's somebody factures them a thing and sends me a coffee. It says urgent.
For the first time in more than six years I have nothing to listen to on talk radio in the afternoon.
Obviously somebody's not a sports nerd.
I can't believe that you replaced the talented Rick and Suds for that big interchangeable zero called Brook Daniels as in gladly work.
Then you want to talk to listeners intelligence by running promos herding the return of Brook as if she's some huge talent.
Oh, she's huge all right.
And there's been some sort of demand for her. Give me a break gentlemen. It says.
It's mathematically impossible.
But your company has made the wrong decision in each case regarding WIOD.
And what is now WIOD super talk?
You would have thought that at least once you would stumble into the wrong answer.
But that just isn't the case.
From losing Phil Henry and Neil Rogers and hiring a bunch of no talent outsiders.
Scoot who you agree to pay $100,000 in which there was not one host that was even remotely entertaining.
Instead they just all followed the same list of his and idiot format.
If that wasn't bad enough you get the stronger signal that all news format.
And that stations lucky if it gets a two share.
Now this crap was Rick and Suds back in the morning and this no talented automaton chattering away in the afternoon.
How is this possible? Every change has made things worse.
But that is the case. So what's this here?
I seriously hope that those in charge of the decision making at queer channel communications formally packed into the past two years.
Our fired have a miserable Christmas and the year from hell.
Unsigned.
How do you like that? Something a little bit distraught. It would appear to me.
So are we going to get the real story on that? Come on.
We need some spy reports. There's other stuff going on besides the goddamn dolphin game on your front running phonies out there.
Oh Danny boy. You know, give me a break a week ago.
They were slicing him up a big fat ass. They were carving up like a Thanksgiving turkey.
And now he goes out there last night and like I said, if it weren't for the worth officiating in history of the national football league all in one game by the same boneheads that consistently have been grotesque.
And you know, they keep having these discussions about replay it about this.
How about you get somebody under the age of 100 would be good to go out there to officiate games like you really cared.
But if it wouldn't have been for that, it would have been a blowout.
They would have just blown then we're right off the field last night with even reasonable officiating.
We get all these front running phonies out there. Well, Danny sucks. Oh, now he's great.
Next week you'll suck again if they lose an Atlanta.
Really phonies. And of course last night there was a very important sporting event.
It took place at Maple Leaf Gardens in Toronto.
Final score Pittsburgh, Penguins won Maple Leaf 7.
Oh! As the least continue to be a gigantic scoring machine.
You can hear foster hewits squaking from the outer world from that big hockey from the gondola up in the sky.
You can hear foster hewits squaking making little squaking sounds and built he would right behind.
Here's a great article by the way.
There are all these different articles pro and con in and out.
Now that the Republicans are scrambling, their opinion polls keep going higher and higher and higher for Bubba.
No more Bubba myces is what they're saying. We like Bubba without the myces.
That's right. That's what they're saying.
Didn't you hear that? That's not a front page of the New York Times today.
Then that AM Rosenfall man. I think the Jews out X communicate him.
From New York Times real right wing asshole.
But at any rate so I'm picking the one article that makes sense because I happen to agree with it and it does make sense.
Bob Herbert writes in the New York Times, the GOP has become party of fanatics.
He could have taken this right for me.
He says in the end the will of the people met nothing.
Bob Livingston couldn't have been clearer about that. His minds and the minds of his followers were closed.
Even as the bombing continued in Iraq and Americans from coast to coast were clamoring for an alternative to impeachment.
Even as his own adulterous past was being flushed out in the grotesque invasions of privacy that inevitably followed the relentless purine, purine pursuit of the president.
Even as the country began to contemplate the destructive effect of a lengthy and bitter senate trial,
the speaker designated arrogantly and stupidly proclaimed, let us disregard the outside influences.
The radicals on the hill would hear nothing but the echoes of their own fanaticism in peach and peach.
The Republicans will pay a huge price for their brazen utterly partisan attempt to drag a president from the White House into fines of the will of the people.
He says Bob Herbert. He says the GOP can no longer conceal that it is a party of extremists, of right-wing absolutist, a party out of step for the political and cultural orientation of most Americans.
Bob Livingston may be leaving but his arrogant comment can still serve as his party slogan, let us disregard the outside influences, let us disregard the people.
Great column there by Bob Herbert and the God damn New York Times repurring in your hair all this morning.
I do like that.
Nice going there Bob. It says it exactly like it is. The popularity of the... can't complain about the popularity of the Republican party because there isn't any anymore, okay?
They are in the minus column. In fact it just said they old points.
Hey that is right, it said how about the Republican popular? Oh our poll just showed that they are at old points. They are in the minus kind of like a stupid talk.
So the trend is coming out this afternoon in 230. So that will kill a good show tomorrow, that will be good.
During these holidays as we do all request this week and next week we will have the van out again. I am assuming today no doubt.
Huh? Because now we can go for 125 grand for sure.
Let me say to you again, 120,529 dollars. All those detractors out there. How little bald-headed buddy Nebun is doing over there at the Sunstannel huh?
With the four heads on the middle of the fore heads on the middle of his hair. That is right, little shrippy, a piece of turd.
Who comes up to most people, that is right, and I will start looking right now. Oh that corrosive talk host.
Like I said, let's just keep raking in the money for a cent or one and if they don't know if nobody wants to acknowledge it, that is fine with us because the money will go to a good cause.
They will get it and the whole audience understands and knows about it and that is all accounts.
Here is a mobile in Miami. Hello.
Hello.
Yes sir.
Yeah Neal, I was just listening on Spanish station talk radio.
See?
There is a new thing by the gangs. What they do is that night they sit in a waiting car and put their headlights off.
Yeah.
And the first person that tells them that first good to marathon, that tells them to turn on their headlights, they have it there which has been initiation and they have to go and have to shoot that car.
Great.
So I just thought that you know you left everybody alone and all the signals out there know that. Thank you.
Okay, thank you.
Okay, thanks for the good news.
Whatever you said.
Okay, another crank call.
Okay, two open line waited all that time for that.
Yes, I understand. Thank you very much.
I appreciate it very much.
A 560, 705, 60, 05, 60, 05, 60, the animal mobile one line.
Any reports on the Brookbyster?
Nobody was looking at that yesterday?
I mean that's shocking.
You know because basically speaking this is a talk show and that's supposed to be your talk station like Ronda clock, stupid talk.
And we had like one inside spy report, one from outside and that was it.
So they must be really doing some kind of a fantastic stuff.
Maybe we just thought how many were just the looting ourselves.
Here's a lady in derail.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
I didn't hear it at all.
I wasn't listening.
Yeah.
But I did want to say one thing.
Yes.
The new speaker that has thick Nate, the one that they're looking at for this speaker has John.
Yeah.
X-X wrestling coach.
Let's see now.
I wonder what's going to come out of the woodwork there.
Oh, yeah, wrestling coaches.
We know about all those race players.
That's not about that.
That's all I have to ask.
Okay.
Thank you.
We'll start grappling with that.
Okay.
Start thinking about that, boys and girls.
You know about those wrestlers, don't you?
Do we know about them?
Do we?
Uh-huh.
Okay.
Thank you.
560, 705, 60, 05, 60 on the mobile one line.
Here's Kendall.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Good.
I just want to tell you, I've been listening to you since August.
We've gotten here from Rhode Island.
Yeah.
And I've got a couple of your CDs and I'm bringing them home to my friends.
Great.
Thank you very much.
You bet.
Okay.
Oh, that's it.
Okay.
They're just in the run today.
Very short, very sweet.
Let's talk about that game last night, shall we?
No.
Not mean to hockey game.
560, 705, 60, 05, 60 on the mobile one line.
It's all request Tuesday.
It's the holidays.
But it's going to be just like yesterday.
I'll just play the record again.
Okay.
Our people, they got nothing this way.
In fact, it was funny because on Saturday, at the hockey game, people were saying, because we had the impeachment stuff was going on.
They were drafting two articles of impeachment against the El Presidente.
And we were dropping a bomb center rack.
And people kept coming up to me at the games and boy Monday, you're sure going to have a lot to talk about.
And yeah, I had a lot to talk about yesterday.
Did the audience know they have anything to talk about today?
No.
Except for running phone.
He's super boy.
He can smell it.
Can't you?
Can you smell that bowl?
It's not the bowl you're thinking of necessarily being almost smell like bowl right around the edges.
5, 6, 7, it's our last call for calls today.
And then I'm playing the Christmas rack.
Okay.
Playing all the meals, favorite hits.
Yeah, as we sit there with an empty board.
Isn't this incredible?
And you'll listen this morning just one after another, the smart running phone is,
Oh yeah, Danny, you're the best.
We're kicking ass.
We're going all the way.
We, we, there's that we again.
You know what?
I wonder who, I wonder who the hell they picked that up from, huh?
Especially on the morning show on this station.
We, we, we, yeah.
We, we, we're great.
We're number one.
26 after 10 at 560 WQM.
It looks like the lotion in the basket.
Kate, tell, present over 748 of the greatest songs of love.
This facility of a lady in your life by Jerry Lewis.
Lady, when I hit you, I say,
Yeah, how many love songs for your lady, all interpreted by the love,
I sure, himself, that's a different story.
Okay, Jerry Lewis.
I don't get your favorite lady love song.
Lady, lady, lady.
Lady, lady, a cross by big red bed.
It's an amazing company of up 748 love songs for your lady,
all digitally remastered and all performed by the masterful superstar,
Jerry Lewis.
I, this is Jerry.
I hear you join me on K-Tel Records.
I'd be very special musical tribute to the lady.
You'll get this arrow-smith classic.
And, and, you'll look like a lady.
And, and, you'll look like a lady.
It's Jerry.
It's the little old lady with a pair of tweezers.
And, Helen, what is it?
Never sounded better.
That ain't no way to see the lady.
It's the little lady, the woman.
And, look, Jerry, the amazing interpretation of this super hit
from the king of fame.
You are the lady with my wife today.
You're the lady with you too.
You are the lady with a knight in your dress.
Yeah, how about that man?
That's 748 fabulous lady songs.
I'm 35 CDs or 120, 38 track tapes.
All remixed and glorious models from the original cassette masters.
And, as a collection, you'll terminate your friends' beloved
and your lady will never forget.
It's all yours for 70 CDs.
It's only 32.95.
And, that's all from Payton Records.
You can tell it, Payton.
We go.
1032 at 560 WQM, you can also tell that you're getting a little bit overweight
when they need crowbars and plywood to get you out of the house.
Like that 800 pound woman in somewhere up in Broward.
I don't have the story.
For some reason, I scoured my paper this morning.
I can't find the story.
But, it's all over the place.
She's in critical condition in a Broward hospital.
And, they also, by the way, couldn't get her into the hospital room.
The emergency crew at the hospital had to do their work outside.
And, I guess they had removed door frames and the dropper through a crane.
You're starting to get a little bit.
You need to get out of the house once in a while when you...
They said she hadn't been out of the house for years.
So, see if her other would have just not gone off the air
and started doing all this political crap.
If he would have stayed on one more season with that other tablet show,
maybe we could have gotten her out of the house.
800 pounds, okay?
Making even our goldstein look like Rumble's still still on a bad day.
Here's another great story.
Man, and I want you to listen very carefully to this about American justice.
Man convicted of raping Fionce.
He later married.
Bella Fonte, Pennsylvania.
Is that named after Harry?
A man was sentenced to 15 to 32 years in prison on Monday
for kicking in his Fionce's door,
taking her hostage at gunpoint and raping her,
even though the woman married him 27 days after the attack.
Shane A. Dawson, 35, was convicted in October
of attacking his Fionce during a nine-hour standoff in 1997
because she had tried to end her relationship.
The woman, 21, whose name was not released,
changed her story at the trial saying she accused Dawson under pressure from her family,
but the jury found him guilty anyway.
Oh!
And said, okay, 15 to 32 years.
That is justice.
For justice, you know who we have to go see Dawson.
Because if you want to go to the court system,
forget it.
If you want real justice, you go see...
Long story on.
That's right.
F&A, as they say, in a big time.
Okay, let's try coconut grove.
Hello.
Good morning, Neil.
Yes, sir.
A happy holidays to you.
And the same to you.
I hope you're feeling better today after that lengthy tirade against those bimbos yesterday
that, you know, I caused a view of the show the other day.
You know, if you could have only seen these two women dressed in their black outfits
like they were going to a funeral,
they looked like something out of great expectations.
You know, all we needed was the cobwebs.
A lot of local likes.
Hopefully.
No, it's not.
Neil, I have a request at the spirit of the holidays.
Yes, sir.
Could you play a polka-hide?
Okay.
Hey, thanks a lot.
And have a happy.
You too.
Okay, so I'll request weeks.
Because obviously these people, they got no material this week.
All they want to talk about is it's the Dawson Super Bowl.
Come on, let's play that.
Let's show we play a little bit of that.
About the 20 or 30 second.
Here we go.
Miami has a parade.
There you go.
And how about now?
First, it was the class that animated Disney Adventure.
Polka hunts.
Now, hot on its heels comes the live action sequel.
Richard Simmons is Polka Hainey.
Welcome to Camp Bonnet, fella.
The first off-sort of life style summer camp for a dolphin.
Now, I'm your head counselor.
Polka Hainey.
Are there any questions?
Yes.
You need Polka Hainey.
Do you have a little Indian in you?
No.
But the night's still young.
Wow.
That's serious, man.
Let's get some sleep now.
Tomorrow we'll be up at the crack of dawn.
By the way, have you met my brother, Dine?
Stand up and introduce yourself.
Richard Simmons is Polka Hainey.
He's in a camp wanna, fella.
The campfire isn't the only thing that's flaming.
Oh, okay, guys.
One more weenie and I'm gonna get it.
I'm thinking of him.
Where has he been?
He's been flowers gone.
He's got a black corn and I don't care.
He's got a black corn.
All right.
Now I'll show you how to make tomorrow.
First, you pack the bag.
And the marshmallows.
And now, Graham, come here, Graham.
Oh, God.
You'll hear fascinating campfire stories.
Alice Cors, my great uncle was a little big horn.
He was very close to General George Armstrong Custer.
They were actually dating, Toyer.
I'm glad you came together.
The general was quite around.
I guess you could say my uncle was there
for Custer's second class.
On the fifth green this summer,
it's Polka Hainey, co-starings in J. Bullock
as little big swallow.
Wow.
I sure do enjoy the great back.
I mean the outdoors.
The campfire is full.
Polka Hainey, can I ride in your Jeep?
Sure.
Can you ever ridden in a charity?
No, but I want French kiss and earacorn.
Oh, God.
I'm also starting down below these as fitting bull.
Charles, Miss and Riley as fitting bull.
And Chuck Berry as squatting bull.
I'm also starting to shoot doggy dog as Geronimo Fult.
And featuring a special cameo appearance
you won't want to miss.
Hey, isn't that same-deterny Robert Shapiro?
Yes, I am a counselor here.
But you're not an Indian.
Yes, I am.
What tribe?
What else?
I'm going to take you to an Indian stuff.
With Polka Hainey from Dutch school fixtures,
right at the end of the day.
2211 at 560 WQIM.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Neil?
Yes, sir.
Just have some pizza lost.
Do you have any point videos left for nothing?
Okay, it's going to be a great day today, baby.
560-7-0560, pound 560 on the mobile one line.
Where are we going next?
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Hollywood.
Yeah, how are you doing, Neil?
Good question.
I don't know, sir.
The vertical is still out.
Okay, I got a good joke for you.
You got a one?
What joke for you?
Okay, sure enough.
560-7-0560, pound 560 on the mobile one line.
21 before level.
I'm just going to play the record.
There's no point in even trying these calls today.
These people are a wackdown, baby.
They got nothing to say.
We were rolling along for weeks on in.
We're rolling along, singing a song.
We're raising tons of cash for a center when everything is going along well.
And all of a sudden, man, like happens, every night, it's like a demolition derby.
Do you want to talk show in this time?
Every once in a while, you just run smack it to a brick wall, bam, like that.
And that's it.
So it's the homilies, it's hectic.
They're very busy.
They got no material.
I mean, we already got impeachment.
And we're bombing Iraq.
And you know, they want to talk about the goddamn dolphins.
And they're going to win the Super Bowl.
All these very, very loyal things to really consistent.
They really understand what they're looking at.
21 before level at 560 WQM.
Floridian, dumb ab search.
Oh, there's an oven trouble now.
There's bad news yet.
Now it would be different.
Oh, that's what this is.
It's dangerous.
It's dangerous.
It's dangerous.
That's what it is.
It's dangerous.
I'll come with this dangerous, dangerous, dangerous.
I'm going to get spanked.
It's where it comes.
She's saving this dress.
Not a low-life skull.
It smells like you can do.
Where's a parade for a hat?
Where's the size 14, too?
Because she's so goddamn mad.
That's what she's at.
It is.
She's my bad Brad.
But she can hold on my leg.
Just the way I do it.
That's what we just made dress.
Same dress.
Word for it.
Oh, I've been with a state dress.
That fat bitch ass.
Because I let her know that you're doing it.
That's a good thing.
Same dress.
Same dress.
Same dress.
Same dress.
So, which fat woman with the same dress.
Same dress.
Same dress.
That's what we just made dress.
1045 WQM.
I think we spend the next three hours and 15 minutes talking about those two bitches at the borders on Saturday
There you go. That'll kill some good time
By the way, thanks to my good close personal friend Bruce Davidson from Don Green poultry in Opalaka who came by within it with a case
Not just with like a couple little boxes a case of my taisen the season D strips and a bunch of vegetables too
And some beverages that you can't have. Oh, and a bunch of stuff for George is what he's trying to say in other words
Stuff with sugar in it. Thanks a lot Bruce and happy whatever your celebrating. Okay, 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a mobile one line
Are real fly open or yesterday and today? So are they gonna go out to Western today or what? Yes good?
Lou is going on. Lou is gonna go out. Okay, so you don't have to worry about getting hit on by Chris or Sam
Lou is gonna take the QA and van some art to Western
We'll tell you exactly where and we'll raise some more money. We did 320 bucks at the game last night of gate G
So our total now is 120,000 849 and
We're gonna do over 125 grand you could bet your life on it not mine, but yours
Unbelievable nice gone guys
Here's a lady in North Miami. Hello
Lady in North Miami
Going once I know yes, man
Communications problem today. Yes, I love you and I love you so I have a request. Yeah, can you put on dick deck?
Okay
And I think those don't get stuck. Yeah, okay, okay, go next tomorrow. Okay, have another one
Come on, okay, have another one. Go bottoms up
Not even 11 o'clock in the morning again. She's already in the bag 5 6 7 0 5 60
Here's my last play of the day. We got one call on the board and it's got is there gonna be this way all the way through
Till new years. Oh great. Like I said, man. I could think of so many places to go between now and then
Here's Margate. Hello
Uncle Neil. Yes, sir. Yes. I saw the story last time the news about the 800 pound lady. Yeah, they had to bring in a flatbed
To truck to take it to the hospital and what when they got to the hospital the news crew followed it there and it started pouring rain on
I'm right. So they had to cover with the tarp. Yeah, I mean that not a blanket building
You're like it like a like a baseball diamond
It's hard to put out the tarp on it. Hey, I get a little pp park. I get a quick request
When you get to be about 800 pounds, it's time to start to get a it's like just before you start getting to the point where you can't get through the doorframe
That's the time to start getting out of the house a little bit like maybe once or twice a week
I get a quick request. Yes, sir. Could you play
Elvis meeting for the holidays? You know what I'm talking about Elvis Claus. Yes, okay. Well every day. Okay, I have a great day
I think mine's bigger. I've seen your deck. It's not bigger. When did you show you a deck over at his house?
I was on his deck. You wrote his deck. It was before your deck your deck is thicker my deck was pretty firm then you had a rock hard deck
It's softer now when we got his deck one summer for how long did you enjoy it at the time?
But my deck's bigger. What is it with you guys in your deck? How many decks have you been on on?
Does it matter? You just can't get enough deck can you yours is the biggest and the best okay?
I must do love my deck. Oh, let me kiss it. I'm gonna kiss you back. Oh, yeah, kiss my deck, baby and
throw kids. Ah rub my deck. This is really kinky. What? I've never seen a woman climb on another man's deck and rub his heart deck and
Stroke his form back. Does it turn you on? You never did that to my deck. I love his deck. Oh, yeah, baby suck my deck
Mmm, yeah, love my deck deck sucker. Oh, what's blantern? Just swallow never
Girl love big hard decks on a man girls don't like tiny rough decks
Big thick decks available at decks decks. See your yellow pages a teenager who was step-to-step
Friends parents while wearing a black robe and white mask like the attacker in the slasher movie screen 2 was sentenced on Monday to 45 years in prison
Oh, that is swim 16
think earth when
Indicated he was influenced by movies net his reality and fiction started to intertine this were to turn he 10 Scobie said
Swim and played a guilty debataly and attempted murder for wounding Eugene and Debbie night Jean or home on July 27
Debbie actually was seriously wounded in the neck or husband a police officer had less serious wounds
Well, he started movie. He's a he's a too bad Ellis Rubin could again on that one movie intoxication, baby
How's Ronnie's a more doing by the way?
Here's a mobile in Palm Beach hello. Hello, ma'am. Yes, sir listen. I love you, but I got to tell you between you and every poor by Dwight
A lot of down. I mean you just killed the tea rooms here in this town
Hello, what are you talking about? Well, are you a tea room cruiser? Is that it you're a tea room pervert? Yeah?
Okay, trace the call George
Okay, one call left on the board and exit five six seven oh five sixty sets that's what you call a stop in the trade
SOT sorry old troll here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello
Yeah, come here or so Q sorry old queen. Yes, sir
It's not good in the basket or else it keeps the lose again
It rubs the motion on its skin
Yeah, listen, yeah, I met the dolphin game last night. Uh-huh. Then next to this. Sorry bunch of
Dolphin fans and they're all screaming in the first half go home go home the Dolphin suck
We see him at the end of the game walking down the turnstile chanting with a big a big god for talk about super bowl cuz where the yeah
From running so super boat guy next to me was sitting in the section two and he says I want to tackle
I want to kick him. I want to kill him. And that's what they deserve. Yeah, they deserve it because that's the way
All these fans are the worst fans in the world are right here in this town sir
And now they're talking about all the noise they made and all the you know a big deal
It's it's like turning on and off a faucet, you know, it's just sad very sad
What do we do? Yeah, yeah
Read Dave life column today he he cost for their head one week and now he wants to you know grab all the same
I mean if you listen to week ago on this station every one of the sports shows all these nerds calling in rip in marino
Rip in the team they got no receivers. They got no this no running game, which of course they don't have but I mean
Just unbelievable Jimmy sucks, you know, even on his mother died the other day
They still if they would last last night they'd be ripping him today just these fans are the absolute worst
The more than the fans until it all if you would just say a lot
See we don't have to worry about that at the hockey games because they don't understand the game
It also like I said yesterday. It's just a social event. They don't have enough understanding of the sport itself to really critique
This one's good that one's bad so they just sit there and they're smooth and laughing and hey
Stand up, you know, we're just having a good time. It's a party
So you don't have to worry about the formerly phony unless of course we have a year like three years ago when everybody jumps down the bandwagon
We're talking Stanley Cup because we're the Florida Panthers, you know that stuff
If we'll get Margaret back to do that thing about you know up up I'll go panties go up and down the ice
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing Neil great?
Never been better sir
This is from the movie science of the way
The guy
Yeah, remember that fire it puts the lotion in the basket. Oh, yeah, right Neil listen. I was wondering for what do you celebrate on the 24th?
What do you what do I celebrate on the 24th of life? What do you like for Christmas Eve?
Yeah, yeah, and the 25th and 26th
27
I'm Cuban and I I just don't understand how some of these Cubans actually buy like live pigs and
The other day the Cuban's like pork like I said yeah, but the mind like they're still alive like running around
And they told me how they kill them so the meat tastes better like they say they yeah
They say they hit him across the head. Well, there's nothing like fresh pork
But they didn't look how they had it with the two by four then something's a squeal because they're not dead
And I don't know I just that's pretty poor bear. I wonder if you had Betty can relate to it
Okay, thanks for the good news here. There's more about news about the barbaric Cubans
You've had a horse and many we'd have the original pig squeal from years ago for our good close personal friend Manny
Remember those days when he was slicing up the carts he denied that to this day no
He admitted it to me and then then later on he denied it after he turned out to be the the Phantom of Cart slicer
Or maybe it was just sunny her stuff that we took one of those carts to head the S on it
Yeah, we've had a lot of strange people that I've worked with over the years in this town
Boy, I mean I'm a strange but believe me very normal compared to many of these people including the guy
I used to come in all the equipment used to disappear that was a sleeping in this car
I don't want to mention his name five six seven oh five sixty. Well, he had to support his habit
Okay, so he was selling like we come in one day the board would be gone next day the transmitter
There were parts missing from it. He had to support a little bit of a habit
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line
Thank God we came over here where it's like everybody's normal. How's the what's his name doing by the way the
Forge of the station. Oh, okay. Here's a mobile in Del Rey. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir
I wanted to clear that 1998 was a sucky sucky year based on based on just the way
Everything feels the way
Businesses the way people are the market is booming man the market is kicking over the market
Listen, I I don't give a crap about the market. I'm talking about people that go to work every day
Yeah, I'm slugging out everybody's having a crappy year announcing it
Uh-huh. That's all I mean you know I have everybody's you know saying no
Oh, this is not the market. Well, I know I'm making pretty good bucks George is doing pretty good this year
Yeah, well, I'm not having the best year this year and a lot of people I talked to are not having the best year this year
And a lot of it has to do with Aldi. Yeah
Yeah, by the way, they showed him on the sideline. They're late in the game last night when the game was pretty much in the bag
And they showed him on the sideline with his big pocket. You know something he and the moon are the same
I think he's the same thing. I think he's the moon man talk about greater push
He looks like a like a Baroque caricature of of an evil space, you know
If you were he is evil. He just he exudes evil and he's he's hurt
He's hurt a lot of people in the car business this year. Yeah, and a lot of people are not doing real well
Well, the only one thing that'll make you feel better take a look at that Republic stock and you'll feel a little bit better anyway
Well, you know, it ain't no cost. That's right. Yeah, it's not his money
It's everybody in the car business that he screwed
It's their money. Yeah, and he's sitting there like that for the pants is holding
I guess he did pretty good on that with his good business buddies. They did okay. Yeah
Yeah, he's doing all right then and screw all the little men
So for the holidays this year. How about a Wayne High Pingo food?
Would you tell just stick some pins in it? You'll feel it back sticks on pins in each one of those craters on behalf of all the little men
I'll say I'm hit this year just
Okay, it'll be over soon pal
Okay, the worst the worst if you have to come open line a day too and proud
We're like off to a real crawling start here today. It's all requested so holidays were supposed to be in a good mood
These people are cats got it man cats got their tongue
Four minutes before 11 o'clock. We'll see they don't like it. They want to hear they were hoping I'd come on today and continue the
Cacapity of sewage that's gonna come on for the next at least two three days. We're talking to for both cuz where the Miami
Come on let's hear it
Do I care? No, that's why I can be objective because I'm totally unattached
I gave that up about four or five years ago. I don't care one way or the other and I can I can view it very
Objectively and view the entire passing scene objectively and it's kind of laughable when you come right down with that
You can kiss my rear end
Oh, like you wake up very much
This is the king
I don't have them around much for a while
But I want y'all to know what up here in Rock and Roll head and all those thinking of it this Christmas
And I could give y'all a special Christmas message a message of peace
Like how about a little please let's go about thank you
Like a whole same
Postmissors of time of hoot time of joy
What time for love and I sure would love it taste like that's what you got there
Okay, oh one more. No, where was I hurry our Christmas?
No Christmas to me means family and family means friends
The friends means getting together and getting together means
Eatin I'll pass you that time to say which boys. Well, like you
Not just one lady right now
You know, I made a big star make it today, but ain't nobody so big you can reach out a help in hand
Helping a hand
Oh, yeah, hand man helping over the night. The day. There's all that
Now I will find anybody some baggy can scoop to help a friend of me to the hall of this season
Let's leave the season
You won't pass me that soft sugar when you get the chance like yeah, just just don't screw the color
That's right. Thank you
So this Christmas, why don't y'all take a tip from old a
Not all either steak that's that way are you know, I mean no, I appreciate it
I want you to remember we're all part of guys great big family
And you know God made men of yours own image
I look at the mirror. I'd have to say God must be a big big center of again, you know the main
I think you do
I remember there's one last thing
You know all the homeless Christmas stringing that popcorn up on the tree
Play a big big bowl for the can extra butter the little main
Love it all three times 50 WQM the Republicans are opinion or pants because now El Gordon
You hear this morning? Gord announces that if Clinton is removed from office if he's convicted in the Senate trial or resigned
Either or I'll be above that he's gonna name a Larry Flint as his vice president. There you go
I'll go on they're shaking in their boots, baby. They're shaking it
Here's a mobile in sunrise. Hello
Great hey, I had some news on
Brook Daniels from super talk about time it took us over an hour to get the real story here
I'm sorry. I've been trying to call you to clean my account on the payphones
But you guys have been busy for a while. Yes, sure. Okay. Hey, I was listening to a provider total of 45 minutes yesterday and
Aside from the fact that she was like hawking and chakened for some free food all the time
Uh-huh, and she really needs it. I don't know
I've never seen her but I think the most most humorous thing I
Herter say was how she got her job. She met Peter Boulder at a tire kingdom
She was getting the tire picks and he's like, hey, how you doing you want a job? She's like, well, okay?
So that's how she was promoted back into a position
You mean coming back you're talking about
Yeah, after she had been fired she was after the year she had him at a tire kingdom and he offered a job back
Perfect excellent. Yeah, and so did she is this bull crap about her resigning on the ears that are
I just heard that on your station, but
As for the calls yesterday her calls seem to be pretty steady
Everybody calling and welcoming her back, but I don't know
Well, if I had somebody's calls are real steady. That's good. So in other words
I got the big audience out there, but everybody else gets the calls
I just sit here and talk to myself
Even Brook Daniels are getting calls. How do you like that?
All right
How do you like those apples?
I bring back that obnoxious bitch. I
Don't believe that thing about her quitting. I mean you're yesterday. I'm probably a publicity staff probably using us to
You know what maybe they didn't say she was quitting on the year and I just read that into it
Oh, in other words, you walked out afterwards. Well, let's find out. Let's get the inside story over there
Let's have Ronald or Pete calling on the year and tell us what's really going on
How come none of those say here's the Fort Myers? Hello?
Yes, Neil happy holiday and back to you sir. I just wanted to relate a little traveling story
You might find humorous
You know how when you get on the plane. It's always the guy next to you has got to be about four or five hundred pounds
It's never the beautiful woman or beautiful male or whatever the case may be
You know three or four miles away that you wish would have been somebody with real bad gas
Well this time coming back. I probably the most beautiful woman on the plane was sitting right next to me
Turns out she's French and I understand now what you say about
I travel quite a bit, but I haven't been to Europe and this woman
I mean, I was really trying to get a conversation
The stench was
It was I don't know if you've ever been on cattle farm, but oh yeah, like
Every stop and traffic then in a hot summer day with one of those pig trucks pull up alongside
Like that kind of
A week backwards smell right so the entire French people are like that
I mean in Europe. Yeah, basically they don't pay they're not into it
The whole damn country because they keep dropping the suits where they figure the easiest way to solve that problem is
Don't ever pick it up. Yeah, lady
Okay, well that's really all I had
I was coming back from the Columbia though, you know
I still have my negative attitude about that whole country. Yeah, okay great. Okay. We know who that is
That's our guy the Colombian Bashir calling in waiting until the end of the call to spring that so we don't like Colombian
You know like Frenchman you don't like anybody so it's a good thing. He's in for my area
Open line and day two in Browdy fits right in over there five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line
Here's a mobile a mobile in four Mars. Well, they got a run over there. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir
Did you ever live over here on the west coast in Sir, oh, yeah, 25 years ago. I'm wondering if it was concert as conservative as it is here four
Mars I just saw
Like not a license plate, but a bumper sticker that said jack Kavorkian for White House doctor
You believe that sure I just I just can't believe how conservative these people are
That's why it's a miracle that this show is on the air over there
It's amazing that there are people listening on the west coast. I guess it's their only contact with anything to the left of a till of a hunt
Yeah, well thank god your own because we need to have somebody like you. Okay, watch out for those Colombians
I hear they're coming out of the guy they're coming in a banana boat
Okay, see you
Well, we're big and four Myers this morning not too big and date and brown
But we're big over there's a book Daniel. She's getting calls
The sports they're big and 25 million calls. We're a smell and super bowl
But us it's a same old story again, man. We've suffered a relapse here
We've taken several steps back just one things and then it's always this way. Haven't you heard me say this for about 600 years
Every time things get a little bit too good right away the audience brings you back to a stark harsh reality like to you mister
5 6 7 0 5 6 the pond 5 6 the other AT&T wireless line. It's 11 away on QM
We got hang from the sporting bruise at two
We got Dave O'Brien one of the voices of your Florida marlins at six o'clock sitting in for the books
You're talking baseball in December and then we got 80k at eight o'clock tonight with our convales of gambling show
It looks the lotion in the basket
How can you be sure the buckwheat pillow your buying is authentic? Yeah, it's easy
If you look for the picture of buckwheat on the label
5 9 buckwheat that's right. There's only one buckwheat and that means only one buckwheat pillow. Give it a try
No, he's a fellow kind of bitch. No, it's mushy
That's because every buckwheat pillow is filled with the little rascals least favorite breakfast food. I say much
He said he hates much. So did he. Huh?
Yep, it may not be good for eating, but it sure is good for sleeping.
You're a regular buckwheat pillow order one today. It's so easy. Just call
Stay tuned in 65
Keep on keep up five and get the buckwheat pillow and you'll sleep. Oh, hey
I'm a 13 and 560 wqm life just ate the same since we lost the little rascals
You know it and that dog would be a thing on the try two open lines and proud are these working today by the way?
I better just check five and six just to make sure because I know that they're just done like that guys
You've been so busy this morning five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line
Here's the mobile in pop it. Oh, hello
Fail yes, sir. Yeah, I thought about a half hour of that abortion yesterday
Um, and what was that?
with Daniel oh
And
I'm crashy had her boyfriend call and
Yeah
Did you say you want the airstri
I wasn't gonna bring Karen came back. Yeah
Um couple of clips and don't forget Greg
Oh
Neil Rogers disease and if you have it still hundreds tight cookies
Go Henry's one
Christ cookies
The lady calling in about the uh
Christ the Roney issues calling a Christ cookies though. I think it was on the best of what is it? Oh, you can eat either
No, that's not about Christ cookies
Okay, whatever you say really a union thing that I know why
Don't make a big deal out of it. Okay, he's a good guy, but he's uh boring
Okay, Broward lines all open five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line spains Jews celebrate Hanukkah for the first time in 500 years
Oh, by the way, even on guiding light yesterday. They're celebrating Hanukkah. What's your name?
I can't even think of her name the a bin bet
That there's trying to steal away Jesse from michael not that michael got replaced by real ugly bitch
All of a sudden we find out that in springfield out in the middle of the midwest
There's a Jew out there. Oh, oh my god. All of a sudden out of nowhere
We discovered that she was Jewish and her parents died and she's not celebrating
Hanukkah and all of a sudden Jesse surprises are out of nowhere. He whips up a menorah. Hey
I mean you talk about bubble mice. He's baby
Here's a menorah on guiding light even pop a bowers rolling in his grave
For the first time since spain decimated its Jewish population with inquisition and expulsion more than 500 years ago
The country small jay what am I laughing about because we're used to it by now no matter where we go
Hey near next, you know
The country small Jewish community has celebrated publicly Hanukkah. That's right publicly
This is an emotional and unforgettable day said mayor
Joachim Nadal told the gathering besides the ruins of jiren elitower where the cities Jews sought refuge for mobs in
1391 a century before spain's rulers drove almost the entire community from the country
And they're going hey, they had a Sephardic rabbi. He's going barok al-Tah and she was doing her on guiding light yesterday
She's doing barok atay at a na' yala hay ma'yee. Oh my god
Even Laura was upset Laura Schwartz was embarrassed by it and she was reading it from right to left
Here's a bokeh hello
Oh, I never thought I would miss rick's whining and stock quoting oh
That book downed man. It's the same thing that stuck yet that's a given ship over iod
Yeah, it's up to ship the back of homestown
Bad man. Yeah, you know you're listening to something you can do
But the guy said she was low to the calls welcome back. We love you. We're bracing with open arms
The guy called her that she gave my two for his honey operation. Yeah guys like that. He's terrible
I mean, I don't know why she thinks iverson did i ever say anything good about her
No, iversation was a talent. Oh, did i ever like encourage her to call me at home and be my best buddy
No, bug me with all her stories about drab dripping the hot wax on her
Whatever else she did. Did i ever do that? No, I don't know what else she wants for me all these all these lemons that like latch onto me
You know, oh, I came here. I only came here because of you when it hurt me that day that she called me and she was so wounded
Because I ripped her on the air. Well guess what? Too bad. I said it because I meant it. That's all don't bother me leave me alone
go find a life
She fits in their perfect. Okay. She's like like a Peter bulger clone. She's perfect for him
Mediocrity is where it's at over there
Carrying cage. She comes on the first night. She's telling everybody she's doing the consultant
She's walked her stable girlfriend and what's wrong with doing the boss and yada yada yada
Too bad she was ahead of her time
Maybe they could put Monica on here now, huh? She was doing the boss
We have an open line a day two and broward all request Tuesday. Maybe this is gonna be some week
Remember that movie hell away. This is gonna be it
Hellraiser five six seven oh five sixty and five five sixty on the 18 and T wireless line
I see Chuck is bringing George and I's lunch and some go to mommy's for lunch today
I can't partake how you doing Chuck and Mary Christmas happy new year and all out of this stuff
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir. Good morning
Neil um
I'm not a jock sniffer, so maybe I should ask you this
If your mother died on Sunday, would you be working on Monday?
Yeah, now this is that's pathetic. That's really sad. Okay
I see what I mean
This is what we got in this town. Okay. Here's the guy. I said no in proposition
If he wouldn't a coach last night because his mother died on Sunday in Texas
Uh, they would have said oh my god. He abandoned the team and is most crucial game of the year
And the what kind of a football coach is he and now because he goes out there in coaches because it's his job
And it was like you know, there's everything is on the line
And now they're ripping him. See what I mean about this crowd. That's this town for you
Jimmy sucks Danny sucks. Oh, they suck. Oh, they're great. We're going to the Super Bowl
And it's just a no-in situation. I have no idea why any of those people want to play or coach or be in this town
That's right. Let's start ripping him and ask because his mother died Sunday. There you go
That's not welcome to South Florida, baby. Nice one
Nice touch especially at this time of the year nice going pal. Oh, you're the best
Two open lines a day two and Brad, but we have a shower bunch here today or one man five six seven oh five sixty
Tom five sixty on the AT&T wireless line
Here's North Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir
Which county like okay great. Let's go to a plantation. Hello
Good morning. All right. Callo. They yes, sir. Hey, how you doing? Okay. Um, I've been up in grass. All he is dead as a door nail man
Well, I think it's something wrong in your brown lines is when you call it and send this plainline open and it's been busy
So you're it man. You're the only call I got in this board right now sir. You're it
Only of my call all right. Well, here. Let me try
The power lines have never been full this morning. So it's not possible that it could have been busy
All right, well, somebody's touching with our phone lines again
I have a busy length of the past hour or so. Yeah, well anyway
Somebody's dicking with our phone lines again. Thanks for that from a bell soft for the holidays. Thank you
That's our Christmas gift
I've been up in grad school for a while. So I don't know if this has made big news down here
Might have though
Hi Zenga and the Florida Panthers and the Sunshine Network
You know, he's a little dickering around with this sort of deal. He's got
He owns most of the Panthers. It's a public he's held
I know we're sports channel. I'm sorry sports channel. Yeah, okay, so he's sports channel. He owns completely
The panthers he owns partially
The Panthers what do what do you mean he owns the Panthers partially owns the other part of panthers holding
They're also probably held company, right? Yeah, okay. Yeah, but he owns the franchise
He owns the franchise, but the holding company. He only owns like 51% of it's like that, right?
Okay, so if he's being to pay has sports channel pay nothing at all to the panthers the broadcast
To the broadcast the games which happens he's essentially funneling money from a public entity which he owns part of
To a private entity which he owns all of yeah, and this is how he's getting money
I'm not about all those hotels that he and his partners are sold and the you know
Stuck the money in your pockets all the profits from it even though the people invested in photo panthers holding
Didn't think they were going to the hotel business
Surprising, huh? Uh-huh. It's a bold bait and switch once again, right? All right. I got a I got a second question for a Neil
Don't be knocking on I think a buddy never's will be knocking at your door with a with an oozy man
Hey, I got a second question for you then and if you don't want to deal with this don't ask you
But just to put the lotion in the basket. I've heard it all day and all day yesterday
And I still know what it is and I want to know what what this is all about
It's funny, but can you play whatever it is all about? It puts the lotion in the basket. Okay, pal. Keep us stick with it
The whole stick. Thank you. You're here to it and you'll be having great life. Okay, Broward lines
He said they're all open. Those four five and six look at this. He said he said they were busy
Yeah, there we go at the holidays again somebody's sticking around with our phone
I'm trying to oh, and I don't know who's worse the phone company or media one used to be or what did they used to be the cable company before they change
Your name to media one that Comcast no not Comcast my cable company. Uh, well, whatever that continental cable
I'm gonna tell you I don't know they they changed the thing and they gave us 80 billion stations
None of which we want to watch the news stations because they got two satellites. This isn't even if I didn't there's nothing under anybody
We want to watch but the picture I it can't just be me it can't be like only in my house, okay
But the day that they change the antelope channels the picture is so grainy and of course my neighbors over there
Any acres must be really the nicest people in the world
They don't like to complain or maybe they just don't have the time to get on hold for five hours to try to get through the goddamn cable company
What kind of a picture do you think we're paying for it's like looking like in the old days when you could just make
Like a little you know like a ghost
We got the ghost and the ill picture cards. We got the ghost of cable channels on the media one cable man
The picture out there in the acres blows, okay, and I don't have five hours to sit there on hold trying to get through the goddamn cable company
This is what this is the kind of quality you get media equity. That's what it's all about here rampant media equity
Here's a mobile and sunny isle. Hello
Yes, can you please play the trudier shoe and smoking anal out in shoe
Okay, thank you smoking anal out in shoe
That's a line in what is that in that's a mid-year Lewis thing
What is that end? I can hear that in ages. I don't even know if we have it. Yeah, we had that
smoking whatever the hell I did as well
It's
Imm under
It's sure it's all
I'm wearing everywhere when I go round the other H.D.A.
They'll go on to say, oh, don't be too big a sure
I'm trying to find my inspiration
It's a big, so big, so big
You sure?
I'm trying to find my inspiration
I'm trying to find my inspiration
Here they are, sure
Oh
I'll be jack up on the south end service
I'll be ready to pray
I'll be standing up, I go for it
That the author is acquired now
She'll be singing away
Since we saw each other
That the sharp array has providers
That the author is featured
It's good to hear you show.
It's good to hear you show.
It's good to hear you show.
It's good to hear you show.
It's good to hear you show.
It's good to hear you show.
It's good to hear you show.
It's good to hear you show.
It's good to hear you show.
It's good to hear you show.
It's good to hear you show.
It's good to hear you show.
It's good to hear you show.
It's good to hear you show.
It's good to hear you show.
It's good to hear you show.
It's good to hear you show.
Who is on the way to Weston.
Somewhere in Weston, which will let me know what's probably going to be.
As soon as we get there with the QM van for a 120,849 bucks.
We are really kicking some very serious ass.
Level 26 at 56, WQM.
What is a Buffalo bill?
This is Debbie.
Hi, everybody. I'm interested in going through operations done. Okay, and some body contouring and some liposuction
And I was wondering if it's tummy talk and the lip augmentation cosmetic compress surgery face gift all of these things
I'm just wondering what was your start with? Well, I need to get everything done probably the first thing I'd like to have removed is my
My thing. Okay, we don't do that. No. Could you do breast implants though?
Uh, it can be done. But I don't know if it would be right away. The lotion in the basket.
How much?
5,000 excellent. I'd like to have my skin resurface too
laser surgery
Have the lamb stop crying yet mommy. Excuse me. Don't hurt mommy's little baby. It puts the lotion in the basket
I'd like to get the liposuction that I saw on TV. Okay
Can you make me look more like a woman? Well, we'll have to see you first and then upon looking at you
We can tell you that when we see you should I wear my skin suit made of body parts mommy
If you'd like to it puts the lotion in the basket. Would you like to make an appointment? Yes, okay
And there is a hundred dollar consultation fee. That's fine
Okay, okay
My name is Buffalo Bill. Okay, let me give you a little information from you. Okay
What's the lotion in the basket? I understand it puts the lotion in the basket. Do you want to come in for a consultation?
In the basket
Okay, do you like to make an appointment? You want to call me back? Yeah, what's the lotion in the basket? I understand my skin suit
I'm like
Bill it puts the lotion in the basket. I understand that what you like it puts a lotion in the basket
Would you like to make an appointment? It puts the lotion in the basket. Okay, I will talk to you in the time. Okay, it puts a lotion in the basket
Okay, everybody got it out there you understand? No, okay, open line of day two and brownered five six seven oh five sixty and
five five sixty on the 18 T wireless line. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hi, I'm Danielle. Yes, sir. I think you can
Be soon ready to file that with a prison bitch in the dwein stump. Mm-hmm. You know they're killing it
At any rate, I think there is something wrong with your phone earlier and yesterday you were saying
Broward wide open brow wide open hidden dial tone. That was a guy. I was busy. I wore out redial trying to get old you earlier
Really on in the broward line? I'm in broward now calling on a day line
Because you can't get through on the broward lines. Did you say otherwise? Well, we got dial tones on them
But evidently there's something screwed up with this phone again
Which of course would only be about the 800th time in the year that we've been here
No, it's big one. I tried to do a talk show with a phone system that doesn't work
We said doesn't happen. Hey at the end of the last decade you had a killer song called the data 80s died
We're at the end of another decade. Do you still have that song? The day the 80s died. Yeah, it was like the day the music died
But it was the day the 80s died
It was excellent. He used to play it
Olden days vague real vague. I know we don't have it. Yeah, how about duper than sons liquor and guns. Okay. Okay. Thank you
I'm saying thanks for
I'm sitting there for me up the day. I think I
Yeah, our phone system is screwed up. How do you like that? Huh for a change? What Joe is reforiting the lines to see if that will have any effect
Yeah, there's we ever gonna get the hell upstairs and that third floor
No, I'm just having a forward the lines and play games and diddle around
This is it's like playing it's like playing pocket pool here
You call one number and then it's got to go over to here and then they you push it over to there
And then put the eight ball in the pocket and put the lotion in the basket and all this other pull crap is what it's all about
God hi, I met Bufer to Bufer
liquor and guns we have a large selection of fools and firearms in the state and will personally assist you in choosing the
Crust alcoholics beverage and weapons for your next outing going squirrel hunting
Then you'll love our low prices on schnapps and hang grenades
Living in the city
Maybe you aren't interested in hunting or self defense. Maybe you just like to get drunk and shoot a mailbox
Well, we've got gallon jizz a wild turkey and 44 magnum shells on sale this week only we're open 24 hours
We've never checked IDs and we're in our approved. So come on down to Bufer
Litter and guns where everything leaves loaded. I do remember that thing you're talking about that was a great bit
Do we have it anymore? No open line of date to empowered. Let's to pick up the phone and see if the goddamn phone works
Okay, let's do a little experiment five six seven oh five fifty
Palm five sixty on the 18 two wireless line. Let's everybody pick up your instrument right now
And just dial just to see if the goddamn phone is working to see if you're getting a busy signal to see if we're getting a business here today for about the
200 time
Don't forget by the way eight days from today. December 30th. What day is that going to be next Wednesday?
A week from tomorrow. December 30th 1998 will be our one year anniversary on WQAM
What Thursday
Third one
Oh the 30th
We start oh god. Sorry. We started December 30th last year, mister and December 30th. Let's see can it let me figure my arithmetic one year from last
December 30th will probably be December 30th this year. All right. Nice arithmetic there. Neil
And we are just waiting an anticipate breathless anticipation that should be a momentous that should be something
Is that going to be a phenomenal day or what? No
Conquer see those other two brow lines are ringing
I mean, we're just doing a test here
I don't even want to talk to those people just to see if they can make the goddamn lines ring
And they were especially number five and six there. There's something dealing with these goddamn phone lines man
If I said we had 45 million dollars for the first color online five
It's still in ring which we don't have 45 cents
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty. Uh, this this takes me back to the old days at WS news
When they got that brilliant idea of putting in the choke lines and we were choking out of all right
Every time one of the FM stations we run a contest that we'd get a fast busy and we couldn't get any phone calls
I'd be sitting there at night screaming and yelling come on where the hell are you people and we're with a rent and there were like
6,000 people dialing in and nobody can get through. I don't think it's rolling them over
This is what it's doing. That's why we're really getting calls online four
They're not rolling up but I'm gonna tell you I'm gonna roll over any second
Not even the box yet, but I'm getting ready to roll over
Every single day I heard Hank the other day screaming and carrying out about the crap over and that building
Just because this building is a little bit newer and uh, we believe me we got the ants falling from the ceiling in here
Do we have an exterminator out there who'd like to donate their services and come over here since this outfit is too cheap to get an exterminator kill a goddamn bugs
Not just in the other building on Sheridan Street in that toilet. They don't got no exterminate over here
Eight days it'll be a year. We've been here if we had seen an exterminator once no
Anybody with little can of raid. No anybody like uh with anything. No
With an ant trap. Thank God the guy brought us those ant traps. Bring those in tomorrow
Well over at borders on Saturday God came with a couple of ant traps and it's not a joke. We just said we have ants falling from the ceiling now
Look at that. We got these two lines that don't that they can't get through because it is not rolling over
Thanks again bell south you people blow you but you struck the big one
Maybe that's all I can tell you 23 years I've been going through this business sitting and screaming and yelling for phone calls
And I got 48 billion people out there desperate to try to get through just to say a few
That
That's right
And they still can't get through because we can't even even Alexander Graham Bell is humiliating embarrassed by this excuse for a goddamn phone system
Here's a Cooper city hello me. How are you doing? Okay? Uh, I was just hearing you say about Brook Daniels getting a second chance
Yeah, and how come good guys like Craig Worthing or set the top of our hands because
Because that's what that company does best is they screw the good people and the no talent people they keep sticking them on the air again
How is he doing have you heard from Craig not good? Not good
Well, it's a shame my cuz I heard Tom jico on some low rated shows Sunday night on 790 some old schlepper
And he was talking about having no radio column again. I heard you mentioned that too. Yeah, there that there was no interest in it
So I want what do you mean there's no interest in it? What does that mean?
I asked either more people listening to radio now than the words uh 10 years ago when Tom was writing about radio
What does that mean? There's no interest in it now?
I don't know but so many people are interested in radio
But he said that there was no interest in people reading it in the sun sent them. Uh-huh
Sure, that's a good excuse last two rating books that came out nobody wrote anything about it
Craig gets screwed in the back nobody writes anything about it
They keep moving all these people around Rick and such are going back in the morning
The only place you'll find out anything that's going on in a radio in this town is on this show
Well, that's true. That's why I listen. Dan right there. Can I answer request? Yes, sir. He'll wake me up in the morning. Okay. Thanks. Yeah
Okay, we uh, I'm not gonna keep pushing these numbers because it's not the audience. It's the phone is screwed up here
I probably have like two or three people who uh with my cube bigger than their thumbnail even trying to call today
And we still can't get the calls too because our phone system blows it sucks. It's the bee'sly read way again, baby
Just here after I thought we got everything straight not more technical incompetence because they care enough to send their very
Chief is not the very best the very very cheap is that money can buy
God forbid we should add like our own real phone numbers over here instead of having this bit
We're forwarding. We're sending them over here. We're off the uh eight ball into the corner pocket right
21 till noon is 560 WQM
you
Then
It's 1144-562.
Some of these people have some of the underlings, the bush and the bush, it's going to get
psychotic over the fact that the heat will be stagnant.
You know, he's working here a lot longer than I am, so you reach an accumulation of frustration
level over the technical incompetence and the mediocrity and like the bugs and the equipment
and the bugs on the wall and the bugs falling from the ceiling.
And I can understand why he goes apoplectic.
Because you come in with a smile on your face and within just a matter of moments, everything
is going to hell on a handbag because the, you know, the Scotts tape starts to fall
off the wall and you know, the nuts and bolts that the chicken wire that they're holding
the equipment together starts falling apart.
Absolutely bush league, baby.
That's the best I can describe this operation.
Bush freaking league.
Here's Miami.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
You have problems with immigrants, though?
Okay, chronic again.
Here's a candle.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Just when I just got in my hand, my girl was in my hand.
What did you do in your hand, Henry?
Nineteen, anyway?
He just got us.
Yeah.
But just what he says, the best thing is to nail Rogers of W. Clam it and wait as a big
quam it, but the W. Q.A. and Miami.
I guess that was for your help you gave last year, what is it?
What is it?
Are you there?
I'm in here, wait a minute.
I'm looking for my top of you.
Well, I know, not ninety-nine.
Nineteen, ninety-eight.
What do you mean ninety-nine?
I'm not somebody.
Eight.
You're killing Dave for talk radio.
You're just, I got it in my hand right now.
Where does that thing go?
It's a partly fire thing.
You have to pull it out.
This is what could your him as a kid.
And is that?
Why I never even looked inside of that thing, because he personally autographed.
Nice going, Airfield.
Special thanks to, oh, yeah, David G. Hall and the Neil Rogers of W. Clam, I mean,
nice going, Phil.
Yeah.
Are you sure positive?
Yeah, there you go.
Thank you for pointing down to me.
What have you seen that?
Yeah.
Well, we did a good job.
We raised twenty grand for a Phil's children.
I was thinking that, and he knows of course you should think on that.
Well, at least to you appreciate it to anyone.
Right exactly.
So, anyway, that was it.
Okay, thanks.
All right, take care of him.
There you go.
See at least somebody appreciates the good stuff you try to do.
We have an open line, a day to an brower.
Give it a shot.
Okay, Stephen, you can get through.
You're going to get through.
No.
Give it a try anyway.
560, 7.0560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's the four Myers.
Hello.
Danielle, how you doing?
Okay.
Long time listening to our first time caller.
Yes sir.
So, when I was over in Borders, Saudi, and purchased the Part 1 and 2 tapes for you.
Thank you.
I love them.
They're great.
I got the nuggets last year.
I wanted to give you a story.
I was in Mexico City recently, and I was over there with a bunch of people.
And we got ripped off by the cab driver after some of the people got out of the cab.
You're not keeping reading about those stories.
I can't imagine why anybody would want to go to Mexico on vacation or to visit for five minutes
or for drugs or any other reason because it's a miracle if you come back alive.
Well, we went over there for a martial arts tournament.
And when we got out of the cab, the cab driver took off with the people's luggage in the car
and the cameras in the front seat.
Nice.
Just kept trying to come going.
But they're doing a great job.
We love you over here.
Oh, let me ask you.
In other words, you paid the cab driver before you got out and got your luggage?
Yes.
Well, they were getting out to get the luggage out.
They hadn't paid them or it yet.
Yeah.
And then as they got out of the cab, the cab driver with the doors opened.
Also, I know if he didn't care about the money, he just stole all the stuff that was in the lug.
Well, for everything in the car.
Nice.
So, the other bunch of crap in there, basically.
That experience.
But we love you over here.
It's great to have you on.
And I'm a long-time listener.
I happen to be home this week from work, so I want to be here for you to call him.
So, he's just going to terrific.
Okay.
Thanks a lot.
Have a great life.
Okay.
So, in other words, that's a good idea.
Pack a lot of crap in your suitcase just in case, especially if you go to places like Mexico City, a tent to work place.
Everybody I've ever asked always says, every time I bring up Mexico, they say,
No.
Don't even think about it.
Believe me, you don't want to go there.
I mean, all these horror stories about how, you know, that's the favorite trick now.
If they spotted tourists, you know, they pick up a cab at the airport.
And if they think you got a few bucks, they take out in the middle of nowhere.
And they steal your jewelry and your cash and your wallet and your, uh, etc.
And so on your credit cards.
And they leave you out there if you're lucky.
Here's Port Lauderdale.
Hello.
Yeah, this is purple.
Oh, okay.
Great.
Have a nice life.
Here's a mobile in Port Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, listen, man.
I want to say something about the game last night.
I mean, he got a command, Jimmy, for going out there and doing what he did with that team, especially after his mother died.
Yeah.
That guy who called an L, he's a jerk.
He's an asshole.
He's a jerk.
He's an asshole.
Yeah.
I mean, after that, yeah, I'm not much of a dolphin, sir.
I'm a giant, man.
But, you know, I went to the game last night after-
He wouldn't have gone there last night.
And if for some reason they would have lost the game, they would be ripping him and ass today.
He would have blood on his erectum.
I'll tell you that right now.
No one is telling what a bunch of hard asses these people are.
They are so inconsistent, man.
It's unbelievable.
I mean, in fact, I'm going to the store.
I'm in the car for a few minutes last night during the second quarter.
And at that point, I think it was either 3-0 or 10-0 in the Denver.
And the dolphins were really sticking to join out and Marley missed the field, or a chip shot field goal.
And even the Zimper and Mandage of all people are ripping them and ass and talking about,
well, you know, there are times when the good teams come forward and really stand up.
And I mean, the game's only in the second quarter, and already they're just slicing them on major ass.
Yeah, I'm a giant fan through and through, and they stink.
But, you know, I stick with-
And you know as well as I do it, you watch that game objectively less than if it wouldn't been for the horrendous officiating.
You would have been a blowout that would blow off the field.
Three fumbles should have been called.
Right. I got a request.
Yes, sir.
Can you play the two joints in the morning and the afternoon in the evening song?
Okay.
Thanks a lot, Neil.
And have a great life.
You're too.
Nice mother dies.
There's people calling and ripping.
What kind of respect is that?
What kind of respect is it for something you butt-plugged out there?
No matter what anybody does for you, rip them an ass, okay?
Ungrateful bastard.
You're standing, I think you still are great, right?
Yeah, well hop on the conclusion.
Get out of town real quick.
I don't want to join in the morning.
I don't want to join tonight.
I don't want to join in the afternoon.
It makes me feel alright.
I don't want to join.
It's time of me to do it time or more.
I don't want to join before I want to join.
I say I don't want to go.
Oh my daddy won't come in.
It's time to be hard-working man.
I'm ha-ha, if you want to meet me,
it's time to choose to leave as you can.
You didn't wonder how to tell my shape for me.
It's hard for food and hard for fun.
It's the first day I've heard so now I hope to join.
When I get up in the car I hope to join.
I hope to join when I can eat the old game.
And that's everything that's ours and boys.
I hope to join.
I hope to join.
It's time of me to do it time or more.
I hope to join before I want to join.
I say I don't want to go.
I hope to join.
I hope to join.
I hope to join.
I hope to join.
It's time to be hard-working man.
My mother said she was so mean.
It's time to choose to leave as you can.
I said I wanted, I met them and scared for me again.
Okay.
I hope to join.
It's time to be hard-working man.
I hope to join.
It's time to be hard-working man.
I hope to join.
It's time of me to do it time or more.
I hope to join before I want to join.
And then I hope to join.
That's what I do.
I hope to join.
I hope to join with me in a morning.
I hope to join.
I hope to join with me in the afternoon.
I hope to join.
It was another long-term.
I hope to join.
I hope you want to stay happy.
I hope to join.
I hope to join.
That's what I do.
Oh, yeah.
Seven to five sixty WQM to Hank Goldberg show at the sporting bruise
to a clock.
We got Dave Al Bryan sitting in for the Boogstube night from six to eight
to clock.
And then we got the Eddie K getting up a little bit early eight
till midnight tonight.
So there's a rumor circulating around town that Pete Bouldier,
you know, the Clear Channel building is right down the street down
on 441, just a very few blocks from here just what about six blocks?
Is all of this a handful of blocks?
When we're circulating around town that Pete Bouldier on the way to work this morning,
Pete on our phone lines.
Are you believing it?
Uh-huh.
I believe it.
Open line of date, all three and brown and of course you won't get through but give it a shot.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60, pound five, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Yesterday and today we should have known there was so I should have known.
Come in here yesterday after weeks of sizzling and smoking and yanking it.
And all of a sudden yesterday and today we're looking at a phone that don't work.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, listen on.
Hello.
Yeah, Tom.
Hey, listen, there's a you're right about the about the journalism down here regarding radio.
Have you ever checked out a site called radiodigest.com on the internet?
No.
Here's just some pretty good.
I'm not a one of those computer nerds.
No.
It gives you some pretty good interesting articles about what's going on in various cities and tells you.
It has them an updated recently down here.
They got the Alice Rantel leaving and Randy Rhodes taking on Kenna Star.
Oh yeah, that's no, yeah.
It gives you some interesting stuff.
I just thought, let's just...
Yeah.
No, but the people, look, ordinary people who aren't computer nerds aren't interested in getting their news about what's going on.
On the internet, most of us, we pick up our newspaper.
We sit on the throne for a couple of minutes and we like, you know, that's where people want to find out what's going on.
Well, actually though, I mean, I was the same way as you are.
I mean, you can't really bring the laptop into the throne.
In addition to which, most of the stuff that's on the internet is written by a bunch of groupies, idiots like Mr. Radio and all these other silly people who haven't got any idea what they're writing about and just put a lot of stupid rumor on there.
That's not an excuse for guys like Jika and Terry O'Brien and these other supposed media people, and they just ignore it.
And for Jika to come on there and say, well, nobody cares about Radio Bullcrap.
Bullcrap.
There's just as many people listening to Radio Now is there were five years ago and 10 years ago and 20 years ago.
Yeah, okay, thanks to Scotch Wharts, we got a can of Bugsbury.
We got a can of Raid.
All right.
Leave it to a good Jewish boy like Scotch Wharts to come in here with a Raid.
Five, six, seven, oh five.
I don't know what I'm doing here.
I'm not going to put a hand can get up and start knocking the walls down here, but I'm right on the edge of it because it's frustrating and infuriating and it's unacceptable.
Christ and Sarah and Sally too.
Yeah, forget about you're not going to get any journalism in this time.
It just doesn't exist.
It's just a cop out.
It's an excuse radio waiting in and they created they created by ignoring it by not writing anything about what's going on in radio.
Then they turn around and say, well, nobody cares.
Sure. Whatever you say.
Here's Hollywood. Hello.
Neil, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
I'll tell you, getting laid hasn't helped bookshields at all.
Yeah, she still was so lame.
Yeah, flipper.
She is.
Neil, could you do you have the backpipes?
Yeah, could you please no chance play the yesterday pal.
I'm not going to, you know, it is the holidays.
It's all request a week and a month and year maybe the way things are going here, but I'm not going to want to put you a good bit like that.
See, that's the problem when I do the request stuff is they want to hear the say the bridge tender anyone and hear the play in backpipes.
Nothing original, nothing new, nothing eaten.
That way they do come up with some original we go, what?
Like that.
And part of the reason for that is that idiot.
Roy.
Yeah, the orange unit over there at the Paxton who made us throw out about 50,000 cards stuff that you'll never hear again if you live to be 200 great stuff.
Because well, we at Paxton, we don't like cards.
So get rid of all that stuff.
You got about five minutes to get it out of here.
Thanks, Roy.
Roy, you jackass.
Roy.
Three minutes before noon at 5.50 WQAM.
There's no fact in the church.
I've been sighted riots, doing diets, it's been sighted of no when, trying to quit groups, even thought they're better.
Oh my God.
That I discovered it.
I'm gonna lose weight.
I've made up my mind.
But oh man, that cheese can really bind.
Oh, baby, I can eat a vulgar.
It's much vulgar.
More forever than safe.
Can't eat a touch of raw, so I have a steak.
Oh right.
My weight keeps on dropping, but I don't leave no porpies behind.
Because all that cheese can really bind.
I love you, baby.
It ain't so easy.
Big fella and cheddar all day.
When all you really want is a chip.
My stomach is sour.
Can it flower?
Maybe I've been stoned.
If I don't go soon, I might explode.
I just offer these bags, get some eggs, like, if you do it.
It's diet like one of the seven deadly sins.
Sure I bet you'll lose weight, but I bet you'll also lose your mind.
Because all men and cheese can really bind.
I'm going to have to go.
I'm going to have to go.
I'm going to have to go.
I'm going to have to go.
I'm going to have to go.
I'm going to have to go.
I'm going to have to go.
I'm going to have to go.
And if I go into the bargain, I do need all my energy, brain and mind.
Please let me show you how long I a swallow that one doesn't have enough well.
The thing I'm going to be doing here..
It's not.
No
Oh like that one. Oh, that's great. So in other words, they couldn't roll over because that one's blocked all together
Nice going Bell stuff. Let me say this just three days before Christmas and right at the ass end of Hanukkah, okay
Bell South sucks. Bell South sucks. Come on. Let's hear it. Everybody open up your window. Bell South sucks
They just can't get their goddamn act together. This is beyond a shadow without another full-company problem
I remember the one day I came in here and went ballistic and then did I just just remember I reached over and tried it and every line was
They're not working. Oh goddamn phone was a f-up
Thanks to our good. I'm gonna call up Larry mixing a goddamn Southern Belican and threaten them with lawsuit for the 400th time in last 23 years
Jesus, I mean we're talking about a goddamn phone line
That's all we're talking about getting a phone call
I hate to break the news to you, but it can be done that a tag in guy whatever his name was
Piccalino who invented the phone was that his name?
Even he would be embarrassed by this clotheous piccalino
Here's a mobile in Cooper City. Hello. Good morning Neil. Yes, sir. I heard brook for about 15 minutes yesterday
It's all I could stand it was pretty
Yeah, but I better phone work over there anyway at least you had a phone that worked. That's good pretty pretty ponder
It's like the guy says before she was snoring for food
If I want to hear New York Yent is I can go walk through
Exactly why don't the understand nobody wants to hear a New York Yent on here
There's a few things in the world more annoying than hearing a real jappy sounding New York Yent on here
Joan Rivers is good at it and and and second her
Brandresher makes basically because she looks good. Oh, she looks good. Yes, Brandresher for maybe from the neck down
Neil your
Two telemarketers have called in the past couple weeks and when I answer the phone
I know they're telemarketers and I tell them it puts the lotion in the basket
Yeah, it's the first time they've ever hung up on me. Neil great excellent. There you go excellent
You just came up with the idea of the century sir
I've always wondered because you know
I got my color ID now and when it says unknown number
You always know it's gonna be one of those assholes and sometimes you don't answer and then sometimes you figure
Well, maybe it's Edmick man with a hundred million dollars, you know and you answer it just because you don't know what it is
That's the answer now. Is this mr. Soin soin you say yes? Well, I'm a calling from your visa card
It puts the lotion in the basket click
Excellent Neil since you're being so benevolent and being Santa Claus. I make two requests. Yes, sir
I hate the bird and unless you have I hate the babbling book cart and
Three-way and big and I like to dedicate the Jimmy Ford pool Todd
John and Brad splish flash tropic out and in the letter carrier very Christmas
Okay, and I haven't happy if you missed the Neil Rogers show
Yesterday on 610 W I O D you missed this
Yeah, okay
Listen do me a favor play anything because I can't stand listening to you
Are you starting to do shag?
Do I just do me a favor play anything? Well, can I ask you a question before you go? Oh God
You sound so stupid. I hate to talk to you. Yeah, go ahead. Why did you call me? I didn't call you
No, just to tell you not to say anything just play something
Oh
Well, then why are you listening?
Why won't you answer?
You won't see you won't talk to me. Oh, we got a car here. Oh, by the way
It reminds me our poll question today, which I almost forgot who's better when I go on vacation
Who do you like better the bird or George that our poll question today?
Well, that could be pretty embarrassing. 9 minutes after noon and 560 WDQM
It puts the lotion in the basket. Well, congratulations. Get a light
I
You
Doesn't


of the Bible like I know.
I'm Jesus, like a wise Christian.
And how we almost think and act alike and not to think whenever it's appropriate.
Yeah, wouldn't it be wonderful?
Everybody in the world is white and twisted and look the same and set the same thing.
Worrying, I don't think so.
No, to me, that would be paradise and to be published in the Bible.
I see things like a wise Christian and how we almost think alike.
All the games, black and yet long must die.
Oh, until everybody is Christian.
What?
Cuff 15 at 560 WQA on another glorious day, December 22.
How is Zaloud doing out there, speaking of 22 with Lou?
How he be doing?
At the mobile station and country I'll pass on Westerner Road out there in Westerner.
That's supposed to be our big thing out there in Westerner.
That's supposed to be where 95% of our audience is out there in Westerner, right?
No.
92% of the audience.
There are two or three people listening out there in Westerner.
You watch.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
How are you?
Okay, sir.
I got a couple of things to say.
Great business for me today.
I can listen to your old show.
Instead of just one time, the bad news is I got fired this morning.
But anyway.
You got fired this morning?
Yeah, what about me?
The day before today's four Christmas.
Isn't that unbelievable?
Yeah, man.
That's life.
But...
Jesus.
I'm not telling me about it.
But I really love your show and your cheer me up.
I always listen to you on lunchtime when I take my lunch break.
I can listen to you about that.
You have fired three days before Christmas?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Christ.
Yeah.
But those hours were like clients.
And he wouldn't give you my paycheck today.
He got up on Saturday.
On Saturday?
Yeah.
What a bastard.
What a bastard.
I don't know.
But, you know, I'm trying to be cheerful.
You know, you should be happy to play a smoke-to-drinks.
But that kind of role you probably won't play it.
But...
I smoke it.
I just got through playing it.
Oh, I didn't hear it.
Yeah, I was in the bathroom.
There's the other one.
I got into smoke, whatever.
Anything about got you.
Okay.
But it sounds like you need it right now.
I sure do.
But I probably will be listening to you every day.
So I'll actually go through your week.
Okay, great.
Hey, listen, George.
Maybe I'll even fix our phone.
We'll be able to do a show here one more day.
Yes, the question.
When you're vacation, I'd rather hear your reruns.
Yeah, man.
Okay.
And then thirdly, George.
And he's glad you got fired.
Yes.
Hey, Neil.
This George Shane is butt-teaks.
Yes.
Okay, good day.
Okay, see you.
Okay, George said the guy got fired.
Oh!
We have an open line a day, two and a-browed,
which won't work, even if you dial him.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
I'm sitting here and I'm wondering to myself,
how many times over the last year?
Because we have no way of knowing this.
How many times in the last year on days
when I've sat here and just been loaded
with all kinds of great stuff and full of material
and just knowing that people are going to be calling.
And we've sat here and looked at the phone
and it's like barely a trickle.
Barely a dick trickle.
And it's this phone company thing.
It's Bell South because they're just totally incompetent.
Almost as bad as the other one.
It's just as media one with that granny
unacceptable picture.
It's unacceptable.
You ask holes at media one
out there in plantation acres, out in my hood.
Okay?
It is an unethical acceptable picture
that you're delivering.
And you notice you're not discounting the price.
You keep jacking it up a little more,
a little more on the price too every month.
And they give you-
Oh, but we gave you 40 more channels.
You can take those channels and-
Take it out of the way out.
Now just give us a picture that you can watch.
Please.
Thank you.
Here's the lady in sunrise.
Hello?
Neil?
Yes, ma'am.
I've got a cute little joke that I'd like to share with you.
No thanks.
Okay, we have an open line in day one and bro.
We don't do jokes.
How many or 600 years have been telling this audience?
We don't do jokes.
I'll do the jokes.
Okay?
We'll play the comedy bits for the jokes, right?
We don't do jokes.
Oh my God.
I hope she elokes with one of those two broads
from-
That was his borders on Saturday.
With one of those two obnoxious, relentless bitches
that expected us to put on a goddamn soft-
Jew and tap dance for them.
And you guys are pretty boring.
You didn't get your right.
Come back for the 400th time and see how boring we are, okay?
People I guess thought I got pretty worked up about that yesterday.
Well, guess what?
I should have gotten a lot more worked up about it.
Because if you could-
If you had any idea how many-
How much of those two broads hung around and kept coming back and sniffing around,
got only-
I guess they figured if they came back 20 or 30 times,
we'd get a little more animated.
That must have been it.
Look, get out of here.
You stupid bitches.
That's what I should have done.
Yeah.
We should have done it in a stereo.
Here's a mobile and candle. Hello?
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I caught a piece of that simple-
bitches show yesterday.
Well, she's your head of big audience.
She's got the non-salis.
Yeah.
And worst of all, if you-
It's at one point, you still want your card?
Use one of your cards and I answer a question.
Is she used the-
No, no.
No.
Yeah.
I mean, I can't tell you how many times I hear your cards and other people's stations
and other people's shows.
Mm-hmm.
How do you get all that stuff in?
It's in their computer over there.
We left it behind.
They didn't get rid of that stuff.
It's in the computer.
Another thing.
Why do these programs directors keep rehashing the same old-
That looks-
Sir, sir, sir.
The answer is,
Peter Bulger doesn't know any other way.
That's the only way he knows is to take a lot of Drek and keep shuffling it around
and moving this one into one time spot and then moving it into morning
and then moving it into mid-
That's his idea of programming.
I mean, let's face it, if she bombed there before,
is she going to do it this time?
Is she going to be a hit?
No.
Of course not.
It really was so pathetic here.
It's just unbelievable.
Nothing.
And I also caught Matt Algosti on Wednesday the other night.
Yeah.
How does he grow?
That's an old rerun.
There's a run reruns from 100 years ago.
All right, that's it.
When he only waits 600 pounds.
Okay, pal, don't make that mistake again.
All right.
So if Hank's the only thing you got some real stiff competition there in the afternoon,
okay, she is really-
Don't over like that.
Like they saw Nagasaki.
Look how that big mushroom cloud.
Open line of day 600 and Broward,
which may not any of them be working,
but give it a shot.
Okay, it'll make us feel real good.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60 and pound,
pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Oh, we don't understand why these guys on the year get so upset and they're not a shade.
Hey, maybe we like stuff to work.
Wouldn't that be nice?
Just basic elementary stuff like the microphone and the phone and the phone line.
Just simple stuff like that.
Over and above that, we don't expect too much because we know we work for a bunch of cheap bastards.
We know that.
But just the basic elements of a broadcasting would be nice every day.
Just kind of like as a given.
Does that happen here?
No.
Here's- oh, sorry, Brooke.
Here's Homestead.
Hello.
Yes, Neil.
Yes, sir.
You do a wonderful job despite all the obstacles you have to-
Yes, I do.
Every day.
Imagine if I was working on a real radio station.
Oh, seriously?
Imagine if I was on FM on a real radio station with a real signal with some real promotion with some real go getters via-
We could be just absolutely taken to place by storm.
Unbelievable.
You'd probably be all over the street.
Probably have a 30-share here and maybe even Tom Jicke might write a little note in the bottom of a column somewhere.
At least you give the agent to the run for their money.
Oh!
Can you play the OJ interview?
We've got to hear that before the end of the year.
That's called OJ No Juice.
Just until the next time you re-request it.
Yes.
No juice.
And like an idiot you used to say, no juice is good juice.
Oh, man.
It's a very, very, very bad thing.
Because you know, I say about three times four, you know, and then I say, well, I can't look food.
I tell you, man, I'll do a crazy.
We'll sell around.
We'll sell around.
I didn't do nothing with an eyeball.
I said, well, that's a good thing.
So, I'm talking like, we'll sell around.
And he said, well, the world, you know, what they're gonna call that, we'll sell it.
You know, Bob's just said, man, well, Bob's really, I didn't do nothing.
So, what about you?
I said, well, I'm just gonna say, you know, I said, well, I'm just gonna say, well, I'm just gonna say, well, I'm just gonna say, well, I'm just gonna say, well, I'm just gonna say, well, I'm just gonna say, well, I'm just gonna say, well, I'm just gonna say, well, I'm just gonna say, well, I'm just gonna say, well, I'm just gonna say, well, I'm just gonna say, well, I'm just gonna say, well, I'm just gonna say, well, I'm just gonna say, well, I'm just gonna say, well, I'm just gonna say, well, I'm just gonna say, well, I'm just gonna say, well, I'm just gonna say, well, I'm just gonna say, well, I'm just gonna say, well, I'm just gonna say, well, I'm just gonna say, well, I'm just gonna say, well, I'm
off the table Torrent Delcio,
cop
Oh, thank you.
town in this area like a rubber glove because they just can't get it straightened out.
Here's a mobile in Helendale.
Hello?
Long time, few time.
Yes, sir.
Hello, Mr. Neal.
Speaking.
What section do you sit in?
In the hockey game.
What section do I sit in?
The one with my name on it.
101.
Uh-huh.
I got to go to the Edmonton game the other night.
Yeah.
My first time there.
Yes.
The arena was magnificent.
Uh-huh.
The beginning, Edmonton, the big thing, but we won.
Yeah.
It was very cool.
The rest of my list, I have two names for you that I think have been mentioned.
Two twins that went to, uh, uh, uh, in the Howard County school system.
Two twins that went to Howard County school.
Two twins that went to Howard County school.
The Mangelo and Arangelo.
Yeah, we already got that.
Yeah.
Oh, you did get that.
Uh-huh.
Also, uh, a friend of mine was in the youth furniture business.
Yeah.
And right after you guys moved out of IOD, he got to go in and get the rest of the
furniture at home.
Oh, man.
Yeah.
I got two chairs from there.
I got the chair from the receptionist area.
I even got to go into Bob Green's office and see the case.
Uh, you didn't have it a good one.
If you had the Randy Rhodes chair, then you'd have something.
Oh, really?
Then you have a collector's item.
You wouldn't want to sit on it, but you'd sure have a collector's item.
That's true.
Yeah.
Okay.
That's all I got.
That's all I got.
That's all I got.
Okay.
Have a great day, Fallon.
Call me again a couple of years.
The Randy Rhodes collection.
I think it was more than one chair.
Wasn't it?
I think there were two.
Two.
Two.
Two.
Three.
Two.
Open line of days, six hundred and powered on a phone that is broken down on our broken down horse
ball phone system here.
In these police things over here.
How is Alubo?
And is that loop by any chance?
No, it's not.
Oh.
Cause Alubo ain't to call him.
So maybe Lu is just taking a little nap out there in Western.
I thought Western was going to be the Ashkicker.
I thought that was going to be the Barn Burner is what they told me.
Oh, we checked the zip codes and boy, that's our Honda zip code out there in Western.
That's where 99% of our audience, they all about there in Western.
and they believe it no
no
let me say it again louis out there at the a qa and van evidently very lonely
either that we don't know how to use the phone to call jorge
uh... mobile station in the country i was plaza on weston road in weston
weston anybody know where weston is no anybody ever spend any time in weston
no did i ever spend any time in weston no
would i go there if they paid me no but uh... supposedly we got a couple
listeners out there
here's having sure hello
and
and sure
uh... first of all happy holidays and congratulations on that
thank you and happy
and they are wondering like this then would have started going out like seventy
weeks ago
and you may have been
you learn as you go along and seven or eight weeks ago the station was
uninvolved in this and i screamed and i hollered and i carried on had
temperate and they finally said oh maybe i might be maybe we ought to be
doing something to help you with this and look how great it's worked out of it
and you might be ten grand with the van
and you might have been up in the two hundred area right that's right
and you see so
and here we'll send them out there every day whether they like it or not
you know to request yes sir
okay i think it's all has to not be yeah and uh...
not that jim mandis was a bellow the other one he's got um...
you got another one you've been
and it's things
and it's things okay
okay thanks and have a great life
twenty six past noon at five fifty wqm it's all request uh... to say it's the phone
don't work to say which could be any day here in this jorge because
they'll south sucks
they'll south sucks come on let's hear it in the upper deck there in four eleven in the nose
please bell south sucks
hey here's a place that doesn't suck their great new balance in Miami they're located in the
average room all its borders first new balance concept store and that's good news for you
because these are sensational shoes new balance athletic shoes were designed by a team of
doctors in nineteen twenty eight and are still highly recommended seventy years later
by podiatry in north of pedestall around the world who really know their stuff
new balance is the only athletic shoe company in the entire world that builds a complete
line of shoes in a full range of width from double eight to four e and sizes from
infants all the way up to a staggering twenty
well he's a telehazzy nappy
who got the money from a daddy
and it's like that my little franny
oh
and
well he's a telehazzy nappy
well he's a presidential son who doesn't have to run no one else is on the way
I just move right in
he has to go to school he was born with up his ass to look out on you shoes get ready for the
back he's a telehazzy nappy
oh
he'll give our table rights to wavy
oh
i see a telehazzy nappy
love of a belly
well he's a very wealthy dude
who's very fat
who's who never pay the dues
five extra will all be screwed
she called
she called
she called
she called
any smart to win that race against funny but hey why do you think they call it
goblers
tutorial and he writes
he's a telehazzy nappy
oh
he'll take the cake
hey
he's a telehazzy nappy
love of a belly
you're all
let's do step
come on
they are
let's go
2355, 652, I have just come up with the greatest brainstorm. Leave it to me. That guy before
had a good idea though. It puts the lotion in the basket for all those pain in the ass,
telephone solositors. When they get to about the third word of their pitch, all you have
to do is start saying, it puts the lotion in the basket and you'll hear it click very
very soon. I'm telling you, it works like a charm. But I got an even better idea. People
that are very upset with all these overpaid jocks, especially this will work like a charm
at the National Car Rectals Center at the Macarena. Guaranteed can't miss because when you
come right down to it, nobody cares about the game. They're like maybe five of us who
really care about the game and the rest of the people are there is a social event. I'm
not knocking that. I'm just observing. It happens to be a fact. So why have to game
it all? Can you imagine how much we could cut the ticket prices down if we didn't have
to pay those player salaries? Lane could make a fortune. He'd go for this. He'd be the
first one online to check this out. All you do is you like you got the Panther Patrol
flinging the t-shirts up there in the crowds. You got that glimpline around, dropping
out a little chotchete that they're giving away. You got this glaring on the PA there.
Maybe some dancing girl and dancing girl up there on your scoreboard that everybody's
going to do. You can drive it in the grab action and grab it himself and he's
coming up there on the big scoreboard. Here we go. Five bucks. No 57 bucks. Five bucks.
There's a lot of lot more of those features. Come on. We're doing the wave. We're
not having time for those stupid game. They're okay. The annoyance is getting the way
of our entertainment and so it's offensive. We can't afford these over paid stocks.
Here we go. Come on. Everybody do it.
Yeah.
I'm telling you, I just came up with the greatest idea in the history of the human race.
Once you think that would work, a nice drill team down there doing some moves.
Yeah. I mean, this way you'd have like three solid hours. Anyone have to worry is the
game clockwork, the penalty clockwork? Is it because there wouldn't be any game?
You know, we'd have a, we'd take a poll to figure out how much spare time you got tonight
hour, two hours. We wouldn't have to be three hours. We wouldn't have to worry about these
long pondress face offs that little pink light down there is a TV timeout. We don't have
time for that. Just eliminate the game and you just have people slinging crap. There's
some great cigars here. I'm telling you, man, this is the greatest idea in the history
of the human race. Leave it to come up with this man. Just forget about the stupid game.
Nobody cares about the frickin game. They want to see themselves up on that scoreboard.
They want to do the wave. We're having a party out there. They want to drink to their
hearts content. It doesn't even have to work. Can you see the red light? You can't see
the horn goes off. The horn can go off anytime it wanted. Who cares? Because it's not
a party. It would just be a party. Five bucks instead of fifty seven bucks in our guarantee
it would have just as good of a time. So with all due respect to my close personal friends
there are the Panthers. We're getting rid of you guys, okay? And Wayne will be, he's
knocking on the door right now. I bet you that's my good buddy Wayne at the door right
now. Knock it on it. I score and Neil, I knew sooner or later we could come to an agreement
right. There you go, Baldi. Save yourself millions. I think the payroll is 31 million right
there. Just stuff in your pocket, okay? Take that 31 million, Wayne. Right. That's it.
What an idea. What a genius I am. You know, because I understand I'm a very good observer
of the passing scene. I see what these people come out there. What they really enjoy.
Let's give them what they want. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. It was going
on two things. I know how the first one to tell you what you're you're up in the NGM
thing is in the 7-11 saying happy. Neil wishes. In the NGM probably you're present something.
Neil wishes happy Hanukkah. Oh great. They're doing that again for us for free. I guess they
think maybe in the new year this company is going to like put up the money in the pay for
that we never will, but that's good. And if you put on it and it says I'm going to put
the lotion in the basket. Great. All right. Thank you so much to our personal close friends
over there. Another thing. I don't know if you heard the first thing today, but I called
and kind of had to call all of them guys on how much of a sports suck up they are asked.
I told me a great game ball of all. I'm renaught a good team. The mark comment said you can.
Did you hear him this morning when he called in? No. Okay. Well, then I said it's the
one of the times that a great game. I wonder if he still beats up his wife. And they just
shut me off and then all of a sudden Joe was like, what are you? And then I think old he said,
oh, one guy makes one mistake and then want to bring them forever. Yeah. If anybody wants to see
Lamar, his picture is on the back of that book. Pro's and con. He's one of the featured artists in
there. That's that's what I'm saying. This puts his on the back, but allegedly, he's all
straight enough. Plus, you know, great game line. Nice going Lamar. We don't care about all the other
stuff. One of those suck holes. I think I had to call them on that. All right, you know. Okay.
Thanks. I stopped sir in the manual business. Yeah. They're all bad out of shape. You know,
everybody's, hey, we're on the bad wagon. Don't pee on our parade. No confuses with the facts.
Okay. In fact, if we had nothing but criminals out there after that game last night, we like them.
We have an open line of day to enbrower that won't ring 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the mobile one line.
Come on. Let's hear some response to my idea. You know, and I know that people think I'm saying
that's our castedly. It's not sarcasm. I think it would work. I bet you the atmosphere
because lucky and again, the other night against Edmonton. I mean, it's great that we won and
nice going there. Ray Whitney on the clinching goola on goal number three. Nice going to
Ray play the great game. But, you know, I mean, it was pretty boring for long stretches of time
there. I mean, there were people I can't keep poking people in the ribs to wake them up.
But here, I mean, for like maybe an hour and a half, two hours, wow, how far much time you got.
And if you'd leave early, nobody would say, hey, thanks for coming. Nobody would give you the
business to leave an early. You come to a party when you get there and you leave when you
time to leave. That's all. I think the Aradjus just came up with a solution for all these sports
problems, baby. All these overpaid bait. Here's the way to save baseball. Get rid of everyone
of these goddamn overpaid baseball players and just get that carry glitter thing go in and there.
And you'll have balloons and you'll have prizes falling from the sky and the Panther Patrol and the
Dodger Patrol and whatever goddamn patrol it would be. And instead of like 20 bucks and 40 bucks and
50 bucks, two bucks, two bucks, whatever the hell it would be. And everybody has a party in the
great time. Go some of the winning, go losing, go stress. You don't have to bet on it. You don't
have to lose your goddamn mortgage money. Put some of the shows on this stage, not a business
but nevertheless 21 till 1 is 550 WQ.
Today's half-paced world. Oh, this here. Hey, there's a thumbprint on this report. Do it again.
Oh, yes, sir. Got a problem. Uh, no, sir. Under some pressure, huh?
Yeah, I feel like my head's gonna explode and aspirin doesn't do anything.
So here, take some, I do pro things. I do pro things. Well, I'll try anything.
And dirty rotten stuff. I'm, what the fuck is he saying he's talking to? I'm going to get a little
s***. Do he don't s*** report? Feel better? Yeah, what's in there? You pro thing.
Well, nothing we can admit to on the radio. It's kept our secret ingredients.
Screw them all. Which eliminates any inhibitions you might have about saying what's on your mind.
Uh-oh, here comes your boss. Look, I want this report done. Even if you have to work through your
lunch hour. Listen, I'm not, what are you gonna get off your s*** and do some work around here?
Well, I see you take ibuprope. Yeah. I take it too. You lazy peep. Oh, no, scat.
How do you call me? Use only a s*** into a round. Okay, it's 1245 at 560 WQM. Nick and Mike from
Nextigarza are here. They brought me a big fat one and a check too. And some beautiful cigars. Of
course, I'm not, you know something. I'm not going to tell anybody anymore which cigars are
like the best because they can't keep them in stock. And it's like shooting myself in the foot.
But they brought me a nice big fat check for center one. So our total now is 121,349 bucks.
Are we doing phenomenal or what? Uh-huh. Man, credible. Too bad we don't have a phone system.
That works, but nothing's perfect. Okay, because you know, you have to crawl before you believe me.
We're doing a lot of crawling over here. Have we heard from our friend Lou yet, by the way?
Have we heard from Lou down there at Western? No. He'll be on it any second.
Let me give you one more shot on. Okay, maybe Lou has got a line up there from
Western all the way to Jacksonville. You think that's possible? No.
Lou is at the mobile station in the country house, plasma on Western roads with all of our best
and eel stuff. Try to raise some money for center one. And we're begging you, we're hoping because
he's been here for like 45 minutes. And if we heard one thing from Lou yet, George, have we heard from Lou?
Oh, yeah, it's $60. Oh. Well, why didn't you tell me that? That's an important 60 bucks.
I was distracted by free. Yeah, yeah, yeah, by the free cigars.
121,409. It puts us over like another little hurdle there over the 400. Right.
So get out there and see Lou in the event. And Lou, we understand, will not be taking any numbers.
And he'll only be there for about another half hour because Chris needs the van for something else.
Oh, Chris needs the van for something else. In other words, that'll be done so well. Now let's start,
you know, a siphoning download that we don't want to overdo this because we've raised a lot of
money and let's start that Chris needs it for something else. Now we're starting to understand what this is all about.
Always knew about that Chris. Here's a mobile in Opalaka. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hello, how are you doing? Great.
A little bit of a past issue. I got somebody with a really weird name.
The guy goes by to name a care skin. Your skin?
Yeah, I know his brother for the driver's license. Uh-huh. And I think they drove a great truck all day.
My own brake company. And man, I'd love to have your loops inside my truck. Yeah.
You know, so I could part all over people and call them a backer. Yeah, yeah.
Can we market something like that? Yeah, we've been talking about, you know,
they have those key chains that have like four or five different little buttons on them that make them.
Yeah, I've never seen the one where they have the lock here. You know, they have the attorney and you press the button.
Then he says different stuff. No. Yeah, they got a lot of you. I'll see you in court. And I'll see this.
It's a lawyer. Everybody in your presses. Yeah. Yeah. But I don't have to get a hold of somehow.
I have to get those lifts. I love them. Next slide, we're going to work on that.
I think that would be a good fundraiser. That sounds great.
Okay, and have a great day and give me a phone.
Okay, we have an open line of data. Is that phone nothing? Fixed yet? No.
Okay, boy, it would sure be a waste of time. He's not going to be there another half hour up there in Weston.
It would be a waste of time to go up there for a miserable 60 bucks.
Since everybody in fact, it was Sam was the one. It was all you know, not Sam was a bluff.
Oh, it's so easy to forget him.
Bluff was the one. Oh, yeah, we checked his zip codes. It was in the out right.
We're bluffing. You know, we're to find Weston. No. We have an open line and date one and brown.
It's 5 6 7 0 5 60, 0 5 5 60 on the 18 T wireless line. We got trends coming out today.
We got some arbitrary trends. The second month of the fall book coming out at 230 this afternoon.
So tomorrow morning, we'll kill like two or three hours with that.
In fact, by the way, I'm going to be calling in early. Get here real early tomorrow.
Call and find out if the phone is working. If not, here's the crawl spring. Hello.
It is. We all have a go on. Great.
The watch? The some set. Yeah. Does that set Smith that does the hockey editorial?
Does he get his info directly from Brian Murray? Yes.
He had an article in there that justified the
Wells trade by reporting that Barnes is now on the. Yeah, there was yesterday.
You know, no, no, I'm the way article a couple of days ago. Yeah, about how Barnes is on the out to the penguins want to get rid of them.
And but the meantime Barnes has still got 13 goals. Does anybody on the Panthers have 13 or 12 or 11? No.
And then yesterday they said that Chris Wells because of his injuries.
He's going to have to learn how to skate all over again. Yeah. I don't know.
I didn't know. I didn't know. Right. Right. He's like a tripod.
If he leaves on that stick, you take that stick away and you see that. That's the problem.
You don't have sportswriters here. You got columnists. You got guys that that write just that they're they're they're
stringers. They just go over there and they talk to the coach or the GM or whoever's handy.
And they feed him a lot of propaganda and they make a column out of it, which is why most days both David
J. Niel and that big fat Michael Russo are writing the same crap in there because they're just getting it to it's the propaganda
machine for the organization. Okay. Well, in this holiday season, I say we pray to whatever God we believe in
that they could find a way to get the Murray brothers out of here and let them ruin another team. Okay.
So well. Okay. Here.
And Sam prayer or like I said, and we won't need the Murray brothers either. We don't have any team.
We don't need the Murray brothers. Don't need Bill Torian as bow ties. You know, it cost a lot of money to keep
that guy in bow ties and food. And of course, Rimmer. I mean, he needs the job. He wouldn't need that frog
to these potpan. You don't have to have color. The Rimmer can just describe the action in the arena.
Hey, there's another. There's another balloon just dropped a big one. Drop the big one.
One, one, one there. Run on Niel's head.
A lot easier to play by play on stuff like that. Don't have to worry about the did it go in? Did the light go on?
All these technicalities, bad officiating, good officiating. Forget about that stuff.
Take all the stress out of our life. It'll be a goddamn party in the Macarena.
And like I said, the ticket prices wouldn't be so sweet, but nevertheless, you chopped that 31 million off the pay
roll there and Wayne's got some bucks. He might not even sell at that point.
And he have a lot of jerseys laying around with no players in him.
She had dropped the jerseys from the little blimp. Man, can you see the people like falling off the balcony
there? Oh my god. Drop a panther's jersey off. There they be. They'd be even right off the balcony.
In fact, during many of the games earlier in the season, they were even even from a park to that
joint. Oh my god. Don't tell me that that what was that was the telephone man called earlier.
So he's doing something right. Oh, the telephone man. Thank you, telephone man. We know it's not your fault,
but we do know that the company you work for is totally inept and we hate them like poison.
But the telephone man, we're sure as a good guy, at least we hope so for our sake,
working feverously to try to fix our phone again because it's to broken again is goddamn
piece of turd, this piece of garbage, this make believe a walkie talkie 50 cent crezky phone that we
got here because the beastly people, the beastly read people are underlined. The cheapest is the
best, baby. The only way they don't have to do it. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir.
I got one. I want to build on your idea. I think it's beautiful. Don't you think that's great?
Here. I'm going to add some more. Neil, the only reason 99 percent of the people go is to get those
six and seven-year-olds t-shirts that they throw in the fans. Right. So what we got to do is we got
to take the people that test the sand, the D-shirt that fight and show each other for the six-year-old
shirts. We put them on the ice to nest game. Yeah. And we throw raps at them. There you go.
I bet you there are hundreds of thousands of raps left over from three years ago.
Exactly. All they wanted to is get these shirts full moon and throw raps through it. Yeah.
And on our back, just to more ideas, later on today. Okay. I think it's a good idea. I love it.
Come on. Everybody do the wave now. Everybody get naked. Here we go.
Neil, come on. Got him. I had genius. I know what the public wants. If they want it, give it to him. That's what I said.
If I want it, give it to him. Well.
So we need, okay. We have an open line today. Maybe Brad might work one of these days. Just keep putting your
finger in there and see if it happens. 5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. How's
Lou doing over there in Western? See, I knew this thing was too good to be true. You know,
too good to be true. It was going, we were doing over a thousand bucks every day. They were in a QA
and now all of a sudden, we are done enough with this. Now let's move on to something more important.
What could they possibly be doing on a Tuesday? Probably sports related no doubt. Yeah.
That's the important stuff on this station. Here's a mobile Intel rabie. Chill out. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir.
I love you. Your idea. I could see Rimmie. You can just have on the last big assist. They stuck.
You're right. It would be beautiful. Oh, yeah. Look at the fans trying to do the wave. They stuck.
Yeah. That's the right. It would be great. Question on your... What are those old kids trying to
catch those t-shirts? They stuck. Right. That would be beautiful. Question. On your old request,
do you have the series of phone calls that you had with a year ago? You had with a doctor and
then lender energy and all that defense. Or do I have the call? Yeah. Remember those calls and then
she called Rick and Sudden and you called in and just ripped her a hole?
I have a feeling that we do, but I have no idea where to put my finger on it so to speak.
What do I have to under do? Is that under a Rick and Sudden? I didn't hear. I might have it on
some old. Oh, we might have it on some old dad or so on this or on that. Yeah, even if you could,
even if it could be somebody to tomorrow or something. That is a classic thing. You're on your best
day. That is beautiful. But we do have this just to tie the over, okay?
Okay, so for the six and five, six, eight, two, and we do have that by the way. So if that's
your only standing by or sitting by or in your phone position, you'll get that on in the next
hour. The college who made the Rick and Sudden. One of the most astonishing unacceptable calls
next year, the human race. Hey, but heads. It's the one to do out. Overline is pound IOD. Here's a lady
in pomp, though. Hello. Hi. Hi. I guess from the Neil Rogers show. What is? I met him once. He
is a wimpy sweaty handshake. Of course, we all know he's a rear admiral, but he does get an
audience go figure that one. Okay. Regarding the. You're over from the Neil Rogers show. Yeah.
Oh, okay. Well, someone else. We're down the drain. Yeah. Okay. That's the only part we have. We
got the part one, but the rest of it. What is it? Oh, we got 360. I thought you were going to say
it was in the 360. Oh, that was, that was, that was, that was, let the energy in the 360.
360 box out there. So what is that? What are we have before? 60. So that's another 300 121,
107.09. I'd like to do at least 500 out there before Lou leaves and gives Chris back the QA
and van so they can go get laid somewhere. We have an open line and date one and Broward 5 6 7 0 5 60,
pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. We are going to search furiously for the rest of that call
Linda energy in the Rick and Sudden. There was a classic. Here's a mobile in Miramar. Hello.
Neil, you're the best. Yes. I have a score that you could help settle for us here.
Question is, is your studio in your home as one other person is saying, or is it at the Zeta
studio? Is there a North Miami? Neither. Neither. Studio in my home? That's what one wild person
is claiming. And I said, this cheap son of a gun, you worked for would never know. I got
news for if I had a studio in my home, it would be a lot better than this piece of crap. And it's
not why would it be in the packs that we don't work for them? We work for a Beasley Readser.
We're in the pound 96 building. Okay. Well, we do appreciate you settling it. Okay.
Have a great time. Great life. Okay. Go have a duel to the death. We have a look at that one call
left in the board. One call left on the board. We got 57 minutes to go here today. I want to
spend a very frustrating day because the phone company's got us all balled up. 5 6 7 0 5 60 and
pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. I come up with the idea of the century, the greatest idea
in the history of the goddamn human race. And this is it. This is the response I get.
And you do understand that part of the reason that there's a lack of response is that these
people don't want to admit that they don't most of them don't even care if there's a game or not.
Just watching during the game. They're not paying any attention. Maybe occasionally they'll look up.
Oh, look at that. And then they're back to, they're not there for that. They're just socialized and
fraternized and look at themselves on a big screen up. Hey, look at me. Look at me. Here's my ass. I'm
on the screen up there. It'll be the old moon cockle moon over Miami. And like I said, if that's what you want,
you're paying big bucks. You're entitled. But I think the atmosphere would be even more
titillating a little bit, a little more Gary Glitter and a lot more air waving and flashing it.
And just a less of the bullcrab. Unless of the money I spent out. Is there anybody out there that wouldn't
rather pay like five bucks instead of 57 bucks? Is there one person? Oh, of course not. Here's Parkland. Hello. Parkland.
Hey, Neil. Couple of two, three things. Yes. I went to the Penguin's game last Wednesday night.
I was in trouble. Rose behind you. And the first goal by Scott Melendee looked like a Peter North
com shot. It was hard fast and had a lot of tears behind it. Yeah. I saw Leslie. I went to the
dolphins again last night. I saw Leslie. This is a, this is an opposing person. Oh, boy, she's more
hitty as in person. Yeah. Okay. Great. Thanks. Okay. We have an open line of data and all of the
rowered lines, most of which don't work 5 6 7 0 5 60 and pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless on.
There's the guy who's doing this Peter North blow up now. Here's a mobile in Lake Worth. Hello.
Neil, congratulations on all that money. First off, second off, has Santa one ever called the station yet?
This sounds like that. Jack. Oh, it sounds like that. Jay it is. That's a jackass.
Two open lines and they went to a bar. As soon as the first word, as soon as the very first word came
out of that obnoxious New York scum, I knew exactly that. That was Captain Barnacle.
Yeah, they skipped him off the bottom of the ship. Captain Barnacle at the bottom of the human food chain,
at the bottom of some food chain, probably not human. Five six, forget about that stuff. Okay,
we'll do it another day. Forget about that crap. Forget it. I mean, this guy for a sure got his
money's worth this guy with his land energy thing. Five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T
wireless line. As we're down the way precious couple now. It's getting really bad when we got to
talk to that jackass who's in Boiton. He's in Boca. The days in Lake Worth. Keep him up there and
pop each cowdy anyway. I got plaques. I got more awards from center one than you could ever shake
your pathetic thing at okay, Pad, you jackass. Have they ever thanked me? You better, I get letters from
them thanking me for the efforts. Have I gotten a letter from Buddy Nebun? No. Anybody in the media
recognizing what we do? No. No, we have not. But center one, they're great. Here's a Pembert Pine. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes.
I just want to say that I'm happy to see last Friday night that the Dallas stars beat the Red
Wings. I know you said that at bell four probably can't call the way, but he looked pretty good.
Well, so what does that mean? Who cares about that? Who cares about either one of those things?
Well, I'm just happy to see that the you know, it's not going to. Who cares about either one of
those teams like I said, it's boring. I mean, why would anybody pay any attention to Western conference?
What I'm saying is now that a great team like Toronto's in the Eastern Conference,
that's where you ought to be directing your attention. I'm saying it's not going to be like, you know,
like the NBA where you know Michael Jordan and the bulls are going to win. No, we know that nobody's
going to win the NBA because they're not playing and we're all pretty excited about it. So you're
right. It will not be like the NBA because the NHL is still playing. How about those least last night?
Seven of them on over Pittsburgh. God, that's what they ought to be talking about. I had any calls
about that. No. 19 goals in the last three games. Two games with seven goals in a row. Anybody
talking about that? No. No, because their head is up their ass. So this guy's talking,
how can I try to talk about Dallas and Detroit? He likes teams to begin with D.
We have an open line in day two and Broward. Are we ever going to get that to phone line? Think,
think, of course not. 5 6 7 0 5 60, 0 5 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Miami. Hello.
Yeah, we're good. Yes, sir. Hi, somebody's the chip guy.
So why the fatality guy met you at a, I told you I was going to be doing some, some well.
Oh, it's not important. Yeah. Why can't because that's a great idea on what you said about doing that
in the stadiums? Yeah. Pretty out of music. And every one through a while we could throw somebody
out and start playing. No, no, no, no. Yeah, there you go. Okay. That'd be good. I like it.
I just cover up the, I love you, man. Okay, see ya. Okay, that was the chip guy.
Anybody know who that is? No. Two open lines in date County. Those are the only lines that
are working. See, it wouldn't be so bad if the day lines were broken. We don't really care
about that because most of the time they're empty anyway. In fact, maybe that's another bell,
south. You think that could be another bell, south thing? Probably. Probably. 5 6 7 0 5 60. It's
all requests. Tuesdays are going to make a difference with a goddamn phone system that doesn't
work here. I don't want to be belly-ick at about it because that would be a first on a show.
But I just want to put it on the record that Bell South Sucks. That's what we could do while
in while they're playing Gary Glitter in the background. And we're there in the Macarena
waiting for the stuff to drop from the blimp and waiting for them to swing the t-shirts in our post.
We could sit there going, Bell South Sucks. And then in between we could, yep, right. That's what we
could do. We could come up with great lines from the show. People could yell out. It puts the lotion
in the basket. Bell South Sucks. It puts the lotion in the basket. Bell South Sucks. There you go.
We could do that for a couple of hours. Certainly more entertaining than many of the games I've
seen at home last a couple of seasons. It's 109 at 560 WQA. This is a bunch of hoops.
Yeah, it has a problem. It went through the dock. You've got a prescription. Now it's
harder to rock. Yeah, it's going all night. Because that pill is all right. Yeah, he's
on theuh. He's on the charge rings the
One 14 to five sixty WQ and here's the fact that says I don't know if Brook Daniels
could or not, although with spare her the embarrassment of being fired again in a few
months, but I did listen to about ten minutes until I started bleeding from my ears yesterday
and had to switch over to music.
She keeps playing your drops, and just being the same old boring, unfunny jack that she
always was.
It's not even worth talking about because it's so pathetic.
Super talk-kills miserably again, signed Ryan.
I saw Ryan.
Keep rehashing the same old, tired crap, okay, Peter?
You wouldn't know how talented it's stuck in a vacuum.
That's right.
Of course, you don't have time to be searching for tellies to busy stabbing people in the
back and telling a lot of lies.
Of course, you would never lie to George.
Remember all that great script that you got that was like, kind of ran out?
What was that for?
That for employee of the month or some both and bonuses.
Yeah, on bonuses too.
They paid me that under the table and script.
Oh, and script.
Here was script, by the way, is like certificates for freebies and so on.
And then George discovers, oh, guess what?
This expired six months ago, but have a good time with it.
They're fine.
But nevertheless, nevertheless, bull crap artists, that's him.
Here's a mobile in Parkland.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
It's so wonderful, Neil.
Yes, it's like, finally figure out a way to go to the shopping with the family.
I dropped my son on a drop my wife off at the mall and he and I are sitting in the car listening to you.
Great.
That's the only way to enjoy it.
What that does, don't you?
What's that?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Exactly.
Yeah.
Listen, I do have a request.
Yes, sir.
I didn't hear during Hanukkah, the eight days of Hanukkah.
You didn't hear it?
I didn't hear it.
Oh, right.
This is the last time, by the way, because I'll never play it again.
Okay.
We'll look for it.
Zach is on.
You're playing.
Hi.
Hi.
On the first day of Hanukkah, my parents gave to me a picture of my bad ass birthday.
On the second day of Hanukkah, my parents gave to me.
Two-said in trade-all men are picked up by my bad ass earnings.
On the third day of Hanukkah, my parents gave to me.
Three-on-a-sterest two-said in trade-all men are picked up by my bad ass birthday.
Oh, what?
What you looking at?
What's that weird thing on a head?
It's your face.
Hi.
On the first day of Hanukkah, my parents gave to me.
Well, the social candy's pretty, as we shared.
Two-said in trade-all men are picked up by my bad ass birthday.
I think the trade-all song.
No.
Seng it.
I made it out of clay, and when I wanted my thing, I brought the thing away.
No, but that nice fight me.
Hi.
On the fifth day of Hanukkah.
My parents yelled at me.
For wanting a Christmas tree.
Oh, it's a Jimmy's got one.
Maybe Jimmy's Catholic.
Oh.
And not watching candy.
Not watching shirts.
Not watching trebles.
Or a picture of my bad ass earnings.
Hi.
On the sixth day of Hanukkah, my parents made me sing.
If I'm well-arisened, I'm going to go to the bathroom every year.
In front of my sad, I'm afraid.
On the seventh day of Hanukkah, my parents made me sing.
Seven crazy lockers.
Here's my well-arisened.
I want a Christmas tree.
I want a Christmas tree.
Good to see you.
Hi.
This is a cut.
On the eighth day of Hanukkah, my parents gave me.
Nothing that I wanted seven crazy lockers.
Yes, I want a Christmas tree.
Where is my Christmas tree?
I'll be closer, candy.
Three heavy shirts.
Two thinking trebles.
And a picture of my sad ass earnings.
On the fifth day of Hanukkah, my parents gave me.
One nineteen at five sixty WQM.
And of course, Jesse is the only Puerto Rican in America who's got a menorah hiding
in the way in the closet somewhere I'm guiding light.
You know it's got to be a self-opera.
You know it's got to be a fantasy because he's got a menorah hidden away
under the bed in the closet somewhere.
Don't all weekends have a...
Yeah, sure.
Uh-huh.
Okay, here by the way, we got 121,709 percent of what I'm sure that they're really
doing a big business there in the waiting moments.
In fact, Louis probably already gone.
Where did Hanukkah again?
They're in Weston.
And I wrote it down here somewhere.
On the mobile station, country, house, plaza on Weston Road.
And...
They're not there anymore.
Oh, they're already gone?
Well, he said one fifteen, so.
Yeah.
Well, then we get a final report with that.
It's three hundred and sixty bucks.
That was...
I don't think that was the final.
Oh, sure.
Here's a pepper pine.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing, Neil?
Okay, sir.
Uh, first off, I think Aaron Sommers is going to show back down here too.
I think they're probably going to bring her.
You're a passion-bone, yeah.
Yeah, exactly.
Oh, look at that.
I got you down too.
Yeah.
Hey, but next week for your anniversary, everyone, I'd like to bring you guys a cheesecake.
That's...
Okay.
You like cheesecake?
No.
No food.
Okay.
Good, I thank you very much.
Okay.
Uh, request?
Yes, sir.
Can you play...
I know it's not your date, but all you can eat Negro.
Okay.
Thank you, sir.
See ya.
No cheesecake.
No food, because I'm on it.
And by the way, that doctor, that cardiologist, I met at the game, that really inspired me.
I'm doing it.
I got it like what?
A couple of days, three days, something in a row.
I mean, that can.
In fact, we were at Ruth's Christmas.
This is a true story.
I'm Sunday night and I have a dinner.
And across the way, there was a table of people across the way.
And the waitress said to her, you can hear part of the conversation, then she was saying something about,
uh, a lot of the people who come in here are on the Atkins diet.
And just watch you know there are no carbohydrates.
And the guy said, I don't care about that.
Give me all the carbs you want.
But it was interesting.
A lot of people on the Atkins diet, like yours, to really go to Ruth's Chris and pick out.
What the hell do you just want?
What do you ask for?
I forgot.
Oh, you're gonna eat you.
Okay.
Well, no, I'm sorry.
I think that's pretty impressive again.
Once again, the influence of...
Damn, come on!
Here's the ugly behind.
Did you fear your nephew was in hell?
I feel that my nephew is in that room for longer days.
Not with the Lord.
In other words, in hell.
I don't know.
I swear I know what a Lord knows.
And because he can't part of his body, I don't remember.
You feared that that Roman Catholic Communionist, they ate your nephew's body.
Yes.
All right.
We have on the light of Van Ays here, a Roman Catholic priest on KFI 640.
Hello.
How you doing?
Good.
Listen, Matt.
First of all, I feel my condolences to you on the lines of your mess here.
Do you have trees?
Yes, I am.
Okay.
So I just want to make you express something for you, okay?
Yes.
So this is just...
You've been missing something about the temple in church.
Yeah, do you eat people?
Well, if you just hang on, I will explain to you what I believe is.
And then you can draw your own conclusion.
But do you eat people?
The next thing teaching is that you draw your own conclusion.
Let's do Father explain, okay?
Okay.
First of all, we believe that when you receive communion, we receive the body and blood
of our Lord Jesus Christ.
Oh, my God.
Well, hold on, Matt.
I mean, I'm just calling to let you know what Michael Lee says.
You eat flesh and blood.
If you want to look at it, that way, that's fine.
Oh, my God.
That's fine.
This is our belief and you draw your own conclusion.
I want to burn this.
Damn, you got to let the Father explain.
Well, what I want to have here in talk about is that he didn't listen to me.
This is like a hill razor, like a tripe.
Okay, first of all, okay, do you understand?
Because you've been missing something about what happened to your necks in our region.
You eat the butt, you eat the whole damn thing.
Excuse me?
Don't you eat it?
We eat the host, yes.
The host.
But he sees the whole body on the man.
That's not what I said.
You said you eat the blood and the flesh.
Of who?
From the man.
No, of Jesus Christ.
Oh, God.
That is a blasphemy.
Well, if you take it from me, Matt.
I'll sometimes do it until you find our belief.
Do you eat up on the booty?
I might not answer that.
I don't understand what that means.
What does this man talk about eating the Lord Jesus?
What am I finished?
I'm not going to say anything.
The scriptures, man, were Jesus took bread and blessed and broke it and said,
take this and eat it.
This is my body.
Oh, good.
I mean, that's the cup of wine you said, take and drink this is my blood.
And again, he says, am I should eat my body and drink my blood and I'm not going to eat it.
Oh, my God.
This is good Friday.
Exactly.
Are you talking about eating that on Jesus?
I can call you down.
I can call you down.
I can call you down.
You're talking about Jesus.
What?
He's talking about all our own things.
You're talking to Jesus.
You're not left, you're not about him.
Okay, now, as again, Matt and on Jesus, stand Catholics.
Matt and my boy.
I'm Matt and your boy.
I don't believe that.
I'm tired.
Ben, Catholics, Matt, don your boy, huh?
You don't have to laugh at me.
Matt, you've got a bunch of laughs lately.
Yeah.
I'm going to ask you a question here.
You're like some kind of Negro smog is more go over there.
Well, I'll tell you.
Listen to me.
You know, it's fine that I'm not a good son.
You're like a brother, best friend.
I'm not a father.
Listen, Father, I thank you for taking the time.
I really do.
I'm going to have a good evening.
You, you, you, you pay for your sins.
Well, I'm only going to be gone.
That's true.
Thanks, Father.
All right.
All right.
That was a Roman Catholic priest.
And Matt and all my boy, like a brother buffane.
Oh, you can eat me.
Oh.
What was it?
What do you call him, man?
Oh, oh, you can eat me, bro.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh, no.
Oh, you can eat me, bro.
Oh, God.
So, I understand.
Okay.
You're welcome.
Okay.
125.
We did $515 out there.
My son in a very short period of time.
That's not too shabby.
So we have 121,064% of one.
And they're gone.
Are they gone?
They're gone.
Okay.
Are those the brown lines actually working again?
Oh.
Finally.
Better late than ever.
We got 34 minutes left to kill.
Here the brown lines are fixed again.
Nice going, Bell South.
We love Bell South once in a while.
I don't sure go back to Canada.
You've queued past the town.
Oh, Canada.
Our home and me, yes, right.
Oh.
Welcome.
Welcome.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh Canada, that's the only room.
Oh Canada, that's the only room.
Oh Canada, that's the only room.
Come on.
OK, 130 at 5.50 WQM.
Don't forget, no more hockey games at the Macarena.
We're just going to have free-for-alls.
We're going to have orgies, big-to-wild parties.
There are going to be all kinds of grab-ass and all kinds of stuff being swung up into the stands.
Huh?
We can throw all the racks that we want.
And we can cut 31 million dollars right off the top.
Oh!
I'm going to stick it prices down to the bare bones, baby.
In fact, maybe when you look up on a screen, you might see some bare bones.
OK, here's Tampa.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Listen to you on the internet up here.
Great.
That's still an interview bit.
It was great.
Isn't that fantastic?
Is there any way you could play more Phil?
That's my request.
Are you sure?
Positive.
Yeah.
Neil, do you know who Nick Abbott is?
No.
He's a DJ in England and he plays.
Well, Nick Abbott, that's my good buddy.
He used to be a group of you.
He used to come over to Iowa the other time and just obsessed with me.
Has any of Rogers blow up down?
Yeah, I was reading on the internet.
He's like real big over there.
And he claims like you guys, I'm starting in radio.
Right.
This was here.
Yeah, they kept threatening to, you know, they wanted me to go over there and put me on the year and all this other crap.
But I wouldn't last five minutes on the over.
And you know, they have no first amendment there.
Yeah, the stuffy.
So if you even said crap on the year over there, if you even took a crap.
They'd probably throw you ass in a whose go?
Yeah, those bricks are stuffy, huh?
They really are.
So more Phil, huh?
What is it?
More Phil.
Okay.
Thanks, ma'am.
Okay.
There you go.
Okay.
Two open lines in Dave County, 5667-0560, 0560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Got the phone fixed, baby.
Oh, right.
Thanks to the good to whoever did it from Bell South.
See, some of the guys that work for them are good guys.
Some of them are assholes, but some of them are really good guys.
And they're working feverishly to try to straighten our problems out.
Because they know that it's a bum-for-corporation.
Just like Media One with your crappy grainy picture that you keep putting out.
And that's where paying you for.
I think the next time I get my Media One cable bill, I'm just going to put a note in there and say,
Hey, stuff this where the Mondo chime.
When you get a picture that somebody might want to watch that you can actually make out some images on there,
then maybe I'll think about paying you, Jack Asses.
They don't give a crap.
It's another one of these monopoly deals, you know?
Here's Margate.
Hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
How you doing, man?
Okay.
Listen, who would know better about cigars than Quentin, but besides that?
Yeah.
He knows where to put them.
Yeah, really.
I've seen your buddy on a kind of frequency.
Hold still.
Well, they keep showing all again.
He said they should rerun that thing 4,000 times.
Yeah.
I've been on there, man.
Yeah.
It's not in kind of a frequency.
And I'd like to say, man, you're rock, man.
I watch you on Whammy on Neal at night.
Yeah.
You rock, man.
Although, even with those steel-old reruns that are like outdated and running out of time,
yeah.
But I'd just like to say you rock.
You're great.
Thank you.
You rock.
Okay, rock this.
Okay, you said it was 600 times.
We have an open line in the Broward.
5, 6, 7, and a Broward line to work in there.
Now that the phone's to work, we got some guy named Phone calls on there.
You know, let me say something profound.
Okay.
If you're going to do a talk show and have a telephone, this may be pretty radical,
but it helps when the four works.
How?
What a guy named Concept, huh?
I don't want to start getting worked up at all feverish here.
It's the holidays.
It's about, I thought this is a couple of weeks here.
It'd be a piece of cake.
We're doing all requests.
We're having a good time.
It's a goddamn party in here.
But when the phone works, when you got equipment that might actually get the job done,
which in this case, it's Bell South, but usually it's here on the inside.
Like when they can't get people on the year.
Like when Hank is doing the shows outside.
And you have to hear the Jimmy Johnson press conference soldered time because they can't get the line on the year.
Which is only happened, what, 75 times this month?
And we still got 10 days to go?
See, what I like, a station that is technically incompetent doing a lottery mode.
That's always a real good idea.
It's one of the ones that Ed is doing from the Bahamas.
Oh, the underwater show, the underwater gambling shows.
Boy Bridges is thinking about making a comeback for that.
Here's a mobile and fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
How are you doing?
Happy holiday.
Great. And same to you, sir. Our first caller, my line six today because they finally fixed the guy damn phone.
Hello.
Yes.
Listen, that Buffalo Bill skit is the funniest thing I've ever heard.
I laughed so hard. Yes, I almost crashed my car and went in my pants.
It is.
Like that again.
Right in your pants, you're right.
Did you play it again?
Yes, I will.
Thank you, sir. Happy holiday.
And back to you.
Thanks.
So I'm going to tell you anybody who doesn't find that the Buffalo Bill skit, which is called Body Augmentation, by the way,
for those who would like to request them the proper name, which is the only proper way to do it.
Body Augmentation.
That is one of the greatest things in the history of the human race.
And anybody who doesn't either understand it or laugh at it or get it, those people need very serious ass systems.
Here's a mobile on the Yosogra. Hello.
Happy holidays, Neil.
Same to you, sir.
And I couldn't forget whether the guy was saying like, he was hard or you were hard.
I couldn't forget what he was saying. Both.
Both.
One day I wanted to ask Neil, I called him just a minute or two.
I'm not sure which one was first, but go ahead.
Yesterday I heard you say something in fact about the first team or worst team.
They're going away.
Yeah, when you restart, let's see, what's the first January second?
What? That means the default can get out to the track lower earlier then, huh?
Right. That's right.
Well, they'll leave him a gulston, him to the youngest guy out there, because the media demographic, there is death plus 20, you know.
So the golden guy out there without blue hair.
Well, the first thing was doing great.
The gold came along. So he bought him down?
I think Geldey is the one that was the chigger in the wood pile.
I think he brought him right out of the bottom of the bottom.
So, one of the last day, Neil.
What?
One of the last day.
January, well, I don't know. I guess so. The day before maybe December 31.
Okay.
And happy anniversary.
Okay, and thank you so much.
Okay, one year anniversary, come up December 30th, micronary in the whole game.
I heard Henry Barrow and Roger Magdalene.
Magdalene is it? Is he Mary's, Ken DeMerry?
He heard him on it this morning on Waxi, because I was going to say it to myself.
I wonder who's on over there, because I couldn't listen to the worst thing.
I mean, they're so depressed and sad now that they're going off.
And so I was punching around.
I listened to Mr. Ego for about four seconds. He was going out about Clinton.
Should be impeached in Yadi Yadi.
Yeah, get out of here. Okay, Mr. Ego.
Go to all the most cheap spots.
And then I punched over to the stupid talk.
And I heard Mike Church on there again, filling in because I guess John Ford got blown out.
And then I flipped over to $7.90, wondering now that Mikey is off of there.
I was searching for a new home, which he isn't finding.
What are they still kind of, she I don't understand that.
Do you, in other words, if he couldn't afford that they were asking him too much money to buy his way on the year,
what's the arrangement that they got with Henry and Roger?
Or they just, I don't get it.
Maybe they're working for free. No.
Are they working for free?
Oh.
No, seriously. I mean, somebody is paying them.
So what the hell is that all about?
Maybe we'll find out, because I'm sure that they're both listening right now, aren't they?
Uh-huh. Of course.
Because I know Roger's very fond of you.
We have two open lines in Broward. The two that are working now, by the way, we don't want to see this live for a long 56670560,
pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Let's get a little bit of emotion out of these goddamn Broward bastards.
Another of the poor phone men worked his damn ass off.
Works feverishly to fix the phone.
Here's North Miami Beach. Hello.
President Clinton.
Yeah, okay.
Here's a mobile in Western. Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir. That was another Mickey work job. Yes. Hello.
Hello, Americans.
And back to you.
I finally figured a way how Terry Murray in Communicate, the special ed.
You know what he says?
Yes.
It puts the pot in the net.
In the basket, not bad.
And Eddie says one. I'm back to you, sir. Eddie says what?
It puts the motion in the basket.
We have an open line in three of Midbroward. Now that we got the Broward line, Victor, all dead.
Do you believe that they're still fixed? You are? No.
It could be one of those things. I don't know. Maybe the phone man is diddling with it and the phone lines too.
56070560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Lake Worth.
Hey, Neil. How are you?
Okay, sir.
Here's the deal. I got your CDs the other day. They are awesome.
Absolutely amazing. Yeah.
The thing is though, it doesn't sound like you on there.
Next year when you do the CDs, can you put some like pops and things like that?
So it sounds like you do on the radio.
Okay. I just, I didn't even think it was your voice. It's so crisp and clear.
Next year we're going to go out here and record it on 441.
So it's on like that.
Also, I tried to listen to Brook yesterday for about five minutes.
I just, like you said, my ears started bleeding.
It was horrible. I miss Rick and starts up there.
I listen to you. Keep me going. I'm in sales on the road and you just have a great day.
Okay, pal. All right.
Butch up. I mean, have a great one.
21 before 2. Well, Fiji and Lake Worthy needs to butch up because the youngest person
like Worthy's 400 years past the thosel of AIDS.
Or they're old people there or what?
Wow. Lake Worthy.
Yeah.
Packwood can't keep us packer in his pants.
This is Debbie.
Hi, Debbie. I'm interested in getting some operations done.
Okay.
And some body contouring and some liposuction.
And I was wondering if it's some tummy tuck.
And lip augmentation cosmetic breast surgery faced it for all of these things.
Uh-huh.
And I was wondering.
Well, you like to start with?
Well, I need to get everything done.
Probably the first thing I'd like to have removed is my thing.
Okay. We don't do that.
No. Could you do breast implants, though?
Uh, I can't be done.
But then I'll tell you what you're right with.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Uh-huh.
How much?
Uh, 5,000.
Excellent.
I'd like to have my skin resurfaced, too.
Uh-huh.
Laser surgery.
Uh-huh.
Have the lamb stop crying yet, mommy?
Hey, excuse me.
Don't hurt mommy's little baby.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I'd like to get the liposuction that I saw on TV.
Okay.
Can you make me look more like a woman?
Well, we'll have to see you first.
And then I'll be on looking after we can tell you that when we see you.
Should I wear my skin suit made of body parts, mommy?
Uh, if you'd like to.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Would you like to make an appointment?
Yes.
Okay. Um, there is a $100 consultation fee.
That's fine.
Okay.
Okay. Um...
My name is Buffalo Bill.
Okay, let me get a little information from you.
Okay.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I understand.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Do you want to come in for a consultation for a...
What's the lotion in the basket?
Uh, okay.
Would you like to make an appointment?
Or do you want to call me back?
What's the lotion in the basket?
I understand.
I got my skin suit and you're probably like,
Bill.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I understand.
Would you like to...
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Would you like to make an appointment?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Okay. I will talk to you in a time.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Hello?
And if you think that's funny,
Earl Mums of the Editor of the Sun Sentinel says,
we believe that non-gamers are interested in points,
as much as those who make bets.
Oh, yeah.
I'm never going to let...
I'm going to keep this here the rest of my life.
We believe that non-gamers,
that's why they put the points,
because those of us who are just casually interested
in the ball games,
we are checking those points,
and that's why we would make a bet you understand,
where just as interested in those compulsive gamblers
who listen to the App-Campolin show.
Here's a mobile in Papano.
Hello?
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Neil, how are you doing?
Great.
Okay, this is funny.
I'm driving up 95 right now.
Blue knots, these blank all over Santa Claus in a go kart.
Help traffic up to about 50 miles an hour
for about a half an hour.
Not that I got any place to go or anything,
but I couldn't believe it.
Nice.
Hey, shamelessly, Chris.
Yes, sir.
You still have the kart when you're on IOD
about the guy that loses his job
and that hinders telling his wife on the front.
Oh, I'll look for it.
Yeah, I'll look for it.
Okay, I have it right there.
Okay, okay.
Oh, that one's dead.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Hello, Neil.
Yes?
Can I get a shameless request, please?
Yeah.
The GELD song?
GELD?
Yeah.
Okay.
Thank you, Neil.
Have a nice holiday, GELD.
Two.
So you just have a big swan here.
That's what Joseph is.
GELD.
GELD.
Talking on a court show.
Trying to be my show.
Your voice sounds just like a saddened year of girls.
A little foretold show.
What else are you there for?
GELD.
GELD.
GELD.
Talking like a baby.
Moody's a little dreamy.
White and you understance.
You don't have like a man.
We move the rubber band.
That shows your throat sounds healthy.
Healthy.
Healthy.
GELD.
You're lucky that it's been so tough.
Cause GELD.
You don't belong there on the air.
And GELD.
The sports can wait till your voice cracks.
Cause anyone who sounds like that should find another job.
And they should only take you back when both your baby drops.
So GELD.
GELD.
When you're gonna grow up.
You make that want to grow up.
You silly, squeaky, boo.
Go to broadcasting school.
You're free to dance at school.
Thank you.
Now I talk about your heart.
Your heart.
I'm just wondering.
You think Henry is gonna be starting with Roger McGillin,
also in the literary starts in January too.
Interesting.
You'll have to tune in to fight out against Henry Barrow and Roger McGillin.
One surprise me if they're around there with a little Mikey.
Doin' their Uga Booga.
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hey, happy anniversary, sir.
Thank you so much.
Oh, let me take this out to the stick out of my mouth.
Do I speak to you?
Okay.
Good to first one, Collin.
You're sure on QAM.
Yeah.
So I said a year is good enough to wait.
So that's one called happy anniversary.
Question.
Did anybody ever tell you about the bookster about two weeks ago?
He was doing a show on Thursday?
No.
And he's still there.
He's shown with the openness of West Side Story.
And then out about four.
The bookster was playing show tunes?
Yeah.
Oh boy.
We get a show.
I told you.
I remember because the Thursday is the only day I listened to the show.
Yeah.
Listen to the five, six, down the way home.
Listen to the Jimmy Johnson show.
Yeah.
And he's not on about four mother efforts on the ear.
Really?
Not dumping it.
Yeah.
Yeah, but that was four shows.
It's a sports show.
It's okay, sir.
Yeah, he just came out of the lead.
I have to be finally caught hunt through it.
He came out of the lead and was like, oh well.
And I just started his show.
Yeah, right.
Okay.
We have a good one.
And you two, thanks for the good news.
Okay.
Well, how do you like that?
It's a sports show.
We can say anything we want on a sports show, right?
Yeah.
Because I know he always does.
What's wrong with that?
Words that the rest of us go to jail for saying,
but if it's a sports show, hey, you know, it's like when you're watching a ballgame,
especially the hockey games that they got the microphones,
we're close to the ice, so you can hear all the national, the ice on the,
the escapes on the ice and the hitting and the screaming.
And every word that's ever been invented is on there like all through the game.
It's okay because it's a sporting event.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hi, Neil. How are you?
Great.
Happy anniversary and happy holidays.
Thank you.
Happy whatever.
I have a request, but I'll leave that for later.
Yes.
I'm going to Vegas in two weeks.
Yeah.
And how's the weather up there in January?
Like, the whole week of January?
Real cool.
I'd say like 45 in the day time.
25 at night.
I'll give it a take.
Oh, that's great.
So heavy clothes.
Yeah, not too bad, though.
That's good.
But anyway, my shameless request is bad pike.
Okay, I have a great day.
Thanks.
No chance.
Okay, we have an open line in day one in Paris.
You understand about this?
We're never going to be able to make it till the new year.
In fact, I'll make a list tomorrow right at the beginning of bits that we will absolutely not play until after the year.
That will be one of them, by the way.
Jacket of Box, bagpipes, young Neil Bridge Tender.
Anything else?
Now, body on my face and she...
What is it?
Prison.
Oh, prison, but you won't hear that for July, maybe?
