Great listen, um, I saw that game too, and it was a farce. There was at least there was at least one second left
Right after he spiked the ball there was definitely time had not expired. I know it was for the crowd
The referee had expired
Money on the game, right, but what is it?
Have anyone called to say bag it at all to you? Not yet. You want it yet? Can I be the first? Go ahead?
Bag it. Thank you. Hey, Neil. Yeah, you're the king. You're the best and the queen and I want to give a shout out
Yeah, for my friend Vito the meter cutter. Oh, that's right. Okay, and I was just me. I'll tell you that how's your mother doing? Okay?
Don't great. Is she still around? She's just still around. All right. I hope your bank gets fixed. Okay. All right. Me too
There you go. Now do I want blood to be sure that what I didn't ask him. He was a holy old wasn't he?
He was a spick. Oh, yeah
Got a lot of spicks out there, man. I'm gonna tell you something those spicks. Those are the good people. Okay. Those are the clean people
What do you think they got that spicking spam from?
Those are the clean people. They're the ones that keep it clean. Of course they have to work harder to do it
But they keep it clean. They scrub it. They rub it. They wash it. I use a lupa. They mostly rub it
That's where they get that pecorino from baby. You want some serious cheese? Go down a little Havana. You can smell it in the air everywhere
I have no idea what I'm talking about. I have no clue. I'm so wound up. I think it's this food. I think my blood sugar is stabilized
Finally, then great food. Then thank you speaking of good food. Let's talk about Mama Mary's again. Okay
Mama Mary's now there's another one that begins with a bee. I don't want to say bobbily
I don't want to talk about the other one. I'm like and forget about that. It's a bread show. It's it's direct
If you want to go to the supermarket and get yourself a real pizza crust
Made from the best ingredients cholesterol-free. They use pure honey no sugar no crap
Just a real great honest to goodness pizza crust seven inch or twelve inch then pick up a mama Mary's you take it home
You smear on your olive oil. That's the secret. I'm telling you try somebody who's spent enough time in Italy to be a real whop
Okay, you're smear on your olive oil you put on your sauce you put on your mozzarella you put on your toppings
You preheat the oven you're sticking in there for ten minutes and you have got a
Delicious pizza you're not gonna believe. I'm not the yank in you. I'm telling you this is really great stuff
Far a million times better than any frozen you've ever had and even much better than a lot of that delivered crap
You get and of course each crust has a no-spill edge that lets you bake your pizza without a pan
Right there on the thing in the oven so it really has that baked in the oven taste
So give it a try one time you're gonna be stocking up on a whole lot of these for the family and the friends in whomever
Mama Mary's gourmet pizza crust. They're easier. They're faster. They're better for you and less expensive by the way than the competition
Pick up your mama Mary's gourmet pizza crust in the deli section of your local supermarket
This is five sixty q a m
I like on five sixty q a.m. You know the funeral for Diana
With this whole big pseudo-religion thing religion had nothing to do with it. Here's Elton John sitting there at the piano
Ah, how can a trinic singing this thing and here's Tony Black getting up there reading from the scriptures
But he could have been reading from Grimm and Spiritedales. They didn't make any difference and
You know, what is that all about and then of course the the brother gets up there
I mean did we including me did the whole world get sucked in by this asshole or what?
He gets up there when he's talking about the paparazzi and about your last moments in bapaban with this
Condescending attitude and the evil paparazzi. He wants to set it 65,000 god damn paparazzi. I kind of like the way he said it
And then not so rotsie and the stokker rotsie
And by the way, what's the difference between a serial killer and a spree killer?
That's another one I forgot over the summer when the kunanan thing was going on all the talking hits since they really
This this was one of the best and you notice how fast that thing disappeared other than they opened up the files
The other day and found nothing made a big deal about that
You notice how fast that story went away you want to know why
Because they don't know anything
Because other than the people who were his friends in San Diego and knew him before other than that
Everything that happened from the time he left there is all conjecture
Including that movie they made
With Stephen Bauer wasn't Stephen a net. Oh thank god. He's circumscribed
Stephen was in that our buddy stevy ra key etgevarria he was in there
And then the kid they had played kunanan it looked a lot better in kunanan did by the way
I guarantee you that kid would not have gotten turned down by jack Campbell
But at any rate and then there was that paperback book and I yes I got sucked in
I mean a lot of time on planes a lot of reading
I got the paperback book today it came into bookstore
Andrew kunanan in the story the piece of crap
Some wop wrote that he don't know Andrew kunanan from Andrew Jackson
from Keith Jackson
And nobody knew from nothing
But anyway getting back to the brother he turns out to be an asshole
This guy turns out to be in his wife
It ran in a family I guess they were all sticking their fingers down their throat
Their family was keeping our brains up
And he gets up there and he's lecturing he's lecturing the winters those miserable German bastards
You know masquerading as british the Germans are bunch of Germans is explaining you why they look like that and they act like that
The only one who's having a good time is fill up he screw and everything that moves he's having a good time
Daddy I want to see the spice girls. They're right
Isn't that something what a joke that is
I think William I think he's gonna be one of the spice girls before he finishes
Oh brother what a what a simmiss that was and then you know and he just has this divorce
They fight out the guy the wife was puking and he was cheating on her and he was screwing everything that moved
Which also runs into family and he's up there lecturing the papadazzi in the world and by the Windsor family
They're all a bunch of crap and they had more money than god too by the way anyway
You know they got all that big all that big property up there that balmoral
Which is more than just the racetrack in Chicago by the way balmoral is in this huge estate with
millions millions of dollars
And that's all theirs
But they were nice enough to let the boys hang out there while they were grieving
While they were counting mommy's money
1215 on 560 qa m is the world continues getting sucked in by you know tami fae is that in here yet?
No, oh that's got to get in here because as much of a bitch and as much of a overmaid up baker as she was
And a co-conspirator and a psycho babbling idiot
That line where she says the media is sick and each help badly which is on the thing there by the way that she's I gave you
um, she's right
We got a bunch of lunatics who are you know
They're manipulating the whole god damn world and telling people all this is important
And the nanny is important in those septuplets. Oh my god. This is a wonderful thing that people are over reproducing like a bunch of cockroaches like a bunch of rabbits
Like I said the other day leave that to the ethics and let's let the white people stick to two kids
Here's a in fact, I think we saw us they're doing what they do in China
What is it one or two? I think it's one isn't it or two? It's one now
And if you have a second one you have to throw it in the river right and if you have a third kid
That's it
Good idea here's a mobile in deer field hello
mobile in deer field gone
Well, he had a way through the break and through the monologue and through the lecture and the psycho he's not gonna hang on here
What are you dreaming they can't hear nothing here's a mobile in Miami hello
mobile in Miami
See none of the mobils are gonna be there at that point
So five six seven oh five sixty five six seven oh five six oh
Let's do
North Miami hello
Going for four to go for four in a row. Okay, let's try for four here's four lotterdale. Hello. Yeah
We finally hit one all right
I'm just a poor white kid with a regular phone. Uh-huh listen
I was just wondering you think we're gonna be bored and bombarded with the Kennedy crap now that this other kid bit the dust
No, I don't think so. I don't and nobody cares who cared about this guy
This is the one that was banging a 14-year-old babysitter right with it seems like whenever they get a chance to jump on the Kennedy
Crying, you know all that crap about you know there. I'm sick of it. I won't want you know
I was a big Kennedy fan. I got sucked in and I still think you know Kennedy was a pretty good president
If we didn't pay attention to Marilyn Monroe and the fact that he was screwing Giancana's girlfriend and the fact that so yeah
Everything else you know I wonder it's it's all when you start reading real history and you start realizing that it's all bull crap
And it's all just a facade and underneath they're all a bunch of crooks and when you start reading about the old man
Joe Kennedy the worst maybe the biggest gangster of them are he's the worst. Yeah, you know the thing I don't understand
Neal is that you know these presidents senators their men
You know and they they have flaws and I can't believe the big deal that people make over the fact that I mean if that's the worst thing
The man did yeah, you made a beltry. That's right. I mean before he was president. He was a man
I say Frank Gifford for president and that's what men do he's too old
Yeah, I mean well man like to screw around a lot. What's wrong with that and the fact that he's got a different job shouldn't matter
It's right. Okay, man. Well said. Thank you. You got my vote cool. Yeah
It's right nobody cares about who's screwing home. They like they want to know about it
But they really don't care about it
As they say in their heart of hearts and I'd like to know who came up with that expression because I hate people who say in your heart of hearts
Bob well, oh she say that was one of hers. Oh, do I hear you?
Oh, what kind of a
Don't pick on Roseanne by the way, they had a great the peace on her the other day
On MSNBC once in a while they have a good thing on here not very often
Usually they have John Gibson sitting there and looking like a mannequin
But they had a good thing on Roseanne Rosanna Dana
Which it's hard to believe by the way that she was married to Gene Wilder
In fact, it's hard for me to believe that anybody was married to Gene Wilder. Here's a mobile in South Miami. Hello
Neil yes, sir another thing about that Diana bitch. Yes
Okay, she's such a great mother how come she sends a kiss off the boarding school and she's off halfway around the country
I'm calling in the back of a limb. That's right. How come she was out there on that yacht with that multi-billionaire with that with that Arab figure
Who was spending all her daddy's money on doping everything else on fast cars
Yeah, how come nobody wants to talk about the fact that she was gonna give up all the charity work this year
That's getting bitch. She was gonna quit right and one of the thinking bitch. Yeah, I say one more thing. Yes
Brian Murray in the late words of Rocky Etter Veria
What a hole
Okay
Oh, so when is that couldn't animal be coming out by the way? I mean a story is the story is colder than Versace's body by now
You know, and then the days that followed the Giannis murder there on the beach and I saw all these local shows on air and there were the our friends remember ocean drive magazine
And they were very nice to watch and I mean they got a good sense of humor
But of course they were afraid I guess they were gonna lose a lot of business now that's terrible. I shouldn't say that
But they they were tight with him because they're into that artsy farcey faggy. You know that it's it's all part of that thing
You know George you are money and Versace and
Calvin Klein now there's at least Calvin Klein's got good taste
Right
Yeah, it's okay
At least if he picks out some adolescence in underwear at least they look pretty good most of them
As opposed to these real real bizarre asexual
Unic look in the things that they put in these fashion shows then you see the fashion shows and you see the women wearing these ridiculous
Brawlapsacks and you think who the hell would wear those things who would wear these are and of course the answer is nobody
Nobody
Except for some of these newbie hoi-yi-twiti multi-millionaires who hang them in their broom closet
Yeah
Right like Diana that's fucking bit jazzy another one. How'd you like to see all the how'd you like to see all the outfit?
She had in her closet, huh?
We did shocked them an auction them off remember yeah, she's auctioning that's right
She auctioned them off and then this guy over here this pick is auctioning off the furniture at the houseboat where Conan
And was a here is a debate little yeah, how is it that he's got the stuff? What does that? I guess nobody wanted it
They were thrown it out because it was a lot of surprising little business man that's
I would have more power to him. He said you know, I think there was something up there
I think he was probably feeding him and he knew he was in there
But in the meantime look at all the embarrassment and all the money. He said the FBI and the police
They'd still be looking for this spagot. They'd still be looking for that crazy son of a bitch if it wasn't for this little
Spick and then of course he had to go through a big thing to get the reward. What is that all about?
Thank God for John wall. That's all I have to say. You know, I used to hate John wall. I don't know why
Because I thought he was exploiting his kids murder
Of course he was
But I do like that show that's a good show. Maybe I'm just like him because it's a good show in the front of kids head in the canal
You know, what would you do?
Do a TV show
Yeah, good point. Okay, here's a plantation. Hello. Hey, how you doing?
You pretty good three things real quick
You notice since publics had that big settlement that women were not getting promoted right our new publics down the street now over by
So our graph. Yeah, a lot of women now up front
Son and stuff. You notice that?
There always been a lot of women in there. Yeah, but they're but I mean moved into a mansion position. Oh, I see
Yeah, oh, yeah
Well, that's bad news for me because all the managers of that store the guys they're they love me
Yeah, they're not every time I go in there. They open up another aisle just to make sure I can cash out and don't rip them on here
I love my people at publics
And also what is with the construction on like would you live and on between
Hiatus and and we're getting a stoplight at
187. Oh, let's hear it. We're getting a stoplight. God bless America
In plantation acres. It's only about three years overdue
We're getting a stoplight to sign you up if they ever get the damn light up and it's sidewalk too believe it or not
Oh god
Listen, I live down a road and Fox run and I just want to say last week
There some kids had been from vandalisms or gangs
No swastik is and gang writing all over someone's
Garage door. That's real cute. Nice and a police this
Yeah, well, they don't know. You know, we got a lot of punks out there in the acres. Yeah, I'll wait Neil God bless you
Okay pal, have a great day a lot of punks
Well, we'll be watching okay. No questions asked
We have an open line if you move quickly if you rush if you hop right on it 5 6 7 0 5 6
The 5 6 7 0 5 6
60 and pound 5 60 actually the problem in here is today. I'm too comfortable
Because I got the new headset with a little mic attacks. I look like keep Jackson only not a spand
and with less hair and
And you got your both hands I got both hands free
So I can you know do a little one of these and a little smoke a little stokey over here
Even though mommy of course is listening. I'm not really smoking a cigar
I'm just pretending to smoke a cigar mind your own damn business, okay
Oh, man, and we fed those people huh?
We invited them over for lunch remember in the first show who the the whole orifice across the hall
I got news for it
You know bluff Lindsay may be concerned about the dentist across the orifice, okay? My comment to him is drill this
Just get out of our face
Oh, you're not you guys aren't smoking cigar first all the audience could see how much space there is between where we are
Which might or is closed by the way? I don't know about yours. No, but but the we are and there and even the hallway out there
There's got to be about 50 yards to five offices between us exactly
So what is this guy over there? He must be doing a thriving business that they got nothing better to worry about than are we smoking cigars
Over here at QAM
Yes, we are smoking cigars and would you like one? Oh, you're welcome. That's probably what he's looking seeing you duff don't understand
He wasn't concerned that we were smoking he want to why he isn't getting any and cigars either
I know why he isn't getting any I've seen that staff
Okay 12 25 on 5 60 W Q a M don't forget to hopper the thumper Hank Goldberg to this afternoon two to six
We got the king the queen the apprentice the princess we got eight hours of ass kicking here every day Monday through Friday
It's gonna be astonishing
And of course it helps to have absolutely no competition. Thank you queer channel. We like it
I deal automotive and truck accessories has just what every auto and truck enthusiast needs over 120 000 square feet of inventory
Including ground effects toolbox and sliding rear windows bug shields vet visors tail light covers
Camper tops for full-size trucks for many trucks. They've got thousands zillions billions trillions of accessories in stock
Ideal automotive and truck accessories has the biggest inventory of not skid bedliners to all would lifetime warranties
Ideal carries your fiberglass running boards painted about your truck
You really have to see it to believe what an amazing place this is and you got to look close at those prices to believe
That you can get everything there so cheap because they sell to you direct that's wholesale by an hour make no payment for 90 days with approved credit
And nobody nowhere beats these wholesale prices ideal automotive and truck accessories 65 60 power line rope
You'll find them in the big yellow building just north of Cypress Creek road in Fort Lauderdale
You can call them toll free from anywhere. It's 1 800 621 64 64
1 800 621 64 64 their ideal automotive and truck accessories the Neil Roger show now
Excusively on sports radio 560 QAM QAMs got the hammer hate Goldberg weekday
Afternoon the two
Guys really game I want more Chris more cost voice real high
On when I listen to the sports
A mainly voice won't get my attention
But we really get to be said for the short the squeaky high voice will give me an erection
Well, I hate what they're doing on QAM
But that's back it back on again. I'm going to miss here. It's straight man with voices this high
Now I'll have to get deeper in that closet again
So I can impress all the macho friends
The check out Chris more at night to help him pay the sign
Yeah, there ain't nothing like having macho sports guys and voices has some traction
They were 12 years old
Can't elect that
They have stand up real close to the radio and press the sound
Get their voices on up there really makes my balls think so
And that chrome man, well, he's harder than my bread brother
1229 on 560 QAM don't forget by the way the best way to enjoy path is hockey is to turn on QAM
Turn down the sound and turn on your TV
Okay, let's go to
Well, I got to get used to this North Miami Beach. Hello
North Miami Beach
Yeah, I got it like I said got used to that too, but I doubt it here's a mobile in four-loader Dale. Hello
Hello, yes, sir. Is this Neil? This is Neil
Let me ask you question, Neil. What you wear wrong?
Did you have to get lucky enough to stop at a place called a large pirate or lovely little hotel there?
No, I did not. I know where that is. Oh, I ought to stop there. You really enjoy it. It's in the enemy's belt. It's on the middle of nowhere
Well, it isn't that far. Not a good location
It's 15 minutes from the center of town from why?
15 minutes from the center of town. Okay
Really
I live in Spain part of the time and I spend quite a lot of time in Italy. You live in Spain? In Spain, yeah, don't they?
Don't wear? Yeah, my bear. I beg your pardon? Up in the mountain from my bear. Uh-huh. You know what that is?
No, I do not. Well, you know where my bear is. No, I don't. You know part of the news is? No, I don't. Malaga. Yeah
All right, well, it's down towards you. It's a ball from there. Okay. Going down in that direction
I thought everybody knew where my bear was. No, not me. I'm just a dummy. I'm just a dummy. Oh
Very smart. Let's talk to the local from right to the north. I'm a dianist gown. Yeah. What is your people?
I forget what his name was that I wouldn't be done those things anyway
I'm too big for the key said in any way. I'm a queen if you was only a princess
There you go. I thought it was a very funny line. That was beautiful
Yeah, yeah
Also your friend Wayne who I just like intensely and I just like it personally
Because of his change in name Joe Robbie stadium, which really would not have it wasn't first Joe Robbie
You're not only wouldn't we have the stadium? We wouldn't have the baseball team
We probably wouldn't have any more football team. That's right Joe Robbie
We didn't like a lot of things about Joe including the fact that he was anti-semitic
But let's face it without having
Joe Robbie. Oh give me a break. He was a good catlick boy. Oh, was he really? Yes. Yeah. I didn't tell me told me he was
Well, I'm not from far to you. In fact, he was he was so non-Jewish he might have even had foreskin
But guarantee he was not Jewish. Oh, okay. He learned something very important here today, sir
That's right. We had the you know we had our own problems. We had
Oh, it belonged away. He built that stadium with his own money. I believe in some other people's
Okay, Wilson have a great day. Okay. We have two open lines five six seven oh five sixty five six seven oh five sixty
First we had Mickey Harrison and before him we had his father Tana who's over there in Israel with his nine billion dollars
And before him we had Myrlansky
So we got a few bad apples in every bunch. Okay. We sure as hell don't have to take credit for Joe Robbie
Who was most definitely a very good catlick boy and not Jewish
Where we going? We're going to Delray Beach. Hello
Yeah, the fact that Randy Rose turns 40 in a couple of weeks
Okay, we have an open line where that asshole was just on five six seven
It's only taken three shows to get that idiot on air out Rogers
Which you will not be on the show including the Italian iceman including Mitch from the Ovidio store
Including any of these products and gonna happen foul
Ain't gonna happen because unlike Rick Riley. I know the voices two seconds, man, but I'm being
You're gone
Unbelievable. This is the same guy that was stalking Randy Rose that was making her life miserable not interested misfit get a life
Here's Pemberpine. Hello
So
Pemberpines
Going once let's try this one in Pemberpine. Hello. Hello. That's you. Yes. Yeah. Yeah
Uh, I'm calling from Pemberpine time. I'm a tool. Okay, five six seven oh five what you laughing about
I'm not putting him on air for let him call up Sandy Peyton for Christy. Let him call out Lardas limbaugh not talking to old fart
This is a young people station for people under the age of 90 which he don't qualify
This guy was older than mfusla's great grandpa get out of here pal
Go squeeze the bag and get out of my face
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the mobiles here's North Miami Beach. Hello. Yeah. Yes, sir. Welcome back
How do you like that old fart trying to smudge the little nice try
Uh, well besides a couple of other idols
Princess Diana and uh and god and oh yeah and the other
bitch that died which one was that
What's your name? Oh mother Teresa. Yeah, well, I'd be young also died. Who?
Robby young yeah, yeah, he's yeah, so bit the dust
And Michael Kennedy yeah, well John Denver
People John Denver man, it's going around they're all dying and how about Chris uh, what's his name?
Yeah
Yeah
Yeah, what is that chicken? What is it? We're still here man
We're still kicking and it takes a look and and say how to John Cameron Swaisy for me
Open line at 5 6 7 0 5 6 the 5 6 7 as as the call went on he started sounding older. You know what's that?
I don't want to say we don't want to talk to old people on this show, but uh, we don't only do the thanks for calling lady
We make an exception for
And by the way, I have a feeling
I thought I thought I saw her in the thing here. I got a wrong there she is
Okay, here's Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. What is this? I want to welcome you back to the radio. Thank you so much
Uh-huh, you know that sticker that put in the back of the car
What is it called the mean people suck? What does it say? It says mean people suck mean people suck
They forgot the other half
Nice people swallow yeah, you like that. I love it. Oh, can you say something about how you're spotted?
He's back in the political arena again. Why did they let him out? Or didn't you know?
I thought they had him in a rubber room somewhere this now the mayor of Miami like I don't know that
Well say something about it. He's doing acid
He is yeah, when it was mayor the first time he was doing ass now. He's just doing acid
Okay, okay amigo. I'll read it out. I read that. Ciao
Okay, or is it for Joe Conroyo man? Just when he was starting to get his brains unscrabbled and do a halfway decent job
And we had a few bucks in the city and I would get this man and there's acting like a madman
He's breaking down in tears. He's firing this one the chief of police. He's doing too good of a job
That's what happens when you let a bunch of fascists in there running your goddamn government
Next thing you know, they'll be digging up the teased his body and bringing him back to Miami-Dade County
Miami-Dade County my ass. Oh god. Is this a dumb place?
Miami-Dade County
Here's a mobile and four-letter deal hello
Neil yes, sir welcome back. Thank you. Yes, I'm not pretty good. Aren't I? Yes, you are
I miss you quite a bit
Also, we need to get some this
Just bloodborne here which you use to get everybody including my
I don't want to know yeah because there's a lot of things a lot of issues has been
Passed to the waistline because fish have been gone. Yeah, so I do appreciate animal lectural be real excited about it
Yeah, I wish you just get get back on everybody
Get in there and I can't be and have us so we we have a little bit more things to talk about in this town
All right, we appreciate your time guy and and like I say happy new year and welcome back and have a great 98
Amigo YouTube guy. I'll read it out you bye. Right. Ciao. Okay. We're gonna be doing a show on a tagging starting very soon
By the way, I think on Monday
I was gonna do it today, but I don't want to take up the time and I don't want to piss off Hank
Okay, I don't want to do a close day show because then you know, he'll think that we're tuning the audience out
What we're trying to do is get Hank such a gigantic lead in since he was already number one an afternoon drive in the last
Trans-last book and for quite some time now that he's like number one half
Because that's what we want him that's what we aspire to be here on QAM is number one half in midday and afternoon
And number like maybe one in the morning and in the evening. Well
That's another now. I was gonna play the best record that's ever been made
Because during the seventh see I really didn't go on vacation during the seven months that I was off that I got my paid vacation
I just sat around listening to every record that's ever been made and then of course
I decided which is it when I decide that's the definitive word
No, that nobody would argue with it. I have the best record
What oh back to our boys. Yeah, I like the back to our boys
Those good boys and kids they love God and Jesus and holy moly
This is the best record that was ever made
It's easy to highlight that the best not the best pal
That was ever made
I'm not gonna play
You don't agree that this is the best record in history. It's a very good reaction by a hero's
Very good this record
The his performance on this song is enough to make my
I like it. It's very good, but you don't think I don't think it's the best
In 45 and there's you know, they're just they're fine. There's nothing wrong with
Well, it's a good thing that I got these ear things on my ears. You see the steam coming out of both of them right now you little spick
You're not can arrow Smith now you idiot
I know there's nothing there's nothing there's just fine
There's a great there's a great there's adequate they're adequate, huh?
Like you you can relate to it adequate
Isn't that isn't that what El Pichino said in dog day afternoon adequate adequate
He was waving a hanky adequate adequate
Or was it a calivate? I'm not really sure
By the way here on St. Catherine Street, Montreal. They got a gigantic gildo and the frogs are hopping on it
That's what I heard that's a rumor about one of our Ojan provocateurs who are faggots that caught early in the show today
He was special. He was good
Pro 38 and 560 QAM are you hungry? Are you really jones and out there for something really good to pop in your purse and maybe some food too?
Are you tired of fat foods? Well Wayne's got the solution to both questions not that Wayne by the way
We're talking about our friend Wayne Wayne Arnold's one and only world castle at
1 24 90 Northwest 7th Avenue North Miami right in the corner 125th and 441 where you can eat foods cook the old-fashioned way
Prepared right in front of your puss and if it's cooked in sight, you know it's right
Wayne Arnold uses blue ribbon ground beef in the Royal Castle burgers
Try their Rochester red and white huts with Wayne's own homemade Italian meat sauce
All of their over a hundred food items are served every day 24 hours a day even on suckers
Including breakfast. Don't forget to Wayne Arnold's Royal Castle. They never closed
They provide warm-friendly old-fashioned service and old-fashioned prices with a winning smile for incredibly satisfying taste visit
Wayne Arnold's Royal Castle in North Miami
Just take i 95 good off in northwest
125th Street exit go a block west to northwest 7th Avenue which be 441 and you are there
Man you are right there eat in or call ahead for quick pickup and believe me at night you want quick pickup call
305 68 153 46 that 68 153 46 there's never a hassle at Wayne Arnold's Royal Castle
Right?
This is all the parades in the marching and the smearing and the carrying on during the funeral
um
Not really a parade what do you call a funeral procession whatever the hell they call it
So princess Edward. I mean prince Edward
You notice how they kept her in the background?
First of all, he's developed this big bald spot even worse than mine and number two
They're a little uh because they're all they all have these great reputations as woman are as womanizers all the men in the Royal family
the winters
And the princess Edward unfortunately a little bit off a little bit off key just a little bit on the other side of the fence
So they kind of like keep him way in the back
And of course that bitch that was married to the other queen what the hell is her name Margaret?
He was also married to a packet here's a mobile in Davie. Hello
Mobile in Davie
See we just had to break in their gun. They're always going to be gone on there after the break because they can't hear the break
They can't hear the spots
You
You know my only response to that knowing these bastards. I mean let's get serious. Sorry Rick
Sorry about that, but I just I love that
One let's have to take
Well listen just relax okay, don't start being a technical
Perfection is now because we're doing the best we can and this keep in mind. This is paradise to the other joint over there the cow pasture
So just keep that in mind who you have no idea. I do have an idea
Here's a mobile and four-letter. Hello. Hey, oh god. Yes, sir. You know, I'm happy new year sir
Hey, I'm here. You're here. You know what a great way to start the new year on a goddamn near Roger show
Exactly. I mean where else could it be better than this?
Right, which is bad because I got to go to Arkansas next week. Oh forget about that
And I really wanted to listen to you and I'm like trying to figure out how I can get my laptop to bring in the audio net
For wqa. I'm over there. Uh-huh
So I'm really you know and I wasn't gonna ask you about its whole free line also because I was gonna be stuck there. No
Oh, but damn damn them people. Yeah, we're gonna have a toll free line. Are we?
Last time I heard
Are we doing no? Okay, well, man
I just wanted to tell you that if I was I mean I'm a 27 year old
And a sexual male and if I was 27 year old almost sexual male, I would enjoy your company
Okay pal, where have a great trip where do you see he was going
Little rock in bread. Saw I can say
Well, I know my sister all my life
That is why she's now my wife
And I think my son may know it's true
He's my nephew too
Well my daddy is my uncle Joe the mother is my dear and
Oh, it is very plain to see my first cousin is me
Oh
Okay, let's go to Kendall on what I'm three hello
Hey, okay, no one two three here's Kendall. Hello. I'm I'm here. Okay, no other way to my radio for you
Yes, sir. Uh welcome back. Thank you. It's so good. I'd hear you. I'm so happy. I would almost say it's good to be back
And it is you know during this December, January, February, March
Where the hell are you going to go and travel and have good weather anyways? You know as well be here working your ass off
Well, I'm just glad it's been a desert recently and that's right
This town learned to appreciate what a what a breath of fresh air I was when I was gone for seven months. Yeah
I only listened to Greg on once and that was it
That was I couldn't believe what they had on there and I knew I'd listen to what I would hear
I mean after you hear the description of his girlfriend's bomb moments the first 20 or 30 times
That's that's basically got a pretty good picture of what it's like
Yeah, that's that whatever. I'm just happy. I'll be here yet welcome back. I do have one one shameless request
Uh-oh
But you don't like it. Oh go me. Oh okay party takes a dump when you play that and you came back
Is that I heard yours? I boy
Can you play a bagpipe with the idea? Okay, how about that instead? Have a great day. Thanks
See what they don't understand is it's not a question to do I want to play stuff?
It's a question of do we have our fingers on it and the stuff too? That's the question
As we're working frantically now
I realized that the uh the people here only had seven months to get the stuff together
And it wouldn't have been any fun if we would have had a couple of weeks leeway and walked in here and everything was set
We were all set up to do a real show. It's no fun. The audience is used to kind of piecemeal
Oh, we don't have this we're not we're working on it because otherwise you got everything already and then you play it once
And it's gone now they have something to look forward to here's pember pines hello
Pember pines
Yeah, pember pines. This is a minus straight with Neil. Yes
I'm not really from skokie or the nigh. Yes, and I look forward to coming to Florida. Uh-huh
There's this old guy hung up on before I didn't know I hung up on you. What are you hung up on me sir? How dare you
Uh old you from skokie. How do you like that?
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the mobile's 18 T wireless and mobile one on bullet this bastard hangs up on me
And now he admits it the second time he calls back. He's got the balls to call me back after he hung up on me the first time
You've got some freaking nerve man go back to skokie with a band you on your anus
Here's Miami. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. You're the best. How do you like that? Uh, you I don't know how we can treat you
to hang up on
Anyways, I'm glad you're back in town and I'm well I'm glad you're back on the radio
Um, now we got a hockey expert back in town so I could ask you some questions and get your opinion on go right ahead
Sir, you get the answers right here. Did you happen to see the senators brewing game?
The unbelievable zero zero uh, you know something I turned it on during breaks in the Rose Bowl
And quite frankly as little as I like college football the Rose Bowl was a million times more entertaining
Than the coma. I mean between Dale Arnold doing the game which puts you in a coma even during a good game
That was just pathetic that it was an embarrassment there were some good saves in the game
But I just wanted to ask you question, you know, I'm sure you're aware of you know
The scoring is way down in the NHL, you know something I say leave it alone
I realize the scoring is down
Don't start messing with the game. I hate these people. They want to eliminate the center red line
They want to raise the net two inches
I think I think I think the easiest thing to do there are two things that have been suggested that makes sense
Number one is on a penalty even a two-minute minor you leave the whole two minutes on there many many years ago
They used to do it that way and are they changed it you leave the whole two minutes even if a team scores that way can score more than one
Goal on a power play and number two cutting down on the goalies equipment now last year
Some of these guys especially guards no one to flyers. He was wearing
Shoulder pads that even Joan Crawford would have been embarrassed by it would cover the whole goddamn net
How the hell can you score a goal when a goalies weren't equipment?
I say get those pads shaved down and no more of the big shoulder pads and let's get back to a real game
I got one thing for you and I'll tell you another good idea get the goalie and take the mast off like they used to be real man
Hey
Neil's I'm here. Okay. Neil's God and that means Ray Whitney's Jesus. All right. Take it easy. Go see him
I'm speaking of the Boston Bruins. Where the hell? I mean Dale Arnold doing the Bruins game
We have to have an investigation
I'm gonna go up that I'm gonna move up there for a few months and conduct my own personal private campaign
So that we get Fred Qsick to come out of retirement the Bruins are having a pretty good year after mission to playoffs last year for the first time in 400 years
And Fred Qsick goes in and retirement. They got a pretty good pat for ins there
They got a pretty decent young team and we've got Dale Arnold who is a stale as last year's Mata, okay?
Doing the games and Fred Qsick went in to retirement at least two years early
21 seconds left face off to the right of Tugnut
Those score
First period Mueller now against Oats
That's a roll off shot
Oh
Directing one up in Boston were 18 seconds left
The great Fred Qsick one of the greatest ever and by the way speaking of great since I have this particular mini-disc in there
Anyway speaking of great announcers who know how to make a game exciting especially a playoff game or an important game
And maybe Christina might be listening now on the way to the airport or wherever they're going. I'm sure he is
Even though we protest a lot
This business of one the other team scores a goal practically like whispering and mumbling like well
It's insignificant. I got news for you man
You have a lot to learn pal. Even though I don't think it's ever gonna happen the great announcers
They knew how to make a team a goal exciting in a game exciting
Even when the other team was scoring a goal jackass
Not for the leaves and here's the leafson answer
But it's a playoff game
It's in Detroit and makes the game really exciting as opposed to these other guys who think they can mumble their way through a broadcast and pretend that we think that they know what they're doing what on
Exactly
1253 on 560 QAM you know Charles Alfie Eries been supplying here replacement systems for leading showbiz personalities for over 25 years
And some of these guys looked so good you didn't even know they had a piece
So you better believe that Charles knows what he's talking about
So let's get this straight you can pay more for a hair system
You can pay thousands if you like but why not get the best and the most natural system in the business for just
$800 from Charles Alfie Erie
Now Charles knows the secret of any natural looking system is regular servicing all guys like to get serviced a lot
That's why service visits at the Charles Alfie Erie Studios are affordably priced at just 25 bucks
Not 60 bucks like the other guys soak you and why you wait Charles can add hair to your present system at only
25 bucks an hour and adjust the color for only 10 bucks
Charles can even revive the wave and curl to make your hair look natural again
And it doesn't matter even if you bought your system someplace else
So call and make an appointment today and start looking like a mentoring soon call the Charles Alfie Eries studio at
4390 north federal highway between Oakland and commercial
And if you mention you heard it on the neo-roud your show you get 25 bucks off on the purchase of any new hair system
Call them today 1-800-321-2413 that's 1-800-321-2413
Charles Alfie hair replacement systems with over 25 years of doing it right in the business
This is 560 Q-A-M-Q
Attention all boys and girls attention all boys and girls if you want to grow up to be a doctor
Realistic toy company has just what you need just ask your mom and dad what line of medicine is most lucrative
And they'll tell you
And it's never too early to start so start now with the doctor jelly finger exam kit
Dr. jelly finger comes with an authentic medical manual rubber gloves and plenty of KY jelly
It's fun and educational
Right smoothie
Get your doctor jelly finger exam kit
Dr. jelly fingers on sale now in finer department stores
So anybody out there wearing any magnetic insoles today
Yeah, we got something for today, baby forget about magnetic bracelets
We got magnetic insoles for your feet you want to be walking like a cripple within about a half an hour
Just pop these babies in there no problem at all and by the way
Let me look one more time and you're in your other it is in your thing deep inside of it as in
Right, right. Where did you go to the turlip?
Upstairs you had to go no I had to uh
Rehid and you open a lot I got news for any of the people on this floor and is building by the way, okay
There's a turlip there's a men's room and a women's room very nicely down a hall
Within running distance
And we got some smart asses you keep locking the door on a damn men's room, okay
You jackasses over there in the dental office. We're gonna not only start smoking change smoking cigars over here
We're gonna start blowing smoke right under your door pretty soon
And then we got this janitor with an attitude. Well you you be having to get a key
Well, I got a key for you okay stick that in your rectum you idiot
Just leave the dancing who the hell is gonna go up there anyway
Nobody can get up on the floor on most days unless you got an elevator key
So what's the problem?
Well, we got a lot of very important people here with an attitude and we got to keep this closed and don't smoke your cigar
See no matter where you go
I mean this this floor is as vacant as the old church in Amsterdam
I mean there isn't the there's not even a rat not a mouse can be found
But we still got people with an attitude here. We're gonna tell you don't do this and don't do that because people got to be important
Here's a lady mobile hello
Yes, hi, I'm calling uh, I know that you like cigars you mentioned that often. What do you think about women who smoke cigars?
Uh, I don't like it. You don't look good. I think it's just a fad number one and a
two it did to me it looks like crap
Yeah
Huh a woman who smokes the cigarette what I'm not that crazy about it either right but what's wrong with a woman smoking a cigar?
I like it now you like it. Yeah, I think it looks real feminine. Oh, yeah
But I'm not talking about I can't let me ask you. Yes, can't you just conjure this up?
Could you imagine and bishop if you were still alive?
Doing the news on channel 10 with a stogie inner push? Oh, it's great. That would you write?
I think you're right. I think you got a point that would be she would be number one half
Excellent point. Well, no, I just I just wanted to know it's what you thought about it because I see that you are very
I think to each his own if you like smol puffing on a big one and a cigar to
War power to in fact having a big stogie in your push is good practice
You know what I'm saying? Okay. Have a great weekend. Oh, you too. Bye. Bye. Good life. Happy new year. Same here. Okay. Bye. Bye. You know some of them
That slipped out have a great weekend because I don't even know if it's a way and turns out I just lucked into it
It is the weekend
Yesterday was Thursday and I knew years almost never comes like quite in the middle of the week like that
And all day yesterday I'm thinking god today is Sunday
Or today is Saturday, but definitely not Thursday
Now today feels like Saturday to me
Doesn't it today definitely doesn't feel like Friday like Shabbos
Which is coming up soon and by the way if you're celebrating Shabbos
Don't forget what the Muslims say
Don't do anything bad until the sun goes down then make whipping the Neil Roger show now on sports radio
560 wqam Miami Fort Lauderdale
After the sun goes after your sun goes down and you can pick out here's Miami hello
Miami
Buenos dias
I'll be there cheap quick calls. Those are the kind we like best. Here's hi alia. Hello
In you yes
Hey, I just want to say out mister, you know, yeah and that
Well George is so same sort of a bitch. He's not really good. Well, he's not gonna change. He's a miserable spec. What do you want?
Yeah, he is a spank big isn't he yeah
Gosh, you know, not for me. Did he did you
I know he's busy talking to somebody else. Now he didn't even hear it. You're on
Yeah, well, he's an asshole, you know, I do know that
Okay, pal
Yes, uh burger jack on put one on burger jack burger jack how about burger you what what is it?
Why did you hang up on that why because it's a punky kid? I don't care
I'd rather talk to punky kids than old farts that you have no problem putting on from
From scoki alanoid that keep hanging up on me. Well, they didn't son that old that miserable old Jew that
From scoki twice he hangs up on me. How do you like that not once but twice
my god
If there's if there's a if there's a hill that man is most definitely gonna burn in and this kid
He just doesn't like you either he likes me. He's got good taste. He likes to show
He doesn't like that little spit back there making his pecorino cheese. That's what he doesn't like
Here's a call from Dallas. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir. Well, I wanted to let your listener
I wanted to let your listeners know that if you're listening in on audio net
There's a way for them to get help if they haven't trouble listening
Believe me most of them need help. Well first off they can send an email to webmaster at audio net.com
And they can state their problem somebody will answer their their question within a few minutes. Yeah
Or if they're using america online and they type in keyword audio net. Yeah
There's actually a frequently asked question section on telling you how to use
The real audio player with
AOL
Okay, and then they can also go to the bottom of the audio net homepage to the frequently asked question section and there's a whole
Section on help on how to so another would work if they really want to do it where there's a willers away
Right, they really want to make the effort they can get the guy damn show absolutely. So get with it
All right, most of them are help you know, like you said they need help. Yeah, well, hey they can get it if they want it
Okay, all right, thank you. Thanks a lot pal. There's a guy he just told your folks if you want it you can get it
We only wish
Here's how's rewitting you doing here's a lady in bokeh. Hello
Hi, how you doing great how you be okay? I'm glad to hear your back
I have to confess I don't get a chance to catch your show that often because I'm usually working and in a position where I can't turn the radio on
But I'm gonna try and catch you now. I think you have some really interesting comments. Yes. I do
Particularly your one phone hockey. I tried to get on the other day to tell you how much I agreed with your Brian Murray comment and Ray Whitney
Oh, I was totally disgusted. I'm sick and tired of seeing the guy sitting on the bench also and I really liked the way you say what you think
Well, you know that you notice it you notice it didn't happen yesterday. No, it didn't happen yesterday and in overtime
It was Ray Whitney was out there who made a great job to keep the puck any offensive zone
Split a lovely little pass over there to Ray Shepherd who stuck it right in front and there was Robbie finally twice in the same
The same game in the right place at the right time and of course the first goal
It was Whitney who made a phenomenon a little quick flip pass to need a man further that who stuck it in there
Ray Whitney is God and you know you can pretty much predict with your eyes close
If the guy is going to be in on something and it doesn't take a hockey expert to see it
I mean I'm a real Florida panther fan of only missed five games home games in five years
They've been on the ice and I follow them on television and I really really appreciate when I hear people like you
You know really nailing things like that and and you know, I don't know if they've done any statistics
But I don't think we would be anywhere right now if it hadn't been for
Are you can may we be Whitney somewhere already, but I can't say it on the air yeah
That's right we'd be up creep without a panel we'd be up spits Creek and all the way marks bits
I wanted to get in before you I want to tell you first how much I appreciated your show and how much I'm enjoying it
I'm home on Christmas vacation right now. I'm a teacher. So that's why I really can't watch the
God bless you. God bless you. Yeah really
But I
I'll have a good
Yeah, I'm the Debbie on a mobile. I know I know
You did know that okay
I don't tell you that I don't mind anybody because at least you understand the game
But why do they always put you on first? Is this a game you have with them or what? No, you know
It's funny because I intentionally try only to call like every fourth game because I don't want to
I don't know Debbie come on
No honestly, there's been a lot of the promo you even made that in sipid promo
They put on the abortive arena. I was I might be talking to Debbie on a mobile
My husband and I were sitting there and we looked at each other and I just about fell off my seat
Yeah, because you know I have a neighbor that calls in all the time by the name of
Lou and it's like well he calls and I heck of a lot more than I do
Yeah, see they're picking on you there's shining the spotlight on you and making you out to be a chronic
But at least I know anybody that knows that Brian Murray has been blowing it and that Ray Whitney is God can't be all bad
Well, thank you, but
I'm gonna say well we're undefeated in four we're three oh and one we're hot as it we're into playoffs
You know he's gonna start hacking a China. I don't want no excuses Brian
I want the good players to play and I want the bad players to get on a bus meaning Kirk Mueller
And you notice that Fred Qsick bit I played when they did the face off you notice who lost the face off before the Bruins scored the goal
Kirk Mueller
Yeah, it was the guy that lost the face off and but I'm being rolled off stuck it in there in the Bruins scored because Kirk
Mueller was a disaster
Yeah, that's a ticket and should be right behind you see him skating figure eight yesterday
Yeah, I did he was skating around his circles
And you know I was listening to the callers on on that last on the last penalty and it was like well
It doesn't matter that it was an overtime who cares
I mean I was waiting to see the rest ignore it
Listen, we've gotten screwed so many times
I'm not gonna complain that they called one an overtime
Especially on Doug E. Gilmour who my love but nevertheless
You know better him than anybody else and you know that I really don't understand why that should even be an issue because
So what if it's an overtime? I agree
I agree and the way it happened to us we've lost game
I mean I can I can see in the last minute or two of regulation
But when a game gets it over time if there's something that merits being a penalty
It's a penalty. Yeah, and thank God for Kerry with a good Harris-Bray Fraser
All right, well listen keep up the good work and I just didn't want you to harass Randy because he doesn't know me from
A mole on the ground and I didn't want to know you're from a mole in the ground. Yeah
Oh, that was not planned not plan but anyway
I enjoy your show. I enjoy supporting his show and I really don't want to
Randy just the other day and he said what was that I said just a little slip of the tongue ring
Have a great day Deborah happy new year
He had all bad she a little chronic but she's okay
Ray Whitney let's just throw him in 13 goals the best point now in the world
Given away from Edmonton used to be a stick point. He's that high the best point guy I saw him last night
Unbelievable 13 goals as he's been and nobody's talking about him all spare that
Stu Barnes has gone that Ray would come in now you're unbelievable
Yeah, just a little guy wears a mask. They still like Dougie Gilmore on the points been pretty super too
Dougie's been good. Dougie, I love you, but you're Ray is better right now 13 goals. Yeah
Yeah
There you go. I rest my case
107 let's do a mobile in Miami. You know, so I'm doing these time checks again
Even though it's an a so it'll screw up the best up tapes. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Oh Neil. Yes, sir
I have a digital color. I'm right. I'm calling you because I'm so happy to hear you on the radio again
It isn't even funny. I know it is funny. I mean
You know there's nothing on the radio when you're not on the radio
You might as well take the radio and put it in the bottom of the turlid when I'm off the earth
I mean other than Rick and Sudden who like their show I have to confess like I said
But other than that there's there's nothing on I'm glad you're back and I'll be a loyal listener and I support all your
All your your people there your advertisers all my people right and
And I love to smoke cigars so keep it up and give these people hard time all right all right
Have a great day pal. You too happy new year. You too, buddy. You too. See I can't stand you too though, but that's a good guy
Okay, yeah, I had something really important. I wanted to play already played that
Already played that I'm so far ahead of myself. It's almost disgusting. Oh, I haven't played this though
Which we will get to in momentarily. Okay, let's go to Miami. Hello
Neil yes, sir
No, I did not they were doing a spot with Mickey Dane making predictions
Yeah, you predicted that Marv Albus was gonna come to Florida and have a new career with Neil Rogers
Yeah, isn't that something that's real cute. Let me ask you who's with the V
Uh, I don't know, but it was Angela Ray that said it all Angela Ray. Well, there you go. It speaks for itself at miserable bitch
Really? Okay, thanks for the good news
Elton John and Bernie top it have just returned to the studio and have completed the tribute to Marv Albert
Goodbye Marv's career
featuring such hits songs as candle in my butt. You're done
Carpet man and the heart felt Betty bit my butt
You love the ballad don't go yanking my part Elton John's tribute to Marv Albert goodbye Marv's career
All proceeds go to the society to prevent synthetic hair
Okay, open line five six seven oh five sixty if you're one of those zillion people who have been tried to get through these first through
Through days five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty. Well, that's the way I stick this cigar
It's the angle that I stick it in in a cigar too. Here's the lady in Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hello. Yes, man. Hi Neil. Welcome back
Thank you. Um, I'm in Tony 11 Fort Lauderdale and I've been trying to head up the first ever hockey
Booster Club in Fort Lauderdale with a Florida panthers
Spend for the last three and a half years and I'm getting nowhere and I've had some meetings with some of the hockey people and Declan Bolter and those guys
And I'm still getting nowhere. I mean do you think this town will ever let us have a booster club for the far to panther?
I don't know about that, but I know the fans are sure behind the team
They're behind the team. They were all whipped up into a frenzy and we finally played a pretty good game
And we finally won a home game and a crowd was pretty much into it. Yeah, I like that crowd
Yeah, so tell me why does he uh
Whitney on the bench in the last period or given 20 or 30 seconds of ice time because he's the anti-Christ
That's right
Ryan Murray is the anti-Christ okay make no mistake about it. You can tell by looking at him. Yeah exactly. I look at him and I say anti Christ
Yep
Well, keep working on it sweetheart. Okay, and I'll keep trying on my booster club. Keep working on it. Thanks and the club too. All right good luck
Thanks, bye
Okay, she'd be working on it. Hey listen, you got to in this town, you know, it's a bunch of deadheads
I mean they may be a little bit enthused, but they don't want to go overboard because they live here
And who can blame them? It's 11 after 1 on 5 60 Q a.m. And one more time in fact this would be a good idea over the weekend
In fact probably a lot of people are party pooped out at this point and
If you want to do something real easy right there in the kitchen
All you got to do is pop one of those mama marries gourmet pizza crust in the oven
It takes only 10 minutes to have a great pizza just the way you like it
That's right. Take home one of those seven inch or 12 inch pizza crust and again these are real pizza crust
Not bread shells not like that other who's with a b-thing and your brush a little olive oil
And then you spread on your pizza sauce and you put on your mozzarella cheese
And then you put on your meatballs and your sausages and your paperoon and whatever you like on that pizza
You pop it in the oven only 10 minutes. You're ready for a fantastic pizza a billion times better than any frozen
You've ever had and amazingly better than much of delivery you pay to the nose for each crust is
He didn't got a nose-bill edge that lets you bake your pizza right there on the things on the racks without a pan
And mama marries uses the best ingredients like pure honey instead of sugar
And they're absolutely cholesterol-free to their less expensive than the competition
They're easier. They're faster. They're better. They are delicious
So I was a little skeptical when I started but trust me after trying a few of these
They are really great even George loves them and would you like to have some more for free?
Mama marries pizza crust look for them in the Delay section of your local supermarket
The Neil Roger show now exclusively on sports radio 560 QAM
It's the holiday season and that can only mean one thing for all you sports fans
It's time
Here's uh now shouldn't one of those be saying next or probably is peppered pines but it isn't saying next
Isn't that interesting? Is it or is it my uh, magnation?
That's very funny. It is very funny because all six of them are just seeing their very quietly and none of them say it
We'll take the mobile one too. Not that I really care. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello
I'll go to the Neil. Yes sir. God
Ray Whitney. God. He'll go. Yes. How you doing Neil? Very well
Listen up. I'm really well. I hope you are. I hope you are. Listen up. You know what?
I'm really getting sick. Entirely these Brian Meriantix
You know what I got I guarantee you three games from now when we use like two games. Hopefully we won't
But I guarantee you Brian Meri is going to start messing with the chemistry stuff putting Ray Whitney on the third line on the second
On the third on the first you know and and that's the way that's the way Brian Meri operates
And you know what I I hope to God well actually you
Now we bring it Teddy Nolan from out of out of retirement or
In a hill right now and call us back when your face starts getting blue. Okay hold your breath
Open line 5 6 7 0 5 6
The 5 6 7 0 5 6 5 5 6 the end of mobile line hang coming up at two. Let's go to Pember of Pines. Hello
Neil. Yes sir. When I first date and back to you. Yeah, I got a question for you
This is now in Pember of Pines
Ruben met the Tennessee I went to an account Mississippi
About last weekend. I know you go
Fine golfing you go you go gambling the biggest life. Yeah, have you been a tunic? No have you heard about it? Yes
What do you think about it? Well, I don't know. I haven't been there. I mean how can I think about I think it's
I think it's pretty embarrassing that they've got it and we don't I tell you what they in the middle of a corn field right?
Okay, I in fact, I just saw a piece on the news about that place just a few days ago. It's amazing
I've I've scored a by bay if I've seen pictures. I take one it looks exactly like it and and tunic was a little
Hillbilly town. It was like absolutely a bankrupt. I mean with all these little extracts and huts and they're they're out of the nothingness
They're building it up into a thing
It's thriving. I mean, I figured I'm going to go there and see all the backwoods hit you know spend in their
$5 beer monies. No, all older people middle-aged
Uh, exactly. I mean you name it you have a cross
Uh, cross reference of everybody there. Yeah, it was amazing. I was like hey Neil's got to try it
Yeah, but I bet you they don't have any really bird. Oh, yeah, they got a bad thing. No early bird
No, well, thanks a lot, sir. You're talking good to have you back on the air. Okay, and uh, how's it? I'll see you with your tunica on
Yeah, watch it there. All right, but
Okay, tunica, Mississippi they got casino gambling they got money coming in their building multi-billion dollar buildings
They're building stuff they got tourists coming in and freaking tunica
Mississippi and what do we got we got the chamber of commerce people lying through their teeth telling us oh
It's the biggest tourist season ever and there's more people coming to Florida. Yeah, there's more people coming to Florida
But this ain't where they're coming
I don't know where they're coming but
But that's something you say scored scored
Called a finger out of practice a finger out of that's what my proctologist said before he gave me the magnets a finger out of practice
Is a finger rectum something like that here's Miami. Hello
Hey, yes, sir. Hey, how you don't welcome back. Thank you
God, hey, do you have any cloud in the Bahamas?
What get some people out because this guy boy, they money talks
Meaning what?
They're gonna get this the duke out of the Bahamas
You'll do Kay the duke the duke and the dukes
What is this man? What language are you speaking? Vans brother? Vans brother. Oh
That dude. Why didn't you say you mean duke snider? Yeah, okay
Remember duke snider put center field for the dodges who cares about that?
Well, who cares about all these illegal aliens?
I mean if they can pitch then bring them here and sign them up
You know, especially if they'll play cheap this guy never sign with him. Arons. You think he's gonna sign for what Wayne's gonna pay him?
