Well, Levin is now able to keep the ball away from him pretty consistently tonight.
He has made some real good pitches.
And the ball is here high and deep as ever.
Youngwood is fading, looking up.
Heck Wilson, move over.
You have been tied.
Mark LeWire with number 56, all and he has tied the National League record.
And now going berserk and pro-bear stadium.
Look at this crowd.
Oh, right.
So he and Heck Wilson are lying side by side.
And it's tied for the record in the National League, home-monger in a single season.
His next will break it.
And now he's hit the deep center.
He did it.
He did it.
He did it.
Number 57.
Unbelievable.
Oh, my.
And they are going crazy in South Florida.
Barry White's back with his new R&B chartbuster.
Love putting.
You like a donut with no one.
Every in the middle.
Ask me if you were them home.
The master of sensuality that turns to the sea that was more loved than any one person can hand them a doll in.
Can't get enough.
Play those synabels if you love playing.
Also, the dream is new number one now.
The Apolloting Lost of Hologin Oliver.
You followed an ice cream.
How beautiful it is that he somebody get me a four good spary white love pudding available now in the frozen food section of your local grocer.
They're thinking about putting me back on in Fort Myers.
Let's hear about that Greg.
Oh, we're looking at Greg brought down Georgia's bonus check today.
Not.
They had a good spring rating book over there.
And I think it's because of me they're about to tell David Kate in the AFA to stick it where the moon don't shine.
And put it back on her maybe over in Fort Myers.
So there's really good news and even better news is in spite of Sam the scam.
We got our masters already thanks to our friend at track master for the best of CDs this year.
Boy, that was the fast look at that.
Georgia's got him right in this push right now.
That's the fastest section.
We just did that like a few days ago.
We put that all together and like almost overnight.
Thank you Sam.
We couldn't have done it without you sweetheart.
Thanks Greg for the good news.
See nothing but good news today.
Markets up a few points up 300 points yesterday.
Everybody's in a good mood today.
Mark McGuire hits two big ones last night.
Those two little kids didn't want to hold about your money.
What the hell's wrong with life?
Here's Pembroke Pines with 10 questions marks.
Hello.
Back by popular man.
Yes.
Yeah.
Oh gone by popular.
Maybe you didn't have a chance to say a nice going George.
That was any but he never had a chance to say it.
Back by popular demand.
George said it sounded like some drug and do stasel on there.
And I said you know what?
He's an asshole.
And I was right.
We have an open line in Broward 5 6 7 0 5 60 and power 5 60 in a mobile one line.
Thank you Eddie.
Here's a western hello.
Nail.
Yes sir.
How are you doing buddy?
I'm doing okay palie.
Hey I'll tell you what.
Don't trust anybody who says palie.
Hey palie.
I know you don't like that.
I'll tell you what.
I'll tell you what.
That was it had chills running down my spine.
I'll tell you what the crowd was going absolutely berserk.
They've shot.
I mean it was like last year when they were beating San Francisco Atlanta and had that
type of feeling to it.
Yeah 37,000 tickets they sold for last night.
I'm not sure they all showed up but nevertheless.
Can you imagine how many people would have been there the last two nights without Mark McGuire?
Exactly.
And tonight they that place ought to be jammed to the rafters because who knows who
is what he's going to do tonight and we're not going to be able to see it.
Oh by the way they are showing brave menace against Randy Johnson due to
them I think.
I think that's the matter.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I agree with you.
Oh well 1000% much rather the history they made.
I mean the brave Houston games got no significance.
I mean Houston's got the division wrapped up.
The Braves got there's long since wrapped up.
I mean you know two great pictures there but what's the comparison between that and the
guy who's broken the national league record who any day now is approaching 60 and 61 and
62 and 65.
I think he's going to do 65.
Absolutely correct sir.
Right.
Just to let you know I just saw the back door boys on a rig.
I missed that.
Ron was telling me that it was on it.
I think I was something.
They're ugly.
No.
Besides I don't know about them being ugly.
Now they're good guys.
They are talented.
They're great.
They are.
I mean these guys can sing.
They walk up to the microphone.
Yeah.
No music.
Right.
No instruments.
I mean nothing.
Well even those people who rip them other than George admit that they can sing that they're
great singers.
So what can I tell you?
I can't tell you what.
What are you laughing about?
There they are.
They're a very talented guy.
See he's in there.
They hope he has equal time.
Monday.
Have a great day.
I love you.
Love you.
Well yeah.
Monday you can rip the backstreet boys for four hours.
Okay.
I have a young girl.
Everyone has ears.
Everyone has ears.
So that's why that album has been on her for longer than any other album than the top 15.
Any other one in the world.
All those teeny boppy little girls.
Yeah.
All those teeny boppy little girls.
You know something you only wish.
You knew those teeny boppy little girls.
Okay.
You better start liking the backstreet boys a lot more.
Mr.
Why your wife's out of town?
Here is Miami.
Hello.
Miami.
Hello, Neil.
Yes sir.
What?
What kind of a phone?
What kind of a phone is that sir?
I know it's a mess up.
It's my first time phone.
I like to show it not on my computer.
You know?
I'm going to a Solomon had a better phone than that.
I'll be with you.
You can see that this guy's having a new phone.
Okay.
This guy, he's going to our guy's sock over it.
And what over the phone too?
Anybody ever put an our guy's sock over it?
Uh-huh.
We have an open line and dating you.
That means he said.
Okay.
There you go.
We got a guy that's got a bunch of y'all.
You know, I was thinking I was watching the shows which were great on Wami last night.
By the way, if I say so myself.
Man, was I busy with that TV?
I was clicking it in the ankyent and twisting it and the remote too.
I'm watching the best of a shlameel on there on Wami.
I'm watching Mark McGuire.
I'm watching David Wells.
That big fat David Wells.
I'm watching Sammy Sosa who kept striking out and smiling about it.
And hey, he's doing a best he can.
Okay.
He's a Dominican Republic guy.
What does he want?
And those shows were pretty damn good last night.
Too bad we can't find an audience.
But talking about good news, we finally got the magic bullet, baby.
The magic bullet on Wami.
And that is that as soon as the public out there discovers that mash is on 200 times tonight,
it might just draw some people to that station.
See, during those cartoons in like on a weekend, they've already got the kids.
The kids are like way ahead of the adults.
The kids are locked in on Wami.
They're like whamming it all day long.
With those cartoons in the middle three studios crap and the monsters.
But in prime time at night, we can't find an audience with a goddamn search party no matter what we put on there.
But now that we got mash on 6.30, 7.30, 11 o'clock, 11.30, you don't mean magic is gone, do you?
He's longer.
You mean our loud is gone?
Oh no.
So we got four if you, I mean, I hate mash, but it's a great show.
They tell me it was on for 11 years, which means there's lots and lots and lots of episodes for you.
Okay.
6.30, 7.30, 11.30, 4.30, 4.30,
5.30, 5.30, 5.30, 5.30, 5.30, 5.30, 5.30, 5.30, 5.30, 5.30, 5.30, 5.30, 5.30, 5.30, 5.30, 5.30, 5.30, 5.30, 5.30, 5.30, 5.30, 5.30, 5.30, 5.30, 5.30, 5.30, 5.30, 5.30, 5.30, 5.30, 5.30, 5.30, 5.30, 5.30, 5.30, 5.30, 5.30, 5.30, 5.30, 5.30, 5.30, 5.30, 5.30, 5.30, 5.30, 5.30, 5.30, 5.30, 5.30, 5.30, 5.30, 5.30, 5.30, 5.30, 5.30, 5
days.
little arrows long as it's popping up that's only care about any year old to
here's my any hello
hello new yes or
uh... you know what's calling because i believe it was yesterday the day before
i'm not exactly sure uh... some gentleman called in
you were saying how he was like a woman called on the show
yeah farfetched
you were saying how he was like uh... broadcasting major
and you know right off the bat you were telling him don't do it but
and you know i've heard of the kind of hard time
on that profession but i want to know what the school
because
you know what's the scoop with what
what do you think about
the business
what in like the aesthetic of the people in general or uh... because it's run by
people have no idea what it's all about
because uh... it's a grand and now it's even worse than ever with a handful
of companies that bought up all the station and they don't give a crap and
they never used to care about people too much but now they care less about
people and people get toppled on and stepped on and they just keep
changing formats and blowing everybody out the door in five minutes
uh... if this were a while business run by people who are real broadcasters
then it could be a lot of fun and would be a great business you courage people
to get into it
but i can't do that with a clear conscience
what would you say to like people that are
kind of starting to edge their way in that path and you know i'd say edge my way
out of the path
i mean you know people with the kids i'd say edge my way in anything else
okay well i'm just telling him i'm not joking about that people think that i'm
kidding about that
they think i make all this stuff up about the
bad management people that don't know their ass from their elbow and lied to
you know this other great that's this business
well what what else can i do with the gifts of gap you for living you know that
doesn't want to get into some
i mean i know radio can be a pretty settled at a job
yeah you gotta be uh... you know talking to you got to pretty much do what you
gotta do well that you want to put up a lot of crap you know i think i'm gonna
take a lot of crap and uh... be my guest
yeah not like yourself for like a big nose you know
you got to be in the air about twenty five years before he started getting
from the way i see you know what you got it
you know you want to do your own things
some people out there with
they have no other skills but they could just talk a good game you know i'm
saying yeah
and uh... i don't know i mean well they ought to become a lawyer here that
alright me i'll think for a good luck you pal
here's a guy wants to get a guy think i couldn't talk about it that's the way
it sounded to me
okay we're off to a tremendous start this morning therefore about twenty minutes
now we got one call on the board i thought we were really gonna make a big
comeback today just had it
you for feeling for about fifteen twenty minutes and i thought that myself you
know what you're in Miami
you better get over this okay thank you
five six seven oh five sixty we have two open lines and grow it all of
the day to sit out at the moment but that's okay i just have
from that initial response in this town excited about mark mcguire
about that stuff that's not that they all with them up
almost in the last few minutes of the worst thing this morning here a little
reference to that but mostly they're talking about
god in fsu and uh... the gators and more god damn football
more college football
what do you people gonna grow up already huh
what are they gonna grow up already like i've told you for twenty years
college football is supposed to be of course we know it's a big business like
all of the sports it's supposed to be for kids who either go to that college
or the alumni who are most in crazier than a bed bug
and are have very deeply that he goes and therefore i have to try to pump it up
there he goes hey my team does what who cares
the gators the goals of this to that the hercun
oh by the way they had the hercun quarterback what's his name jeff uh... i don't
they had him on on uh... last night on uh... sports talk sports line sports
the town on uh... when he
he's a fifth year freshman fifth year
i mean fifth year not that that would be really fifth year uh... senior
how do you like do they have any fifth year seniors like a majoring in
mathematics no they have any fifth year seniors majoring in physics
no taking any physics no
majoring in biology no in social sciences no in uh... meta in anything no
fifth year senior well he was red shirted but what does that mean
so he tells me red shirted right away i start to come in the stucco in the
stucco in the stucco that's what i say when i hear about a red shirt
they're not too big on that little of an outside of that red shirt all you pay
baby come on east uh...
i mean he you know
a great kid but a print you know maybe he's good maybe he's not i don't know
i don't care like i've said before this is the solution to the problem
let's stop pretending let's have like every university every school every
college they can have like a separate division for jox
pay them take it a semi-professional leave whatever now you want to call it
and stop pretending there has anything to do with education wouldn't that be a
hell of a lot better no no there you go
i have no problem with that entertainment for everybody everybody's uh... you
know working to get to the pros make millions and millions and millions for
being illiterate
donny b by the way said he was just testing clear for it and clear fail the test
he said a clip how about that condom you and mark on and he had no idea what he's
talking about he was just testing him
to see if these jox are as smart as donny b thought they were and he found out he
was right ten twenty six and five
imminent and he second now it's coming it's coming it's coming
ever heard that sports court coming yeah and gets what it didn't come
now Henry says that he was posted way in his back and off on his demands with
sports channel don't want twenty seven years now it's only ten years and any
moment now you know we can only pray to enjoy your program
correct i want to bother you too much i just please what i'd be from you if you
will i need the name that i'd possible she were talking about last week
that's good stuff yeah i went to public that part of it i talked to the managers
they don't know anything about the possible they sure that they got it at
public it's called monospegetti sauce and that's Patrick kimponi it's ten
ponies monospegetti sauce they got into my public because i bought another
jar there yeah that's how good it was actually shelled out my money and bought a jar
which it must be pretty good if i bought it yeah i know that's why i wanted it
mom this spaghetti sauce okay got big chunks of garlic and basil and basil
rathbone and good stuff in here man you you'll be in heaven yeah well they didn't
know about the spaghetti sauce but they sure know about the oratia yeah well
time they better get it in or else you're right buddy okay pal thanks a lot so
yeah there you go we'll put these bastards on the map and rightfully so that's
great stuff did you uh partake no no yet well buddy waiting for me knew we had it on the pizza
the Jeff brought in but i'm talking about the jar that you took home i don't know what i'm waiting for
why yeah get with it will you crystal get that pasta sauce out there sweet art man is that good
stuff we have two open lines and day one and brown five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty animal the one is anybody in this town like worked up and fired up about markland
wire i mean if he had ten home runs last night i mean i hate to say but these people just don't
care do they know it was just a spectacular thing and not just a couple more home runs but dead
center field they're all over there and left field up there in the left field i would
uh believe the marlin they're all waiting to do it with their gloves and they're whether they're
eight million dollars to buy it and he uh pulls them all crosses them all up dead center fields both
times and those kids are diving and falling killing each other on the uh tarp there to get the
baseball and these people still are uh nothing to say here's Miami hello
Neil yes sir what's up with that i was watching the that's a 30 show yesterday yeah and they show
this big fat darn cock there yeah i'm so tired of seeing nobody wants to see cock's on our tv show okay
especially about him yeah he must weigh 600 pounds you know it he's there no because
Neil's gonna have another hard time he's full wherever yeah well yeah he's talking about me
and food right this guy they keep shooting me in the pitch dark because he doesn't want the
public to see the black shirt and the black shirt the match the background so we kind of like
fades into the black so you can't see he weighs a two thousand pounds oh he's he's a thing
i got the diagram right here which has got very impossible to read numbers on it by the way
you've got to have eyes like a uh oh let's see one sixteen is on the other side i believe
i can't read these damn things and i got great eyes but i can't the they've got to yeah one
sixteen is set a rice on the other side directly across i'll wait to you okay okay pal thanks
you there yeah i'm gonna get a perfect i'm gonna sit in my seats today how do you like that i'm
gonna put my fat ass in my seat today right there in session 101 i'm excited about it
oh you're up in the pissed off and all worked up because hockey season's coming and i don't
you know you i i realize it's a lot easier to pander because there are billions more i don't
care about ratings with the sports i don't i don't pick and choose uh what i like depending on
how many other people like it that would be like saying i should well i should have been watching
sign fell because everybody else liked it i hated sign fell just seeing him nauseates me so i don't
give a crap if it was the top rated show or if uh when to show one off the air people were like
swooning and jumping off tall building i don't care that i used to be a big football fan but quite
frankly it's become boring it's become boring is all hell the number of really exciting good
games that you see in the course of a season is so few that it's uh it's a snoozer now it's
snooze time so i'll stick with my hockey and i you know these experts can come out all the tv
ratings are terrible and it's a uh i don't care that's my thing that's my bag
we have an open line and day one and brown at five six seven and usually the people are
saying that by the way are people who know nothing about the game here's a candle hello
hello nioh yes how you do okay let me ask you these matadors is that a direct um my
league team for the panthers yes and what's gonna happen to the one that was in uh
carolina well the the matadors is like uh the bottom wrong oh so okay so you gotta go through
about four of the stuff to get there right okay what about on burray coming here
yeah sounds good to me how come we weren't trying to get him they can hook back up with
mcclain because he wants nine or ten million dollars a year that's the problem that's uh that's
why he ain't down here because uh he wants out of there badly out of Vancouver you didn't see
anybody talking here seriously about getting pavel burray or peter netbed who still float around
out there there's all kinds of great players out there who are like itch and doah go somewhere
i would love him to come here and these guys here just given a shallot of double talk is what we get
that amount of material you like to wash pal okay date counties open against you i mentioned
hockey date county as bad as it is ordinarily that's something that they really don't understand
they don't get it they're they're more into like dominoe games and cock fights five six seven
oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one one you gotta learn new things you gotta
expand your horizons okay you put parochial narrow focused people in date county you gotta like
move out onward enough word in a new and different things i mean anal sex we heard all about that
okay you educated us that's fine but now you gotta move on to things that are a little bit more
whatever i was gonna say stimulating but that might not be the right choice of words
here's a mobile in margate hello deal yes sir how you doing i'm doing great you know i uh i was talking
to some people yesterday about this i heard something about kid turners start his own uh football
that's right just what we need is another guy damn football league that's gonna run so we can
have football all year long for these football addicts but it have like how's that gonna go i mean
is that on in the works or uh do you remember the world league of football yeah yeah so they're
gonna what they're gonna do the only time the only time in history that the old uh w h all the
world hockey league which was eventually a one-fost and some of it was absorbed by the national
hockey league some of the franchises and the old american football league which then became the
american football conference when emerged with the NFL uh that's the best that they can hope for
i mean how much uh money is there out there to subsidize this crap how much talent is there
out there to build a whole bunch more teams when you've already got a bunch of horrendous teams i
hear put out talking about the eagles and the bears and all these other teams the the rams that
are just gonna be horrendous nauseating teams this year how are you gonna build new teams what
where's the talent gonna come from but i think that the uh the world is so boring and that the
people will just go to it because sports i i don't agree i don't think so i think you're wrong
okay i got another thing because i mean unless it's real low priced unless you're practically
given a ticket to weigh and uh who the hell's gonna play league out there look out look how they're
priced in the uh the price of me out i can't afford it right i'm not a poor guy but i can't afford
to take uh my family and who the hell can who can football game okay another thing i'm watching
your show on on tv i really love it by the way but what great deal with the yamaka it's uh a
messenger protest it's to try to show those little kids out there how stupid they look when
their parents force him to walk around with a beanie on her i'm watching it with my buddies and
we're like just i were like what the hell's it deal with the yamaka but another thing i think that
this uh mark mcwire thing is conspiracy because i know there's vapor who's saved baseball when
during the white stock scandal but i think this is just the scandal and i think that the you think
maybe it maybe the throw them a ball on a string i'm not on a string but i think this is yeah i
really i'm i believe it can be your see theory maybe they have maybe they have a lot of balls
hidden inside the inside those baseballs actually well well niel look how look how long he's been
around and he hasn't you know come this close yet oh migrarian he had 58 last year i know i know he
did over 53 years in a row which nobody has ever done have a great day pal never came close before
58 sounds pretty close to 60 and 61 to me doesn't it uh sounds pretty close
but this guy i will put donny b on the case okay he'll go out there and uh
i hope probably catch one of those balls in a condom and we'll check it out we'll open it we'll
slice it open right here on a year and the ball too 10 57 we got mark migwara 56 and 57 the
all-time nationally record breaking a record that stood by hack wilson of the cubs 68 years does
anybody here care no she's this man i thought it was pretty damn compelling myself for me to put
that stuff on tape last night and bring that in here we're not talking hockey highlights we're talking
baseball highlights they want to define us man to keep the ball away okay good
and i say three minutes before eleven to five sixty qa they don't care i want to tell you
something you want to make a lot of money anybody out there if you can figure out besides free
stuff and green cards and early bird dinners what it is that the people of south Florida really
get motivated by if you can be the one person to figure that out you'll be a billionaire by the end
of the day when you're looking to make your next electronics or appliance purchase be sure and do
yourself a big favor forget the computer nerds the worst beware here's a mobile in four-lutter
deal hello hey nail yes sir regarding your hockey tickets yeah haven't got the final invoice yet no
because i paid mine about three weeks ago didn't get back to you down the postman or up there to
somebody they were do like three weeks ago they're supposed to be found the ticket that I think
this week no you need to check with somebody on that day again that must be my male again how do you
i think i've paid it about three weeks ago the first payment was due i guess in a
june in the final one three weeks ago when i go over there today i better check that out and say
don't take my suit with anybody else because i'm a deadbeat good luck okay thanks how do you like
that that's a possibility now he could have been making that up but he started very sincere and
honest to me i don't got no invoice in fact i got a check back from them which i don't want to go
into that is that's part to be a secret yeah but no it's just a parking thing it was a very small
check it had nothing to do with the thousands of dollars for those two seats right at center
rice which i'm more than glad to write the check for which i will certainly get reimbursed by
these people right away no well i mean someday but there you go see there you go with the male again
there's the deal i mean there are things that come in a male that are like fairly important i mean
do i care about my electric bill no no i phone bill but those hockey tickets uh-huh there you go i
want to know what the story is with those i don't want to wipe them up losing those because i don't
have an invoice for them i'll find out from the rim man today there's the guy who knows in the
course if i'm a little bit short i'm sure he'll take care of the uh-huh take care of it here's
Miami with ten questions marks hello male yes sir how you doing sir okay
nailed well have a tube that black hockey player um Peter Warrell no who is proud of being a great
player on the lady uh yeah uh fostering you and the family uh huh go ahead and i heard like he
was going to be like a superstar and but i've ever heard um you know crap about him yeah and heard
about that from Boston you right i don't know i know aimis Carter from Michigan state right for the
Bruins that that and then i know with the caps that's what you're talking about no but i had a big guy
his father was the coach of the Patriots on defense yeah and i heard like you're the great player
and but i haven't seen him yet you know you're not talking about Greer that place for Edmonton are
maybe he's big right you know thank guy i don't be tell me maybe somebody will know i have no idea
we're talking college hockey now no clue we have an open line and uh plus we got enough
marches near our radio okay we don't want any more black players in the NHL i don't want to sound
racist but they got football they got baseball they got all the other sports wrapped up they got
all the track and field events locked up let's have a sport for mostly white people okay well
a few marches near if they can play like famous aim aimis and a couple of these other guys and that's
it please let us have something to cling to next thing you know they're going to take away watermelons
all they already did or speaking of watermelons you know something i want to talk about that at length
today about fat people at the phase we were at emerald coast on sunday i don't dare mention i was at
baskin robin braster there was this is the greatest story in the history of the human race
where baskin robins last night and they have and you know i mean i love my ben and juries but once
through our varieties this by so life and they have like low fat and no sugar ice cream like
you mocha swore which are sensational by the way i love them there was a woman in there who must
weigh four fifty five hundred easy amount of exaggerating she took up it's a little shop there
university in sunrise she must have taken up half the store and as we're getting our stuff you
couldn't help but over here she was asking one of the girls behind the counter to look on a chart
there was a chart in the wall that shows you which flavors have how much sugar and how much
you know she wanted to see how much sugar was in the flavor that she was the 20 the 20 scoop she was
getting i mean no i'm no one to talk but i'm not i mean i'm not in her league i'm i'm
trouble i'm fat i'm overweight okay but i got this this woman like the next mile pull a fool she
took could be the last it could put her over the edge she's bigger than me and fat you'll put
together and she was in there discussing like i mean you talk about playing mind games with yourself
i'll have i'll have uh... six waffles fourteen flapjacks toward his abacan and give me a small diet drink
it's a ten ten q a s
you're right
i okay welcome back this is happily different here in the radio answering your questions
and helping you with your marital problems let's go to the phones
i can't be i have a question about my husband your husband is a piece of
a piece of
okay next call hi happy
yeah i wanted to ask you about what you said about bill cosby bill cosby is a piece of
a
much i'll
woo woo much i'll know what he's a piece of
okay one more phone color before we take a break here hello this is kathy lee
hi yeah kathy i'm calling about that earlier call when you call
that guy's male man a piece of color are you married
well yes i know you're a piece of
a piece of
you're cheating bastard okay now it's take a break for our sponsors and they're up
piece of
s
why won't this machine start it's a piece of
s
no go
oh
yes
you just knocked it off the air
okay it's eleven fifteen at five sixty w two and by the way david was just telling me that
the doncotts really weighs about six fifty they had to get a meat scale
they had to drop in from a hook onto a meat scale to see just how much he's
tilting the scales these days that's why he don't come around here that fat's long
we have an open line in day five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the
eighteen t line do we have any confirmation on the thing about the panther tickets
because i think that guy was trying to get me to panic
because the panther tickets wouldn't be coming out in just a couple of days the season
doesn't start to lay october uh whatever the first exhibition this game at home doesn't
start to uh... september the uh... not that far off
september the uh... yeah far off twenty seven so they wouldn't be sending those tickets out
yet it's always like a couple days ahead of time
should i be uh... panicking about this uh...
so when i'm getting back to fat people at the phase now i'm one of those people yes i'm fat
but during the course of my life i have never been a uh...
a big befader we just have a great place in the twerk cult skipper stable out in lafonia
when he used to go to the track all men was at a great place i mean outstanding but that's
like a hundred years ago but i'm just not a winner of a fake kind of guy till i found the
m.l.co which happens to be sensational spectacular so we go in there for dinner on sunday
and i'm going to tell you i said i'm in there with two my friends i said we are even with me in the
group we are the skinniest table in the entire place now the m.l.co is so good believe me i hope
that people are skinny go in there because you can afford to eat a lot of food you don't have
to worry about killing yourself but any buffet you go to you will see people uh... you know what i'm
talking about have you ever been in one of these joints who are enormous and all around i'm
looking up to get got all my i feel like uh... skinny mini i have never seen so many gigantic
enormous puppets in my life these are people who are like al gold steam level that's how fat they
were everywhere in fact the waiters are like start in the background you hear them
like sniggering a little bit is not the word i'm looking for sniggering
that these enormous blobs of humanity that are waddling around
and i guess they figure might as well enjoy the food is good any meal could be the last one but
as well go out with a big smile on your post before they open up that piano case
i mean i'm not talking about isolated one or two i'm talking about
dozens because they're always mad that you're a whole lot of people in there and i'd say like
maybe fifty sixty percent or more maybe seventy percent of the people in these buffet places are
enormous gigantic like this eight hundred pound woman i was in vanskin robins last night
and inquiring about how much sugar there was in her fifteen scoops of ice cream and how much sugar
there was like twenty pounds of uh... with topping that they put on top and the cherries and the nuts
here's uh... in fact i went in there there was this uh... young guy way behind the counter and i said
hold the nuts here's north mommy beach hello and he did hello hello yes sir oh okay i didn't hear
you say north mommy well i'm a little slow excuse me excuse me but back to my my why i was watching
that last night yeah and i'm i just got the the replays and it's it's it's it's it's it's it's it's
pop up oh yeah oh yeah two seconds i mean there's not even any excitement to be honest with it
because from a minute they show him a swing in a bet till the time it hits on that tarp and center
feel it's like i feel like a rocket shot like so you launched it yeah i don't watch bait fall
very much but this of course is magnificent you know i'm i'm watching this guy's fat speed and
the strength i'm sitting there with my jaw hanging down you know it's amazing and uh i got a
couple other things if you still want to talk to me go ahead i'm listening uh what what i like
i like the way you said that in other words if you haven't poured us yet go you know i don't know
what's going on everything is relative i mean compared to many of these people you're i
about a five on a skillet 200 you're okay okay well that doesn't matter you're not me talk so
here i go go ahead um this what happens to uh x's and o's on for shows that happen about talking
to the game you know you turn into a sports show anywhere you listen and it's oh this guy's good
this guy's not good and his salary and this and that i'm thinking what about the linebacker what's
the linebacker doing this situation what about the point yeah it's ridiculous either better they're
talking about the uh the points bread you know i'm gonna get it fucking gambling talk we gotta have
a separate show for a couple hours if you'd have been saying this for months just call it gambling
talk get all the degenerate gamblers on it and have like real sports shows where people talk real
sports the only problem is in this time where you find people to talk real sports because most of
them don't know what they're talking about have a great day pal okay it's you so when you're speaking
of that speaking of assholes on the internet and god are there millions and millions there's no
shortage of assholes on the internet all over the world study says internet addicts often show other
disorders disorders oh my god yeah what a shock to us you know i i will never ever i said this
many weeks ago and i have not even been inspired or thought never look at that chat room again on
a website it's a shame too because Julio Benito did a tremendous job put together our neogod.com
website it's great but when you go into channel and what was i expecting i don't know because i've
always said that every chat room i've ever looked at has been uh just a bunch of babbling idiots
and ours is certainly no exception of course it's no longer ours anyways they had emperors
their chat room so why the hell should we look at it and i don't but this is pretty damn interesting
it says people who seem addicted to the internet often show a bumper crop of psychiatric disorders
like manic depression and treating those other conditions might help them rain in their urge to be
online on average internet addicts in the study report on average report and having five
psychiatric disorders at some point in their lives of finding that just blew me away since
archiatrist Nathan Shapiro of the University of Cincinnati College of Medicine it's unclear whether
the internet problem should be considered disorder itself or just a symptom of something else
or whether certain disorders promote excessive online use he scheduled to present the study
Monday meaning uh yes there are two days ago at the annual meeting of the APA in Toronto
oh this is like a couple weeks ago how do you like that oh by the way speaking Toronto
our air Canada's on strike it went on strike a midnight last night to pilot the view we want more
money and they said uh sorry can't do it mister sorry and so those of you Canadians who are looking
forward to going home anytime in the near future sorry you're gonna have to find some alternative
method like a dog sled or something like that because air Canada is on strike sorry hailing won't
be seen you soon we have two open lines and date five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty
on the 18t wireless line compute the nerds baby like i told you there's a lot of interesting
stuff on the internet it's it's a lot of fun if there's certain things you're looking for you
want to look up old newspaper articles you want to read the history you want to get the
there's just tons of good stuff on it but there's also millions and millions and millions of
misfits and sickos and wackos and there's the living proof right there and average of five
other psychiatric disorders in their lifetime what a shock wonder how the guy with the
eyes is doing here's a mobile in my any hello hello nil yes oh you're killing me nil i was on
over 30 minutes 27 55 not 30 and don't go towards a mud of mobile and i guess that doesn't help
uh i'm not on your dime i know it is my time it is it is well you'll you'll get over it
markets up 33 points you'll make it back in a half an hour there you go uh nil uh
uh baseball like you say ponder i hate it you couldn't pay me to get to the stadium
but you didn't expect me to take that rain he has made a great soda yeah uh but the
migliori thing is definitely uh interesting and i'm following that one of the things he said
last night after he was he was being interviewed he goes well what about this study they're saying
if you were tied under where uh you'll hit 65 if you were loose stocks you'll hit 61 and all these
procrastinations and forecasting and stuff and he said stuff that makes a lot of sense well yeah
he said only the man there's loads what's gonna happen man upstairs yeah yeah i got it i got it
got tied up in the attic and then i said praise the Lord
good
good
good
where the wire said it look worse with that line
oh god
oh god come on sanny let's go sanny
no
it's a i wanted to say one thing in part of the mill
i even you think i'm out
okay thank you okay did counties open again we're having trouble keeping up
today come on can we get it up
so i'll just keep it up five six seven oh five
sixty pump five sixty on the 18t wireless line i never got that impression from the
wire i never heard of god bull crap from him he never impressed me as one of those goody
two shoes jocks which are hell of a lot of them always thought about the good man upstairs i
couldn't do without him but i beat that all that crap and guys after they do something on the
field or on the ice or whatever so he's looking up in the sky like uh oh yeah thank you so much
like god had a big bet on me today god for that here's Cooper City hello
hello Neil yes how do you do okay i do okay
well i don't understand about like those jocks like that is what about the other guy he has a
thought it was probably praying the same thing and he don't he don't have the right phone number
don't you understand he's not on the right bad line unbelievable how about that the whole thing
is so idiotic that if there were a god that he with all the stuff that's going on in the world i
just want you people out there with an iq larger than your toenail i want you to stop and think with
all the crap that's going on the world if there is such a thing as a god which is ridiculous
on the face of it but if there were that he's got time to worry about athletes and ball games
i mean give me a fricking break yeah that would be like saying that if god picked a radio station
was new we'd listen to all sports radio there you go
exactly and god the frowns on that hey listen i know that person at pigskin uh
he's robby still a little headache or what's the deal with him he's uh having his head examined and the
elicir having their heads examined because people want to know what they're even thinking about
well i got to tell you something i got news for a Montreal van Coover and whoever else is interested
in it and they must be making pretty weak offers of doing it about trading potfans for need
of my rain to warn them must be out of their mind well maybe there's stock in drop in like the market
the market's not drop in the market's up 30 uh not too good but it's up 30 well if you go know
what they do i seven feet there were 9300 houses seven feet i know that i'm just saying but you know
you're telling me like i don't know that like i don't know how much money i've lost on paper in the
last six you seven weeks how much plenty you don't you don't even want to know i lost over 12
but we'll have a concept you lost over 12 what 12 grand 12 grand i got news for if i don't
need law i i'd be having a party in the other room i'd be i'd be dancing in the other room if
i'd only lost 12 grand on paper and lasted everything drove up and i missed the shot well i'm not
a slut i worked for a hundred years to accumulate a few bucks and i'm going to tell you if i
were a nervous nellie i'd be called in sickle week long but i i don't worry about those things
yesterday i started markets up 300 points i'd call my broker i said sell this so let i took a
little bit of a profit there got some cash just in case and i'm holding my hand about one huh
look who they that's right hey but i want to tell you it's going up as we speak you're you're
an inspiration it's up 30 so almost 36 points and as that's up 23 so i have no fear
i'll throw a few bucks we'll be back have no fear that he press this here i will be back just
money right that's right we'll be okay so listen as far as the hockey tickets go yeah i gave it my
seat and pick it last year i found the guy i got nice low balls feet but i did have to send him a
check though they were asked to appear for days number two uh and you don't know what that was
in there it's very possible at that final bill could have come and maybe they thought that i just
uh i'm neglecting them big few a yeah there's a fact in the turk
case 1134 is there any other kind 1134 or 530 wqm we have it open line can't we get an answer
on this hockey ticket thing i come on a year here with this vast gigantic audience out there
usually i'm the one that dispenses all the good information and every now and then i ask the question
and the guy could call that started this thing several calls ago uh after i broke the question
about uh since we're getting awfully close how come i haven't received the final invoice and are
the uh things in the mail and are we supposed to have paid and when we get in the ticket the
center of the center and so on since it's the second of september and i'm looking for like a
little uh confirmation on it we can't get one single solitary person to like uh give us uh the
on that very ask not what your guide them tacos can do for you okay ask what uh
crap is in the mail that's it can we come back to that mail situation again don't we uh huh yeah
here's a mobile in Miami hello yes sir how you doing okay listen i saw a couple of
material license plates out there last night uh do you show it to him uh do you show it to him
isn't that the show that is that can just imagine you're right wrong wrong wrong state um
the jury is uh the bluegrass state oh the bluegrass
now i can tuck you with the bluegrass state you're right can tuck you to bluegrass state
there is a difference in these states whatever anyway go ahead
okay all right um i was at the game last night as you can imagine um you know i don't see
you know what killed me is that you know you were first human to role model and you're talking
about some like chemical monkey who's like 19 home run you know what i mean what do you mean by a
chemical monkey i'm gonna start with that again let's say role model i mean you know can you
pick a better role model than a sports athlete for Christake and second a lot like you know
like give me a name give me a name i don't know any one of mother terrata how's that mother
terrata she's dead she's dead she's dead she's dead she's killed me check she's wrinkled up
scribble up and dead in the door now you're right you're on with you
one male role model other than an athlete in this country and i'll listen to you
every wiseel who okay great yeah he's a he's a chemical built freak
she went in there why where's my case what's the hope in this town just like we got it
once they turn into a big board again freaking for that if which he's not i've seen him on
those press conferences a billion times and while i watch all these ball games where he's in
these home runs i don't ever hear make those references so he made some uh you know kind of
demand upstairs people say that like i say oh thank god it's uh the market's up but this is
such a negative bunch of assholes in this guy damn time do we get to well who's that calm
the bad line was that about my ticket and what's the story what's the uh info it was norm
wanting me to ask you if you would like him to call the passage or anything here we go again
i thought maybe it was rumor or somebody who might have some information not somebody who's
worried about his goddamn tickets here here we go again you people think you got problems okay
not only is my male like lost in space out there with uh with doing a lot of it but uh also i
got an attorney who's only worried about his goddamn sports tickets how's he coming on
that syndicating deal anything more word on that no how's he coming with Georgia's bonus he's
not yet low how's he coming with anything anything but all you got to do is mention sports tickets
and right away there's no mark can i'm a phone oh but i mean but i'm open about yeah go ahead
here's uh it just it just here you're just where's you down it just where's you down
predictable one dimensional people neurotic repetition always the same always the same craft
normal here sunrise hello hi Neil yes sir i first of all mark and gliders god yeah how do you like
these assholes trying to obtain his parade now second of all yes i am a kind of brief and atom
from the hockey second thought talk to a bunch of times yeah i got confirmation on the
banter tickets i saved the bill about four weeks ago oh and they sent out i know i paid the
bill because i got my visa statement already and i'm officially broke yeah and they send out
the tickets about the third week of September okay so you need to check with that and i got one other
thing for you i had a bill in deciding last night yeah outside the stadium so he asked me if he goes how
about that mark my guire so he didn't even want to talk hockey he just talked about these well of course
but he's a good guy he's find a good guy right or he's closed for a picture with my son and i and he's
he's a great guy yes sir so i just want to let you know he needs to check with the answers on that
okay thanks for the good news well thank you see there you go there's a guy knows what he's
talking about no bs and the other guy was also no bs but i just want a little verification
so anybody can call these shows and say but it would be better but it's the all kind of crap
that's all we needed just something to make me feel a little bit worse you know that uh
i uh will it sent to me it's lost lost in space lost in the mail thank you again the great letter
carriers of america we need to do it for us you know my mail is starting to catch up now the
only problem being that the mail from like the seventh of august which is the day after my mail
was stolen from the seventh of august till about a week later that's all uh hasn't shown up yet
do you think there's a chance i'll ever see it no so somewhere along the line for like about five
six days worth of mail has just vanished in the thin air because the letter carriers of america
they're underpaid and they can't quite get the job done because it's computerized it's computerized
baby so here we are it's only the second of September it's only about a month later and i'm still
hanging my ass looking for where the hell my mail is and all these other bills that i'm waiting for
putting my damn hockey tickets which to me is the most important goddamn thing in the world
oh jesus joseph and saw yeah no i'm go check it out okay go to some more go save some life somewhere
can you i can't yes you can i was gonna say can you believe it the crime of water show what i
have asked that question am i that stupid uh
20 till noon at five sixty wq anyone it's the marlins and cards tonight from pro players stadium
get some acquire souvenirs here join jo angel david right here
new from dutch bastards in conjunction with the good folks who put the play in playtex it's
swisher queefs on the world who's looking for more than a cotton cord to plug her gushing gash
you get the light touch and the right tape the blend is the blind
oh what a pick one up and smoke it out with the drop of mint more pleasure without morning
the garb red in balance for the light touch and the right tape smoth red the light touch and the
right tape the blend is the blind oh what a pick one up and smoke it some time
swisher queefs her grounded holy pack keep the one that's your best friend give it a try you get the
light touch and the right tape the blend is the blind oh what a pick one up and smoke it
it's eleven forty four five sixty wq are we getting the tremendous positive response to this
markman wire episode on this show no wow here's a chemical of built freak and he's a born
again asshole and okay whatever you say yeah let's have your kids work up to somebody that can
immediately are like Ellie wazell huh like there's anybody does anybody here i know who the
hell he is but does anybody know who he is is there any kid in america besides those those poor
a hasiti juze they're walking around the beanies on their head is there anybody knows who he is
no so what the hell are you talking about asshole god here's a mobile in west pond beach hello
wait a minute uh morning ill hello where's black where's my little my god hang on sir what what what is
this i never come to your show i never come to your show the only one i never come here is because i'm too
fat too fat for one you were saying all morning too fat and too loud never come you know you know
how he was under last night talking about how i'm screaming and i'm so loud i'm my loudest day of my
life i'm never even in the same league with you okay me oh get out get out of here oh man get out
of here don't get slow griffin okay she she's got the big bucks get out of here what i love you let
me say it again which word did you understand get out of here don't cop can you imagine me walking
in the middle of a power 96 show kib-kari would drop up load in the hallway up there no thanks
i got an audience over the edge of ten thank you oh so anyway what the amp was that
here's a mobile in west pond beach and i apologize profusely hello oh nail can you believe that
i got three inches for that fat fat fat slut that as serious that i thought he looked fat on a tv
thing he must wait 600 pounds unbelievable i just want to echo what the previous car said about
the ticket i did receive my final notice on august 3rd oh my god and i was mine i was still getting my
mallog is turd yeah well it's got to be the post office of the all uh of course i didn't send it
then because i don't want bald to collect the interest on my money yeah well when when's the
deadline to send in the money i'm afraid to ask that question well actually i got a second
notice on the 16th so uh that's not sent it out yeah but today's September not a number two
already it's already September yeah well i had to got lost in the mail a usps hard at work for you
as usual um about the need of my or pot band deal i think Brian murk how i have his head exam
and he basically told them he's damaged good uh they want it their doctor to check him i mean
what's the problem with that right i mean i don't understand if you want me to know what the
problem is i think he's terrified that they're going to find something that is not right there
or like find uh there's nothing between the years and that that's going to sour the deal so
and you see here's what he's terrified if that happens not only will it sour that deal but it'll
sour any other prospective deal they have with anybody else that for trade need a mark which you
just know that they got to be desperate to trade robby away sure they got to they got to be just
dying to get rid of him you know it's going to happen we're going to end up with Sean Burke you
want oh god for four million a year that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's
that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's
that's like having two slabs of Swiss cheese on your sandwich man both loaded with holes
thanks for the uplifting call pal okay we'll be she and you thanks for the good news
we have an open line indeed five six seven oh five sixty i'm going to tell you that norm can't
instead of worrying about all these degenerates you ought to be worrying about my hockey tickets right
now i'm taking care of that right now because i'll take a check over this afternoon just to make sure
that that doesn't slip through the cracks one more example you wondered you thought i was uh
getting a little overhand preventative there with that male situation see the male i hate to
break the news to letter carriers out there but it's the way that people are communicated each other
like if there are bills or checks or stuff like that purely important in people's lines
that you people are giving a song and then well you know if you got anything within 10 to 14
days usually kissed the ground you're pretty like yeah how about kissing my ass okay you
imperious idiots over there at the post office like i said before you could strap a big
net sack to my big dogs ass and he could schlep the male on a guarantee is a lot smarter than most
of these letter carriers he could schlep the male over there had a new box in no time in a day or
so in a few hours but oh it's got to take at least three maybe four weeks maybe 125 days yeah okay
whatever you say you guys are brutal you're impossible in net yeah but if you know the volume
we got yeah we know the volume you got volume of that's it here's Miami hello did you master
okay thank you oh thank you my big friend we have an open line of date five six seven
at oh five sixty and pound five sixty on the AT&T line how do you know i was Jewish
oh i'm sorry here's uh Miami Lake hello hello yes sir hey Neil how you doing okay uh first i'd say
uh thank you for uh well let me see how can i put it how can you put it
when i started listening to you yeah i was going through some doubts in the in the christian
religion and and um and i was brainwashed and in the church yeah and i was brainwashed and to
believing that uh you know the laddy laddy whatever laddy laddy laddy you said it very well sir
okay perfect so when you got so um you know when i started having those doubts everybody thought
i was going crazy because i was very very very much into the religion and i used to go
preaching to my friends and everybody when i was like i say starting in 18 i started realizing
on my own that uh it wasn't making any sense oh my god the more i learned about it the more i
got turned off and the more i realized the contradiction within the bible and uh what did look at
the very first pager read that day about the uh the sun and the stars and the the he he made the
sun to all the day and the and then the moon to rule the night and then he made the stars also
which of course we know rather the sun is just the star but the first people that wrote that crap
had no idea about that all he knew is that there were two lights up there today and so he made the
sun for the day time and the moon for the right time as if they just show up there at the
particular times yeah oh god and he's also funny that they they were saying that the earth was
clapped 500 years ago yeah when the the older civilizations like uh the Egyptians and the Maya they
knew that yeah they knew all the planets were like well you're going to get the pop-all upset again
it took them 500 years to apologize to Galileo now he's going to have to start apologizing to them too
i mean that's ridiculous and another thing uh changing the subject uh George uh he said something
about the Jews beyond camels yeah i saw the shoulder the other night on uh channel 60 i don't want to say
and uh and uh tell them not to forget uh the moors they were all uh spain for
i don't have more than the families sir uh you know Arabs in my fact he does he's got a bunch of
in fact you know something he until the tv people started coming in here he used to wear a turban
to work every day oh really like one day i think he followed David Neil's on a choco that's right
he used to come in here on his ass so he he's my diaper right then he probably knows that
make fun of that i'm sorry when he probably know that when we say oh ha la we're we're saying uh no you say
oh ha la boy you don't say oh ha la no i don't he pitches for the marlins oh hey hey hey hey
great day pal all right god bless us all all right okay yeah you're a little longer than
there's a lot of you getting to play how about Gary Morris in your family tree
we have an open line in day five six seven oh five sixty and pop five sixty on the AT&T
wireless line religion my ass and you know i'm going to take that thing as long as i'm getting some
crap off my chest today the people that really if you want to believe your stuff fine i don't care
it's uh let's say up to you but number one i don't want to be inundated with it and number two
i don't want to what i'm out there driving on the public highways that i help to build with my tax
dollars like all the rest of you that i don't want to have to be hitting the plus with it okay your
car i hate to break the news your car is not a moving billboard to advertise your superstition
jeez the saves and jeez this and the little fish with us all get out of here already with a
if you believe it fine why do you have to be so intolerant it is so goddamn rude
these are supposed to be the good people the christian people right and are the rude people they're the
intolerant people because if they were tolerant and understood the it's just like having to go
in there it's in a football game to a football game and they got an invocation see when i watch
a football game in my house even though i have to pay like you know on the satellite dish whatever
now i pay for the package and it's very minimal but at least i buy the freedom to sit there in my
house and i don't have to stand before the game and mumble a lot of mumbo jumbo in jesus name you
know i'm going to tell you something i remember seriously i'm wound up about this because it pisses
me off you assholes out there my Jewish friends who go to those dolphin games i was a season ticket
order for five years okay with my own god damn money and one of the things that really frost my
ass i tried to start a thing about not standing for the invocation hoping that if enough people
sat on their ass and realized that going to a pain to be paying to go to a sporting event where
there are all different kinds of people with all religious beliefs or lack of it's not the place
to have a religious exercise we don't have religious we don't have invocations at baseball games
at basketball games at hockey games at the racetrack any other god damn plan we needed at the racetrack
no place else except at football games please rise while ribbon the hot god you come set their
father wrote tool gives the invocates and here's all these poor Jews up there only fat rich and
iron one or two other people at the guts to sit down and not stand for the invocates we would stand
for the national anthem and as soon as that getchkey got out there started to hockey to try we start
right down on the chair and all we got was dirty looks dirty looks and here's my Jewish friends out
there including many in my section by the way my year-long friend standing there where father
wrote tools going oh but we put a book in Jesus name yeah and they're just standing there like a
median sheep who wound up paying 50 or 60 bucks or more to come into a god damn sporting event and
had to turn it turned into a Sunday church episode you people are spineless you're gutless you're
a bunch of god damn sheep and the day that I spend my hard earned dollars to go into any kind of
event so I can be embarrassed and humiliated with somebody else's religious hoax focus that'll
be a cold god damn day and hell god damn right you idiots you fools the national football league
with its prayer the national football league which was the only sporting event by the way that
decided that their event was too important after president Kennedy got assassinated every other
sport the NHL the NBA everything else in the world didn't participate that weekend and respect to
a dead president okay which they thought was a little bit more important but the national god damn
f-ing football league they had to go the game had to go on because that was more important
we're talking about not an national pastime we're talking about a national neurosis is what we're
talking about stand up for a god damn prayer at a football game are you people out of your god damn
mind you bet your sweet ass you are that you have to pay to go into it's like back in the days when
I was in high school and we used to have those assemblies and of course this isn't candidate
when the Yorker or there may be like ten Jewish families but nevertheless if the assembly
if we had the Lord's prayer oh yes in Jesus name but it'd be putable yeah right
and I used to say Jesus are we doing this again
and they'd look at me and say shut up you bastard sit on I did four minutes before noon at 5.6
and they said someday he'll be making a lot of money doing that
oh I know where you you know when you think I wanted 5.60 WQM she brings back a lot of good memories to me
couldn't we turn back the clock we have an open line at day 5.6 7.05 60 and 5.60 on the mobile one line
here's a mobile on the alley with the pig report hello deal yes sir yeah just wanted to call
I'd say you know for a long time listener first time caller and took some for me to really get
pissed off about I'm driving across from Naples cultural wasteland today and I get the mile marker 34
on the alley which is the middle of the Everglades yeah there's it's one Broward County Sheriff's car
right over the overpass with his radar gun on and just down the road there are four other Broward
County Sheriff patrol cars pulling people over in a construction zone where speeding finds
double and those assholes should be back in four-lotterdale trying to stop crime yeah
during the middle of the Everglades you know all those vases that are running the red lights
so killing people I'm telling you it's enough to make the crazy yeah anyhow I'm out of material
just wanting to let everybody know mile markers 34 so you got nailed I didn't get me I got a red
all right nice work found all right see yeah we have an open line in Broward 5 6 7 0 5 60
pound 5 60 on the mobile one line that thing at the football games there was only one of many
aspects that convinced me beyond a shadow but now I waste your time but God almighty watching a
bunch of adults I'm not talking about little kids who feel that they're compelled to you know
do whatever to hell everybody else tells them to do but watching a bunch of adults who are like
Jews and atheists and Christians scientists and whatever they are just standing up dutifully
going through some religious exercise by somebody who has just like a when the rabbi is out there
and here these Christians go out standing up because some rabbi is talking about at least he's not
doing it in the Hebrew anyway because except for the very orthodox the Jews tend to be somewhat
less intolerant than the very orthodox of the goyam although the very orthodox of both of them are
crazier in a bed bug you know what I'm talking about yeah I think you do
oh and then speaking I'm just out of control I saw a thing a rabbi who I had in my show years ago
I can't remember which one they all look the same they all look real Jewish it was on public
television and he was demonstrating he was laying to fill in he was demonstrating the very
thing that your accountant David the crazy Jew did to you that day where they wrapped these
straps around your arm and they put that crazy thing on a forehead and they like cut off the
circulation I am going to tell you something my friends there are crazy people walking around on
the loose you know the president got into trouble for laying monica these people are laying to fill
them at least laying monica may or may not have you know been a fun time come on it's kind of
sexual it's an sexual it's not an estinem thing it's a m thing pure unadulterated massacres
them the s part stands for stupidity laying to fill in there I wish that everybody in the world
could see this because I'm one Jew that's going to be honest enough to tell you that the crazy
Arabs are no crazier than the crazy fanatical Jews they deserve each other they that's a
Max made in heaven and they're all circumcised too by the way you're just out of a throat
in there for it well I'm on a roll barberry oh god he's tiny straps around it and his arm like
here on that day I was getting panicky you know your arm was purple all right with him I own yeah
right believe me for something else I wouldn't have been looking I mean you ever squeeze anything
so tight that it turned purple well that's beside not that God almighty they're doing this and
they've got that thing on their forehead and they wear in all these 40 pounds of clothing
and they expect people to go out to ball games and pay 50 and a hundred bucks to go to see
a sporting event and they got to go through some guy them hoax pocus relic see we're supposed to
have freedom of religion and freedom from religion in his country that's what you don't understand
what a concept so if you want to participate in your barbaric embarrassing rituals be my guest
okay we'll just sit back and laugh at you but if the rest of us don't then don't inflict
with our supply upon us especially places where we're going to watch a guy they'm entertainment
and don't want to go to if we want to go to a religious exercise we'll go to show we'll go to church
we'll go some guy damn place here's Miami Beach hello hello yes sir hey Neil um yeah you were talking
earlier about a spaghetti sauce what is it called mama what mama la mama's mama la sauce mama
that's what it's called that's it the Cuban spaghetti sauce we have an open line in day 5 6 7 0 5
see another one of your little Julio's 5 6 7 0 5 6 and he got all worked up on Don Cox came in here
that's what got him out of the world who's probably listening to power 96 before and by the way
you TV people I just want to give you a little piece of advice okay since I saved your asses and
your jobs for like the next three months doing a show with those Israeli skinheads or whatever they
are Don Cox is not somebody we need on this program Don Cox is definitely not somebody I need
or want in this studio at any time of my life so if there are people out there encouraging him
because they're trying to orchestrate what they consider to be exciting events on a show go out
there and tape some exciting event go to the beach and tape some nude hot looking people out there
steal some of the leftovers from tens and drop those in on the show then we'll get some guy
then people watching that's right I mean what would you rather see some scantily clad young
a well-tanned body whatever turns you on or Don Cox I mean is that like a tough question do we
have to have a seminar and that we have to put it to a god then vote they're all denying any
involvement with Don Cox in that episode they're involving they're denying involvement with Cox
now what I heard here's Miami hello Neil yes sir hey just wanted to say kudos to Mark McGuire
yes the Sammy Sosa of a more importantly kudos to you
hi and here they're sitting down what he's fading looking up
heck welcome to the food over you yeah you've just been tied
more importantly kudos to you your show cracks me up every night yeah you look like when
I'm on my own cut 11 inch penis uh-huh okay great thank you that's the same guy to call
yesterday about the pimple on a pimple on his ass thank you I'm so so glad you're enjoying the show
by the way you must have a beautiful penis we have an open line in date five six seven oh five
sixty and pound five sixty on the mobile one line he's watching every night just like everybody
else's that's why we got a uh here we don't even have any numbers today because they're probably too
embarrassed and the shows last night were both excellent by the way they're both very very good
except for dimecocks here's a mobile and book hello hey Neil uh six years down here listening to the
show uh moving out of the state on Friday congratulations to you sir thank you especially
up close to the trial last quarter it's just more reason to go yeah and uh living in
bulk of a tournament I think it was the free lunch it walkings with the people facing in the
aisle for the five hours then that put you right over the edge that's the same thing you have for
this to get that light here and uh like to make one quickly quest to uh telefront the
flag of by yeah you're a we know nothing three spec okay i'd like to have a great life i know
okay there's a guy he's bailing out the thousand seventy two the nazi x up thirty five let's hear it
come on i'm not going to get too enthused or excited but we're starting to like uh you know i feel a
little bit less psychotic than i did two days ago sitting here watching my life flash before my eyes
and it's for the guy that called the forts as he's twelve grand out oh baby twelve grand to me
that's uh i understand it's all relative but boy will that be sweet or what no uh speaking of
a money while other toy to deal with the Q a tail swanning to help an all the boy
on a Catholic ABC look at this see that i told you i had the right i had the first word on this
this is from a radio and records street talk heard at fast time that long time w i o d minemoring
w i o d minemoring fixture alice rantell who never worked on w i o d how do you like that nice
go on radio and records of course to show you because somebody prints it somewhere does that
necessarily mean it's uh no any relationship to the truth no like that article about paxing
the million the upon beach post the other day no not even not even two words of truth in there
alice rantell is about to join k a b c law s angeles insiders were also whispering about
negotiations station management having with least two more potential hosts as the a b c on talker
begins really to gear up a dream building process under new program director wait until you hear
this drew haze you know who drew hazes you long time old time listers remember the days of
w snooze many many many years ago we were doing that boring fun drew haze was a little punk
who used to be doing overnight talk on the weekends for us and he used to scream so loud he was
on from midnight to six that by three four in the morning every night he would be horse he would
lose his voice he could talk because he was screaming in the alley drew haze went on to become
program director at w l s in Chicago oh my god and now he's the pd of k a b c in law s angeles
you wonder about this business you talk about this business here's a kid that wouldn't know a talk
show if you're stuck it up his uh and his guys pd of k a b c hiring alice rantell or he'll go over
big out there in la baby good luck to alice you'll need it god two open lines and broward five six
seven oh five sixty did you hear the good news we're probably going back on the year and four
mires maybe possibly because they finally got some ratings on that station over there to be
least and they can't get over it plus they had eight million phone calls people bitching how come
you took that crazy meal off the year over here because everybody in their brother under the age
of a hundred was listening all ten of us there you go but being the cowards that they are you
know they got a couple of calls from the a f a and the f f a and the uh... future farmers of america
whatever it was right away open or pull out of yeah pull this there's a mobile in derail hello
hey yeah how's it going okay sir uh i would like to talk to you today about religion and i would
like to invite every idiot out there listening to believe in god how to listen to what i'm up to say
good now according to some joevers i talked to uh earth has only been here six thousand years
of what figure i was here okay then then they come out this crap about Noah's arc why i have a
question we have saltwater animals and we have fresh water animals now how do you account as the
earth flooded over that either all the saltwater don't understand that god was the first one to
institute that don't ask don't tell policy i know i don't ask that i won't tell archaeologist
uh find uh... skeleton remains from species extinct for a million years this idiot will tell you
what carbon dating uh... doesn't work carbon dating that's the work of the devil don't you
understand that that's what the religious nuts will tell you it's the work of the devil
i'd like to tell the religious nuts that carbon dating is neither an exact science within around
five thousand years right now as any uh... better right come out of the yeah as any piece of
matter decays on this planet it loses a certain amount of radiation per year that is how they measure
carbon dating okay so any religious idiot out there like the Nicole Neal and i'd like them to explain
to him how we can have fun so several million years old how we can have species that that have a
it's a satanic plot that you understand i think the also bought that something to do with it
i don't know i did it i don't you understand these people are in brainwash from birth and their
brains are closed you can't reason with people who can't think yeah but i don't understand there's
no feeling i mean you show these idiots proof of evolution skeletal remains over millions of
years and they'll sit your face and say oh that's wrong they won't say that i'm i-fade yeah
it's right there well save your breath pal because you deal with a bunch of lunatics
all right now thank god thank god all this religious killings over within the world today anyway right
we have an open line and date and two and brownered five six seven oh five sixty
pampa and you notice something this thing about the invocation of the football games
all right then this is another one of those things i brought up 50 billion times over the years
on here and you people are all such a bunch of spineless cowards not only won't you not stand up for
that at the ballgame which is totally unacceptable and inappropriate you won't even talk about it
you won't even talk about it because you're such a bunch of pussy because your ballgame is so
guided and important to you that you're willing to be the just the the humanized and humiliated and
degraded and stand there for some idiotic stupid hocus pocus religious exercise
and you don't give a crap that i mean what's the hope what's the use
looking for somebody in this country who's got some backbone got some balls it's like looking
for a guy named needle in a haystack here's a mobile is a water deal hello hey Anthony
yes sir you were talking about fulfilling i get this story last week i'm in a client's office
i'm a sugar walks in all right south uh the building yeah we've got frozen out my head
wraps my arms so tight oh yeah as we bench with him uh minion and the exit up the lane
no and no charge no charge such a deal i got one of the things asked you to think the article
what do you think the article is wanting about the robby well what do you mean what did i think of
the article where he comes out admit i'm not a hundred percent right let me let me say it again
there's one line in the article that i read before i'll read it again it says according to sources
miche Smith of Toronto make the deal only if he can have a head injury expert of his own choosing
examine need a mirror murray says that's not an option let me say it to you right now anybody that
would uh if anybody in Toronto makes the deal they're the ones who should have their head examined
exactly the 50 minute minute that he can't play that's right and addition to which when he does play
he's still a pussy anyway shows up like once every throw a few or four games and the rest of the
time he goes out there and skates figure eight and he looks like he's lost he's a nice kid but he's
just not motivated he doesn't have the fire in the belly that it takes to go out there and
compete at that level he doesn't have it he's not his brother and he's never going to have it you're
right never gonna be his brother good luck to him okay sure okay we're coming down to a precious
couple now see now is when he's lines ought to be blazing now is when he's lines ought to be on fire
and in their dormant now we got two calls left on the board a lot of negative calls today about
mark McGuire he's a creation of a laboratory somewhere drugs he's a born again nut which he's not
but that's what you get here and you think I'm just making it up when I tell you what a negative
hospital town this is hostile negative two open lines in day two and brownered five six seven
oh five sixty five five sixty on that mobile one line mobile in four louder nail hello hi Neil
yes sir and uh one question a little confused from Willie's punishment for lying was that he loses his
job if that happens Monica's punishment going to be for lying like they're gonna sell around
about immunity she has no punishment for anything she's got immunity and people are talking about
well how come he didn't apologize there she ought to apologize to Hillary and the whole
goddamn country because she went there with her presidential knee pads on she know exactly what
she was doing she's the one that created this old mess right that's right on the dress how could
they give room if you aren't that it because now they see that she lied yeah if they're saying you
know Willie you lied but follow no guess what nobody cares sorry nobody cares now's up 110 the
and as they accept 43 that's what we care about open line and date all of brownered white open
like somebody just took the brown lines and just uh yank them five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty on the mobile one line here's Miami hello hey Neil yes sir thanks for
purple paint and fresh see you sent to me yes thank you very much you're welcome okay okay that's it
okay that's it thanks for purple the fresh and that's the end of the show okay
how how is this possible how is it possible i'm sitting here as animated as a god then Mexican jumping
being and these people are like in a coma you can't get to them with a goddamn horse whip you can
beat them over ahead with a two by four you can't squeeze a response out of these goddamn people
i keep telling myself the same thing over and over again do i ever learn that lesson no no because
once i accept that i'm just going to lay down on the floor here for four hours
well get up on its time to do a spot and then that'll be it and hope that they'll still pay me for
doing that it's on and here's here's Kendall with 82 question marks hello Neil yes sir how's it going
okay uh went to a lot of martin's games last year i'm only once two this year boss and red talk
and i'm going today to see big Mac yeah all the rest of them they go all go to hell the handbag all right
um president for knee pads must be worn out by now all right thank you
okay we have an open line and bros and i want to go to the christian mark center so you got me
nervous with that guy i thought it was the boogar on guy who is not the boogar on guy okay this guy
maybe a boogar on but that's his business okay it's could be so nosy will you all you
spicks are so nosy five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty thank god us juzard so nosy just
to worry about your meal uh if you live in a condo is because your neighbors will take care of it for
you they'll make sure it's all in there and where it's from and uh etc here's a mobile implantation
hello hey Neil yes sir how you doing i just like to say congratulations to uh McGuire i feel bad
for so because i don't think he gets the publicity he should he's not getting any publicity yeah i
don't understand that at all i heard what you said this morning he's from the Dominican Republic and
that's why he's too dark-complexed it's really sad you know what would happen what would the world
say if he was a want to break it McGuire didn't even make it uh-huh that's out of the question of course
but listen i wanted to tell you i was over in four of my years few years back when you're on
the air over there what do you mean a few years back oh well we're on there the first time
you know for about five minutes yeah it's true yeah and i work at a job where i'm in people's homes
all the time and i take care of the equipment and i'll tell you that's the bible belt over there i know
i know they don't like you what's all about there a lot of we we had ratings over there it's a first
time that station never had nothing in the history that's been on the air
y'all yeah it was great it was great considering putting it back on here which i find just
unbelievable and we'll see if they have the balls to do it if any any consolations we i
suggest people nothing take my radio and then listen to it whether they like it or not well god bless
you your god me i'll see you bye we have an open line inbroward five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty on a mobile one line wouldn't that be quite a turnaround for the beastie at the
beastly boys to all of a sudden grow a little tiny pair and put the near rod your show back on
wwc and in four mires where they got fifty billion calls the first couple of days when they arbitrarily
took it off to put a bunch of pain religion on over there because they are going to allow a bunch
of bible fumperers to tell them what to put on here see this is what i'm talking about you want
to be a bible fumper go thump it someplace else don't thump it in my purse if you want to thump it in
my purse you better look pretty good okay that's all i can tell you where we going let's
what is it a mobile in the camera hello
male yes sir how are you today okay i just uh was coming down sample road and there's this great
bill boy that says if you continue taking my name in vain i'll make rush hour longer god oh no
then you imagine they're going to make rush hour longer god gamut where were you to see that god
damn billboard on sample going west bill god yeah at least meal god right in the meal god damn it
and then bumper sticker the other day meal it said before i formed you i knew you god
amazing profound profound okay god bless you my god bless you okay let's uh stick that
away for in your post nine drinks some of the wine but don't drink out of that chalice that the
priest i'm telling you i've been warning you guys out there that's what's proliferating a lot of
this disease you keep drinking at one out of the same uh chalice where there's the priest
there's no fact in the church oh man i would put my lips on that we have an open line in day one
and broder five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty on the mobile one line if you're
car five sixty qm before i leave here at two o'clock today i'm going to tell you right now i'm
here from at least one person if it's the last day in fact i won't leave here period
until i hear from one person who goes through the dolphin games and this is supposed to be your
dog dolphin station and a lot of you who i know very very well who used to sit in my section air 142
i want to hear from somebody out there who tells me why they stand during that invocation and if
they think that it's an appropriate place to be having a god damn prayer at a football game that's
what i want to hear you see you know some people including George and others like al goldstein are
always saying that you know people are a bunch of pansies that the sports people see the football
people think they're the most macho of all the sports people i hate to break the news to you they're
the biggest pansies of all because they don't even have the guts to sit down there and make a statement
they're like uh like little obedient soldiers like an auntie's war yeah they're they're just
conditioned to do whatever the hell they're told to do everybody rise now father or tools going to go
out there and talk about the altar boys whatever hell he's going to do in jesus name amen
two open lines and brodered five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line but
you're a pussy's four-letter day hello yes sir okay let me see just uh i watch the tv show just
one of the other person to your personalist there all right and actually uh about a year and a
all right you're too better with so long ago though you know we didn't last very long because they
never gave us a box or anything we had to fill like a paper form we had to fill out and send
in the mail yeah and they sent you like a bunch of quarters or something for yeah that was good
to have a bunch of quarters well for some people it might be their full income but uh
anyway it was you know a lot of time to sit there and fill out the thing after watching
everything we'll show uh and the form to right and uh so you know we just never bother doing it but
i wonder in your crusade here's some ammo actually in your crusade against the whole meal for
rating system uh how unbiased could it possibly be if you're a family who has the box aren't you
gonna you know not watch certain shows because you don't want them to think that you're the kind
of family that watches oh absolutely you're that person about it right and especially you don't
want them to think that you're the kind of family that would watch you know someone crude like Neil
so i don't know i just i find yeah but if you are watching it you can't fool the box
that well yeah but if if you're not using the boxes for filling out the paper form or regardless
so it can't be a biased thing and uh anyway i also wanted to say thank you for uh the book he gave me
which was the uh what sucks about south Florida right it actually came in as a pretty handy reference
tool because i was moving from north Miami to coral spring and i wasn't all that familiar with coral
spring oh yeah they had a list all the gangs in there it was pretty good yeah for you know the
gang leaders their home phone numbers like that but oh just you know lists of phone numbers for
cable companies uh utility stuff like that it host office i wasn't expecting how to get your mail
forwarded real fast yeah anyway i think that's all i have to say for today have a good day now okay i
rebeaterchi okay we have an open line in date county five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty
i want to hear from somebody out there who's got the guts to sit through the invocation and see
the problem with people is they're too worried about what other people will think of them okay
okay they're too god damn worried about what other people will think of them and quite frankly
i don't give a flying crap what anybody thinks which doesn't mean i go out of my way to offend people
but nevertheless i express my opinions the way i feel like it i dress the way i want to dress
like a slob and i do whatever the hell i want and if people don't like it give them the baffongula
baby i don't care what the hell do i give a crap about people that i don't even know a bunch of
strangers what they think about me at a football game if i'm outstanding for some bunch of barbaric
crap but all these other people oh we don't want to stick out in the crowd it's disrespectful it's
disrespectful for them to be doing the thing there in front of you that's what's this respectful
how about if you went if you're any god damn airport and you go in the tea room to take a leak
is there a priest in there you have to say a prayer in fact if there is a priest in there i'll tell
you one thing better run out run like hell that's right that priest been hanging out of that you're
in a hell of a long time i mean is that the appropriate place to be saying a god damn prayer no
there's a time in a place for everything and at a god damn football game national football league
or otherwise is not the place for a religious exercise when the guys come out of the field for
practice before the game and they're doing their calisthenics and yankin and twisting it and
playing little grab ass with each other that's what the exercise is okay your exercise is getting off
your ass going up and buying 20 or 30 more beers and a couple of overpriced weenies and burgers or
whatever that's the only exercise you're going to get there and you'll exercise your your jaws
and screaming and yelling there and hey guys you really suck how come how about scoring a touchdown
once in your lifetime you'll get that kind of exercise but religious exercise absolutely
positively wrong and you can't convince these people don't confuse us with the truth you stand out
like a sore thumb we want to be part of the crowd we want to be like everybody else stupid
well congratulations here's a mobile in aventura hello thank you okay let's go to four-letter
deal hello four-letter deal hey deal yes sir all right i want to say that i'm proud and thrilled to
have been at the game last night and watched mark McGuire crush two home runs to centerfield
yeah i'm going to have my tickets framed and hang them on the wall all right and i'm real happy
for my friend who came all the way down from indianapolis to attend the game excellent and
nice timing pal he's got tickets for for future games in Cincinnati and i think no walkie so he
may be there when he does the and they wouldn't even have to say a prayer before the game last night
did that my my second point uh i was raised religious um until i was about 15 years old i was forced
to go to church i'm losing how Joe Rose ever get ahead that big 17 to one at five sixty
w q a m we have an open line and date five six seven oh five sixty the challenges out there to all
those doffin fans baby don't forget by the way hankleby out there at pp park today from two to six
he'll give you the lowdown on what's going on because very jackass says the deal with john henry is
close it's coming here's homestead hello nil yes sir i'm down here in the homestead i'm a new
rudges closet mister all right listen up man i understand these sports things right before they come
on the field they all get around the room and everything locker room and have their prayer and
ask car to you same thing they have their prayer the car guy those macho nascar guys do that yeah
absolutely well we got the fact that now we've got Jeff Gordon so you know we know we know
what that's called that's a key club you more on yeah that's nascar well we didn't know you
guys could drive but that's the side to play they can drive it yeah but i don't understand they
prayer in the rock locker room and everything then they come on the field and they make everybody
else you know stand up and do it but i don't understand myself why they got to do that but i
guess a lot of people stand up because they're afraid like you said somebody standing around watching
them or god forbid something should happen during the game and they absolutely die
they get up there and god says how come he didn't stand up during the good point yeah
they probably if i just want to stood up well welcome nascar nil i'm out of material all right
thanks for the good news that's the nascar crowd down there in homestead we know about that
it's a game club you more on two open lines in date county five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty on the mobile one line is there one person i mean how many years a hundred years i've been
pursuing the answer to this question why can't we get one just one person to fess up that they're
whatever i don't want to put words in them out because i know you go to those dolphin games and i
know that you know as well as i do that's not the place to be forced to do a god damn prayer
oh it doesn't bother me i just uh look up at the sky and i'm gonna look at Superman yeah we know
no it's jeff Cohen's banner see that's the idea make you stand up and look up in the sky and see
that jeff Cohen banner for defeats a lot here's pember pines hello yeah nil yes sir loyal listener
i never called but uh you motivated motivated you motivated you good i've been a dolphin
student thick at older for about seventeen years yes sir i section four fifteen row twenty eight
seats five and six how is bleep yeah knows bleep but on the fifty odd line uh-huh i am the only
god damn person to sit down when that asshole gets he is up there's
great spewing his property good for you man okay i've ever since you were going to the game
and telling people to sit down i'm said you know that's a great idea so i sit down i don't even get up
i after the invocation then i do the um now show and them and i stand for that
but i am the only one in my own style look around to see anybody else sit down and i don't see
anybody sitting down i think what we're going to have to do is we're going to have to start before
the games i'm going to start going back out there and stick about a bunch of invisible crazy glue
on her seats before they do the invocation it is such a waste of time and the lady is stand out
there and they're dressed it's a hundred degrees in the shade she's rifting from ethical yeah
and for what for nothing then they start the game and everybody's beating the brains out in the
stand and i'm a field and they're and they're they're hockin is crap about all well lord uh please
please help our players get through the game without any injury and help them do this and perform
i mean you know let's just stop and think about how ludicrous how deemed if there were such a thing
as a god how demeaning this would be the god that people are praying to god to worry about a football
game of course i'm Jesus god almighty so simple people have no frigging common sense don't ever stop
talking about this i never will don't have to worry about that i don't care if people are i
if you think it's getting older what man do not stop talking about this religious yes god bless you
and i hope this section is on the god damn sixty nine okay god damn it all right we're in
okay see you yeah in closing mouth you're an amphole okay goodbye okay got a lot of open lines that's
right lots open lines i mean whatever you want i mean we got this in tremendous enthusiasm and
about mark maguire's great performance last night don't we no there's not too excited about that
they're really responding to my thing about the standing for the invocation at the dolphin game
no with this one guy there's one and that then that's this is one of the handful of guys that's
got some balls but the other people who don't have the balls those are the people all you won't make
us call we don't want to admit it well isn't that isn't that courageous don't you look in the
mirror and say to yourself am i a person who really is willing to stand up for what or sit down
in this case for what i believe in where do you find the people that have any cajones that's my
question where are they let's get a fricking search party and find some people that have a ball bigger
than a ball bearing okay i'm not talking about physical ones i'm talking about whatever it is
where how are they two open lines and date where we know they have no balls five six seven
oh five sixty five sixty in the mobile one line if that any balls and date cut it what
could wouldn't keep putting the same crooked politicians back in the over and over again and let
them destroy this town Miami date county my ass here's Miami hello Neil yes sir how you doing sir
okay talking about how you bruise rectum sir it's coming along yeah it's coming along how you
feeling good yeah i keep praying to the Lord every night to you all right hello how's that out
do i have a what oh how's that out can you play a song for me can i play a song for you yeah
let's do a joint because i'm gonna do it right now okay we're giving you a number up by the way
praise the call as the guy smoking at wicked weed and god's gonna be really upset and pissed off okay
there's a gongi man he's doing the manja la gongi trace that call and get that number right away to
the FBI the CIA the secret police the SS we have an open line in uh in date county five six seven
oh five sixty and uh pound five sixty on our mobile one line we're still searching and i guarantee
we won't find one there is no dolphin fan it'll as the balls other than this guy who sits on his ass
thank god for him but there's nobody else out there there will debate oh it's none of your business if
we feel like standing up you're right you're full of crap you're spymless cowards you're a bunch of
pussies who just go along with a crowd just like they wanted about the Nazis and well you know we
didn't know we were just doing what we were being told there you go we that was the greatest line
after the war we were just doing what we were being told all right i'll tell you one thing forget
about the stock market i'm going into the wool business okay that's why i'm gonna make a fortune
because there's so many sheep in this world there must be enough will to fill a whole guy damn
Uranus here's a mobile and four-letter mail hello hey nail yes sir i'm one of those colors that
would stand up and say that everybody has a choice to do whatever they want to do so if those
that true to stand up let them stand up don't but i mean you believe in what you believe in they
ought to have a chance to believe in what they believe so you let them say so you believe that all
those people are just standing like when a priest is out there giving a very phenomenal
a dominoe a christian prayer you believe that all those people in there believe in what he's saying
no no so what are they standing up so why should why are they standing up that's well they what
they are they stupid you know if you agree if you don't want to stand you have a
church to stand or not nobody's out holding the grunge you did that's what i keep telling them if
you want to sit on your ass or to any rest they don't have the grudges to do it but it's here you know
yeah they're a bunch of pussy's a lot of people don't have their own mind they they they a lot of
people are led by other folks to do whatever the good of the crowd is exactly yeah to go on with
what they believe in so you know stand on your own two feet only one god you have to stand for
that's good don't forget it okay see I read it hurt you you know i'm saying we have an open
line in brown at five six seven i mean this is not maybe the most important thing in the world
but it's the beginning of saying they're making a statement isn't that what Jesse Jackson always says
you have to make a statement to get out of your predicament i wonder what he meant by that
because he'd be talking in rhyme and jive and bullcraft and what now we need him for anyway get
him out of here you know how his face is falling apart Jesse Clinton's nose keeps getting longer
and Jesse's face is falling apart what does that all mean it means the Lord works in mysterious ways
and don't you ever forget it you heathen bastards here's Fort Lauderdale hello and how you doing okay
I'm a dolphin fan i go to most of the game and i won't stand no three don't just can't do it
yeah they got you i don't think prayers gonna help the dolphins maybe they got you out there they're
doing a little ulaj before the game then maybe everybody that's what they need is
right out there at the 50-yard line before the game to give them a little bit of encouragement
that's yeah 100 degrees and i could just imagine you out there just giving them a huge
i'd be schmitz in my brains out i stand up for that all right all right see you there in the first
home game on your dolphin station five sixty yeah how come we had the baseball game last night nobody
had a stand up for that these are a thing that nobody questions because in this country especially
nobody questions anything nobody questions nobody asked uh you know the most important god then
question the world that everybody in the world ought to be asking the way the hell is that by the way
where is that where's my why it's why isn't it in there it's not in there is it next to the k the
k why should just be under why but it's not one moment please i can't i can't that's unbelievable
that's just a letter why huh just a letter why it's all it's under the letter why why is that how you
spell why no it's for ease of uh you know it's for ease of knowing if you know that that's where it is
yeah that's right nobody ever bothers to ask the god damn question why of course not because
they're too busy being let around by the nose oh this is what we do okay fine and we'll get the
game in a minute you spinyless cowards you are makes me nauseous that an old bag like me has to
be the one guy that stands out like a sore thumb as a man with a god damn backbone on the one guy in
his town it's got a bone not much but I got a bone to pick here's a mobile in uh pop it oh hello
hey nil yes sir you know i really chopped my bag what is that that bumper sticker that says real
man love Jesus oh god have you seen that one real man who would love Jesus that sounds very homo
erotic to me you know what my response that is yes you're a pussy if you don't love Buddha if I
got a bumper sticker that said that and put that on my car you know we we'll work on it we'll
have it in less than a week I love it okay pal see yeah that's right if you don't rub Buddha's head
you're a real pussy anybody out there been rubbing Buddha's head lately we have an open line
in it's nice and smooth open line and powered 5 6 7 0 5 60 and 5 5 60 oh well what's wrong with
saying that Buddha's got a nice smooth head he's a skinhead for Christ sakes there's so much
confusion about that anyway it's 12 54 it's about the crap food out there and he's absolutely correct
and I'm sure he probably will bring in he'll probably have it catered some real food in there
so it doesn't have to eat that horn this crap that the Wayne is serving up anyway five minutes
to all thing game pray you don't die from Tomaine from meeting that garbage they're serving you at
PP stadium that's the deal you know moop and probably a few more than that and they got this
monopoly on Wednesday night baseball and they decide that we want to see the big unit and the
Greg Maddox I love Greg Maddox but quite frankly last part of the season he ain't been a shadow
of himself and the big unit who now wants to look at that who don't need to see a meaningless
game if we're gonna see a meaningless game let's see a meaningless game where there's somebody
performing this breakout kinds of records that people are excited about you idiots
here's a lady in four-letter deal hello hi Neil yes ma'am I have been a dolphin season taking
holder for 15 years I sit in section 139 but 27 and I know people behind me don't stand up for the
invocation I sure don't stand up for the invocation and it's ridiculous I mean it's not the Christian
football league not the Jewish football league right it's it's the Miami Dolphin's I'm paying
$38 to see a football game not to be re-lecchered by a priest so in other words there actually are
people with some balls who are sitting which have been screaming for years for people to do I
haven't stood I've never stood up for the invocation oh god bless you freedom of religion
means freedom from religion as well right if I'm paying for football game I shouldn't have to
sit through a religious event sports are secular I mean when when people beg you to buy tickets to
go subsidize their business their event right and then they then they subject you to an
embarrassing humiliating ritual like that how you know how how how long is it going to take
before the NFL finally wisers up and realizes that there's not another sport in the world
right not a soccer game not a rugby game not a cricket match not a tilly wings a chess game I mean
there's nothing where people are subjected to a prayer at a ballgame right I mean a perfect world
you know that's what sports is for sports are it transcends anything religious or political it's
so people can get together and unite behind a team you know unless they're fighting and getting
drunk but that's what it's about there's no one's not fighting and getting drunk was what it was
about if it all in games oh never mind oh that's why I stopped going anyway I don't stand and I
will not stand this year and I encourage everybody in my section I tell them they shouldn't stand
for it's ridiculous oh right all right thank you thank you thank you how do you like that we've
drew a few people out of the woodwork here people that have the balls to and this lady's got more
balls than most of you guys by the way she's got big big fat ones is what she's got because most
of the guys I have seen I was out there five years in a row and I watched as I sat my aspect on
on the thing and said what the hell is this pile of crap with some getchki out there and address
babbling around about Jesus in this and but if you get out here go back to your church and preach
the adama sheep to your flock here's a mobile in four-letter day oh hello Neil God yes sir how you
doing I love your show man you got the best show in the world in the world in the universe and like a
first time caller long time listener but okay we have an open line of bright at least he did
something different day besides the hockey on and whatever was soccer on ice five six seven
oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18t wireless line here's Miami Beach hello
Miami Beach going once going twice can they do it on the beach that's the question oh no they can't
against the law open line and date one and brown five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on
the 18t line mobile in Miami hello Neil yes sir what's going on about I don't know why
do you see with this like football line I don't I just can't understand you know I I'll
think I've been going through this with my father for three or four years now you know he he
him my uncle has even tickets with my uncle win away I took over my uncle you know he says
that I embarrassed him and I can't go through the game with him anymore because I don't stand up
how do you like that I mean how's you like that tell him tell him that he embraces you by
for trying to force you to stand up and a bunch of crap oh I'm fearless and we we've been
I just like the case out of his push and then can I get a shame request maybe oh how about
all of the leave what is it the one is the big and wrong yeah yeah yeah yeah
oh that book of Brian what does that come yeah that one time speaking in tongues yeah that one
all right okay we got some tongue for you about a quarter of a pound here five seventy five
speaking in tongues those of you who like to wrestle with snakes okay you don't want to see it on
candid frequency and like my mother says nobody wants to see a guy with a snake
there's that what Monica Lewinsky out there standing in front of some court whatever
and hell are doing up there on CNN oh god we're supposed to feel from mom feel sorry for Monica
okay who took the dress home to mommy who's right in her book and you're ready we're in a screen
play and the movie etc and so on who was so put upon so to speak so used and abused and who was
so disappointed she didn't get an apology she ought to make a speech on nationwide TV she could
put ten words together and apologize to the whole country for dragging us through this on her
presidential knee pads for being a slut for being a two-faced lot it's one thing to be a slut
guys like slut they don't like two face lots they don't like the kiss and tell sluts
who want to bring down the whole government because there are a bunch of uh
idiotic bitches who's waiting for the president to uh give her back that damn engagement ring oh yeah
I still got that I saved this story in the goddamn star that had there he goes in the star you know
it must be true right you bet I thought bill was gonna marry me I mean talk about a starry
eyed princess a simple to an crazy simple bitch and we're supposed to be all sorry for poor Monica
who's got her lips on the pulse of america we have an open line and brownered five six seven
oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t wireless line and you assholes in the media by the way
shame on you too because you don't want to put the right perspective on it you don't want to put
the right spin on it you're spending something but I don't know what the hell it is
here's plantation hello hey first time caller a long time listener I guess you're okay
you know this uh Clinton must add a few cocktails before he got involved with her I'll tell you
that much evidently or needs a good idea anyway I have a beware story a what a beware story uh
quick story I rented a little uh little unit five by five by ten which was a forty six dollar
investment per month and then uh I was twenty days late and I called up and they said oh you
got to come down here pay sixty you got late charges oh that's fine and then then you get there
on the 30th day where you want to move everything out and and you're basically paying almost a
hundred percent late charges is there anything in this country or on this earth that charges a
hundred percent interest uh so I got okay thank you he rented a little unit well I guess
everybody's gonna have one even if it's a small one we have an open line and date one and
brown five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless
numbers they get up your ass miss McCain everybody is a title to illegal defense are you
gonna now deny people are right to counsel are you gonna deny yourself a right to counsel when
you wanted a satellite did you deny yourself a right to counsel when you wanted an advocate to
help get a child did you deny yourself a right to counsel when you wanted a two hour Intel
because he's slanted you have you ever denied yourself a right to counsel when you sort out
an attorney even here at FTL when you felt you were being screwed by another radio station in
Palm Beach have you ever missed McCain it seems we have touched a nerve with you mister no you've
touched a nerve that I'm fed up with your crap now you're not going to roll it back one day
you're not gonna walk around I'm fed up with your crap about the people are entitled I know I
know I get off the air you jerk alright 131 at 560 WQM we have an open line and date one and
brown or five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T line Sir Rob Kaplan just
walks in with some great news see first of all we shouldn't have been out in the first place
on Sunday because it's just filling blank time is what that was which is why they stuck him on
their back to back 10 30 you 11 30 over and over and over see that neurotic repetition
not good it's bad like short mash 72 times in the same night but nevertheless
so we're gonna have Bobby Bowman and Steve Spurrier two of the world's biggest red next back to back
and sports tongue because we got to capitalize that at football season baby so on a couple of
Sundays we'll be gone on Sundays all together and then Friday at a 30 that's gone because we've
got to put tens on there and that's scrawny under fed DT who looks like it about crane after two
years at Auschwitz and other than that we're doing great we had like a ones and twos last night
ones and twos so what's the yeah I guess compared to some of the other stuff huh
that they're raving about by the way in variety magazine that generation N.A.
oh yeah do you see what they said about that oh that's kicking some serious pimpley ass that
generation N.A. isn't that N.A. here's a mobile implantation hello
and hello Neil that's what the else of ass Clintley says no there's not generation N.A.
kicking ass that the generation N.A. and he said N.A. yes sir
Neil yes hi I have a question about the satellite dish I just got the small dish yes and there's
a station whammy on that that's not the same as the station you're on is it unfortunately no
okay uh this is a totally different network yeah it's got nothing to do with that
okay W.A. am I as the callators of channel 69 okay the only way to get you I never thought about
that before but the only way to get me is either I'm cable or like with a UHF rabbit ears
okay the rabbit ears work well oh sure okay great thanks okay see you okay don't forget we got
mashed tonight 6.37 30 11 o'clock 11.30 over and over and over again more Alan Alder than anybody
in the world could ever stomach I can't stand Alan Alder by the way or the guy with the big nose
what does his name Jamie Farrow Jamie Farrow I wish he'd go far okay since they took the
quayshoes off the ear you won't see him no more thank god since they took the pyramid off the
ear man oh man mash oh boy we got some real town and at little uh Gary what the house his name Gary
uh burger yeah Gary jack off he ain't on there no more but we got mash episodes see the whole
concept of this local programming it's going to be new and revolutionary so now we got the
monsters got a nature Saturday we got the monsters the three stooges we got all the cartoons which
uh Fox you know channel 7 don't carry so they take the slop over from that we got the what's
name mother love and jo mama on there with forgive him forget you'd be forgiven I'd be forgetting
mother love jo mama and now we got mash on air and it's we're just like we're just an experiment
which we knew that in the first place and thank god they got a guarantee to pay us for a year
oh thank I always like that normal can you know it somebody ought to make sure he gets his sports tickets
because boy he uh takes care of business here's uh Miami Beach hello hello Neil even if he was very
rude to Steve yes sir um a quick question are you on it 130 anymore or if they have nothing else to do
or you 130 your TV show you mean in the morning yeah yeah they have nothing else to stick in that they
can make a good for giving forgiveness forgiven forget was on a 130 last night yeah since when
last night beats a hell out of me nobody too nice we're going off on there we had a four share in
there at four o'clock and maybe they're sticking us at four that's the only place we get a number
ten rungs and wait to be there that or they put it in for both they put angel mama on there and
one 30 and a more forgiven forget well wasn't you I'm sure of that you sure uh and you're
locked up again lately she didn't have her uh Yamako oh okay that that's a tip off that's how
you can tell between me and angel mama there is uh she don't wear the shmata what I like
to find out from the audience if we're on or not this is this is some operation man I say slam
me the whammy uh a question about sports channel tonight carrying the devil raise
game instead of the marlin right i mean who said who said they're carrying the devil's race game
the man we heard right i don't think they can carry any game it's a spn that i don't think
they carry any game right they think a cable channel can they carry it over the air right in
cable channels can well why so why i don't understand so why is that i was i was i was i was i was
how come sports channel then wouldn't preamp that game to show us the marlin's cardinals game if
they have a right to it to do that i was asking you to make one maybe they can't maybe they can't
show the local game in the local area and preamp do you know what i'm saying maybe that's the deal
no because i know when i'm in and Atlanta the brains are on uh tbm what south tbm tbs
what's south right which is you know what that is with Ernie Johnson one hells he got he's
this guy's retired more damn times already get rid of him they keep giving him checks what the hell
must be it just like me yeah ever good one okay thank i have no idea i wish i could answer the
question it seems awfully stupid we're getting ripped off okay maybe the humber with his contact
to the spn can make a phone call and threaten to blow the building up or something like that people
want to see uh mark maguire they don't care about any but these games are meaningless now
they're showing us the braves and a god damn asteris okay i mean two good teams a lot of good players
Randy johnson uh reg mad great we don't want to see it we want to see the mark maguire we want to
see big max maggot and of course the people upstairs uh oh don't say that it's a radio only
radio only like it's gonna make it there and guess what you know something and this
only gets 75 bucks a spot if they can sell them on a marlin games because guess what after they
did not play in a cardinal no more oh gee don't say that true like i said 35 bucks a spot
we have an open line and date five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty on the 18t wireless
line here's Miami hello Neil yes sir okay you know i agree with you say with the
maguire i don't think it should be a money issue let me ask you this uh if i was a fan i call
one of those home run balls and i wanted to keep it i mean uh what would they probably still call me an
asshole what do you mean by that well i mean uh oh you know you know you won't give it away so
so what do you care what they call me i mean that's i know i know i know i know it's just so happen
that these kids were real uh you know nice kids and they weren't looking to get rich or anything
like that they're little kids and uh and then they just got a big thrill they were there for the
thrill of the the baseball we have so little of that left in sports anymore at all at any level
that people should be saying this is the greatest thing there's even more segment and hit the
home runs i'm telling you because i mean i i got a buddy i don't want to name the Danny but uh
yeah Danny you get out of here look at that norm catcher you all you had to mention Danny
and norm started swearing again well i'm telling you well i mean this guy up in another robot i can't
see a message for any money so i know he's gonna keep it so i mean like they call me asshole which
he is by the way but uh uh you know how it goes neo can i call somebody to do that no what
that was he talking about what was that we have two open lines and date five six seven oh five
sixty and pound five sixty on the eighteen two wireless line see that guy should stand up when
they do the prayer because i think he could use the help twenty two before two at five you five
sixty q a just just just just just just just just tell me what your problem it's a well-known
fact that men love to fart but it's also a well-known fact one out of every fifteen
farts you blow can hurt in one way or another whether it's the stomach disruptor or the sharp
aynis pain some farts just heard so in order to avoid this problem you need ring grow a trick used
by gay men for centuries ring grow actually widens your aynis giving your farts more room through
which to pass ring grow is easy to use and not recommended by any doctors just insert before bedtime
they're all night and when you wake up in the morning your finger will be ready to pass even the
toughest farts ring grow whether you need more room to fart or you're just a gay guy that needs an
excuse to buy one order yours today you know i thought one of the really refreshing a breath of
fresh air stay when Elizabeth from pepper crines called that admitted that not only is she crude
we've included an eye but farts like a racehorse and probably stinks up the joint every time she said
they are the word of disgust and history of the human race thanks for admitting that Elizabeth
for messing up let's go to somewhere mobile in Miami hello nail yes sir hey nail you know this
this McWire guy he's got no pressure on him Neil everybody's given his guy curtain call
okay great let's go to a pinecrest all thank god near your home upon it i wouldn't even you know
i wouldn't even dignified these assholes by getting excited about it you know i think that they're
gonna crank my chain like i give a crap about them i actually called about the McWire thing but
a quick note before i mentioned that my girlfriend is a little pretty thing she's a boy she can
rip them sometimes i tell you it's yeah she always does her when she thinks i'm not around
clearing jobs yeah oh it's amazing she's she's a little how something's a little good do something
so evil beyond me but listen now about the McWire thing um you are dead on about those kids that
was i i was like i couldn't believe that when those kids did that for and and the one we got we
got little kids killing each other shooting teachers do i you know killing that little girl in
Chicago all these aberrant grotesque things going on we finally have one positive story something
really nice that you know everybody's focused in on this McWire situation and we got assholes
calling here today try to pee on the parade i'm gonna tell you something man this is not a place
for living people this is a place for people who have a death wish and in that asshole that said
mark McWire should should have given him some money yeah mark McWire walked into an abused
children's shelter give him a million dollars well i wrote a check on the spot right you know i like
the thing i mean that's pretty nice also in the uh while i was at the game yesterday i was so ashamed
of of the the south water fans they kept booing McWire when he struck out and when he had a big hit he
got a single he gets a single he goes to first base and he was laughing about it with the marlin
first basement because like uh what did you know what you could tell a look on his face like what am
I supposed to do i got a base hit in their boom cuz i didn't know i'm right and this morning i heard
guilty that little ass sucking twerp on our morning show admit that he was in the upper deck booing him
to uh when he only got a base hit i'm gonna tell you something man we we've got the most sour
crowd in the history of mankind the elder needs one of those little fart rings no he needs a
guy damn bus trip to know where is what he needs and and we like a lot of sandwich it i don't
want to say bother it more seem like at hurt McWire he brought it up in the press conference because
he was you know they were booing me you know he said i'm sorry i was trying i'm sorry and and
and the funniest you know and you want to know why they're not don't you understand
those people they're not rooting for him they're rooting for themselves so that they could they
could justify the fact that they spent the money or somebody spent the money for those tickets
that they could be there to be part of something important to make them to make their ego a little
uh big don't you understand they're not rooting for him and the uh the uh the uh they were there
for themselves to feed their own egos oh i was there oh and maybe i'm gonna catch the ball
uh it was just a pleasure to watch it you as soon as that that ball was off his bat i knew
that was gone it was real that was that was definitely a thrill for me one of the top five or
ten sporting events i've seen one other quick thing about that was that the McWire at the also at
the press press conference are wonderful press court down here they must have asked him 20 questions
about Sammy Sosa and after the second question he just had a standard answer because i have to
worry about morkin blire and our team yeah and these idiots from the press kept asking well what
about this about Sammy what about oh sure because they're trying to stir the pot don't
understand they're trying to create a controversy like there's some rivalry between these two guys
which there's not you want he i think he really wanted to take his his home run bat and whack it
across their heads but oh i wish you used a lot use a lot of self control you know and these
idiots i get to ask in the same questions oh my god get a life well he's no ele was though
one one more question what happened to Joe roes of gap oh he i i've been burst him into that that's
long time ago i'm burst him into a filling the gap all right thank you okay see you fact he went
out and bought gap stock after that we have an open line in date five six seven oh five sixty don't
talk about that market because it was up about 120 now it's only up 86 in the nasdaq 41 which
that's pretty impressive but it's not even two o'clock yet so don't get too excited just relax
just don't move too much and the market too here's the open park hello
a deal yes sir good show boy you sure change in your your theory on baseball
no i'm not i said it's become very boring but when there's something exciting going on
i'll watch it and get whipped up in the frenzy white hell not and you got to deal with it
on that interview with McGuire about uh you have to leave it up to the man upstairs
who do you think he was talking about i got a three-part question here for you
who do i think he was talking about yeah do you think he was talking about Wayne
Roy or blank god yeah okay uh if there's anybody from out of town in town we apologize
but that's the best we can do because that's what we got here okay bunch of dead heads
guys with real great senses of humor not so i'm going to tell you something on a personality
scale from zero to a hundred you are minus infinity that's how far down the list you are you
owe so many points that we couldn't count that high even the national debt isn't even in the same
category with the points you owe here's Oakland Park hello and you yes sir how you doing okay
long time missler first time caller i'm just calling for you know i love your show and that
it's congratulations on the tv show and also let's know that you're the only guy that i got my
watch to listen to that's how good you are really yeah i got to tie it up in the room closet somewhere
that's right that's a way to do it and love anal sex okay go get some he loves anal sex there you go
again oh i'm sorry Elizabeth Elizabeth just reached over and twisted it not the dial we have an
open line in brown at five six seven oh five sixty so the good news is you know a fat Joe comes in
here oh i'm sure Rob's going to come in and talk to you we got real good rate of Rob comes in
and Rob comes here to tell me that they're taking us off on Sunday they're sticking about your red
neck football assholes on there and uh you know we got a variety magazine where i'm adding don't
even mention the show yeah really great stuff they really treat us with respect over there at that
bum fork outfit the boy they sure like those monsters show uh even out look here uh even out
Lewis's embarrassed by who is his embarrassed by who is his embarrassed by it it's you know it's
you know something the NFL something the NFL ain't worth a crap since red cash and return it's not
worth a crap here's the adventurer hello hello yes sir what's up how you doing
play your show yeah what's up with the blue uh beanie what do you mean by that oh no i was just
kind of shocked that i saw that i was like uh wasn't expecting it from you i wore a beanie or
be night on the show i haven't caught it every single night so that everybody who sees it can see
how ridiculous it looks to wear a beanie but i wanted to ask you one question and they'll take
the hard way because i love you yeah so what's up with the eyebrows it looks like you got fish
i do i welcome someone i don't want to get the fit the fit the grip stopper are you listening to
what i'm saying i'm sure you're watching to critique the uh the uh whatever it is no of course
that listen i'm just curious i'm it's the left one don't worry about what i look like okay so just
listen what i have to say enjoy it sit back and have a great life okay he's taking notes on what
color the shirt is we got over that the first the second or third week okay get with the program
what's with the eyebrows what you see is what you get that's what they ask Andy Rooney too
here's a lady in Miami hello hi Neil yes ma'am i'm glad i don't have to rely on the sports
station for this information uh fox sports uh has announced that they'll be televising all of
mark migwires games from september 11 to the 13th if you reach a 60 home runs oh wait me so who
cares about that september 11 through the 13th week i thought i mean from here to the 11 he could
get all 57 and the today's only the second is september well just in case he does an effect on
fox sports uh will interchange and they'll be showing the games and esp tweak uh will be televising
next money's opener of the cubs cardinal game well they're really dropping the ball tonight i'll
tell you this is a really bad mistake they're making the fact that the marlins can't televised
tonight and that espn is putting on a meaningless brave uh astro game just absolutely unconscionable
what are one of these people thinking about i thought it was hyzenna that we had to blame for
now it's espn you have to blame for they've got the exclusive ones that i write and they're putting
on first it was going to be the indians and the angels and then they switched to uh to the brave
and the uh astros because they think america wants to see greg maddox and randy johnson who gives
a crap about greg maddox and randy johnson when you got a guy that's going to break a record and
sit for five million years what are these people thinking about i guess they're not well we want mark
migwires love you nil okay sweet i love it yeah maybe toney bro i got some laughing gas and give it
all the executives they're an espn and they can't get their ass straightened out huh their astro straight
end out very very bad stupid idiotic decision by espn and thank god i'll be at the track plunge
in my brains out and don't have to worry about relying on espn to show us what people really want to see
here's my emmy hello nil yes sir what do you all worked up about i'm surprised that you you
shouldn't espn is going to go to migwires at that that's that's the that's the only reason to watch
that that's not the point that that's kind of thing to do with it people who now want who wants to
tune in and sit and wait through the adlanta hewston game to see when hell he's going to come up
i don't want to do that you want to watch the marlins while you're while you're waiting for it
sure it's comic it's not the only one that's the brave it's comic really but i i love watching the
brave the brave's got a very entertaining team to watch i like the brave's a lot but i've seen
enough brave's already the last the lifetime well that this could be a preview to the national league
championship i mean it'd be nice i don't know what difference does it make a preview to the
national league championship when it becomes the national league championship then we'll see it
well i don't know i'm going to see migwires get his home runs tonight or not whichever way it goes
yeah the bad bad choice pal bad choice the check must be in the mail for me espn bad choice okay
i don't just want to see the isolated at bat i want to see the god damn game i want to see any
other stuff that may have it and i don't want to see like after the fact like fox does yeah fox
was doing that i was watching the cubs in the reds also last night and like long after the
fox after the fire fact fox i said yeah that's what happened in the american public they got screwed
long after the fact they're showing replays of those two i'll answer right long after the
yeah here's pepperine hello hey i know and now yes sir hey two quick things first off you know that
the price of ever since you started talking about fish food more more yeah the price has gone up
yeah i mean that's good otherwise you be dead by now oh i mean jeez you know i'm a little skinny kid
just like what's just like what cigarettes man they got to get it up to about ten bucks of practice
save our lives yeah and you know do you know why the games not on actually you know sports channel did
have the choice to be able to do it but because they got that stupid agreement where they show
70 games of the devil raise and 70 games in the mounds they said they won't switch they won't
switch the numbers it is Wayne so it is what it is that they've all headed son of a kid it's
can this partly to fall because there are a bunch of damn idiots too yeah you know uh you know that
really sucks but hey this guy's telling me oh it's a predatory to the possible national yeah
oh but we don't want to play okay it's not the first time the braves have played the ass
doors they've been playing all week and who the hell cares already okay who cares i want to see
the big get it but i want to see his big unit yeah bet sounds like it to me okay let's go oh god
what a thought that is if there's anybody he makes out gold seed look like a poster child
that Randy Johnson if there's anybody grosser in a human race here's a mobile in deer field be chill
oh hey Neil i'm going to see the game tonight with my girlfriend we're not real big baseball fans
yeah i just kind of wanted to be a part of it why don't i i and i read the paper this morning the
sunset no i thought it was great that those two kids gave the ball back and uh i don't think
any everybody's got to go out for all the money and uh that's that's just okay we have a great time
okay here's the cross-spring so hey Neil how are you sir okay sir great listen i just got back
when i'm incredible ice up here in corals brings yeah a bunch of the pants are the practice in
today yes and uh let me see uh the loudspeaker fooling around if guys are bunch of great guys
turk uh my cleaners and gold and of course need them i look pretty good uh i guess he had no headaches
yeah but he missed an open net wide awake uh i think we need to have our head examined
yeah well maybe it'll trade them uh it's good i think they're going to be practicing tomorrow morning
too maybe i'll take a run up there okay well okay have a good day thank you too he went to practice
you know what i think about people to go to scrimmages and practices but anyway
what what what is that why do people go to practice
well because practice makes perfect is that what it is oh god you're going to rub that thing
raw sweetheart so anyway i'm going to see the new arena now there's something worth while i'm
going to be entertained but then i probably say hey by the way this is where your seats used to be
but we never got your check so uh some asshole and probably probably Mitch is going to be sitting
in those seats in 101 Mitch and Andy from hollywood they're going to be sitting side by side
in the seats that i would have had if the post office ever delivered my god damn male
okay don't forget the hanks coming out at the next from pp park formerly known as you know what
and probably not eating any of that horrendous food if there are chickens up there with diarrhea
you're in big trouble at the crowskamp of the theater but nevertheless
i guarantee we've got a lot of guys out there going to get stoned and uh go over there you go
well you get that's a prerequisite if you're going to go see the almond brothers must you get
stoned no you're come on okay he's easy so we'll give those away today lots and lots of stuff
either are the pompano park programs and then there's a cymbal cast programs that had the other
tracks that were have the cymbal cast racing from on your little tv so i said and there's this
other big heavy set woman is fat bitch is standing there next to the other lady who's like i know
her i don't know this other fat bitch and so i said okay i need the neorages and yana she
owes me two uh for uh a pompano and three cymbal cast program and she starts reaching to give
them to me to write it down and this other woman this other person pat this other woman looks at me
and says what do you need three four just you in fat rich just you in rich
and as i started to say our friend Derek gets the other sable ke ten to snow my good buddy from
pompano park came while walking over there he gets as many as he wants give him whatever and how he
wants and i said boy looks like he got the good stopp out here tonight ten and just want you
to stop and think about this i'm the only friend that they've got in the media i'm the only
person that even recognizes that harness racing exists i love it next to hockey greatest
sport to me in the world is harness racing i love it
they are if she didn't know who i was that would have made it maybe a little bit different
but she knows who i am she knows uh because she knows rich and she looks at me as a what do you
need three four i felt like saying because if i have a bad night maybe i can sell it for the two
bucks bitch what i want you to stop and think about what motive would anybody have
for wanting an extra program that they're not entitled to what am i going to do with it
and i got to wipe my god damn vacuum with it pat you idiot you bozette
you simpleton bitch and as i got on the elevator and i went upstairs i thought to myself you know
something right there that incident as minor as it was that is reflective of what makes this town
what it is that's right nasty hostile just miserable and we want you to be miserable too
absolutely unacceptable i'd like to bitch slap that pat okay like i know with a two by four
so instead of that i'll just rip her on here for four hours today
man oh man or shove it's what what do you what do you need a third one for what do you need three four
because i'm gonna put one over your big fat ugly push that's why i'm gonna wallpap her my house
with her okay pat whoever the hell you are gonna stop all lady ava brown junior
i'm gonna sell it i'm gonna go out and pawn it on the street corner so i can have gas money to get
home so i have the turnpike told to get home that right there was south florida and then of course
like i said i get in the car i'm coming home and i'm listening to these assholes my favorite call
on the eddy case show and the time i was listening going home last night was the guy that calls him
says i'm not a baseball fan and this is the epitome of what this town's all about in relationship
to sports i don't know how we have a god damn sports station here or how these guys manage to do
their shows every day because people here know nothing about sports maybe ten forget it five
percent of the people here have any clue what it's all about or what they're talking about this guy
says well you know i'm not a baseball fan but i went out there tonight and boy sure was exciting and
that mcdonald guy he's a god he's big the mcdonald guy and it says his name is mcdonald
mark mcdonald oh yeah well you know he's got thighs that are as big as mcdonald because i'm a
skinny guy in my waist and i'm gonna tell you when i saw that mcdonald guy hit click and it
capply lentilistic and rightfully so he said you know the big max are at mcdonalds but his name
is maguire mr. asshole mr. asshole and that was one of the better calls by the way and a bunch of
other sour pushes oh well you know uh the drugs and then of course linda robertson who doesn't know
where asked from or elbow she ought to elope with pat oh i got all kinds of crap here they i'm loaded
i am loaded where's that stupid order oh yeah mimic mac it's natural says linda robertson back to
that andro stuff again about uh testosterone and steroids and this and that and the kids are going to
amia linda blow it out your ass okay i'm like i said we got more people worried about who's
going to catch the ball and are they going to get any money for it then about here's something really
exciting and great that's happening and those two kids yesterday morning who are all over getting
interviewed now we're being made into big superstars because they did something you know something nice
we don't want a lot of money we don't want any money we want some souvenirs we want autograph it
was exciting it's a ballgame period oh my god what a breath of fresh air and people are not getting
them like the guy that calls me yesterday it says oh well you know if maguara was a really good guy
he'd have reached into his pocket and given him a few grand for it all the millions he's making
and here's a guy to give a million dollars to kids charities and they're not just not not not
not not even uh what's his name never heard uh Tony Rolando never heard so many so much
knocking on the doors the knocking that goes on here knock three million times that should be the
theme song for this time that was down 121
