Here's for Waterdale. Hello.
Neil God. Yes, sir. Oh, Jesus. Hold on.
Faculty called us the year after that that would make him the two-side year 2000 problem. Yes.
All right. What are you doing?
Well, I just finished. Okay. Anyway, uh, words, word, congratulations. Well, kind of like that.
Anyway, um, my dad went to Albion College. Are you serious? I'm cereal. Albede College. I broadcast their football and basketball games.
Unbelievable. For a couple of years. Speaking of broadcasting. It's the same that Harry Carey is in around this year.
I know that's why I keep saying it's a real shame that all the crap that he put up with, although he did get 8489.
They did win the division, but all the bull crap that he went up with, what are sensational here that they're having an alley's in a box.
That really, a boss, my ass a little bit. I tell you, I play up for me. I play up in the Wrigley field and it's a real time.
Chicago is great. Yeah. Chicago's just unbelievable. That'll never happen here. Ever.
Nothing like that. Well, because there's no atmosphere here. I mean, P.P. Park not a bad thing, but there's absolutely no atmosphere out there.
And the people who are there had no nothing about the game and they're not into the game. And there it's like any other sporting event.
Most of them are posing and they're out there to socialize and get drunk. Right. And they haven't got the thought of the businesses that were going on.
And that's the nature of what it's all about. Yeah, some believe. Yeah. You know, they give those tickets away. And even a lot of times, then people don't show up.
But you know, 12,000 right off the bat is automatic because it's their corporate seats. That's all things disgusting.
It is. I don't really want to talk about that. If it happened in any other, any other real sports town, which this is not like I've been saying for months now, there'll be
revolutions in the streets and the sports writers have been leading those revolutions and making it people psychotic. And here it's like, well, we're pissed away. But who cares?
It makes me want to puke. You know, I had a friend that came down last night from Port St. Louislee. Yeah.
I'm to see Ronald McDonald. And I just refused to put my button on a seat. I went to opening day game and I booed Wayne. And that was good enough for me.
Excellent. And when every public stock is dropping like a like a bomb, you should have a list of things that we own so we could like not, you know, use them.
You mean like National Car rental and automation and other things. And what else? That's a good idea. Maybe we can get some people called in and give us some enterprise that he's involved in.
And of course we sure don't we sure want to buy the Republic industry stock and that Florida Panthers stock because it's dropping like a rock.
Yeah. So I'll add that. Let's see. Automation.
Pure 66 hotel. Right. Very other things. I was watching classic sports channel the other day. Yeah. It's a good channel. Sometimes we're getting a free sample on whatever comp cast for a couple of weeks.
Right. And the other day I caught the ninth inning. I tuned in and it was a 60 world series with the Tigers and Colonel. Right.
And I swear I'm not sure but I think it was Harry carry doing the game. Did he used to do cardinal? Oh sure. He did the Cardinals for years and years from the 40s, 50s and 60s.
And then he started screwing around with all he bushes wife and he got came. Now that is true. It's a true story. Well I tuned in and I just caught the ninth inning. But I figured it was Harry. It sounded like him and it just gave me goosebumps because I'm from Detroit. And I remember that series.
And that's great. Yesterday you're not going to believe this one. The I just tuned in a little log over yesterday. I had my teeth cleaned. Yeah. And my dental hygienist is a babe. And we were talking and stuff. Yeah.
And what? She was in your mouth. Yeah. And it's your vibrates now too. All right. It's unbelievable. But we were talking about things to do and stuff like that. And he said he would like to go to.
The almond brothers concert. Hold on. Thank you. Hold on. All of a sudden everybody's big almond brothers fans. Man, where the hell are they?
Oh, what the hell am I? You know, I never even don't I mean you know what? You know instead of them, you know what should immediately come to mind. The moment that you hear that music. You do know, don't you, mister? Huh?
That great scene in the exorcist. That poor priest sitting there in the bar have lost my faith. I don't want to do what to do. He reminds me of Al Martino and the godfather. And of course the other priest wouldn't slap him in a
little. 41 and 560 WQ. And by the way, that's just just on to me. That's who fact Joe looks like Alex Karris. If you love a great cigar and the drug manufacturers here's a four-letter deal.
Going around. Yes, sir. Yes. Good morning. The first time one guy that guy that had to be shocked back from where we were so shocked from the partner he was with. That's why he needed to be shocked.
Uh huh. Anyway, I call about the you were talking about people in the national anthem that standing up. Yeah, that's one thing that fires me up and then I get to the start. Really?
They just I mean you go to a lot more hockey games than I do. Yes, I do. I know I have sat in all different sections of that arena and it's terrible. I mean really just just they don't stand in the way.
They do stand, but now they're like talking and there's all right disrespect. There's no respect for anything anymore. People are just rowdy and out of control. You're right.
Absolutely. I took some German clients of ours to a game last year. And I was embarrassed. I was absolutely. I was just playing a good Sunday at Boralus with the star of Stangelman. Well, you get the message anyway. It's just absolutely rude. These people.
You know, I don't mind them not standing, but if they have to be talking and joking and laughing, you know, say that for some boys. Anyway, I saw some for a couple of tickets. I don't think this guy wants to go see the almond brother.
Oh, Canada. You think that you're in love. You stole our house. Our game. And then there's always. Oh, no, not there. There's always.
Canada. Our home and need a great. There's a great national anthem. But nobody knows the words to it. And what I really love is like when they play hockey and Montreal and they sing it like they sing part in English and then they go into French and then back and forth and back. And you haven't got any idea what they're talking about. And guess what needs to be.
They. But it's a great national anthem and certainly much better than that stupid star spangled banner. I mean, can we get like Gary Glitter to do a new national? We already have. If I had to hear Gary Glitter one more time. That may put me over the edge. That may keep me in the house forever. One great reason we don't have to have a top 10 list. Here's a top one list of why you don't want to go to sporting event because Gary Glitter.
And look at that. Just knocked on here. We go again. He's knocking the table again. I just knocked all that crap on the floor. The poor pope will never be the same again. Just knocked his a smatha off. Look at this guy. He's getting a helping hand there. Another smatha from father to. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello.
Well, I can't say I'm in the road now, but you were talking like I said, let's go to coke and I'm grow exactly. Hey, at least here we were a little bit more comfortable. You know, you were talking about the sporting events that you've had last year. I'm in that call. What do you mean you're more comfortable? What does that mean? You're more comfortable on the road?
Not standing for the national anthem. When I go to pro player stadium, you know, for the Dolphin game, they do a shush and stand for the super prayer.
You know, you know, do you stand for the prayer? Oh, hell no. And I don't sit there and show you. One person who stands for the prayers at football game. This is a stonish. We better get a search party.
And for no one who goes to the game with me does stand for the prayer and tells me to shush on being disrespectful to his beliefs because I don't sit there.
Well, start making a lot of noise. Ha ha ha ha. No, Gila just making a lot of noise. You know, singing the song.
Exactly. Hey, I was listening to a stupid talk the other night and I heard something that totally discussed that totally grossed me out. You remember when they did the thing with the snowballing.
They had the thing they were talking about. Swimping last night. Yeah, what the hell is that?
You are with another guy. Oh, toast sucking. What? Toast sucking? No, it's toast sucking.
A little too close for a lunch time for my. Oh, I've been belching that's pretty. Feltching. Yeah.
I'm not a real thing. How about fetching? How do you know it's not a real thing? Okay. How do you know? Mr. High had imagined Mr. Living a very sheltered world who thinks he knows something about anything, which he doesn't.
Oh, wait till Monday. By the way, Monday's the day at Labor Day. George is going to be doing the show for four hours on Monday. Mr. Smarty pants and you can educate him as to what life is really all about.
Seriously, you're like you're you really think you know something and you know a little bit, but you're like so far on the edges of reality. You really aren't just because you don't want your gay fantasy violated my gay fantasies. Oh boy, you're the last part of any gay fantasies I got.
I had nothing to do with me. Yeah, that's for guys. Yeah. Oh, here's homestead. Hello. Homestead. Hello. Yes, sir. First time long time. All right. I was just calling you. You could figure out who is trying to emulate who Rick fanchairs or Ryan Norcross. Can you imagine those two on the same station? Okay. Thank you. Okay. We have an open line and.
And then they'd want to borrow what he say five six seven oh five 60 and pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line. It's 1156 at QM. Hank Goldberg from Shula State to a two. We got Jim Mandage.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Come on. Six to seven fifteen with this party mouth sports show. And then we got the college football. Who is it Virginia Tech at Auburn or a couple of losers like that.
Anyway, it's four B-Flee talks to some real color three more trace. So how can we don't play the what would they play?
They certainly wouldn't play the Cuban national anthem at the spick events. Would they what would they play? What's the spick event at cock fight? Yeah.
What would national anthem they play there? What what would we give away six already at the site counting out six.
Well, like I said, only two more pair of boy better milk those real good. If you're car five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on a mobile one line.
And this is good little meatball and cheese from the inside. I'm sucking out the inside of a meatball and cheese half a sub. Hey, this is good. I might just to get this every now and then from truck.
From our friends chuck at the sub center over there across the street. Kitty corner on four forty one on an Ives Dairy Road. Good people over there, man. He delivered the good stuff. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Happy Thursday and back to you. It's a great day for the Irish. Oh, yeah. And the dude ain't doing too bad either. I'm sorry. And I said that we're not doing too bad either. Yeah, great. Good to hear it. What will we might be? Yeah. Hey, I'm I'm sure you're going to see you on and off this morning. I don't know if you've discussed this. This guy's trial. His
guy started this morning with me, right? I don't know if you've I read the article about how they say that there's some of the guy that did it. They're going to bring him in kind of like a in a
pure mason scene and they're going to bring this other guy and say this is the murderer. Right. He said that this guy who's not convicted the
accused that he would rather die in an American for a crime. He is not committed than returned to Cuba. Yeah, I don't know. I'm up. Yeah, we'll take care of him. Okay, Neil. One more thing.
I was watching your show last night with a female friend and I always hear you ask and you know why is it the women hate me like poison? Yes, sir. And we're watching the show yucking it up. We thought it was great. And then you went. You were reading the article in the national
inquire about Bill Clinton. And when everything was funny until you said the bill told her to sit down and shut up. Yeah, then I was cracking up. I look over her and she
got a real serious look on her face. I think it's a woman. I don't want to generalize but from my experience, don't have as good a sense of humor as
guys. Fucking bitch. There you go. Unbelievable. Unbelievable. Yeah. Anyway, I can't hold on. Okay. How did I know he wanted? But that was a good story, though. How about that?
Fucking bitch. She must know Pat. I mean, you know, so what tells Robert Collins, I'm nasty. I brought a bitch. That's the American way.
Amen, sweetheart. You said it. And she ought to know. Well, speaking of the TV show, by the way, I'll get this stuck in my throat and the cheese too.
Ever get cheese stuck in your throat? I got a great line for that. If you know any Hispanics, but anyway,
uh, whammy on Friday starting. Is this starting tomorrow that we're going to be out at 9 30 and 10 30 and that 10 is moving to 8 o'clock?
Or is it eight eight that's moving to 10 o'clock?
10s is moving Fridays. God, you're killing me with this stuff. Little piece of cheese went down the wrong tube.
Oh, here it is. Oh, yeah. Wait. Oh, beauty. But not still in there.
God, watch this man choke to death. This wouldn't be the first time. Oh, here it is. Oh, how gross.
Oh, kind of tasty. But at any rate, so 10s is going to be on 8 o'clock on Fridays and we'll continue. We'll start being again 9 30 and 10th.
There we should have been all along. And then what else? What was the other thing that didn't go to the Rod Stewart concert?
Oh, and they did not go to the Rod Stewart concert. Well, I probably had more important than enjoyable things to do.
We can only hope for their sake and see Rod Stewart. Oh, a saggy old ugly washed out could never sing a song anyway.
Maggie, man. Yeah, he's great. Him and Jimmy Buffett. We have an open line and date 5 6 7 0 5 60, 5 60 on a mobile one line.
Only one pair left and then we can take some real calls about Mark McGuire McDonald and talk to some of the people
with the ballpark last night. Those 45,000 screaming wild people who didn't go home with the ball or any money.
But maybe had a good time. I would hope. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, I went to the game last night and
baseball game and I'm one of those few and proud that like to drink and socialize there.
I'll tell you the truth of the baseball games are more tame than the football games are because I've far.
By far, I've got a lot more rowdy people. You want to know why? Because there's no tailgate parties that get you drunk before you walk in.
Yeah, that's true. I mean, I love drinking beer. Don't get me wrong, but but there is a
no. The crowd is definitely a lot more. Yeah, by the way, the game was all right last night. I had a good time.
Oh, I even drank a beer with a Jew and I think you guys are pretty cool people.
Oi. All right. That's all I had to say about a material. God bless you, sir. Okay. Go get another couple of cases.
We have an open line. That was a real case. Open line and date 5 6 7 0 5 60. Although I will say this,
if you're going to go to a Marlon game and especially if Mark McGuire McDonald ain't playing or
somebody like that or Sammy Sosa, you might as well get stone, huh? Stone, drunk, whatever.
Because what the hell? What else would you go there? In fact, why would you go there? Period.
Setting aside the Mark McGuire thing, why would anybody go there? Period. Now this team is going to lose way more than 100 games.
Wayne has slapped you in the face just butchered you and carries on like a crybaby.
Well, no, could have ruled me a stadium. Your god damn right. We're not baldy.
And they still go there and they continue subsidizing and buying that crappy food in the stands.
I don't get it. I just do it on their standard.
Davey, hello? Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Great.
True baseball fan here. I went to the last two Marlon games. Great. And Big Mac is just unbelievable.
But any true fan that was there would tell you brought tears to his eyes to watch those home runs.
But on to bigger and better things with that prick hyzenger. Of course it usually does bring tears to your eyes
when you want the Marlon. Yeah. Okay. And why did you put a fence up where those two home runs were
hit the night before so nobody can get a ball so he can keep it from self.
That was right. Absolutely right. And here's another thing for you.
You guys have a whole family up there searching for balls. Yeah. Yeah. His family has no balls.
But I want to know one thing. In fact, I heard that one of the sons has been doing that for a long time.
But anyway, but you know, he just bought a house in the end. Tuck it, right?
For $7 million. Right. More than the pay roll of the Marlon. So this potty mouth is keeps crying poverty.
Right. He's got more money knows what to do with. What he's do is to sell the team and give it to somebody
who really want to only pray that these stories about John Henry being on the verge of buying a Marlon's
are true. And like I said before, hopefully he's got a few a million dollars left over to buy the
Panthers. I know that's all this ball headed back wherever he came from. The Chicago or whatever.
He needs to go to stick his head and the dumpster. That's very belong.
Have a great day. Thank you. Well, there's a guy at time. They're ready to win to the last two games.
And Big Mac hit two on Monday or two days and two last night. Nice going Big Mac.
Oh, he's a good. If you're a boring guy, he's okay in my book.
We finally got somebody who's, you know, a good guy. That's all. I mean, one more you need to say about him.
He's a good guy. He's got a bad complex. He's boring. But he's a good guy. He's treated the media very.
He's handled a pressure tremendously. Well, good for baseball, good for America. There you go.
That's what Ronald Reagan would say. He's good for America. At a time when we need something good for America.
Right. I guarantee you Monica Lewinsky. You don't have no dress with Mark Lunguire's.
I guarantee you that. Oh, he does. When's Mom bringing that one on?
Now, see that there you go. You think that those baseballs are valuable souvenirs.
Nine minutes past noon at five sixty WQM if you're free.
He down on your hand and he's and lick my boots.
I mean, don't you once in a while take notice when something like
amazing happens when somebody is making a major achievement even though he didn't just
discover a cure for cancer or something. You know, that's going to last in the history of all
time as far as the human race except in the record books of sports, which isn't that important.
But nevertheless, they don't care. Here's a call springs. Hello.
And you know, first of all, I want you to know that I stand up during the prayers of
pro player. Okay. And I'm proud to do so. Why is that? Well, because I don't go into church.
Church is man made. Okay. And I don't go sitting there deposit anything at all, including money into
something, which is going into the Pope and he can invest in the stock market. It makes me sick.
Yeah. You know, so I go there second of all Mark McQuire.
I know you didn't answer my question. Why are you proud to stand for? I don't get it.
Why should there be a prayer to football again? Well, it's just the fact that you know that I have
my own personal beliefs. They're my own. I don't belong to any organized religion. And for me to be
able to have that moment of time where I could sit there and do that, you know, why not? Well, in other words,
you don't have, you must have a very busy life. You don't have any other moments of time where you can do that?
Well, no, but I'm just saying that, you know, I also, you know, I pray that like, especially the
football game without violent it is that somebody doesn't get paralyzed like Ritchie Brown from the
Lions last year. Remember against the jet? What does that have to do with saying a prayer?
Well, I mean, just saying a prayer that nobody gets, you know, hurt, you know, you know, I mean, I
like paralyzed, you know, I mean, something like that. I mean, just even putting a prayer out for
somebody, you know, I mean, just it's just an extra moment to be able to be able to do that.
You're watching over the football field. Okay, so it's so it's commercialized to be able to have a
moment of prayer, you know, I don't want to do it commercial or anything and ask to do with how
silly that is that if there were God, he'd be where you look out over guys who are playing football.
Yeah, I guess that's true. And I also want to say that, you know, Mark McGuire, you know, yeah,
you're right. He's a simple guy there and you want to know something though. He's going to
transcend the record books because, you know, I don't know if you read the article in some
sentence, I'll say about what he's doing about abuse, about the PSAs and he's the first one to come
out and do a PSA about child sexual abuse. Yeah, I mean, I thought that that right there alone,
I mean, and the fact that he won't go and he won't be like, Jose, he can say go in the rest of
those households and sit there in charge for autographs and he won't sit there and do autographs
and he actually goes into these memorabilia places, calls these guys down, says, hey, that's not my
autograph, don't buy it and put it down. And, you know, I mean, he actually does that and he actually
cares. I mean, and that's what I like about Mark McGuire is that he cares. And you know what,
because of that and because he's a human being, I think that person, when he breaks the record and
he's going to be the one to do it, I think that that is just going to be better. And, you know, what,
maybe we'll have something else to remind us during this time, this year, but besides Monica
Lewinsky down underneath, I think maybe we'll have something else good to remember instead of
something else bad. Thanks, Neil. Okay, Bubba said it was pretty good. We have an open line in
Brown, five, six, oh, listen, I mean, just wind him up and let him go. He was wind up like a guy,
damn alarm clock, let him go, wind him out, spin him out. The thousand down, 79, it was over 100
again, but it's it's all over the place. And the next time 14, I'm just keeping you abreast,
if you're not near a TV, you said, if you don't have one of those little ticker things, you know,
I'm just letting you know, it's not all that bad. It's not good. Europe took a dump overnight,
Japan, all that Asian stuff. They're having real problems, but, you know, who cares about a
worldwide recession? As long as we got those baseballs to sell, here's Miami. Hello. Hello.
Yes, sir. Neil. Yeah. Yeah, I was just calling about that guy called her about Regley Field.
Yeah, my dad just moved up. They lived about a block and a half away from Regley Field.
Great. Good neighborhood. Great. And, you know, I only placed the, no places down here in Miami,
you can walk out of the stadium and, you know, get a drink or get a nice meal or something,
you walk out of Miami-Rina, you know, get mugged or something. Right. So, you know, that's all we say.
You don't walk out of Miami-Rina, you run out of Miami-Rina. Yeah, you run to the car and go as fast
as you can. Yeah, but just, you should take it a trip up there and, you know, I go.
We did a couple of shows from Murphy's Bleachers, which is right across the street from, this is a
few years ago, right across the street from Regley Field. Oh, yeah, yeah. I got a couple and everything
from there. Right. Yeah, I went up to the summer. My dad and I went in a couple games.
Yeah, a lot of fun. Great, great people. Have a great day, Pat. Yeah, that's a real
place with real people and a real city and the real downtown there, the loop, because they,
like I told you, they stuck all the shfarts just out way there in the suburbs. And, uh, yeah,
I mean, that's just the way you got to do it. Well, no, there's a lot of affluent black people
in the Chicago. And of course, they can afford to live wherever they want, which is fine. I think
that anybody, whether they're, whether no matter what, if they can afford to live in a nice
neighborhood, great. But I mean, if there are people who are like, you know, sloppers, no matter
whether they're black or white, let the white slivers live out in the trailer park and let the
black sliver live out there in Cicero and, uh, made wood, where were they? Cicero. What's the other
one? Washington Park and sports and park. Cicero is one and the other one is, uh, come on, come on,
come on, uh, homewood. Let's go to Miami. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Hi, longtime, not a first time,
long time. Neil, listen, I want to talk to you about two things. First of all, you were mentioning
I'm a Columbia spick 25 year old. Yeah. Yeah. This is Alex. I haven't caught in a long time. Any good
drugs? I have no, I don't do drugs. Okay. You know, you were, you mentioned something about a
certain mob standings. Don't know who the three-led slate of rants are. Yeah. It's the judicial
executive and oh boy, I had it and I just forgot it. The ludges. Let's slate it. Yeah.
Judicial and executive. Right. Right. And Neil, one thing I wanted to talk to you about,
a, it doesn't matter who breaks the record. Roger Merrick's record. It's, a lot of people are going
around saying it's right. Uh, Simon Solso, Mark McGuire is going to do it. It doesn't matter who,
as long as it gets broken, right? That's what it all comes down to. That's why everybody's excited,
or what do you mean by that? Well, what I mean is everybody, whoever does it, that's a person that's
going to get the attention. I mean, it's not, it's not being done by somebody anonymous. It's not like,
uh, no, no, no, but what's going on is the main reason everybody's excited is because the record
is going to be broken. Right. So it doesn't matter who a, which one of the two plays are going to
break it? Well, I mean, depending on who it depends on. I think they're both going to break it,
but I depend on the way we look. Also, which leads me to my next topic. You know, are you a
kind of Bill Clement? Bill Clement? Right. Who does the color on a hockey game? Right. He's good.
Yeah, he is pretty good. And you know what? Last night when, uh, when they showed the highlights of
Mark McGuire, um, uh, hitting 50, 50, 59, uh-huh. I was standing in my uncle. I said, you know what? I
think Mark McGuire had a good shot of making probably up to 70 home runs. Yeah. And I, I was just
telling him nobody else, nobody else has the balls to go out that far and guess what? I turned
it to ESPN and Bill Clement was doing the color. It was doing the, um, the, the announcement for,
for the game that was on. And then he happened to say, you know, he, Mark McGuire has shot,
has a good shot of making 70 home runs. Uh-huh. I was thinking of myself. He's the only one who has the
balls as well. He's the only one who has the balls. I always said that Bill Clement's got to get a big
pair. He's, you know, he's really good. And, you know, I, I'm glad you gave me the chance to talk to
you. I don't know if you remember me. This is Alex. Yeah. Whatever you say, Alex. Have a great life.
Okay. Alex, he used to call back on the old station. Now Alex is back. Okay. We have an
open line in day five six seven, oh five 60 and pound five 60 on the mobile one line. Where we go
and here's a mobile in Tamarack. Hello? Mobile in Tamarack? I know you're there. Hello? Yes, sir.
Hello, Neil. Hello, sir. I would like to attribute this to Wayne Heizinger, the new homeowner in
Nantucket. Yes. There once was a man from Nantucket who was bald head looked like my after-fight
plotted. He said with a grin, I'll only sell the Marlins to Don Smiley who called me daddy while he
sucks it. Huh. Oh, well, you were talking about that toe sucking before. weren't you? What was that
we have an open line in Broward? Dreaming five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on the mobile one line.
Well, you know, there are a lot of things that could be called tripping depending on size, I guess 1227 at five
60 radio five sixty Q a year. Hey, yo, man. What's up? The clock. The miss. Oh my god. How did that's right. It's a sports
channel. It's a cable channel. Sports channel. I watched the whole game. If I would have had any brains
which I don't have would have looked at my satellite TV week seen that it was on. I would have taped it. I
got that. I did what I was a liar. Anyway, I'm only 57 so I never got to see Babe Ruth play. However,
my dad had told me that in those days when Babe Ruth played they did not have the round rule double
rule at that time and that there were home runs yet in ballpark that bounced into the seat. No,
no. Absolutely wrong. Okay, rolled under fences. No, no, no way. Okay, well that's what the,
you know, when you see Babe Ruth pictures on you do see balls bouncing into the seats but
he had told me that anyway. I subscribe on cell poppy's full of crap. I subscribe on
that. Yeah. And inside the onset and the sports pages tell you every game is on every channel is on.
I know that. So I was able to watch it last night. You know, I don't get on set. I get
satellite TV week but just changed the format from a big magazine to like a real small one which I
hate with those grids. Right. But at least they still do the sports thing in the back. And if I
would have thought, you know, if I would have looked in the used a little what I don't have. Yeah,
that's what I did last night. Okay, congratulations. Thanks. I'll have a great day. Bye.
You have to see it's a bunch of crap because Wayne wanted to give us the Tampa Bay game so that we could
fill the stadium for my site and you all do the flea blives. I don't blame you 45,000 so we can make
the extra bucks because Wayne, no, I'll give you nothing for free when he can stick some money in his
own goddamn pocket. And like I said before, this man is a cancer on this community. He has turned
out to the really show his true colors. He's got a long way from doing the hokey pokey and cheering
with his wife, Marty Darethy, a Panther game is during the big season three years ago when he was
putting on a big act like being a real fan. Who the hell are you kidding? And then he comes out here
a couple of weeks ago and says, well, you know, I really don't understand what people get into sports
for. Why did he come such a bad sports fans? I don't get it. That's for damn sure Wayne. That's the
damn honest, the first honest thing you've ever said. You don't get it. Not in the least bit.
Yeah, we're a sports fan so we can make you a lot of money. That's what it's all about because we
feel sorry for it. Don't be trusted. I mean, anybody who stock is dropping like a goddamn rack
and down to 15 and something like that. Oh, baby. You need all the help you can get
whatever is the market again in gear in the down direction. We have an open line at date 567-0560-0.560 on the
mobile one line. Pimber Pines. Hello. It is new graduate for put doctor. Yeah, huh?
Open line at date one and Broward 567-0560-0.560 on the mobile one line. Where we going?
Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. Thanks for taking my call. Thanks for making your call, sir.
Right. I'm one of the unfortunate ones up in bulk that can't get your show on TV.
Oh, it's great, man. Everybody in Dayton, Broward loves it in their life and to the people in Palm Beach
County. I got one of those guys to make me a tape. So tonight, finally I'm going to go home and
watch a couple of the shows on TV. Okay. I hope you can extend into the Netherlands up there.
We're going into the Netherlands, yeah. Well, that'll be good too. I was one of the guys in the game last night
and I tell you what, it was fantastic. I brought my kids there. Went to the game early for change.
Watch batting practice. Knocked out for and batting practice. It's like an arsenal of cameras and
everything snuffing away and everything. It must be pretty, I don't know how this guy doesn't feel
any of the pressure, but it's pretty incredible. But finally, I just wanted to say this is now maybe
one of the only true sports heroes kids can look up to where everybody complains about heroes. That's
right. He's worthy of it. Amen. So, he's worthy. I'm not a material. Okay. Thanks for having a good
time, pal. Yeah, he'd be worthy, man. And this guy calls me if they only should admire, yeah,
is that the best you can do? Yeah, for right now, that's the best we can do. You jackass.
This guy with his Ellie Wazell crappier today. I'm going to walk. Yep. I'm inspired. You're bad
influence. First, it's the food. And mom's going to be real upset for she's going to be pissed off
and fired up. Well, I'm going to smoke at these two fast, by the way. They're almost all gone. There's
only a few left of these great-per-domo reserve from Nick's man. Are these great? These are just
are just like little torpedoes. These are just the right size and they're just the right not too
strong, not too mild. They're just like right in between. And they fit in your mouth just the right.
Okay. I'm perfect. Let's go to Hollywood. Hello. Only three more days till the George Rob
rega show on 560. Okay. Thank you. One of your people. He'll be calling. Open line in day.
560. Huh? I don't mean that. I mean, one of your crowd. One of your followers. One of your
devil days. 560 705 680. 05 560 on a mobile one line. 23 to 1 at 560. QM. Hank Goldberg from
Shula State 2 from 2 to 6. We got the mad dog coming up from 6 to 730. Right. And 715. Then we got
Virginia and Auburn. Is that right? Virginia. Where is it? Oh, boring. Virginia at Auburn. Oh my
god. 715 and Ed Kaplan. After the name, you take some more idiotic calls from the other 4th
fan. We have no idea what they're talking about. You know, Charles Alfierino is what he's
talking about. 43 at 560 WQM Eric, who's a real chronic factor, but generally good
factors that anyway, he's got something to say, doesn't he? He says that guy can pray any
damn time he wants. We don't need to take time during a football game to worship his crap.
We've sent men to the moon and cure diseases like polio and he wants God to protect the football
players. What is he talking about, Susira? What a moron. He was representative of the kind
of assholes that make up a burger. Thank you, Eric. He says. Oh, now, what the hell is that thing
that I found finally the other day that I've been looking for? That you're welcome thing. What
is that under? Why couldn't I find that? It's under what? What does that mean? How do you
spot that? Why that? You know what? I can't find anything in here. I'd spell it like you used
to be like your Y-O-U-R-O, you know? Oh, as in, did you spell it like that? Anyway, 16 to 1
at 560 WQM. This town is on fire, baby. The fever says it's like a gigantic tornado.
The big white tornado is swept through here and nobody gives a crap. They're those people
over there and of course they're pissed off. They didn't catch a ball or one of the ones that he had.
See, somebody also called the Ed Kaplan. There were a couple of people that made sense. That's
what frosted me driving home from the track last night. A couple of people called him made sense.
And Ed got very incensed and hung up on him and got psychotic. And then a bunch of other assholes
that he hung up and got psychotic and mightfully so. One guy made one. I thought was a pretty
fair point that his Sammy Sosa is under a hell of a lot more pressure because he's got a team
that's contending for a playoff spot a while. I don't know. Sounded movies and the marks, you know,
there's three stages in the marks brothers and all the old stuff, you know, while you were
eating there. Yeah. And I was just wondering if you have remembered that play. Sounds vaguely
familiar, but I don't think it was over there. Oh, okay. Thanks a lot. Have a good one. Bye-bye.
Open line and day. Yeah. The good old days. I started coming here like in 68, 68 and 69. The
galt ocean mile up for a lot of day. Back when there was a spring break and back when they were
like living and reading people here. Young people out of the age of 100 and where they're all these
great restaurants. Oh, geez. See, there you go again. Be a little funny that he tried to live in the past.
Yeah. What's wrong with the trying to live in a good parts of the past? And of course,
not stuff like the famous. I'm going to tell you was there ever a better restaurant in this town?
I mean, it's hard to compare like steak houses to delis to other. But all around just generally.
And please don't tell me, you know, Joe's or the, uh, or a rascal house or the afford. Please stop.
Was there ever a better restaurant than on Washington Avenue? The famous. Was there ever? No.
Before your time. Of course, you would have. Yeah, you liked your food. Oh, my god.
The famous used to be one of my first sponsors on KAT. Then they tried to bring it back and that
was a disaster. They tried a couple of times. Disaster. Here's our. It's make believe. But the original
one you'd sit down and they would bring you first all the big bowls of dill pickles, great ones.
Not not soggy and crappy. And they would bring you like for soup. Lots of all soup or a creploss soup.
They bring you big tubs of like stuff to put in there and fried creploc that just to die for. Oh my god.
Big portions you walk out of there with a heartburn that could kill you and a big smile on your face.
And you'd be all the way home. It was great. The famous on Washington Avenue. Good God. Was that the
best god damn place in the history of the human race? Uh huh. Won't see that no more.
Here's a mobile in four-letter deal. Hello.
Mobile in four-letter deal. Nail. Yes, sir. How are you? Okay. Long time listener. First time
caller. All right. I just think of something the other day is pretty interesting. Not too long ago
we had a situation with Anita Hill and Clarence Thomas. And I think if I remember correctly the
Republicans kind of jumped over all over Anita Hill and was kind of going against her and was
taking Clarence Thomas. Right. Yeah. Now the other side of the coin is the same people that we're
going to that are jumping all over the president. Yeah, but you can you can turn around and say the
other way that the Democrats would jump and all over Clarence Thomas and that now that some of
them are trying to make excuses for Baba BNA a Hormyrester. Yeah, I mean you can say that. That's
your way. Right. That's true. But the same Republicans if you look at the names coming up or
going out to the president and saying okay for Monica. It's just by Ron. Yeah, but you notice
you notice now though that like Newt Gingrich has backed off into one anybody talking about his
private life and even Dan Burton that self-righteous asshole from Indiana that was screaming in
Yale in the few weeks ago. Now he's starting to say well you know I wouldn't be the first to confess
we've had problems in my marriage and it's none of your damn business what they really are but yada yada
you know see this is the way life is this is real life you're looking at anybody's closet and
there's all kinds of skeletons and the things crawling around in there. You're absolutely right. And
there's not anybody's god damn business. Right and you'll see the bottom line to the full thing is
I think they're wondering to keep quiet now or the ones that have the more skeleton. That's right. Like
a good old college man. Dan that's right. Do it has plenty of them. So I just thought I'd appreciate it and have a great day. Thank you.
Okay, said Senator Dan. We have an open line now what I said open line and Broward 5 6 7 0 5 6 the
pound 5 60 on the mobile one line. Here's a lady in homestead. Hello. Leave you in homestead. Hey,
Neil. Yes, man. How you doing? Okay. My first time calling. Great. I just want to know if you can make my day a lot better by playing the
Scottish bagpiper kit. The Scottish bagpiper kit. Yeah. Which is called. Oh, when he talks about
Loddy. It's called playing playing the bagpiper. Not right. Very good. Thank you. Okay,
we don't have a nice day. Okay, don't play him too much. Hi there boys and girls. Today we've got a
very extra special friend. Stop and buy show us all about something special.
Come on in, Mr. Mc. Are you ready? Hey, brought by something I wanted to show you.
I wonder what it is. It looks like it looks like a octopus with a coat on. That's me bag boy.
Hey, what can I touch it? Sure, go ahead. Run your hands. Hey, like velvet. Hey, what's this right here?
That is my ball pipe. What do you do with the blowpipe? You blow it, lad. You blow it. You blow it.
You put your mouth around it and your blow. Okay, can I do that? Hey, would you like to blow my pipe, laddy?
Can I? Sure, go ahead. Okay. Come on lad. You got to put your mouth around it, lad. Don't be afraid.
It's not going to break. Like this? Hey, that's a boy. Stick it on the way down your throw there.
It's getting bigger. Hey, it means you're doing it right. What's this over here? That's midshanta.
What do I do with that? What do you do with that lad? Is you put your both hands on it.
You cover the hole and you run your hands up and down the shaft real quick.
Hey, run your hands up and down it there. Now what you want to do laddy is you want to blow on the pipe.
You want to squeeze the bag nice and gentle and then you want to run your hands up into the shaft real quick.
Like okay, all together all at the same time. Okay, here we go. Good laddy.
Hey, that's good lad. Sure. That's good laddy. Keep going. No harder laddy.
Other squeeze the bag. Please, man. Run your hands up and down the shaft.
Stick it better. Run your hands up and down the shaft.
Go, go, go.
Go, go.
You're going to play it on the pipe.
Go, go, go.
You're going to play it on the pipe.
After the kitchen and breath maybe.
There we go.
Hey y'all, my name is Clansview.
Gene Thomas, friends of bushes and homonypothers and cream parties.
And you know, there's lots of people's laddy that think just cause I smoke a little marijuana when I was in college.
Yeah, they were nothing but a pinjoy.
Maybe cigar side joy. I know remember y'all.
Did they don't think I'm fit to be on the supreme court?
Yeah, I got to much.
Let's just quick and get out of here. I want to sit y'all straight.
When I stop reviewing the law.
I don't just review the law.
Tell y'all I'll be talking.
And I'll talk it to the east.
And I'll talk it to the west.
And I'll talk it while I look up standard day.
Oh, kind of.
Okay, I'll be talking.
Let's go bird one, y'all.
253 at 560 WQM.
I guess this would be a good time for us all to admit here that we're smoking weed on the air every day.
Not just ordinary cigars.
But you know, Nick's provides a great cover for all of us because they do make the best of us that nobody else out there is ever going to get their hands on.
Wouldn't it be something that they had smell ofers and they could smell the aroma coming through the radio?
Where we going? Let's go to Bokeh.
Nail.
Yes, sir. How are you today?
Nail house. They think I can get you four hours of this. I'm doing okay.
I thought you were going to the spot there. You fooled me.
Not me.
I heard your story this morning about that lady at the track.
Yeah, what do you need three for?
Oh, God. Why does everybody have to butt their nose into everybody else's business?
Yeah, she's standing over this other woman's shoulder who's just doing her job. She knows me.
I mean, the other woman, I go every week and she's very nice to me.
Here's me to programs. This other bitch, all of a sudden, is like supervisor.
Making sure we don't give out one extra free program too many because that extra two bucks that they're not going to get my put them into bankruptcy.
And by the way, they're making some money up there.
That program is worth $100 to the track with you guys in your eyes.
That's right. That's right. Absolutely correct.
In fact, in my case, since I've been mostly Hazel Park a lot more than a Duke Pompeau, it's worth plenty of money.
It's worth about $15, $20 or raise times $11. You figure it out.
Dumb bitch.
Yeah. And listen.
What do you need three for?
Speaking about putting in is when George is doing the show, is Bluff going to come in there and help him program it?
No, he's not.
In fact, we haven't seen Bluff in a long time. I knew I was feeling good for some reason.
We haven't seen Heidner here of that geek.
You know, George, if you'll work with Bluff, you can get peaks of 20 shares.
Yeah, that's right.
Or you can get peaked with something. Have a great day pal.
Later.
So yeah. That's right. Just like Paxton wanted those peaks of 20 shares.
What is a peak of a twa? I don't know, but it sounds good.
Seriously, you got to have given credit for one thing.
I mean, it's a total phony and a sham.
But here's a guy that started in Newark, New York, Buddy Bud Paxton, who was a nickel and dime make-believe broadcaster at a station called...
I should have asked that guy before, who was from Newark.
It was called...
Was it WACK? Was that it? Wacky radio in the...
I think that was it. WACK.
And this guy fell into a bucket of crap with that Homesh Lock network.
Because he had some little bogus radio station on the West Coast over in St. Peter somewhere.
And they couldn't make any money.
And so he started selling...
They had a list trade-out merchandise.
So he started selling it on here, auctioning it off on the year.
And it went over like a crazy.
So we thought, well, hey, let's turn it into a...
And then they turned it into a TV show.
And then you want up for the Homeshopping network.
And made hundreds and hundreds of millions of dollars.
And then bought up all those radio stations and destroyed every one of them.
And sold them and made hundreds and hundreds of millions of dollars.
Now he's got this packs nut out there putting crap on here.
And because there's no overhead, he's paying absolute no money to anybody.
He's going to make hundreds and hundreds of millions more.
So of course, the show that feels so smart ain't always where it's at.
Sometimes people who are dumber than sawdust, people who are total phony's in full of crap.
As long as they're slick and glib and got a good line of BS, right Greg?
Hey, by the way, when George is on Monday, he's got some real exciting news about his bonus, don't he?
No. Yeah. Well, Monday, you got several opportunities.
In fact, that wouldn't surprise me at all.
No one to kind of kid her that Greg read is.
He's just waiting till you're on the show doing it Monday.
And he'll walk right in here with that white ugly suit of his.
And say, hey, guess what?
I didn't want to do while Niko was here and take a lot of crap from him.
But here's your bonus, Czech. George, you're doing a lot of job and keep it up.
It's a holiday. He's not going to be here. Nobody will be here.
Like I said, I don't think that's going to happen.
Four minutes, four minutes, still. One. Yeah, you're going to be keeping that in mind, aren't you? Nobody will be here.
Right. It'll be a skeleton crew.
And of course, we owe Joe back in the other joint. He's smoking some good stuff too.
He's looking all those NASCAR magazines.
Well, what am I reading the log here? I don't know with that one.
Huh? I don't know what I'm doing. Too much of this bad weed.
That's what's killing me.
Too much, bad weed. Okay, let's go back to the regular cigars next week, Nick.
12.570.560.000.
That's a real man that puts a woman on there first to do a fake voice so we can get on and not get on the air.
Nice work, sir. Here's a lady in Miami. Maybe hello.
Lady in Miami. Yes, ma'am.
Hi, this is Evans Mom Neal. How are you?
Okay. Good. I have, first of all, I heard you talking that you like coffee.
I'm not going to be on the ice cream.
Ben and Jerry now have a please. I don't want to hear about it.
And it's been now I understand why Evan is so fat.
Oh, yeah, I did a good job on them. What can I say?
That's not funny. I will. I can't help it. We're all like that.
But if you make an effort, don't do it. Stop killing your son.
I know. I try to kill me now with Ben and Jerry's newest.
I love Ben and Jerry's, but I don't care. I don't want to hear about it.
All right. Have a nice day. Okay, Evans, ma'am.
Isn't that sad? Is that is that pathetic?
Ah.
Well, you know who killed my fat friend?
Yeah.
Somebody was bringing him food.
All his good friends? No.
Not us. Who were force feeding him?
No. Who?
We were doing our best. Who was bringing him in the food?
I'll give you a hint. He was Jewish.
Not ma.
Ah.
Was my force to get the honey tunya?
What was mom doing when he died? Eating.
No.
Making him food.
We have two open lines in a day.
Well, I was good for the, you know, I have to be died.
You know, Jews like to sit around and celebrate, eat a lot of food after somebody dies.
Just like the Italians do.
Two open lines in a day, five, six, seven, oh five, 60,
pound five, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
In fact, if Evan were a stockbroker, he'd be perfect.
Because right now they're putting a question on here with the market,
taking them down. Where's the hedge?
Is the topic?
And if he were a stockbroker, they'd walk in and say, hey Evan, where's the hedgehog?
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60, pound five, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
She thinks it's funny.
Here is a person who thinks that fat is funny.
Us away.
The Marlins are one loss away from about 333, in other words,
losing twice as many as they've won.
And they've already set the record for most losses.
Oh, yeah, by the longs since several days ago, yeah, by...
And I'll tell you, you're right by giving up your Zalphins tickets, not going.
There was what, 48,000 last night?
No, we're near football capacity.
It was a cluster mess getting out of there.
It stopped.
I mean, we had to wait.
It's a pain in the ass, you know, the parking thing and then going in all the beer-guzzling
drunks and the invocation and all the baloney.
And then usually a disappointing game and a same old crap, you know,
drive 80 yards down the field and get stalled on a three-yard line and kick a field goal.
And no secondary.
I mean, it just got to be so ponderous, the same predictable thing year after year after year.
Who down needs it when you can sit home and cup her and watch it on TV?
Yeah, and you can pick and choose who you want to enjoy it with.
Exactly.
And also pick and choose which game you want to watch when you got the football package.
There actually might be a good one on there.
Yep, and then you can always...
You can't change channels with the game if the dolphins are getting blown out.
You can't hear them there.
Right.
So, good talk and you take care of them.
And then of course, the deal is at the dolphin games when there are 75,000 people
and if you do leave early, which believe me, many of your games most games we left early,
unless it goes into overtime or something like that.
And right away, all of the night in the Monday, they're calling and,
oh, we saw you left early.
Yeah, well, too bad.
Too stinking bad.
Okay, who now wants to put their life, take their life?
It's bad enough just driving on an ordinary pedestrian day around here,
because without 75,000 people, I'll try to drive out of one location at the same time,
like a bunch of animals.
I'm going to tell you who the worst drivers are.
Not the illegal aliens, believe me, many of them are really bad.
But the worst drivers as a group are women.
Now, that's a big group.
But the worst drive, and you want to know why, young women, old women,
they share not all, but many of them, one thing in common.
They are scared, crampless.
And the worst driver, besides an intoxicated driver,
the worst driver is a scared driver.
Terrified.
They're squeezing the wheel so God they'm hard that there's practically blood coming.
They almost see the blood dripping from the steering wheel.
And they're like looking and looking over their shoulder,
and you know, just do something, okay?
Just either get out of my way, pull it off the side of the road, do something.
And there are so many of these women who are just scared of their own shadow.
Of course, the old women, what do you want?
They're like, the top of the blue here is up to the bottom of the steering wheel.
They're sitting on four pillows and two telephone books,
and they're like peering out over the top of the dash.
Welcome to Florida.
Here's a mobile in Key Largo. Hello.
Anya, how you doing?
Okay, sir?
Have a whammy spy report.
Yeah.
There's a particular young lady that's going to have her own talk show that you know that?
No, I did not.
One knee.
One knee is doing a talk show.
That was a pair of pants from early on, but they shelved it.
Oh, they shelved it? Thank God.
I heard on a radio station, and I won't say for one,
that she was on there, and there were...
Oh, yeah, she was on Power 96, because somebody saw her ugly person the whole morning.
She was on there, and she was saying that it's going to be a no-holds bar to adult language show.
I thought that was pretty eye-consuming.
You can't even say the S word.
Right.
So, she's full of crap.
Neon, I swear to God, I've never seen a more uglier woman in my entire life.
And she has that, so she's not funny.
She has absolutely no talent.
She's not just ugly, she's annoying as what she is.
I mean, she's somebody who thinks that she's funny and entertaining,
and she is not, and she keeps trying harder and harder to be funny and entertaining,
and she is neither the above, and she's just an impediment.
I hear people on the radio.
Which is why, thank God, we got Stephanie on there doing those cut-ins now,
those interstitials, and, you know, what an improvement that is.
Okay.
Have a great day.
Thank you.
So, what's not going to be on is what you tell me it fell through?
No, it fell through in the beginning, but it probably will be happening later.
Wow.
She's a stand-up comedian.
She's not funny.
She's embarrassing.
Anyway, they look her in that mall.
We have an open line, and they've won in Broward, 567, 0560, and 0560,
on the 18T wireless line.
El Paso, myself.
Here's a Pember Pine, hello.
Hey, now.
Yes, sir.
Do you know when a hockey fest is?
Do I know what?
When a hockey fest is going to be.
The hockey fest?
Yeah, when I hold it over here.
I have no idea.
I'm sure it's on my schedule.
Do I have my schedule in my pocket?
No.
Yeah, it should be on the schedule.
I don't have it in my pocket, though.
Uh, so you wouldn't know if it's going to be at the new arena or not, then, I guess.
I would assume it would.
Oh, okay.
Great.
You never been at any...
Well, when Georgia's got...
I don't go to that thing.
Oh, that's pretty good.
Georgia's got the schedule, and it is that I have the hockey fest on there when they do that thing,
and they bring in the upheaval.
How about bringing me that schedule?
I might find a Mr. Georgia got one.
I'll let you know.
Okay, we're waiting.
Georgia's taking off this head.
Said he's walking very rapidly to the door.
Handing me the schedule.
Why do you have a Panther schedule?
I find that most amusing, myself.
Rookie Camp starts the fifth this Saturday.
You already know that.
And then training camp starts a week from Saturday the 12th.
And hockey fest, I don't see anything on here about it.
I do not see Saturday...
Saturday September 19th at the arena on top of the ice.
Saturday, September 19th.
Oh, that must be, uh, very small.
You see, they put some stuff on you.
You can't read.
The following ones, they will be a banquet.
And the following ones, they will be...
Who's that, Rimmer?
Sam.
Sam?
Sam from Venezuela?
Sam the scam?
Oh my God.
Sam actually knows something.
Much less responded to something we talked about.
There you go, sir.
September 19th at the new National Car Rental.
Yadi, yadi, yadi, yadi.
Wayne, I didn't pay for it.
We built a arena.
We have an open line at day 566-705-60,
pound 560-60, our prestigious AT&T wireless line.
Boy, I can't keep my hands in this baby.
It's roll all by itself.
I got a cigar that's like hopping around the goddamn building.
There must be something...
Maybe there's like, uh, those Cuban jumping beans in here.
Here's a Cutler Ridge, hello.
Cutler Ridge.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how you doing?
Great.
I went to the game last night.
It was awesome, man.
Yeah.
In the stands in the right center field bleachers, high five,
and people that you don't know,
and the atmosphere was just unbelievable.
Uh-huh.
Like you said, Wayne should be kissing his feet.
Right.
And I'd like to know how many fans are going to show up to see since and 80 tomorrow.
I thought it's Montreal.
Uh, whatever.
I mean, doesn't matter.
Well, yeah, it doesn't matter,
because Montreal and the, uh,
Marlins are two of the worst teams in the history of baseball.
Yeah.
And I guarantee if they have seven or eight thousand people a game,
it'll be a major miracle.
It'd be lucky.
You know, I'm so sick of this Wayne High thing, I do, man.
I go to the game.
Uh, tickets weren't that bad,
but you get an avion water,
$16, is $2.50.
Yeah.
Get a jumbo hotdog.
It looks like a Vienna sausage for $350.
Mm-hmm.
And I guarantee you one thing,
after I went in Sarmaguar I said,
only reason I want it,
uh, I will not ever give another dime to this guy.
Ever.
And, uh,
I always like to avis myself, you know what?
Yeah, the avis fan.
I just, I would,
I just sit there and think it is ugly pimple you had,
and I just almost get sick.
Because I feel a waste management fear.
I was all over and he's got,
you know, all the prices jacked up
and it just makes me want to get, get sick.
I'd like to really,
what I'd like to do is,
is stick icing is ugly,
pimpley, geeky face,
and one of those dumpsters,
along with his $1.7 billion,
and say,
see you have a nice one.
Why?
Maybe you want to go around once a part of time in America,
watch the end of that movie.
It might,
might give you some hope,
you know, I'm talking about,
that's where the game's worth,
got to sit.
Asshole, asshole,
oh,
Wayne High thing, you're such an asshole.
Remember, hell's the profit that was good to pop up?
He yelled at Manage,
that greedy churn.
All right.
Because he wouldn't take a shower with,
Hey Goldberg,
Asshole,
Asshole.
You've heard each Wayne High saying,
you're such an asshole.
He's just like Hitler,
and Abe Abron,
what's that he's pounding on?
Oh,
oh,
oh,
oh,
oh,
asshole,
asshole,
Wayne is the quintessential asshole.
He only think there is love to say,
is drop to right away.
You know, I was listening to a hangout away home yesterday,
and hanged right out of the box,
who's ripping away a major, major, major ass.
Right under there at PP Park,
you know what I was,
and I thought to myself,
oh,
125 and 560 WQM,
all the other,
QA in.
What the fuck,
going on with Dayton Brewer?
So, kid,
you want a career in the Navy?
What do you think you'd like to do?
Oh, I don't know, maybe.
Do they have a cruise director?
Uh-oh, no.
Why do you want to join, son?
Oh, I don't know.
Something about a Chris White bell bottom uniform,
with a snappy little black tie,
and a Shirley Tipple hat that says,
I'm clean and ready for inspection, sir.
Do they have a food deck?
I sure would like to play on that.
That's a funny word.
Food deck, food deck, food deck.
Do they serve my ties on the ship?
Oh, stay away!
Hey, sir.
Okay, 129 at 560 WQM.
Boy, we're sure nothing of it is consistent on it.
Wamy, is he, aren't we?
Are we consistent?
Uh-huh.
930 last night, a 0.5 rating in a 1-shear,
1030 0.5 rating in a 1-shear.
Mesh, 11 o'clock,
0.2 rating in a 0-shear.
So, how do you like that?
They thought Mesh was going to be the savior.
I've promoted the hell out of that.
I guess they've had enough of Alan Alder,
like all the rest of us.
They can't stand it.
One thirty in the morning,
we had a 0.2 rating in a 1-shear.
So, we had 1-shear right up and down the line.
Okay, we got the big one.
Which ain't nothing to write home about,
but compared to Mesh,
two open lines,
and dayed one and broward,
567 05 60,
and 0.560 on the AT&T line.
Here's, uh, Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Okay.
Okay, I listen to you show all the time, right?
Yeah.
And I listen to you when you was on IOD.
Yeah.
I mean, you was a blast over there.
It seemed like you were like real intense over there,
but you put it in.
I was intense over there,
and I'm not here, is that what you're saying?
Uh, you got over here.
Oh, I'm being okay,
but not as intense.
Move over.
I want to move over here.
You was intense over there.
I'm smoother.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I would say so.
What does that mean?
Uh, it's just,
you mean like my legs or my ass?
No.
No, it's just like balls, balls, balls,
balls, balls, balls,
balls, balls, because there's not much there anymore.
All right.
Well, listen, uh,
bear with me for a minute,
because I was listening to you talk about President McGuire
and whatnot.
President McGuire?
And I mean,
hello.
I'm listening.
Okay.
Why do you think I hung up on you just because I said President McGuire?
I think he could win it right now.
What?
Don't you?
Yeah, he probably good.
You had a choose between Mark McGuire and Newt Gingrich, who you vote for?
Uh, probably McGuire.
Uh-huh.
I vote for Jerry McGuire.
I can't stand time crews.
Well, listen, you know, it's, um,
it's amazing that, you know,
I hear about all of the old days and, you know,
all of the heroes of the old days and the presidents and stuff like that.
But, you know, you can't really have a hero in today's society,
because it's always like a knock-up.
Yeah.
Everybody's looking to knock him down.
That's right.
Yeah.
See when Babe Ruth was drinking all that booze and all that moonshine,
all that legal crap down on her choice.
I don't want to say anything.
Nobody talked about it.
They all knew he was doing it, but it wasn't something they talked about,
because he was a hero of the millions of kids and people.
And, uh, why the hell have you got to knock everybody down?
But today, with all this tabloid bull crap that's everybody
celebrates to try to knock everybody down,
which is very easy to do.
Yes, sir.
I'm glad you agree with me on that.
Yes, I do.
And I was, and I'm gonna tell you this,
and I know you, you know, real busy or what not.
Yes, I am.
But I was watching HBO with HBO one of the...
One of the things, yeah.
And I saw Celebrity Death and That, right?
And I thought about you, because I know how your views is on a lot of the movie stars and stuff like that.
Like TV.
On a TV, right?
Yeah.
And they put the stars against each other.
And I thought about you, because I know that's something that you always, like, advocate.
But they, like, just like us.
They downer, and they do all of the wrong things,
just like we did.
That's right, and they take them just like we do.
And sometimes get bloody diarrhea too.
Have a great day, pal.
All right, you do.
And be smooth.
Okay, we have one open line in day one in Broward.
56670560, Tom 560 on the 18T wireless line on your sports misinformation station,
where the caller is from one show to another calling with more bull crap,
more lies, more deceit.
Hey, that Felix Potfandy, let's just about done it.
No.
It's done all right.
It's finito.
History ain't gonna happen.
Somebody must have made a phone call to Mike Smith up there in Toronto and said,
it ain't need him, I roots you, they need to have your head examined.
And we heard that fat Neil say in that the other day, he said, you know, you got a point.
No more that Brian Murray crap.
We ain't speaking to him no more.
Here's Kendall.
Hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Hey, Neil.
Now that George is going to do a show on Monday.
Yeah.
So we look forward to like a George at night, one night on a, I mean, I don't know.
I never thought about that.
Are they going to put it on the TV?
Are they going to show on the TV?
Are they going to keep it edited?
No, no, let the Israelis, the crazy Israelis decide.
Oh, isn't that something?
These guys, they got to take it to committee.
Those two skinheads, Nazis, they got Maddie and Binky.
They're going to edit the shows then, they'll take them and let them watch it and see if George is a fine enough job.
I'm sure it'll be just fine.
Yeah, you were talking, tell them to put it on.
Exactly.
Listen, I hope we're having some little spick on there.
Yeah, right.
Also Saturday night, I happen to go to a wedding of an old, former coworker of yours.
Yeah.
I'm a gal, not so bright?
Yeah.
Yeah, nice lady.
Yes, she is.
Yeah, I remember when she used to talk a lot on the shelf.
That last thing at least?
Yes, sir.
Catherine, who?
I'll love you.
Okay.
Bye-bye.
Okay, we have an open line in Broward, 5.6705.60, 05.5.60 on the AT&T wireless line.
I used to be much more intense on that other station, make that.
That was an interesting comment.
I think he's got a very good point.
He doesn't?
Yes, he does on that old W-I-O-D.
Oh, I hate that state.
But here I'm a lot smoother.
That's right.
I've smoothed out all those big wrinkly.
I'm just one big blob of fat.
You got it.
I think Fat Joe showed me the ropes.
What's done on that Kenneth's frequency, did you?
Nobody wants to see a man with a snake, now.
Here's a hellendale.
Hello?
Yeah, listen.
I didn't go to any of the baseball games.
Yes.
I don't see what's so exciting about watching a guy hit against mind or league pitch.
Yeah.
What is that?
What's Mark McQuire?
How about the Braves?
Didn't he play every team, including the teams like San Diego and Houston?
Atlanta, they got great pitching.
Didn't he hit against all the same teams that everybody else did, sir?
Blow it out your ass.
Another sourpuss.
Go back to New York, you old fart, okay?
Another one that needs to go on a subway with Bernard Gets.
Have a little chat.
And then do a dirt nap.
Okay, that's what you need.
If nobody's going to force you to go, the people that did go thought it was exciting.
And that's just what I'm talking about.
He's just, he got away low with the pat from Pompano Park.
What do you need three for?
A little bit more.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
You too, Nessia.
You too, Nessia.
You too, Nessia.
You too, Nessia.
You too, Nessia.
You too, Nessia.
You too, Nessia.
You too, Nessia.
You too, Nessia.
You too, Nessia.
You too, Nessia.
You too, Nessia.
You too, Nessia.
You too, Nessia.
You too, Nessia.
In fact, I don't want to sound like some kind of primordata, but many, many, many a night in the olden days in last few years when I could have waited around for a free program, but I didn't want to stand in way to go upstairs and store them from somebody.
I put out my own couple of bucks there and bought one of myself.
It makes no difference to me.
It's insignificant in the course of my life.
The $2 for that program isn't going to change my life.
It's not for me.
It's for my friend Derek anyway.
It's for my friend Derek anyway.
The $2 makes that much difference to them either.
The $2 makes that much difference to them either.
In business.
$22 before 2 at $560 to $220 here.
You're a bastard.
There are two Miami cops with a hot two beans.
There on the street, fighting crime.
They pop at the handicap base there.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
In hell and day of bites.
We get a problem.
The creaking is a tool of tricks.
We tend it in at the group of senior citizens who went around trying to get the early bird special after seven.
Yeah, they're back in town.
Let's go get them.
They'll stop it nothing.
Clean up the streets.
Hey lady, you can't cross.
Here you'll have to cross in the light.
They're determined to clean up the smudging business.
Alright, sister, you're under arrest.
Oh, so now you're not asking my wife what's the charge?
The cash and the powder.
I'm gonna first tell you to wipe dust.
Yeah, just a thought.
Got over under bags in here.
Oh, what?
Sweet glow.
From that restaurant you just came out of.
Let's take a minute.
Yeah, there come the in-biby cops.
A hot newbie.
Him's a little bit.
Remearing this fall on MBC.
You see, what's most disgusting about that guy two calls ago, the old fart from Helen Dale,
who wants to pee on everybody's parade.
You know, he's entitled to feel that way.
He can live in the past.
He can keep trying to diminish the significance of these achievements today.
That's fine.
But why does he feel he has to share it with everybody else?
That's the thing that disturbs me.
Because that's the South Florida syndrome.
Misery loves company.
They want it because they can't stand all these other people having a good time getting a little.
And I don't hear like a million people calling into the all excited and worked up like you'd expect.
On this show or any of the other shows, by the way.
Hey, what's the odds on a game on Sunday?
And what's the overs and under?
See, that's not sports talk.
That's crap.
That's garbage.
That's instant tune out.
That's reach for the CD.
Reach for the button.
I'll keep saying it over and over again.
And those of you people who want to call the other shows on the station to keep doing it.
I'm telling you, man, you're sure not doing any service for us.
It's an instant tune out.
So the fact that there are people who are at any of these games the last three nights or maybe two or all three of them.
And had a great time and the town got whipped up into a frenzy.
And people are excited about something positive.
It's on the front page of both papers.
This guy can't stand that.
Because he wants the rest of us to be grumbling and miserable just like he is.
And that's the South Florida way.
Primarily because the old Farts run this town.
That's why we don't have any casino gambling.
That's why we don't have any nightlife.
That's why we have no spring break anymore.
That's why we have crappy education.
Because the old Farts run this goddamn town.
Everything has to be catered to them.
Because the politicians quake in their boots because easily the old Farts say, you know, they got nothing else to do.
They're the ones that go out and vote.
For what I don't know, but nevertheless, they're the ones that the politicians feel they have to bend over for.
The Grey Panthers.
Here's a lady mobile in Weston. Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
Two things I wanted to tell you.
First, I'm Sal.
It's Sal from Mozzole Water.
Yeah.
It's across the street neighbor.
I talked to you before.
Great guy.
Good to get him to go.
I had experts tickets.
Could I get him to go to the game with us?
But anyways, two things I wanted to tell you.
One thing that I found funny, I was that last night's game in the night before.
And it's the first time I've been to a game where everybody cheered for the other team.
Right.
Because every time they got a hit, every time they got a walk, anything just so that McGuire would come up.
Right, they'd get more bats, right?
Yeah, so everybody's booing the Marlins.
They're cheering from the Guires team.
It was exciting.
Actually.
Nobody cared what went on between any time, you know, anything other than a movement.
McGuire was up.
You're gonna see out of everybody screaming, you know, sit down, sit down and they'll make a big deal out of it.
Where else could you go to a ball game?
Have the home team get wild?
14 to 4.
Right.
I have 45,000 people jammed into the ballpark.
Euphoric and hysterical and enthused and leaving with a big smile on their puts.
But off-hearing for the wrong team.
Well, in this case, the right team.
Which was kind of funny.
But I gotta tell you something.
The other day, I was listening.
We live in Weston and I heard that Hank is on, you know, he was at the sporting booth.
I told my husband, come on, let's take the kids.
We'll go up to the sporting booth.
We'll go see Hank Goldberg.
My six-year-old daughter, anytime she hears his name, he's not Hank Goldberg.
He's a hippopotamus.
We figured he wouldn't let me take her in there because he was afraid that she would yell it.
And if you go to the zoo and you say, look, there's a hippopotamus.
No, mom, that's Hank Goldberg.
Oh, God.
So it got her straight.
Well, thanks for not doing it.
Hank, thanks you too.
Hi.
Have a great day.
Okay, we have an open line of David and one in Howard.
5.6705.60, 05.60 on the 18th T wireless line.
Are we sure haven't played that in a long time, have we?
We don't still have that in here, huh?
Do we have that in here?
It's not just Hank Goldberg.
It's a hippopotamus.
Okay, so we're fat.
Okay, big deal.
Where we going?
Let's go to Miami.
Hello.
Miami.
When is this?
What's up?
How are you doing, sir?
Okay, sir.
Can I call somebody at douchebag?
Yeah, go ahead, call them up on the phone.
Hey, you're a douchebag asshole.
Call them whatever you want.
It's America.
Two open lines in date.
5.6705.60, 05.60 on the 18th T wireless line.
See, I'm telling you, black beans and rice that affects your whole body.
Not just your...
It affects your thinking process.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hey, how's it going, Neil?
Okay, sir.
Hey, Neil.
It's the goddamn shame, man.
I was ready to game the other night with my two little boys and I got kicked out the stadium with my wife.
The hall rotted off the deck.
I can't kick out the damn stadium because if I did that I ripped it down far, put it over the seat.
Yeah.
I mean, what is this damn foul coming from, man?
What the hell is wrong with these bastards?
I guess that's how I think of them less than yesterday.
I guess Wayne can't afford that tarp, you know.
Times are getting pretty tough.
That stock is down to 15 and changed today.
I do it again, pal.
Don't do it again because times are getting tough for ballty.
Politicians getting defeated because they, you know, they swung a few votes his way.
You're out.
Anybody that ever even spoke to him shook his hand.
You're out.
He runs into John Hershback.
You're out.
Yeah, but the game's not.
You're out anyway.
That's where it goes.
What comes around goes around.
Of course, he likes to blame the media, blame everybody else.
He's got no one to blame but himself.
He came in here with all of us with open arms.
Oh my God, we love you.
Thank you.
You brought us a baseball.
You brought us hockey.
You brought us all kinds of good stuff.
You're going to bring us blockbuster park and build us that great new stadium.
Oh, you're not.
And that was the beginning.
That was one of the first big lies when they sold blockbuster to Viacom.
And all of a sudden blockbuster park became a bunch of crap.
Another fantasy, just like Greg Reed, given 50 million to buy part of the Marlins.
More fantasy talk.
Bullcrap.
And then from there, it got worse.
They did that famous interview in Tropic Magazine or Sunshine.
And he said, I didn't get into baseball for the fans.
I got into it to make money for profit.
And all of a sudden, at that point, many of us, including yours, truly said,
Hey, wait a minute.
This guy, it's the No Sandy Closet after all.
I mean, we don't beg for a guy making some money.
But this guy's got more money than we'll ever see in our 10 life times.
And what kind of a thing is that to say?
See, public relations, forget about it.
It's not a never vocabulary.
They don't care about it.
They think they can just bully and muscle their way through, which you do in the garbage business.
You can do it in the video business because you, you know, gobble up all the small guys,
put them out of business.
But you can't muscle and bully people in a buying tickets to support a sports franchise.
Or to build the stadiums.
And so then they put on a charade with all the panthers are leaving the panthers on them.
But it would be better.
And then they locked in that big season.
And all of a sudden, oh, we got to scramble around and find a way to build in that arena and proud.
And they did.
And they thought, oh, well, we can do that anytime we feel like it.
So now I'm going to go out and buy a world show.
You know, they never expected a world series.
But buy a real great team.
Which one dependent and then the world series.
And he thought, oh, well, for sure.
Now we got to start threatening them right on the heels.
They weren't even finished propping the champagne course.
Well, enjoy it while you can.
Because, but it means better.
But we lost money.
In other words, you better build a stadium where we're leaving the same old, tired tactics.
And finally, people said, you know what?
Stuff it up your ass.
Okay, Wayne, we're tired of your bull crap.
You're tired of your crying and belly aching.
Build you this, build you that.
Put your own goddamn money out.
At least Mickey Harrison.
I can't say much for him.
But at least he stuck his own money out to build that American Airlines thing downtown in Miami.
Even though it was like a shady deal.
But nevertheless.
And here's a guy that's worth almost $2 billion.
And he's crying, well, nobody's going to build me a stadium.
F&A, they're not going to build you no stadium, baldy.
So don't look to be blaming the media or anybody else.
It's your own actions, your own words, your own being an asshole.
That's the problem, Wayne.
Plain and simple.
10 before 2 at 560 WQM.
The key is Section 4, though he had none.
Waited, man, this big deal.
He's going to pay him a visit.
Now I'm not just still, I want to.
Who will stop the lane?
I heard me write your say it.
I went to one bit more.
I went to see the fanser.
But when it locks the doors.
It's a hundred degrees in half time.
But I can't find no fear.
So I walked up in the middle of the road.
And I want to, who will stop the way?
And of course, the limitations of time prevent me from going into all of the details and rehashing all the ugly specifics.
Like the Florida Panthers stock that you know he played on the Euphoria top of the Panther's trip to the stomach of finals.
And here comes the Florida Panthers stock. Let's go public, baby.
And then all of a sudden, Wayne and his buddies were taking all of them buying up all these hotels,
which they already happened to own with that Panther stock.
That's right. All those millions that they were getting in there to buy up all these hotels back from themselves.
Stuffing a profit into their pockets and saying, oh, by the way, guess what?
We're going to disassociate the Panthers from the stock now because that's been losing money for us.
And we're now in the hotel business, even though we sold you Florida Panthers stock.
I mean, just absolutely one scam after another one.
Just stuffing the public right deep inside their breakfast and then wondering, oh gee, they won't build me no stadium.
They don't like me. I can't figure that out.
Yeah, we have a tough time figuring out when here's my me be chill out.
Nail. Yes, sir.
Before God and I mean get off your knees to listen, Neil, I need your help.
Yes, I need you to tell me where all the good eight years women are.
I keep meeting all these archaic bitches who believe in all this mumbo jumbo.
Yeah, God. Oh my God. Listen, I met this one girl. She tell me, how can you say you don't believe in God?
You should be embarrassing. So I said, why should I be embarrassed with myself?
Because I feel like my mind is evolved more than believing in some, some, you know, anything superstitious crap, I think.
To me, and to me, black women should be even more rebellious about this crap because the same people who enslaved them gave them this book and said, look, you may not be anything now.
You may be going through all this crap during your real life, but if you die, then you can expect some kind of reward for all the hardships.
Yeah, putting up with slavery and all this other bull crap, right?
Give me a break. I mean, I mean, I just think like every woman I meet is some kind of way she's like, oh God, I met this one girl. She told me God talks to her.
Really?
Yes, she said he talked to her. I said, what did you mean?
Maybe it was...
Damn God.
That's your wife.
God's talking to her. What did you say? She goes, I can't tell you this between me and God.
Well, I'll tell you what, we'll work on that tomorrow, pal. We're going to put a call out for a black atheist woman out there.
I'll put on you a good black atheist woman.
Okay.
Good luck, pal. God bless you. God bless you.
Oh, what do you need three for?
Get out of here, I'll write Pat. Get away from me. Remember that movie Pat? That was the best. Was that the name of the movie Pat?
Oh, that was your Pat or something like that.
Yeah, here is Pat. And there she was. There it was. In fact, I think that's the Pat.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello?
Hey, Neil, it's gone.
How you doing, sir?
You know what? It's with me out.
What is that?
Old geezer in Holland, Dale.
Yeah.
He had up his ass.
Uh-huh.
It's the same attitude that everybody was hitting Maris with when he was going to break Babe Ruth's rubber record.
Oh, it's not 150 poor games. It's 160.
Well, what the hell difference does it make? The fact is that the way I look at it as far as the records, if you want to be a purist, there is pre-expansion when there is eight teams in each league.
And then there's post-expansion if you want to have a dividing line.
But you know, a season is a season. Whatever we call a season now, that's what a season is.
And the only reason they put the ass to risk in there is because Ford Frick was good buddies with Babe Ruth.
And he was the one that kept lobbying for them to put the ass to risk in a record broke to the Mnish Maris' record.
Well, the cool thing is, and well, it's not that cool.
I mean, he was dead already, but they have removed the ass trick.
But the whole point about it is that...
After they made his hair fall out and die of cancer, yeah.
Yeah. Why does everybody have to piss on his parade?
You know what I thought about cool at the stadium?
Now, we were respected all over the country.
You know, I would listen to the national radio show.
They were playing the tape of the Marlin fan, the cheering multiplier.
Right. That's the way it should be.
Exactly. We finally got some good press, even though it was not somebody on our team,
but nevertheless, we finally got some good publicity that people filled the joint up.
And here is finally something positive.
And the caller is on this radio station last two days.
All they want to do, like you say, is pee on a parade.
Grim out, good mail.
Exactly. God bless us.
Yeah, I have no room in my life for all of sour pushes out there.
I mean, if you want to find a dark lining in the middle of every silver thing,
I mean, that's up to you, okay?
But I refused to share in your negativity and hustle.
There's plenty of other things to be negative about, like the market.
And even that's not also bad now.
The Dow's only down about 63 points after being down as much as I saw about 100 and some odd.
It was pretty odd.
It looked like it was going to be a real bad day.
Now, it's kind of like men's amends or something like that.
Whatever the hell that means.
Okay, tomorrow we're going to find some atheist women out there for all you people out there with real or with brains,
with minds who aren't just believing in that old black magic and all that.
A mumbo jumbo and crap and men with the dance wrestling with snakes.
I'm going to tell you right now, my mother knows what it's all about.
She says, nobody wants to see a man wrestling with a snake.
How about one like this?
So anyway, Hank Goldberg's coming up from a Shula steak to next.
And like I said, let's go, Marlins.
Can't lose tonight.
