Sports Radio 560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers Show.
The Neil called 5600560 toll free for date and barrage.
For pound 560 on your cell phone.
Yes.
The opinions of Neil, his guests, callers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM,
some easily read acquisitions or the easily broadcasted.
No.
Now, Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560 QAM.
Sarah, what's the matter?
Oh, Judy.
I just found out.
Michael has Cardon.
Oh, no.
I just don't know what to do.
Well, when Shirley's boyfriend had one, he went to the Hard On Treatment Center of America.
Hard On Treatment Center?
Yeah, it's a place where they teach men how to wake up small and uninterested.
Do you think they could help Michael?
They were very kind and caring when Philip had his owner.
He doesn't even watch the USA Channel at night anymore.
The Hard On Treatment Center of America.
Helping so many Americans through their hardship.
Brought on by Big Boots in so many aerospace myths videos.
He's called today.
Don't get excited.
You're not alone.
The Hard On Treatment Center of America.
Cold water standing by.
Hey, happy anniversary, Neil.
Thank you.
Isn't that your anniversary today?
One year on its radio station?
All right.
Are we getting like tons and tons of faxes and balloons?
No.
Of course not.
But Greg Reed did come down here and check my hand today and say,
Happy anniversary, I made it one year.
Yeah.
And that was pretty exciting.
I guess that was it.
No balloons, no big deal.
I guess we'll have to get some food in here.
They have a big party.
We'll have our own goddamn celebration.
That's the way we do it.
We have plenty of practice doing that by ourselves.
Of course, I'm sure lots of you can relate to that.
But I do have one facts from Don at Homestead.
There's one guy out there.
One Goy at Homestead.
It was at least got the cajon's, where he has a good memory.
One year ago today, December 30th, 1997, they said it couldn't be done.
And here we were.
We didn't think it was going to be done either.
930 the night before, they're still putting stuff in here.
They're poaching around and it looked like it was impossible.
Couldn't be done.
They said it couldn't be done and we almost did it.
By the way, we got about 140 grand for Santa one.
And still these last couple of days.
I wouldn't be surprised if we wind up with everything totaled up.
Maybe 145, even 150.
Other time, everything is like all factored in there.
Wouldn't surprise me.
So nice going guys on the day of your daughter's wedding.
So we got let's see 13.
I think he was like fudging a little bit.
Maybe he knows Pudge Brown that Evans guy Dave Evans.
It was not one of the worst team this morning.
Probably more like 14,000 unsold seats for the game on.
And they've extended the deadline till tomorrow at 1230.
Little Vos says he thinks it'll be extended beyond that.
Do we agree with that?
No.
No, I don't think so.
I was the game of Saturday.
Why would they extend the deadline till 1230 on Friday?
Highly unlikely.
Unprecedented.
So that means if they don't sell another 12 or 13,000 tickets by 1230 tomorrow.
There's going to be no local TV for the offense bills game on Saturday.
A major major embarrassment in this big, big time sports town.
In fact, if you watched that, I watched about two minutes of that,
that the hurricane game last night.
That pool and weed wacker MCI.
Whatever the hell that thing was.
Bowl game.
In the claim that there were 44,000 people in there.
If so, there must have been about 10,000 of the skies as empty seats.
Because you could go bowling in the upper deck.
There was nobody at all in the upper deck.
And the lower bowl was like big patches of empty orange.
There must have been a lot of people dressed in orange there last night.
Because it was vacant.
So what's the excuse?
I guess the excuse is it's the homelace.
And a lot of people are out of town, right?
Could that possibly be part of it?
That could be it.
Or maybe the excuse is that it's just the usual bush leg town.
That could be it.
By the way, we own a apology to the entire community.
Although I had no control over it.
Yesterday we were doing the show and we were rolling long singing the song.
And then the one to two hour kind of hit a dead spot.
And I started thinking about it.
And I go and watch the news last night.
And I realized, as usual, since we operate here at a vacuum on this radio station,
I-95 was tied up for seven hours yesterday.
They had traffic backed up for miles and miles and miles and miles.
And I'm sitting here doing a radio show.
And we have a lot of people in this audience who listen to their radio,
who unfortunately have to be in their car, their truck, their van, their scooter,
whatever they're doing for their job or maybe they have a life, I don't know.
But I guarantee you, many of those people who are sitting there in 95 wondering,
don't they know anything about what's going on out here?
Are they going to give us any information?
No.
No.
Now we do have this, they believe, traffic service,
which I don't even know which one it is on this station.
Because I would have to listen in the morning to find out.
And I try to avoid that as much as possible.
Do we know what it is?
We don't know.
No.
No.
Okay, but anyway, so we got to come and bump that traffic.
What is it?
Metro traffic.
Oh, Metro traffic.
Now is that the one that Joe, what's his name is with?
Joe Brennan.
Yes, he was.
What do you mean he was?
He got canned.
Grimley says he still is.
Yeah.
Why are we- are we getting a ton of information from over there today or what?
Just like, like, barely got to squeeze it out of Joe over there this morning in the awards too.
So that's the one that Joe Brennan is with.
And of course, over the years, we know that what a bunch of losers they are to begin with.
And so, you know, in the past over this one year that we've been on this radio station and somehow survived it,
once in a great while.
I'm not going to say very often because we don't do traffic here in midday.
Because you know there's no big traffic.
There's just one more unneeded interruption, which we already got more than enough of those already.
But in the past a couple of times there have been those occasions.
I think like maybe twice in the last year when they've come on and said,
well, guess what?
There's a problem on the turnpike.
There's a problem over here on the Palmetto.
Please put it on the air.
Let your listeners find out what's going on.
Because yesterday when I came in here,
441 was all backed up.
I mean, it was- I get off the turnpike, off I was during the road.
I make my turn out to 441.
It's not even moving.
And I'm wondering to myself what the-
It's going on here, you know?
And now I realize that everybody was off in 95 because they were all taken 441 to go wherever they had to go.
So we apologize profusely, but do we have a like a-
Even a newswire?
No.
Do we have like any information unless it has to do with a ballgame or something and do with sniffing a jock strap?
We know nothing about it here on this radio station, okay?
If they're dropping bombs like I've told you to be-
I predicted this year ago when I came here.
If they're dropping nuclear weapons on homestead, would we know about it?
No.
Hey Joe Rosoli comes through.
I even had written that down.
Thank God!
Thank God for our good buddy, Joe Rosoli, from Roth Office Supply.
Yeah, we had a little bit of a problem here.
Again, another little insufficiency.
I don't want to belly it because we're certainly not as cheap as Clear Channel,
which I'll mention that we're concerned story again because it happens to be true and very, very sad.
The cheapest backdudes on the face of the earth buying up every station insight, Queer Channel Broadcasting.
So we even know the beesleaves are as tight as a snare drum,
not even the same league with Queer Channel.
But Joe Rosoli comes through with our 1999 calendar.
You know, those big planter calendars like you have to actually white something down on them.
So we have some idea of what's going on.
Because unfortunately for the rest of the staff,
the calendars like for the sales holes and all the other people around here,
they're not going to be into what?
You said February.
Till February.
Now they didn't say what year.
Maybe we have a Y99 problem here.
What channel is that? Y99, huh?
We got a little bit of a problem here.
We can't get the new calendars in quite a time.
So by February, maybe if they're lucky they'll have them.
But we got them now before we're right before the end of the year. Thanks to Joe Rosoli.
Nice going, Joe. God bless you.
And happy new year, et cetera and so on.
Eight minutes after 10, I want to get that thing on that was a great piece about Channel 4,
a scandal by Howard Beale.
I got to hear somewhere here it is.
And then of course we have to do the history of all the happy dances at the football games.
I'll let Jucke and Javan, I'll let the horrible crap that goes on.
That a lot of you pretend that you really think is entertaining.
And in the meantime, you're just sitting back there saying, hey, look at that nigger rack like a n-
You know, that's what it's all about.
It's embarrassing, it's humiliating.
And I keep trying to tell, oh, you poor black folks out there, stop letting white America continue, you know, keeping you under their thumb.
By participating and advocating and enthusiastically embracing behavior that makes people look like step-in-featured.
It's garbage, okay?
I don't want to pick a single anybody out.
We don't need any more apologies from Lamar Thomas or anybody else.
But the fact is, cut the crap already, okay?
It's got nothing to do there.
No separate culture for celebrating.
Like saying, oh, well, I'm driving, I'd be driving this way because we got a separate culture.
We'd be driving this way, okay?
You'd be driving lonely on the road, but I'd be in the other lane.
Okay, that's a cultural thing.
Is anybody believe that?
No.
Of course not.
But in any way, don't go getting all worked up about it.
It's the 30th of December.
We got it.
We got it linked one year to the day.
Look at the phones.
They're lighting up like crazy, aren't they?
No.
Happy anniversary, Neil.
One year on Q&A.
They said it couldn't be done.
Sports radio, 560 QAF.
Oh, it's a good deal.
Look at New York Times once dubbed as approaching humorous.
Mark Russell.
Well, as you know, the commander-in-chief has been accused of being caught with his pants down.
Shall we say?
So, I wrote this little song about it.
And it goes something like this.
The president and the intern.
The president and the intern.
He'll magically protest pants on the president and the intern.
Mark Russell, did you talk political commentary in 20 original songs that all sound exactly like that?
She went to get a job.
She went to get a job.
Kelly will wake up, Milton, when she went to ask for a job.
Mark Russell, why?
This week on TVS.
For a guy who doesn't sit down when he plays the piano, he is pretty funny.
Bill Clinton likes morals, thanks.
Bill Clinton likes morals, thanks.
Did I mention he likes morals, thanks.
Bill Clinton likes morals, thanks.
Thank you.
Oh, what a crowd.
Oh, what a laugh of minute.
Now, he is the worst.
10, 14, 5, 60, WQM.
Here's a fact from Bill, who says happy one year anniversary, etc.
And so on.
Thanks a lot, Bill.
Here's another fact.
This is more out of town scores.
Please don't have scoreboard there.
It's a Panther game instead of showing all those idiots constantly up so they can see themselves
on the scoreboard up there at generalized.
Let's see the out of town scores instead of just between the periods.
Actually, for a while, they're there.
I think they lost their minds for about one or two games and actually we're showing them up there in the corners, all through the game.
So we won't see that anymore because let's face it.
If you're not interested in the local score, why in the world would you be interested in the out of town scores?
In other words, there are no fans here anyway.
But I'm not going to go back into that again.
That's my New Year's resolution.
Forget it because they don't care.
That's one of the least interested things of anything in the world in this town is the little hockey scene.
They don't know about it.
They don't care about it.
And I keep trying to convince myself of that and it makes me want to cry.
So anyway, how would be, or whatever this guy's real name is, in the city link, December 23rd, a week ago, writes in MediaWatch.
Here's Mutton Uri.
CBS's Glory Days in South Florida are long since over.
As WFOR continues its downward slide.
There was a time not so long ago when the Columbia Broadcasting System was reverent as the one that emulates and television news.
From the early days of scratchy black and white images to more recent times, the satellite images bounced around the globe and from planet to planet working for CBS meant adhering to a code of ethics, loyalty and journalism.
In South Florida, CBS television once meant Ralph Redneck followed by Walter Cronkider, Dan Radler, solid community reporting and a disdain for reaching into the snake well pits of flash and trash newscasting.
Welcome to the latter stages of the 20th century, Alice.
This certainly isn't your father's CBS and I'm the anymore and to be fair, it shouldn't be.
The technology of news gathering and reporting is advanced so far and so fast in the last decade where used to be the prominent source, preeminent source of televised information would now be looked upon as video dinosaur bones, progress and all that you understand.
But what CBS has accomplished here in South Florida certainly has never been done before by any other corporate owner of any of the other top or 20 rated markets.
Beginning with a purchase of then independent WCIX Channel 6, continuing with a great signal swap of NBC and becoming WFOR Channel 4, ending with a recent and still pending personnel changes, CBS has made history.
They have single handedly created the most annoying, least creative, uninformative, poorly staff, badly managed news station in the history of television.
Hands down, no question and those are the good points.
Let's begin with the signal swap. When NBC bought WTBG and Miami, CBS execs in New York City, Panicked, realizing they had to do something or surrender the potentially lucrative market to the competition.
Their only alternative was to buy WCIX Channel 6, which was expected but had an audience limited limiting weak signal.
Making a very long and convoluted story short, CBS coughed up millions of dollars to swap Channel 6 for NBC Channel 4 and renamed the station WFOR.
CBS officials coveted the deal as a major coup, they couldn't lose management scheme.
Lose they did in the most embarrassing manner, Channel 4 has never made a consistent profit for CBS and while experiencing brief moments of success as slipped into the television never-world of rarely ever being a newscast rating contender.
All this while those groups from NBC who took the CBS cash and ran with a rotten signal, filled the ranks with Channel 6 with well-known faces and black and CBS's eye on an almost daily basis.
CBS made every mistake possible in those early days. The most damaging was Jettisoning veteran anchor Barbara Sloan.
Never flashy but always a solid reporter. While station officials denied it, most believed she was bounced for being too old and not fitting the station's new flashier image.
Sloan and many others who replaced with a seemingly never-ending stream of Ken and Barbie types and stick artists who are now featured on tapes used by broadcast instructors to vividly illustrate what never did to the show.
In the past, the show was a very rare thing to do in television news. Most of them thankfully have forever faded from memory.
Fast forward to the painful present where Channel 4's losing money hand over fist, credibility ratings are plummeting and morale is only slightly higher than death row before the juices turned on.
CBS wheels in New York are tied of shelling out huge vux-ray huge failure and decide something must be done quickly.
In walks Mel Carmesen, the former head of infinity broadcasting, considered one of the two visionaries in broadcasting.
Then again, everyone in the industry knows visionaries usually managers speak for hatchet wielding bloodless assassin who knows the only way to make real money is to treat workers like the Pharaoh treated slaves.
Everyone from the top down at WFOR shutters when the announcement is made. Everyone.
General manager Alan Shaqlin, his days are numbered. Shaqlin managed to survive in the sea of red ink since the early days of CBS purchase are promising ownership that things will get better.
They don't of course. He's about to get bounced when he announces he's leading to spend more time with his family.
Weeks later, he accepts a position at a TV station at Atlanta.
Yes, the family didn't look so good when viewed up close and personal. Then having escaped with a tidy buyout didn't hurt either.
Carmesen installed Steve Maulden as the new general manager and staffers know the station will soon start resembling a Marie Antoinette spirit reunion with hedge rolling factor than they could be blow dried.
This is great. This is one of the great columns and of course it has to be in city length that nobody reads.
From the outset Maulden proves once again that television means never having to say you've learned your lesson.
With ratings dropping CBS swings the accident and hits sportscaster turn lead anchor Cambrale Marshall.
Granted, Marshall will never be mistaken for red Bradley, but he was known for his exhaustive efforts to aid the community, never turning down the opportunity to help.
Marshall is considered by those who know him to be a rarity in television, truly down to earth, unimpressed with the celebrity status, a really nice guy, which means he has no future in current television.
Marshall wasn't the problem at WFOR, everything and everyone else around him is the problem, but like a GM or a head coach someone had to be fired as an example of the save some execs Tony Belone job.
Co-anchor Anne Roberts who could never be mistaken for a bimbo style female anchor instead has alienated viewers and co-workers alike with a true lack of any talent or personality.
The Barbie Rule at WFOR is currently held by anchor Jennifer Gould, Ken Rosado was the perfect Ken to Gould's Barbie, fake smile, well practiced cliches, body English by Sega, and completely unable to deliver even the slightest line without if you were wondering if the lights are truly on behind the facade.
Once the savior of thousands from Hurricane Andrew, Brian Norcross has now become an embarrassment.
Having a clause inserted in his contract upon leaving Channel 6 that allowed him to anchor newscast, Norcross has proven aligned spoken by Clint Eastwood in one of those dirty hairy movies, a man's got to know his limitations.
Norcross doesn't know his, but we can tell him if he's interested. Float back over to that weather map Brian.
Sports anchor Jim Berry has become the single greatest example of stuff a grandizing self-serving egotistical television boars.
Is that having one thing since being dumped in Chicago? Berry has only managed to keep from being considered the worst sports catcher at the station because Joseph Gacky works there as well.
Is this incredible or a...
Okay, when Denver Broncos running back to Ralph Davis recently made an appearance on Sesame Street and was doing the alphabet with a Muppets, Berry couldn't resist once again making sure he was the center of attention.
Editors took that resettle of the alphabet and spliced together Davis spelling out J-I-M-B-R-R-Y.
One can only hope that after the grim reaper comes calling, Jim Henson welcomes Berry to the next world by beating him senseless with a used Miss Piggy doll.
And now comes word that Shannon High has been hired as news director. A former associate producer at the station, most recently assistant news director at Channel 7, most expect high to assume the role of a hatchet woman.
She's expected to carry out the mandate from chromosome to record greater profits by cutting salaries and finding followers instead of leaders, actors instead of journalists.
Rumble has it, Berry should worry about a new contract, perhaps nurcross as well. Several defections have been recorded in the front office recently and there are plenty more to come as people realize what the future holds at Channel 4.
Maybe Leonardo DiCaprio can play General Manager Maldon in the movie.
One of the great articles in the history of this town by Howard Beale, bar sure wish he had a real name at CityLink Magazine.
And right on target from what I understand, the circus over there.
Okay, let's delve into these calls, such as the ever got a couple of them on the board and I want to talk about all the juken and jyvin and the high step and the dirty bird and the funky chicken and the California quake.
Oh yeah, we got to get into the history of that.
Here's a, what is it? Mobile and Port St. Lucy, hello.
Good morning, Neil.
Yes, sir.
All right, long time no speak.
First of all, I don't know if you watched last night's the Murkung game.
No.
Okay, well, I was...
Talk about 30 seconds just to see what the crowd was, it was pretty weak.
Well, the crowd was pretty weak, but they played a hell over game.
Yeah, who cares?
And one thing overall that I noticed was, most of the guys, I don't know what the college teams regulations are.
When they sort of touchdowns, anything goes, doing that dirty dog or the dirty bird or whatever.
Yeah.
And they've been in pretty good sales recently.
So it looked like, uh, I got a little bit of a sign line and beat up some of the cheerleaders, probably with their girlfriends, I don't know, I didn't see it.
Well, I think so. I don't know if they still do that.
But, you know, as a college level, I didn't get so seen a little bit more, uh, control over the play.
Yeah, because it's prohibited by the rules. They can't do that.
Because they get the flag forth for excessive celebration, that's right.
Well, you know, I noticed that they did give them a penalty, like, uh, 50 or 10, I think it was during the third quarter for one of the teams that's something like, uh, out of the ordinary.
And, uh, you know, I guess I said they got to keep implementing those rules that way they can control them.
Yeah.
Another thing is that you, uh, the Blake family was there last night and they were interviewing them.
I believe a Brian blade was there.
Yeah.
Uh, and, uh, it was like, it looked like you never committed a crime.
Yeah.
And, uh, you probably have a couple of drinks with his old buddy, Dennis Derrickson.
He's got a lot of time on his hands.
Another probably a remiss of about all time.
Okay.
There's probably one in high and jumping faster. How's it the other way around?
I want to wish you a happy anniversary.
And for your one year of W2 AM.
And if I, it's not too much to ask, I would like to give you a little request about, you got one bit about, uh, Snickers and the looker.
You know what I'm talking about?
Snickers and the hooker.
Hi, I'm a whore or some of that.
Hi, I'm a whore. Okay, I'll work on it.
Hey, happy new year.
Happy new year, pal. Good.
Hi.
Okay. Hi, I'm a whore.
Okay, we got one call on the board here today. Happy anniversary, Neil.
Thank you.
56670560, pound 560 on a mobile one line.
Wow.
Here's the lady in Miramar.
Hello.
Hey, good morning, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
I was wondering, could you play the silence of the lamb bit?
No.
That was no lady.
That was a kid.
That was a little kid, wasn't it?
Was a lady?
Okay, that's it.
That's her calls for the day.
So I'm going to do this thing after the break.
I'll do the thing about the funky chicken and the dirty bird.
And then we'll play the record rest of the day and then I got all day tomorrow.
Wow.
You could knock me over with a feather duster right now.
Goes to show you never expect anything from the South Florida audience.
And then you'll be, uh, then you'll really get what you expect.
That's right.
56670560, pound 560 on a mobile one line.
They are dead as a door, Neil, baby.
Better than a proverbial goddamn door.
Well, it's New Year's Eve coming up tomorrow.
Okay?
We got a lot of stuff to worry about here.
We got a lot of important crap going on.
Okay?
We don't have time to talk to some fat Jew Fag on a radio.
We celebrate in one year on QA and we resent the fact that he's down there.
Anyway, oh, by the way, speaking of who's on.
Hank continues on vacation today.
Bill Zimfer.
I looked at the schedule.
I almost peed in my pants.
Bill Zimfer is going to be on here at two o'clock from two to six villain for Hank today,
which I find most bizarre.
And then six o'clock we got Josh Friedman for an hour kind of killing some time in there.
And the seven o'clock to pregame with Gildi because we got the panthers and the penguins in Pittsburgh tonight.
Gonna be watching that, anybody?
No.
I didn't think so.
I will.
26 after 10 at 560 WQM when you're...
Oh my god, your breath, the beautiful.
We were having alien anal probe.
You've ever been impregnated by a creature from a far off galaxy.
The only thing you took away from the experience was a strange rash in that chip that's still in your brain.
Why'd you like to pick up a nice lump of cash the next time an intergalactic traveler decides to pick you up?
Well, now you can with abduction insurance.
You've heard the crazy farmers and low-rend white trash talk about it.
So you know it's true.
Alien abductions do happen.
And now for the first time in the history of mankind, you can actually benefit from your next abduction.
Just pass a little bit each month and the next time you take a little trip, come back to Earth and show us that chip in your head.
Or the rod in your ass.
And the claim is as good as yours.
Abduction insurance. Sign up today and get free as a bonus.
A meteorite proof from Brella. Just in case.
10.30 to 5.60 W.Q.M.O.
The main reason that that column was so great that I read by Howard Beale.
In fact, the best thing since he said...
Prime Minister Madden Hill, I just couldn't take this anymore.
Oh!
...was because it said something.
Not just because it ripped in.
I mean, because all the ripping was very accurate right on target.
But because here's somebody that actually wrote a column and said something.
Oh!
Which is such a rarity in this town.
Even on the worst thing this morning, they were talking about how Eddie the Pope and his columns lately becoming more and more incoherent.
Not that they were ever any good.
And you read it and you wonder what is he writing this for?
What is it that he's trying to say?
Can anybody figure it out?
No.
Does anybody want to figure it out?
No.
By the way, it got me a... that thing with the toilet seat.
Everything turns into a major project.
I went to Builder Square over there right by the sawgrass, which is right by my house.
And you know, that's definitely going to happen in here.
I walk up to the place and the first bad oldman was they have all these big signs
passing all over the front of the joint that say,
close out, going out of business, everything must go.
And of course, the problem is when you go into a home depot where Builder Square one of those places
that they're so gigantic and huge.
You know?
Remember the old days you'd go into a supermarket?
I think Grand Union used to do it.
Maybe that's why they're out of business.
And there used to be on the front.
Why did they're front of the store?
They used to be like a big directory.
And like if you were looking for like toilet paper, you looked up there, toilet paper,
Al 7.
You wanted this spaghetti sauce.
Spaghetti, yeah, yeah.
I'll six, whatever it was.
And you go into these gigantic places.
Is there such a thing anywhere around?
No.
So I'm wandering around, wandering around, and some guy who's a listener.
I need a how-how-I-SNA, great, you know, where, where are they?
I'm going to find toilet seats.
Oh, all right.
There's not a very good selection left.
There's not too many left, but they're in the aisle 14.
Because this place is going out of business.
They're selling everything out.
Why would builders swear to be going out of business there?
Hold the deep hose.
Oh, a lot of business.
Like I said, hold the deep hose, putting them out of business.
Just like that came out, it'll be going pretty soon too.
Because Walmart's going to, well, I'll get to Walmart in a minute.
So anyway, I'd go over there.
I'll 14.
I look and here's where they used to be evidently once upon a time a whole lot of toilet seats.
And there's, you know, a smattering of toilet seats there.
But they all of them say regular bowl.
And then I find a box that says elongated bowl.
And I thought, oh, here we go.
And I pull the box forward.
And it's a blue toilet seat.
What shade of blue?
Baby blue.
Powder blue.
A blue toilet seat.
Now, in my case, I guess it couldn't hurt my image, and you okay?
But am I ready quite yet at this stage of my life for a blue toilet seat?
No.
And of course, that's why I was still there.
Then they have wooden toilet seats.
Now, the last thing I need is to have, you know, wood in my rectum, right?
Okay.
But why would anybody get a wooden, because first of all, wood, especially down here in South Florida, you know, with a humidity?
Wood rocks.
Oh, excuse me.
I've got a little rectum problem.
So to make a long story short, after wasting all my time wandering about 500 yards with the white,
with the space there in Goddamn, Builder Square, I walk out of there with this guy to look on him.
I post like, forget about this, because then they got crap.
So now I go over to Walmart, which is right next door.
I figure, you know, a K-Mart didn't have what I wanted, but Walmart is certainly a step above K-Mart.
Isn't it like a half a step?
A little quarter of a step.
Oh, excuse me.
Let me get this splinter out of my rectum.
But at any rate, so I go in here, and I look around and sure enough within the matter of moments,
I find a guy with the outfit on.
I say, hey, can tell me where I find the toilet seats.
Go to the red line and make a right.
Didn't even look up.
Go to the, okay, I go to the red line and make a right there they are.
And you know what, I look at them and they're all like little baby toilet seats for little baby toilets.
And people with little small baby rectums, I guess.
But just as I'm ready to walk out and I'm thinking,
she's not going to have to go to another place to get a goddamn toilet seat.
I mean, why should you have to spend this much effort?
And I look down there on the bottom, kind of off in the corner.
And here's two of them that say for full, for elongated bull.
It's got like a sticker on the front of it for elongated bull.
And sure enough, I, you know, there was like a selection of colors white or white.
Yeah, that was the selection of colors.
Either a white one or a white one.
So I got a white one for what?
What, what, what are I going to do?
Am I going to, you know, this isn't something I'm going to spend my whole life on, okay?
So for $16.99, I get me a white toilet seat.
And I take it home.
And of course, the toilet is not white.
The toilet is like beige, almond, whatever they call it, you know.
And most houses in apartments, they got like either white or almond or,
and real fancy, schmancy place black maybe for like refrigerated.
It's almond.
So I put the thing on there and I scoot all in.
And it fits, it's lovely, but it looks, you know, looks a little goofy.
A white toilet seat on an almond toilet.
But I got me a toilet seat.
Oh!
No, no, seriously.
So what I'm going to do is when I have some time, I'll figure out, I guess I'll go to Home Depot.
Would that be the logical move?
That'll be my next, it'll only be a tense, that process, getting your guy to the toilet seat.
And I'll go over to Home Depot.
I'll mose you on over there.
And I'll see if they have like any elongated, in an almond color, one that actually matches the bowl itself.
And I'll take this one, I'll do the same I did with the first one and throw it away.
Oh, you're not going to take it back?
No, I'm not.
No.
So that'll be $27 worth of toilet seats that I will have thrown out.
Huh?
Hey, listen, when you got it, easy, come, easy, go.
Okay, I'm not going to take it back.
I'd rather throw it in the dumpster than take it back.
I would say anything under $20.
If I buy something under $20, and if it doesn't work out, I just toss it.
And I'm not going to take it back and go standing online and go through a big swan in the dance like those jackasses that go to Eckerds and stand online and make everybody else's life miserable for refunds.
Can't do it.
So the mystery of the toilet seat is solved if that's taken care of.
There's one.
Let's take a call in mobile in Coconut Creek.
Hello?
Hey, Neil, how you doing today?
Hey, listen, I'm a kitchen designer at Home Depot.
It's funny you were just talking about that.
Yeah.
And one I wanted to say happy new year to you.
Your show is a great show.
I really enjoyed the show.
Great service to this community, no matter what that little tour of Buddy Nevin says.
Hey, listen, what you were saying about the Boulder Square, they are going up because we're buying them all out.
Yeah.
Okay.
But couldn't you have waited another month or two so they had a better selection of toilets?
Sorry.
But listen, here's my guaranteed promise to, if you were to ever come over to my store, I'm at the Copen store.
Copen's in 95.
Oh, no chance.
No.
No.
Just listen.
Yeah.
Here's my promise to you, if you ever come over here and you need any help whatsoever, you come to see David in the kitchen department.
Yeah.
I'll personally walk you around the store and service anything that you need.
You'll service me in the store, yeah.
Well, I don't know about you.
I have a guy that maybe will service you, but I don't know.
It wasn't a long-gated bull.
It wasn't a long-gated foul.
Uh-huh.
Alrighty.
Well, there's nothing wrong with having something along you to do, but it's not the bull ahead mine.
Okay, David, have a great new year.
Yeah, thank you, you too.
I'll be seeing you real soon up there on Copen's Road, won't I?
No.
Okay, we have an open line of day one and an hour, five, six, seven.
Also, the other thing I want to get to an assistant's on today since these people are like pretty boring.
I want to find out about my passport because the people from the passport office in Miami a few months ago,
sent me the renewed by mail thing.
I don't want to renew my passport by mail.
I want to go over to my mailbox, place and get a couple of passport photos, and then go like,
there are within the first week of the new year, meaning next week one day, I want to go over and do it in person and get my passport renewed immediately,
because it's not something that I feel comfortable kneeling off and waiting for it to come back to the new one,
because of the way things are going in this country right now, you have to keep your passport,
you have to be clutching it at all times, you have to have it in your hand as much as possible in your passport, too.
Okay, so maybe we'll get some advice on that, because I don't even know where to go anymore,
because when I originally got my first passport, it was in Hollywood somewhere, a Hollywood post office,
I don't know where, I don't even know where I have no idea.
But somebody will know, some ace out there will know the information, because I'm not going to mail it,
and I appreciate the fact that you sent me all that stuff to mail it in, I know you can do it, I'm not going to do that.
I want to go down here, get it right in my fat little hand.
22 before 11 at 560, WQA, and...
Where did you find it, Kaplan? Right where you got it?
Sports radio, 560, QAF.
You get a lot of things.
Fire!
You're a Roger's R-Sports whole radio, WQAF.
Next time on Martha Stewart Living, Martha gets busy with Hank, the lawn man.
Now we'll head out to the West lawn. Hank's been trimming around my hedges for several years now,
and today he's going to show us the perfect way to think of post.
I'm just starting to go with Cedar Post.
That's a nice, sturdy post, Hank.
Well, thanks, Mrs. Stewart. First, you make sure your holes all say, oh, it is, Hank.
Then you slide, you post in, and begin packing it in good.
Keep her, Hank. Keep her.
Trying to hear Mrs. Stewart, the next time for Martha Stewart Living.
Okay, 1042. 1042.
I have 550 WQM Bill Zimprobe for Hank.
He's working hard in New York with Martha, I guess.
Here's North Miami. Hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Hi, Neil. How are you?
Great, happy New Year.
Thank you, St. Pee, which is one of the reasons why I called you.
I have for months of y'all. I come down every winter.
And I wanted to wish you a happy anniversary, because I recall last year having heard you,
and I thought you were one of the most refreshing, and delightful people have had the pleasure of listening to it in my life.
Well, that's what Dick Irving Jr. says. He's my number one fan, by the way.
I guess he is.
Yes, he is.
I wish you were syndicated in Canada.
So do I. I'd be big in Toronto.
The frogs in Montreal might not like me too much. I'd be big in Toronto, eh?
Well, I'll tell you what, Neil. The only reason why Stern was removed from the air in Montreal was it was all politics.
They said it was because Fox had a neighboring station coming in every Saturday night.
B.S., they had a lot of nonsense going on versus the French, and they were sort of thing.
But in the end, they didn't have to pull them off the air.
And I think that you're a much better...
I think they took them off in Montreal because he spoke English.
I think that would happen. That's all you need to do.
No, true. As a matter of fact, Neil, it's a very unknown fact.
But Jeff is Montreal is the second largest French-speaking city in the entire world.
Would you believe it's also the second largest English-speaking city in Canada?
So you know what? There's plenty of room for everybody irrespective of the problems.
I think you're one of the most knowledgeable people that I've had the pleasure of listening to,
and you're also surprisingly knowledgeable when it comes to hockey.
Well, what do you mean surprisingly, Neil?
It's more than the American.
It's just that official hockey.
And I think you're probably more knowledgeable and most Canadian people when it comes to that.
Well, now you're getting carried away.
No, I'm serious, Neil.
I listen to... We have a show in Montreal on the radio station CICUC AM600, Mitch Mellick.
And he's well aware of what you're all about.
And he enjoys you furthermore. I pick you up on the internet every day between 10 and 2.
Excellent.
Well, also we're going to be having a say on to Danny Galavan a little bit later on today.
Oh my god.
Danny's going to be on the radio.
And also Bill Huitt's going to be on Foster Huitt's going to be in one or two hour, yeah.
Neil, I just wanted to say Danny Galavan will probably along with Foster Huitt go down and probably use already immortalized in the anals of hockey descriptions.
We've enjoyed him way back when, and although I'll tell you, I lost interest in terms of attending games because the places are just unapportable.
Neil, you can go to the Moshe Center, which is a replacement of the old form.
And I promise you, for two people, to park the car, have a little snack and sit down and sit in the top seats.
You're talking between two and two fifty for a night. That's an alien, but still too.
Especially for all those teeth problems, they won't put up the gun.
Well, wait till you see the new air Canada Center, by the way, it's beautiful.
Looks right on the outside. I haven't seen the inside yet.
Well, you know what's funny? They say it's going to replace a monumental place in Maple Leaf Gardens and probably will.
But you know what, Neil? The truth is I was there last year. It was a barn.
It wasn't like the form. The form had been refurbished.
What was a barn? The Maple Leaf Gardens?
Oh my God. I can't believe you said that. I go there all the time.
So it is not a barn. It's still got all. I can't believe you said that.
Now you're letting your allegiance get in your cloud.
I don't know what I was at. Maple Leaf Gardens is the greatest place in the world.
Neil, were you ever after refurbished for my favorite?
I've never been to Montreal. I don't go. There are too many fronds there.
Neil, the truth of the matter is I won't go into the whole politics.
You're closing, yes.
But I will tell you this much.
The growth of a corporate entity of Canada, but Montreal is still, it's like comparing...
I guess that people are feeling out of there like they got bad B.O.
Which I think they will.
Have a great New Year, pal.
Neil, all the day after reaching Hollywood.
Thank you very much. Get out of here.
Oh my God. Maple Leaf Gardens is a barn this man.
Oh Jesus. Well, it's no macarena. I'll tell you that.
Can't even cover up the goal lights there. When a goal scored, you actually see the goal light come on here.
Maple Leaf Gardens. What's wrong with those bastards?
Where we going? I can't believe. How did I leave him on that long when he was ripping Maple Leaf Gardens?
Here's a mobile in Fort Pierce. Hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Congratulations on your year.
Thank you. It's one year today.
December 30th.
I want time really flew by. Do you believe that?
Yeah, I got a take on this ticket situation.
On the dolphin tickets?
Yeah, I am.
On the 13,000 seats that still aren't sold out.
And people are calling. Well, they got him in the upper corner.
You know, I mean, what kind of lane crap is that?
Well, you know, the year morning guys have just spin-masters, I think, for the dolphins' organizations anyway.
But they were, I went through Jacksonville.
They didn't have a spin-it.
The tickets there are playoff tickets, a regular price.
Get that regular price.
No, no, no.
The league, the league, your answer, the league. In fact, I heard Dave Evans under this morning.
The league sets the prices for the playoff tickets.
You believe that guy?
Yes. I don't.
But.
What do you mean you don't? How could he come on the ear?
How could he go on the ear and say that if it weren't true?
I mean, I know people lie through their teeth. But how could he make a statement like that if it weren't true?
The league sets the prices for playoff games.
Well, how come Jacksonville was regular price?
You know, there's got to be, there's something going on here.
You know, high-zinga must be tight for money.
But I, you know, the other challenge is going to be...
The other challenge is going to be...
The things are really tough at the high-pinga house.
He may not be able to have a New Year's Eve party this year, things are so tight.
He may have to go over to Buddy Nevin's house and celebrate.
You got to try some hair transplant, man.
Yeah.
You know, hey, but anyways, no, yeah, in Buffalo, you're...
Maybe he's got wooden splinters in his back, though.
That could be his problem.
Yeah.
Buffalo for their big game against the Jets two weeks ago.
Yeah.
There was about the same number of seats left.
And I challenged Wayne and I, Zinga just like Ralph Wilson did.
He bought up.
Yes, I saw that.
I saw that. And by the way, speaking of that, I want to tell people that have the small dish.
If you want to learn what a real great sports TV network is, watch Channel 313, watch Empire, watch Fan TV on there, watch the job that they do before the Sabers game.
I mean, that is a great, great sports network, Empire in Buffalo.
My robot guy is very good.
Right.
You know Mike, right?
I don't know him, but I know who he is, of course.
I mean, he talks, he'll come down in the organization now like these butt kickers down here, you know?
I will say one thing for my robot guy is better. He got better lips than Luke.
Hey, I got a question for you.
He'll let those fog lips.
Yes, sir.
Oh, he ain't no real.
Was he born with a frown on his face or is that just after every play from Scrimitz?
That's after he looks over and sees that Jimmy Johnson's the coach he starts from.
And have a great New Year pal, huh?
Oh, gee, they just spilled water all over the place.
Well, most of these last couple of calls.
I almost got it.
I got my finger on the, don't worry about it.
Okay, I'll take care of it.
I got lots and lots of towels here.
Relax.
It's our one year anniversary.
I'll get a little bit to excited.
What?
No, I did not spill it in the board.
I spilled it off to the side.
See, I'm not like what's his name there.
You're good friends. Steve Noesring.
Wasn't Steve Noesring?
That's still all the stuff in the board there.
No wonder they're a golf doctor pepper.
Yeah, but big, a big golf doctor pepper.
No wonder it's broken.
It's like poison, huh?
Now, she hates everybody.
Well, that's always somebody else's fault.
Maybe that's why her show sucks, though, man, because everybody else in the world makes
her show suck.
Makes her sound like a jappy obnoxious yenta from New York, with that phony put on thing
of hers, okay?
So the Rick and Fred's story, I hope you're spreading the word about that, because it's not a story.
It happens to be true.
And by the way, I don't tell that I don't tell you that story with any great, with any degree
of enthusiasm, because I wish them only the best of luck.
They're good guys, even Rick.
And I wish them all the luck in the world.
And of course, being locked in there with queer channel, they'll need it.
And being involved in any way, shape, or form with Pete Bouldier.
See, let me just tell you this.
Here's a message for Rhonda Wolfe over there, queer channel, okay?
Rhonda, I know you like me a lot.
You respect my talent.
You kiss my ass if I could work over there.
But the fact that you got a guy like Peter Bouldier is your henchman.
This tells me that you, you know, you guys over there haven't got a clue.
In addition to what she does make any difference anyway.
Because every queer channel station in America blows.
They haven't got one good station on here in the country because they all are cheap.
They put all this syndicated garbage on there.
They got Dr. Laura.
They got fat ass on there.
And that's it.
That's all they know is syndicated.
And anybody that they are paying money for the rights to their shows, they're trying to go
to them down to a lower number anyway.
So they can give you all a big song and a dance and all the flash that they want.
But the fact is it's a real cheap best outfit that even makes beasley read look like the lack of the big spenders and that.
Doing that is almost impossible.
No, seriously, we never believe that that could be possible.
Clear channel, cheap obnoxious, destroying people's lives.
And what did I tell?
What did I go on here and say three, four years ago when I started when the FTC relaxed the rules.
And they allowed just a handful of companies to buy up all the stations.
I said it would be bad for the people in a business and would even even be worse for the audience.
No more creativity, no more originality, no more paying people a big bucks to bring in some serious talent.
Now let's just open up a pot and put some syndicated crap on there and see how many spots we can sell.
And that's what it's all about.
Here's a mobile in North Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yes, I am.
How are you doing?
Great.
Good.
Love you, show.
Happy anniversary.
And the same views, sir.
Happy New Year.
Happy anniversary, whenever that case.
Hey, I just want to tell you about that builder square that totally made me laugh because that place deserves to go out of business.
That is the worst store you ever go to.
Not just because they're going out of business.
No, you mean that particular one or all?
No, that particular one.
Nobody knows they're asking them a whole new ground in that place.
You couldn't get a straight answer out of anything.
It's a good thing I ran into that one guy who knew me in the place because if I went to run into him, I think I'd still be walking around.
You can't find anything in there.
It's just a mammoth junkyard.
You must better go into the home depot anyway.
Okay.
Throw the toilet.
Maybe I know how people collect stamps and coins.
Maybe I should just start collecting toilet seats.
Oh, you make me laugh.
Because if I could go back in the dumpster, I got the original one that's real.
I got the one that I, a little baby, when I bought a cameart.
I got the one from Walmart.
That's three.
When I get my new one, I'll have four.
If you're not too many other people in America, you have four toilet seats for the same toilet.
I just pictured you down there changing the seat.
That made me laugh.
You down on the other hand and knees in your bathroom changing the rim.
Believe me, after somebody shows some days, I go into bathroom and I'm on my hands and knees all right.
Listen, have a great new year pal.
You too.
See you.
Bye.
Okay, we have an open line and day one in Broward.
Bye.
Like today.
It's our one year anniversary on this station.
I don't know any words all our friends today.
Happy anniversary, Neil.
We love it by that's it.
That's all it takes.
They don't care enough to send their very best to send their very worth to take one moment
out of their busy busy day.
They're not busy doing anything in this town.
See, that's the excuse.
Oh, well, I'm so busy.
I don't have time.
Doing what?
Doing what?
Going to the saw-granting.
How many illegal aliens just came in on a bus?
Don't tell me you're busy doing something in this town.
There's nothing to do here.
You play golf.
You play tennis.
You play tennis.
You play golf.
You go to the saw-grants.
You go to a ball game.
Not that you have any interest.
But at least it's getting out of the house.
That's it.
You go to South Beach and get stone.
You watch the drug addicts posing down there.
That's it.
Oh, well, we're hanging out at Cocoa Walk.
Great.
That's pretty exciting.
Oh, man.
And what's that plastic place up there in Bokorak and everything of the name of?
What is that damn place up there where there always, uh, whatever that place is?
It's another restaurant.
It's another one of these joints.
What is it?
In Bokorak?
You don't know either.
You never know.
I always ask you this and you never know.
Don't go to the Bokorak.
Well, I don't either, but there's a place up there.
Don't you remember David Day of Paramedic?
Remember him?
I remember him.
I haven't heard from him in a long time.
Is he going to call wish me a happy anniversary?
No.
Of course not.
How about a Roberto who disappeared?
We're going to hear from him?
No.
Did I say any lady?
No.
Is he?
No.
Abandoned like a goddamn stepchild.
That's Neil Rogers, man.
And we still keep fighting the good fight and plug it along and pressing on.
And it's vital the fact that they abandon you like you got the kudis or something.
Maybe there's kudis on my toilet seat.
That could be it.
I got an almond bowl and a white toilet seat.
In fact, wasn't that a song by Marty Robbins, a white something like that?
Here's a mobile and sunrise.
Hello?
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Hey, hi.
Good morning.
Happy New Year.
And happy birthday to me.
And happy birthday to your birthday today?
Yes, sir.
Well, how do you like that?
And I got your tapes and they were great.
Great.
And the answer to your question is, your city hall and plantation does passports now.
It's not on paper.
Yeah, there was not on paper about two or three weeks ago back about it.
Are you serious?
Serial.
Now, how does that do you have any idea how that works if I get my past, if I take my present passport
and I got my new passport photos, can I go in there and get it like in one day?
I think I have no idea.
I saw it in the paper because I knew you had mentioned the fact about four months ago that was coming up.
Right.
And I was, you know, I read the paper and I said it because I know they opened up, they got one up here and brow it somewhere.
Then I saw that in the paper.
Excellent.
Thanks for the good news.
All right.
Thank you.
Okay, there you go.
There's the guy that's got some information that I want.
I can go and get my new passport.
That cares you for another 10 years.
Oh, boy, I'll tell you any of you walking around out there without a passport.
Well, you must be crazy.
You must be out of your mind.
Your life must be on delay as in Tom delay from Texas.
Okay, you must be on slow delay because the Nazis are coming.
Maybe you can hear them marching in the goose stepping.
Maybe that's just the food on the way.
Speaking of food, it's our one year anniversary.
Anybody offer any food yet?
No.
Huh?
I mean, Joe Rosoli came by.
Thank God somebody still loves us now.
You know, South Falcon was here a couple of days ago.
He brought us a lot more solely water and all that extra virgin olive oil and all good stuff.
South still loves us.
Joe Falcone still loves us over there.
And we're off office supply.
We brought us all our new plan or calendars for the coming year.
How many do you bring by the way?
Excellent.
Boy, what a great guy he is.
Also brought me a couple of new pens.
Keeps trying to spedily that I, you know, they are the I thing, the operation.
What do they call it?
Radio carototomy.
I don't know.
Laser surgery.
Laser surgery.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah, you can throw away those glasses.
You can get yourself, you know.
And the meantime, I've got this, this flu virus that's been going around.
I take my temperature.
It's normal, but it feels like you've ever had that where your skin feels warm.
And you go like got achy, achy, breaky joints.
Little flu virus.
It's just, it's just enough to be annoying.
Not enough to go to the doctor.
Not enough to take anything.
But just enough to be annoying.
It's kind of a good way to say goodbye to this goddamn year of 1998.
What a year this was, huh?
What, huh?
Well, it had, it was, it had its ups and downs.
Had a bunch of Nazis running around talking about blow jobs and stains on blue dresses and all this bull crap.
And that come to find out the Nazis were busy screwing their brains out too.
As if that was some big surprise.
1057 at 560 WQM.
Bill's them for Frank Goldberg today from 2 to 6.
I knew you would know who that is.
No.
The Neil Roger show now on 560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale.
This is the Neil Roger show.
This is your brain.
Any questions?
You get up every autumn when the leaves danger.
Forget yourself 5,000 in any green.
When the flow and leaves the fallin' out of jobs to the US call.
And so that you can get your love that book is free.
Then it takes so much time and it's over till it's defined.
You steal it so you're back to my brain.
My brain?
My brain?
It's a job you can't avoid.
The cleaning got never right.
You got to spend your weekends just raking.
Because you'll be breaking up the backyard.
All the ain't breaking up your backyard.
With the pain you should break in up the backyard.
Then it's fine.
Breaking up your backyard.
Thank you, Dejan White.
How do I always people I mentioned before were sure they're all out of town for the holidays.
I think that must be the reason that they're not.
No, they're not.
By the way, guess what I got to buy the audience to the rest of the day today.
Now we aren't given stuff away on the show ordinarily.
And it's worked very well the last few months we stopped doing it.
And again, I think that's one of the best things that happened in the new year.
They're one caller who told me in very emphatic terms.
Stop giving crap away.
Because these freeloaders kill a guy they'm showing.
You know something, sir?
Absolutely correct.
And since we stopped, I feel much better about myself as a human being.
Even buddy Niven likes me now.
Do you believe that?
No.
So at any rate, we do.
But today is a holiday.
It's like almost a new year's eve.
And I don't want these stupid things.
I'm not going to go.
And of course, a lot of you don't want to pay for them, obviously.
Because there are 13,000 unsolved tickets.
So let's do it by drawing.
Okay, about 130 will do a drawing.
And everybody who calls it wants to be on the list.
I got my personal pair section 217, row one seats the 9 and 10.
And the purple preferred parking pass for the dolphins bills playoff game this Saturday at PPP Park.
I feel like that.
Wow.
Ray Perry just came in.
They're just like hot off the press.
The ink is still practically running on you.
That's how first these are.
And I'll give them away because I'm such a hell of a guy.
Because I wouldn't go there if they if they paid me 500 bucks.
If they picked me up in the limousine, paid me 500 bucks, I wouldn't go there.
Because I really don't care.
I have no interest.
If they win, they win.
Super Bowl, maybe.
Who knows?
And if they lose, what do I care?
I'm not going to I'm not going to feign interest and be a late late near bandwagon jumper.
Even if they should want to go to the Super Bowl.
I'm not going to be one of those people.
It's like the thing with the Marlins two years ago.
Which I putting on a phony act.
I had stopped going to Marlins games like the season before that.
Am I going to become like a one of those front running phones at the end and jump on the bandwagon?
No.
No, that's not my style.
I'm not interested in that.
It's like a fake orgasm.
I mean, you know, maybe some of you are very good at that.
Probably had a lot of experience.
To me, it's a waste of time.
So we'll put names on the list and we'll do drawing around 130.
Okay.
And assuming of course that there might be some people in the audience who might want to go to that game for free and a purple parking pass.
How much of that does it have a price on those tickets by the way?
59 bucks.
59. Well, I got news for it for a lower bowl hockey game.
You got those tickets right here.
57.
Is that what you're at ticket say on there, by the way?
Look at the price.
Zero.
Oh, no, those are comps.
But I'm telling you, lower bowl 57 bucks per ticket.
So this isn't too bad.
59.
And I have no idea where these are because I never have gone to any of my, uh,
Well, these must be club seats, aren't they?
Yeah, these are club seats, by the way.
Woo!
Heavy dude.
That's right.
There it is.
Club seats, 217, row one seats, nine and ten.
Heavy duty, baby.
Somebody's going to be going in serious style on Saturday.
And we still have an open line in date.
How do you like that?
56705, 60 pound.
It's my anniversary.
We got a pair of bills, dolphins, playoff, club seats, to give away.
Not nosebleed.
Not way up there in the corner that they can't sell for a lover money.
And we still got an open line in Dade County.
Or somebody wanted us to keep doing all our appearances in Dade County, by the way,
even though our biggest and best one, and it turned out to be implantation and our biggest,
uh, borders turned out to be on the last weekend at anybody, up in Palm Beach,
Boynton Beach, in Boca, which shocks the crap out of me, by the way.
If you had any idea how many people up there in Palm Beach are listening to the show,
even what's your name?
Wow, wow, wow.
Even Cheap Peer pantalones.
I think she's got a pretty good idea.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Hey, happy anniversary, Dade.
Thanks.
Thank you, sir.
I'm happy new year.
And happy new year to you, too.
With lots of help.
At least on your enable.
With lots of help.
And the same.
Listen, uh, about the, uh, toilet, uh, seat, why didn't you, uh, go to a promise-apply place?
Oh, why?
A promise-apply.
Because there ain't no promise-apply place anywhere nearby, then I know of.
I just, you know, you look at the, uh, in the book?
Oh, man.
I see.
And I figure for getting a toilet seat, you probably shouldn't have to go to the yellow pages
and look in the book and run around town.
It's not, it's, you know, it's a toilet seat.
Because some of this places, uh, they even measure you on, uh, the measure you're right.
They measure you, uh, most of them, because they got, uh, hundreds of thousands of them.
They measure your, yeah.
Right.
And your seat, too.
Yeah.
Uh-huh.
Okay.
Well, anyway, how about healthy, uh, happy new year?
And you, too.
Right.
So, yeah.
Did he say, you, too?
We have an open line at day five, six, seven, oh five, 60, pound, five, 60 on the 18th.
He didn't want to be on the list.
He just, a nice guy that was already on there.
They wanted to say happy new year.
And go get your thing, measure.
I got news for a CRIV, too embarrassed to get my thing measured.
Here's, uh, hi, Alia.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing, sir?
Okay.
It's, uh, it's a 595 guy with a firm grip.
Oh, yeah.
How you doing, sir?
The guy that nearly drove me off the road in this tow truck, yeah.
Yes, sir. Hi, you.
Maniac.
Happy anniversary.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, and the wait a minute.
You know, it's funny you mentioned that because I was just telling Georgia about how my right wrist,
and I don't have a limp wrist, can spite what they think.
My wrist is killing me.
And you know, something I never done on me.
The day that I shook your hand is since that day, my wrist has never been the same again.
I think you yanked my thing out of your heart.
Come on.
I'm talking to you.
Hey, Neil, come on.
You got a grip, I mean, unbelievable.
A couple of things, they ought to be running for governor.
Um, uh, well, first thing, uh, happy anniversary and happy new year.
And the same to you, sir.
Uh, my wife's mad at me because I told Georgia happy, uh, one anniversary.
And she's mad because I never told her Mary Christmas yet.
Yeah.
Okay.
Okay.
Shameless request.
Yeah.
Anything you play is alright with me, Neil.
Okay.
Yeah, a good one, and enjoy your show.
I'll see you on the road, pal.
Bye-bye.
Okay, and don't shake it so hard next time.
I'm not handy to.
We have an open on you.
I'm seriously, this guy's got a grip.
I mean, there's some people, you know, you make judgments about people based on their grip.
I have like, you know, an ordinary, uh, not a real limpa wimpie, a faggy, uh, thank God, handshake.
Not like a wet noodle.
That's bad.
You ever shake your hand if somebody has got like a wet clam?
Oh, boy.
Bodleel.
Oh, yeah, Bodleel from Atlanta from Cox Broadcasting.
Little wimpie guy with little wimpie hand and little wimpie, uh, wet handshake.
Clammy.
Yeah, and does he get, oh, he also gives you one of those two?
Oh, man.
Yeah, I use the same finger, but I did something different with it.
When we left, I gave him one of these when they had that last meeting.
Oh, I have better things to do than come down here and, uh, you know, pass along information like this, like we're selling you to Paxton.
What an ungrateful little prick he was, you know, that Bob Neil up there in Atlanta.
I'm second-tiered to have him do a lot of pretend to kiss their ass over there at Cox Broadcasting.
I'm tired of it.
I mean, no, we got some people over there who are friends, uh, friends like, uh, you know, loosely.
What?
What are you smirking about?
It's true.
Fair weather friends.
And they're listening right now.
Bob and Chirol over there listening right now.
They got nothing else going on in that building.
And, you know, they've admitted to me.
It's his boring is dog pooping at place since, uh, IOD is out of their picture, out of their life.
Boring.
They got the coast and hot 105.
In fact, the logo on both stations just shows somebody asleep.
That's how boring it is.
Even they have to go in and keep poking Johnny Darken the armpit to keep waking him up to read those liners again on the coast.
And it's 87, along with Coach Jay.
How's he doing, by the way?
Is he still an asshole, Johnny Darken?
Uh-huh.
Here's Parkland.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes?
I just want to wish you a happy anniversary.
Thank you.
And, uh, one of those listeners has been listening to you since.
And, uh, hand, W.S. News.
Wow.
Yeah, really back in the days of the...
Oh, ho, ho!
The back in the days of, like, Holy Joe and Dr. Jan Bellows.
Yeah, Holy Joe.
And then all the other guys tried to steal away Holy Joe and I think he met his maker up in the sky.
I think he went to that big, self-beaching sky or something.
Uh-huh.
Anyway, I got one shameless request.
Yeah.
The greatest song since Rick Riley stole my briefcase.
GELVY.
Okay.
Hey.
You got it.
Okay, that's good.
You know, nobody wants to be on a list.
I mean, that's why I did not sound too many dolphin tickets.
Nobody cares.
Nobody wants to go even for free.
They don't want to...
They don't want a chance to win them.
All they got to do is sit on their ass.
They still don't care.
Which is fine with me.
You know what I have to do is scalp them.
Of course, how can you scalp something when, uh, you know, the game isn't going to be sold out?
That's it.
You know, scalp a lot.
Even if I scalp them for 30 bucks a piece.
I wear a exploding bulb.
Oh, GELVY.
GELVY.
Talking on a sports show.
Trying to be my show.
Your voice sounds just like a seven year old girl.
A little sports show.
What else are you there for?
GELVY.
GELVY.
Talking like a baby.
Who needs a little training?
Why can't you understand?
You don't sound like a fan.
We both so rubber fast.
That shows your throat sounds healthy.
Healthy.
Healthy.
GELVY.
Your lovely management sounds healthy.
You don't belong there on the air.
And healthy.
Those sports can wait till your voice cracks.
Well, since anyone who sounds like that should find another job.
And they should only take you back when both your babies drop.
Healthy.
Healthy.
When you're gone and grow up.
You make us want to grow up.
You silly, squeaky, blue.
Go to your broadcasting school.
Your free, new bestest voice.
Thank you.
Now, guys, I trust your heart.
Yes.
Your heart.
Your heart.
One 15 and five, fifty, giving it to QM3.
I just did it very briefly.
The Lambo Elite, Lee Roy Butler, was the first packet to leap into the stands in 1993.
And to give against the Raiders and teammate Robert Brooks soared with it the next season.
It's not used as much anymore, but any celebration involving the fans gets high marks.
Say the assholes, it's sporting news.
Who treat all of this as though, of course, it's really entertainment and that we love it.
The Mile High Salute, Tyrell Davis and the Broncos brought some class to touchdown celebrations.
Were they a simple salute?
And now it's seen from Elliott Street to Sesame Street.
And of course, Yarr Murjagra and Pittsburgh stole that when he scores a goal for the penguins.
The Adirney Bird, here we go, the Falcons foul play has both players and fans in the stands,
flapping their wings.
Its popularity has flown as high as the numbers in the wind column this season.
And the Adirney Bird, this my fly, my fly right to Miami for the Super Bowl.
And it's a no wonder Redance craves his popular with this team.
Billy Whitechews Johnson works in the front office, which brings us to the wobble.
Johnson was truly the NFL's first showman, it says, with his touchdown celebration in the 70s and 80s.
A dance in which he's scissorsed his legs and rolled the ball up as arms and down his neck.
He had kids in school yards and playgrounds everywhere emulating his whimsical moves, how sad that is.
The fun bunch, the 82 Redskins had fun all over the Super Bowl, 17.
Formed as a sign of unity that receivers would pick up the slack and the wake of an injury to hard monk.
The fun bunch celebrated touchdowns by forming a circle, jumping in unison and high-fiving each other.
Occasionally an errand player, preferably a cowboy would be caught in the middle.
The fun bunches routine led the league to put in the rule of 1984 that was supposed to limit end zone celebrations to spikes, but unfortunately didn't work.
The Homer heave, no they didn't have catchy nicknames back in the 60s, but Giants wide receiver, Homer Jones, is credited with being the first to spike a ball after a touchdown.
Let's take care of him, okay? Won't do it no more.
The right way, Chiefs wide receiver, Elmo Wright, is the granddaddy of the end zone celebration.
On November 18th, 1973, Wright scored on a long touchdown pass from Laney Dawson and began running in place with his knees pumping at arm's churning.
He finished it off with a spike and the rest is history.
The icky shuffle, the NFL put the kabosh on the dance, the Bengals icky woods performed in the end zone, a series of hops as he shifted the ball from hand to hand.
It didn't matter, we just performed it on the sideline and into the lore of Super Bowl 23.
The boxer, returned man, Vi Sikahima, originated this move with the Eagles in the early 1990s, but only 49ers, a linebacker Ken Norton Jr. had the pedigree to pummel the padding around the goal post standard after an interception return.
The California Quake, in the early 1980s, the Cowboys butch Johnson shot off imaginary six guns,
a little bit of imaginary smoke and put his guns in an imaginary holster and outlawed image eventually outlawed by the NFL.
And of course the funky chicken, 49ers safety, Merton Hanks, employees, Herky Jerky, hit an upper body movement after an interception also known as the Quake and Shake, also known as real embarrassing.
So there you go, there's the history of all these very ethnically stereotypical and disgusting.
What's Johnson always like, which is what they've been cut about?
Here's the mobile in Miami, hello.
How you doing Neil?
Okay sir.
First time caller.
Swarrow, was you happy new year?
Thank you.
I'm in the lovely city of Miami this morning and let me tell you if people don't hear me.
Anyway, you can get me out to a Panther game.
I haven't been to the new arena.
I'll get you out to a Panther game.
What does that mean?
What do you got some tickets or something?
For the Panthers?
Yeah.
No.
Okay, we have an open line of date.
Five, six, seven, eight, we got a Panther game.
They're playing the bills and the dolphins.
That should be one hell of a contest.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60.
This overhead blows today.
Maybe that's why I'm gagging and choking because somebody is touching you on one of the levels again.
And here's that the problem.
Here's overhead sucks today.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hey Neil, how you doing?
Okay sir.
I want to take it for the Panthers on the Raiders.
Yeah, can I hook them up with the Panthers in a Raiders' rack?
Hey, here I finally got my watch to listen to you because of the Buffalo Bill guy.
That's fantastic.
And you must go see the Carolina Panthers, maybe that's it.
You know, in a guy guy's...
You're not in a ration in the basket.
Yeah.
I just want one request to get an listen to all you can eat Negro guys.
Okay, have a great day pal.
No way.
We're not going to keep playing the same stuff over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over again.
Yeah, good day after day after day after day after day even though there's the holidays the answers to your evening.
I hope you have a great new year the answer is no.
Okay, let's do Miami.
Hello.
Miami.
Hey, it's Neil. How you doing?
Okay sir.
I am a number one Dominican Listerer.
See?
I'm the own vacation.
Right.
And I heard you are listening all day and every day.
And I have a little of my friends listening to you and sending them a go.
So I would like to suck up a little stick it if I may.
Okay, I'm going to look.
I can't guarantee the tickets but I'll be putting you on the list.
On a seminar request to you, Neil.
Yeah if you could place into the whiskey into the once key.
Happy new year and couple of eyes.
Okay, I'll jump on.
Okay, there's our first guy on the list into the once key.
Is actually on here.
Oh
Well, now, don't you tell me to lie?
I looked at Monica big fat died.
The star-public use I can't deny.
I hate her big inherit by you.
Yahoo, who knew?
My president's a juice wasn't squirted on you.
Love a Monica.
I'm an old-schooled child.
I rolled that boy sick wheeled-ass dial.
Nicking out with Monica.
In my limbo, I couldn't have pissed a fat of Ben Bo.
Feeling patriotic, I'm a black hole slug.
I'm a whole door skinnily choked.
When she sucked down my bitch fat wheeled,
I started to scream like a old-year family.
Hillary's mad, I'm down on my knees.
It's to the worst kid, Dr. Reese.
It's to the worst kid, Dr. Reese.
It's to the worst kid, Dr. Reese.
It's to the worst kid, Dr. Reese.
To be star-report, I really can't cope.
I'm a president, not the friggin' post.
The time is now, and I'm coming, please.
I like my boys with cherished and creep.
The boys on the hill see they made you in peace.
All I'm getting sus by that two-time elite
trying to hire a cop freak at these legit.
If she didn't spit, they must have quit.
When my cronies over in time to blow,
I'm trying to kill a reed like an officer.
No, never stop a reed. That's all I know.
She's all get busy with January.
No.
It's better than the ones who are near bump.
I might have got struck by that shit.
Not a cop.
Scared to death, Monica.
Take it to the stands.
Excuse me, General Bum, Afghanistan.
I got a little speaker that I'm ready to azip.
Stalk in its dog, you and Linda Skitt.
Checking out the door.
I'm ready to pop.
Or everybody, I'm letting my pants be dropped.
1122 at 560 WQM, so the guy that I put on hold
just now, I wanted to hear that.
Happy New Year, sir, but I put him on hold.
So we still have anybody on the list, which is good.
Because next couple of hours, how many names can we get on
there?
So maybe if anybody, maybe just nobody wants these guys
to play off tickets.
Maybe that's why you asked, oh, we've got 13,000 sold seats.
Because maybe the interest is minimal to nonexistent.
Is there a possibility that's true?
Who's here to be?
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Uncle Vio.
Yes, sir.
This is an old chronic call, and you wish you
need happy anniversary.
Yeah.
I don't know if you recognize the voice.
I'll give you a few minutes.
I'm listening.
I'm listening.
OK.
Now, I don't want to go on the list for the tickets,
as far as the job.
Who is this?
This is Stubby.
Oh my gosh.
He must have had a larynx transplant.
It sound like he's stubborn.
Oh, really?
I think he's talking about an Argyll soccer something.
That's probably the crappy phone that I'm a happy.
Well, that must be it.
That's always a good way to disguise your voice,
get a real crappy phone.
There you go.
I just got one little special request.
Yes, Stubby.
For our jive and juke and players,
play the complete OJ blah, blah, blah, blah thing.
I don't know what you call it.
Have you noticed, by the way, that the not-slanting lady
she's a bad-ass and Roberto, that used to make all those tapes
he's a bad-ass?
Yeah, well.
Yeah.
You know, I was sitting around here with nothing to do.
I'm not that busy, so I figured I'd give you a call.
I hear you trying about nobody's calling.
Yeah, I don't forget you, my buddy.
OK, I'm always listening.
OK, all right.
Say hi to Kay.
Yes, yes, yes, yes.
Remember Stubby Kay's name?
Remember him?
Oh, man.
That's the best thing I've ever said.
Because, you know, I'm saying about four, you know,
and then I was like, well, I get a little food.
And then I tell him, man, I'll do a crazy.
We're saying Rob, we're doing it wrong.
I didn't do nothing with a knife with a knife.
I was like, we're doing it wrong.
And he said it with a ball.
You know, they were going to call it with a trying to move.
You know, Bob and his head made a little,
Bob said, please, I didn't do nothing.
You know, what I love to do with that,
but you know, they made, oh, they should've
been doing something to do with the community.
So what's up with that, man?
I didn't do nothing.
I was riding the back of the van.
I didn't do nothing with my wife, four,
and I was like, you know, something that I was going to ask
to go to my head, you know, but I didn't know what I was going to make.
Because they know that I'm probably going to make it.
I'm going to go to my head.
You know, I'm saying, baby,
I just don't know what I'm doing.
So you're welcome.
bill's zimper for hank this afternoon to a clock that's no laughing matter we
got Josh Friedman at six we got gildy at seven for the pregame show with a
panther's in penguin seven thirty nine and tom jicca good old baldie tom jicca
be on for ed cappellan after the game tonight and by the way if you call
George and you ask him to be on the list off the air the answer will be no no
no well what are people waste their time doing that there's absolutely is
there any chance that we're going to put their name on list that they don't
come on here talk to me no okay so after you ask George cannot be on the list
to get my name on list the answer will be no and then you'll hear a dial tone
real quick or maybe he'll say yes and you'll still hear a dial tone man oh man
what a bunch of anal retentive it's eleven twenty six and guess what we still
have nobody on the list right this is outstanding I smell something somebody
must be eating are you not making anything right I'm smoking a scar
oh well that's great because I'm going to talk about next right now what timing
man this man he is the master of falling into a bucket of
crap that's right I am I'm the master I fall into all the time
this plot's not good it's great
built the cars and monocles the china
she lets out a giggle when he makes it we go
monocle is not the kind you can do in the behind but a cigar and her for China she's all mine
well he don't know where a soul giggle I can see how there was some confusion
between humor door and humid horse
and then I can start the turn cedar box means saw her naked stars
reportedly to go in line
that's what he was working hard late nights in the overy office working on a practical joke
you
took a mac and noodle for an exploded loaded for my car was blowing rings us
for
built the cars and monocles the china
she lets out a giggle every time he makes it we go
monocle is not the kind you can do in the behind but a cigar and her for China she's all mine
all people feel that hillar reason made a fool of by a husband feel that hillar
he was wrong
up in the linking bedroom she was morning morning
our door was doing her with bills old bomb
bills the cars and monocles the china
she lets out a giggle every freaking time he makes it we go
monocle is not the kind you can do in the behind but a cigar and her for China she's all mine
all can be said yes does not the
is that the oh yeah what you got to do is take a sip of it all
and when it comes down oh yeah yeah yeah
all night under the car and her for China
okay so i'm the 32 and i'm going to believe this i better
say something there okay one moment please
i just got to make sure it's almond oh yeah it's in a long-gated almond
royalty that this listener just brought at home depot 30 bucks and i just they said give
the money to a hundred and one so i took the 30 bucks out along with a uh $75
check the booty gravy just brought in so there's another 105 bucks per center one
how do you like this a goddamn almond toilet seat elongated oh my god
life is worth living now divas peanut what is it okay 26 till new it is 560 wq
i'm that is fantastic so there we go we just roll them long singing the song we want
and the Wayne Arles is going to provide some food for us today i saw Wayne in my mobile station
on flamingo road a couple of days ago Wayne was uh pumping it and the gas too and i was pumping it
and the gas too and i looked over and i said to myself there's Wayne Arles hey Wayne how you doing
he kind of like waddle the way in your gotta loosen him weights sweetheart you're a great guy but man
Wayne's looking a little on the rough side how about a resolution for the new year Wayne huh
how about like a cleaning up your act a little bit Wayne is looking a little on a rugged sign
here's a mobile in hollywood hello
yeah you yes sir um can i get a lift for this yeah for this yeah no okay we have an open line
and brighter faster than i'm and he is the overhead like turned off or something i mean i can just
barely hear this damn thing and i want to turn up like real log because then we'll get feedback
with the calls it's it blows the overhead today i got up like twice as loud as usual out here we
go staring oh jesus christ now we're making a little bit of progress that's not too good it's more
this great equipment we got here at q amp a at least we're in a nice clean building here where you
can almost eat off the floor and we will be a little while when we get our big one your
anniversary celebratory meal from Wayne Arles and by the way feel better Marie Marie from Wayne
Arles is homesick today feel better Marie feel it probably been hanging around with Wayne too much
here's a mobile in hollywood hello no but my good hello yes sir i'm coming well the language you
speaking now what was that no i'm delivering some boxes here at this place that i work in
you say you said mama lost something or other no i should get in here listen yeah i got that
that the small dish you're gonna smoke yeah oh my god that is the best thing ever made yes sir i
told you i'm believe it's all yeah the picture the sound of everything the picture so clear
you could practically reach your new exactly the level of that's right yeah listen i want to send
the best to you and your mom for for the new year your mama yeah okay and can i get on that list yes
you can sir how do you like that thank you very much and they are your mama too hang on okay okay
okay there's one there finally that for i did put them on hold because i put that other guy
on hold too many hung up be disappeared you probably his heart wasn't in it you think his heart
was in it no i don't think so they just they're not all that excited all your people over there
at the pv park that are waiting for the big long lines to us here because i know most other
places as soon as they announce a playoff game you know people are online you know this for the
minute that they're going to open up the box office hours and hours before they're lying
enough by the thousands and within a matter of a couple of hours all the tickets are sold did that
happen here no i mean the four morning guys this morning you got to put that poor guy on he's
begging and pleading and squeezing it please buy some tickets won't you please buy no come on you
want one no we have an open line and broard five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the
AT&T wireless line neo Roger this i got news for you buddy never need your heart out you little
faker okay you little piece of turd you little scraggly piece of human garbage i guarantee
nobody ever brought Wayne high pingo a elongated toilet seat right to his purse huh
wow and it's the right color to it's an almond
is that fantastic or what that's not the first time that guys brought stuff in here by the way
he's a great guy do we know his name no no he's a good and great listener he's got a panthers
head two on his arm so he's uh all American all the way around brings me a goddamn almond
uh toilet seat and i i feel so excited about i'm ready to do a on it right now
in fact if we had Jeff Cohen coming today instead of the other place probably in about 45 minutes
you were right on there now instant response at the pizza lot that's right
by the way did i mention that fat rich fell down and the bus that is knee all off at
pompadopark 99 and then i hear huh and then i get a call yesterday home with the whole story
about well Kevin he bet on Kevin Wallace and the horse broke going to the starting gate he went
running up to cancel the bet and he was riding the window and yelling that there are cancel
and he went took a tumble and a gigantic fall and his knee swallowed up like a guy named watermelon
he said a couple of the waiters up there tried staring to chew on it
what well we got you know when old Joe up there they know it's just a joke they're great guys
i bet your Anthony wasn't chewing on it and your knee either rich okay how you doing Anthony
but in any way so if i were to get a little bit of a problem i'm looking at the schedule now i
see tomorrow we got new year's eve course the track is always open but north bill bound
cymo casting at four in the afternoon over there in Detroit i guess they're doing a little bit
early in Detroit because everybody better be in real early on you know no one talking about
i like in Miami anybody going out for new years even Miami this year no good idea probably
good choice well speaking of pompadopark again these segues right into a falls into it
what's the schedule tonight he asked well let's see in twenty one minutes we got milk for
high-life time of casting at pompadopark we got freehold harness racing twelve thirty without Jackie
Lee overdowns it for thirty north field at seven o'clock from Cleveland Daniel high-life seven
fifteen metal ends at seven thirty and i'm sure there's some more but it's on the bottom of
another page here somewhere oh here it is let's see let me match up the days of the yanker seven
forty no it's not monoselos i can't make it out nice go i'm care on you stippled in metal
and seven thirty monoselos seven thirty made with from Chicago way three and of course live
on track racing tonight and tomorrow at the pompadopark now what about the uh right to the schedule
she didn't send me any okay like i said and then of course Friday and on close Friday new year's day
look at this i got on seventeen different pages here from my good friend Carol over there at pompadopark
by the way be sure and stay close to a higher hello and my good close personal friend David Harrow
anybody know David Harrow at pompadopark stay away from me David okay that's a new year's resolution
usually adopting right now stay very far away from uncle Leo he doesn't want to see you he doesn't
want to hear from you don't give up on my home phone number to anymore assholes okay and have a real
happy new year far away from me David Harrow so let me say it again we got a formal casting and the
live racing today and tonight and again tomorrow close Friday for new year's day and then we
opening Saturday with both of the above at pompadopark is plunger brain time this is five six
six zero four three six zero five six zero four six zero four six zero four six zero four six zero
oh i'm lucky you're among you see the monkey eat the monkey wear out monkey sound
i'm a monkey you're a monkey you're a monkey you're a monkey wear out monkey now swinging three two three
please scream as one can shout no respond that bell at this that's why we're all on
pown i'm a monkey you're a monkey you're a monkey you're a monkey wear out monkey now we don't do anything
we're told because we don't know how don't brush our teeth don't come our hair we don't even wear clothes
all i'm a monkey you're a monkey you're a monkey you're a monkey wear out monkey sound we're not well
mattered well behave we just look to drop trowel well don't run for it well make your last one
too we are bad then we'll lay down scratch our butt and watch you all turn red oh i'm a
monkey you're a monkey you're a monkey you're a monkey wear out monkey now we wouldn't want to be a
dog that can't a horse or cow first now we and we like it and we've heard the things you said
don't come with me you're a monkey you're a monkey you're a monkey you're a monkey wear out
now
okay 17 will marry a five-year-old W.C.M. Patrice by the way is the only person in the world i
know who would go to the track have an accident like that and call you to tell you about it and
have to give you a run down on every race who won by how many lines they cast a triple for five
in our bugs and brag cramer when the first two races in north field down and the kevin was going
to the gate and the horse broke and he ran up to a cancel a bet and he stumbled and fell on his big fat
knee you know fat richer reminds me of my mother but not quite as neurotic here's my mmy hello
Neil god yes sir Neil the high priest of the NH over you okay this in first year that i've given out all
gifts as uh from center one the Neil CDs right i've never gotten such a good response
unlike yes everybody loves them i think i've gotten you at least three or four more listeners
and and given those gifts because the lotion in the basket yeah works exactly and um most of the
people i've given them to one of most i'd say a half of the people i gave them to didn't even listen
to you but they started listening since well when you work on a radio station that's so big
into promotion you know all the am stations i've worked at it's about more a and we don't promote
we don't want to spend the money and you know we like it nice and uh small and convenient
that's true can i get on that list now yes sir you got a hangover bell have a great new year
you too okay put that guy he said you too though we can't send in their Irish oh i don't have nothing
against the Irish you just that Irish music you know and then of course the Scottish with the bagpipes
oh sorry where we're going here's uh my mmy hello hello yes sir how you doing Neil great
nice talking to you as first time caller all right uh you making last so bad uh guys here at work
it just they look at me like that's wrong with that guy yeah i'm trying to convert my wife
she's still not yeah anyways uh what does that mean i want to tell you a little thing
last week not this last talking game but the one before i guess the Edmonton game so i'm sitting
there in between periods and people are coming up as they always do and i'm sitting on the end
in my row and so a guy says hey Neil how are you love your show and a guy behind him which i don't
a friend of his is brother and he you know and it was obviously the woman behind him these three people
are together at the point i'm making okay so the two guys they both take my hand will have your show
and the woman behind who is one of their wives and i look and she looked at me and i looked at her
because you know i tried to be here reasonably friendly i said hi how you doing she gave me a look
i'm telling you like i had just done a right on the seat you know what it was with these women i don't
know don't they have a god damn sense of humor i don't know what's wrong but uh no she's not like
that if you were to come or we want to go to you she'll she'll say hello you're very friendly i
know that you just not yet getting to you know to your humor in the way you come across
anyways i wanted to call you and uh thank you for that for the entertainment it's just great
yes sir and uh pat uh wishing you a happy anniversary right and i'm on the list right
and finally yes shameless request if you were to put me on the list yes i will thank you very
much i mean i've stuck job like that even monica would be proud no no you're really
arched thank you very much thank you okay okay so no you really are good even if you don't believe it
okay where is he whatever line he's on he's on here okay okay we're got that in case you're
joining us in the stream and i'm not giving stuff away any or any more except this one day i'll
make that exception like Michael did for k in the movie i'll make this this one time he can ask me
about my my business because i'm not going to the game it will be ashamed like i mean what would
be the point that would be a stupid thing on my part these are club seats for the big ex-sub
and i'm not saying exhibition they want my stomach the big playoff game between the dolphins
and the bills on Saturday at pp park section 217 where one seats nine and ten and the purple
preferred parking pass which gets you right inside up close and personal and you don't have to pay
any money you don't have to park 50 miles away so there you go i'm going to give away we'll do the
drawing at about 130 and so far very few names on the list so if you do get on there you might have
a pretty decent chance better than we look at them lottery here's a Miami Beach hello
Neil how you doing okay sir listen i got a bunch of things a bunch of stuff to talk to you about but
i also want to be on the list okay wait okay Neil what okay the other day i'm listening well what
would you going wait wait what does that mean you haven't said anything yet why would i be hanging
up yet listen well i get to listen everyone's the world again sorry and calling when i can you know
and and i heard you talking about the toilets the other day and you know when i was in college every
time i ever moved which is about every other semester man the first thing to go was that old
toilet seat and the new one and the hardest thing was always remember you know do you have the long
one do you have the short one so i could definitely sympathize and when you're talking about i had a
feeling that you were in a bad as i am you in the shower you're staying down you can't tell if
you got a long one or short one well you know i had a Christmas party last week and i had a fat
guest at my house yeah i used the toilet seat Neil and they they split the toilet seat in the middle
like where you like goes like they were so fat they cracked the seat and i didn't realize it's a
life sat down on it and it pinched me and it actually drew blood believe it or not and the reason
the reason why i'm sucking around today is at my work you know we have direct deposit you know
and uh so you can't on the money to be in there Thursday so you don't have to pick up the you know
the check on friday like everybody else well the girl that does direct deposit decided she's
gonna take off extra day for christmas so no one's getting paid to new years and everyone is broke
this can be and i would have called in order to take it to myself you know i'm on my you know my
debit card but i have to suck around i have no other way of getting to see it i'm not going to get paid
until the second and third of the year okay can i be on the list okay
baby jane niles aliza okay hang on okay based on two put him on there even though i do
reluctantly what what is all that stuff you've got there what are you doing what are you
patching around now i'm giving a word of your bunch of crap
i think what he's already got plenty of uh crap right
i have two wants to be on the list i just thought i mentioned that in passing okay where we go
and here's a mobile in the boi and b chill out now yes sir are you going okay
listen to you for years and years and years you make my day uh happy new year happy anniversary
and i got fired on monday are you the guy that called and told me you got fired on monday
i'm a guy that got fired on monday no i'm a second guy that got fired on monday
i left one of them and i just want to talk to people and boyfriends and i want to tell the people
in pop it up they can go suck off because i'll get back on my feet you guys state that out with you
okay and by the way uh i just got on the list okay hold on he said suck off by the way too i know
it's kind of a muddy phone i just wanted to clarify so everybody makes sure they understand it
okay that guy where the hell he is he's on that wants to be on it i just mentioned that in passing
because i know what he's in there bugging the hell out of you and uh disturbing our show okay where
we going here's a uh mobile in pop and oh hello they knew how's going okay sir i just want to wish
a happy anniversary i really enjoy your show thanks sir and i got your best of meal taste both
of volume one of volume two i really enjoy it i got a couple of my teenage friends listening to you
and i was wondering if i could suck hard enough for the dolphin ticket okay hold on okay see
that the people that said don't do this anymore they're right because these people have nothing to say
that's why it's a killer because they you know they're they're you know they're trying very hard to
say something and they say the same thing everyone says the same thing and you're great and we love
you and the babana turned you out of my brother-in-law and my boyfriend and my girlfriend and my
uh goal fish and my uh palm marina and and you know and it's uh it's uh it's uh it's uh
terminal it's a killer now it is the holidays we don't really give a crap on the listener not at
this time of the year because there's no ratings and we're just we're going through the motions
i'll be very honest with you i'm the only one will tell you that these other assholes will come
on there pretended like working their ass off and really uh you know kill them self to entertain the
audience not really i mean uh i'm here i might as well be here you know like tomorrow i could just as
easy take off tomorrow in fact i was gonna go to Vegas for the long new year's holiday weekend but
uh why and how do i want to do that i went away last weekend i'm getting too old to keep going on these
long trips weekend after weekend after weekend i'm just getting too old for that i have to much do a
little bit of strength of energy so the next trip i got a little bit of uh something build up
if you catch my drift oh here's a uh mobile in uh Florida city hello
hey me all how you doing okay sir you want to hear a story about Gary Glitter composer of your
favorite rock and roll song yes um i found a paper a couple of months ago that uh you know now i
guess he gets some of the royalties from that song that he wins you know in somewhere in the middle
of England and some big mansion and uh let's say let's go get him yeah exactly he's raking it
in from that thing from our annoyance but anyway his computer takes the dump one day so he calls
in a technician so they the computer's taking it off um the guy comes in top soap and the hard drive
and find kitty porn on it really so oh yeah I read I read about that that's right Gary gets dragged
off to jail right on kitty porn so he would be uh the only uh Michael Jackson's i'd be only
a child torn petafile uh beautiful too all right there you go anybody deserves it it's your
great litter i did read that so that leads me into a replatio yeah i don't know if you
know if you can see that Michael Jackson's work and make hard ones only just time later that
once yes sir and over two can i get him a list okay
all right ready yay thank you god is that thing in one and they just don't get the
message man of course if it's the fan if you would be it's out there you know no matter where it is
in America they crank that thing and hey you know they they just here they're like automaton's as
soon as that thing goes on hey they're like they react like Pavlov's dog with a little build you know
and it's part of that same syndrome i've been telling you about as long as they keep playing that
and uh you know make a lot of noise and you think you're having a great time even if for what's
going on out there is garbage if it is the worst if it's pathetic like most of the a panther home
games although it's getting a little bit better now i wouldn't get too excited though i
shouldn't mention in passing you know we beat the islanders in that game five one two minutes ago
they were in Tampa bay last night i got shut out freed and nothing i built randford who looked like
who looked like a combination of martin brodour dominant hashik and patrick frog in his best days
all put together it looked like jok plant and johnny bowler in their heyday put together that's how
good he looked against the pathetic the united islanders if i were mike milver i'd be getting my resume
out right now i'll tell you that they stuck so just try to keep it in perspective that's all i'm
saying i don't want to pee on our parade but keep it in perspective who were beating here's deer field
beach hello i knew how you doing great i just want to let you know that uh everyone my family now
and now has the best of nil cd uh so we contributed two hundred forty dollars to the center one
all right so that's good and um reason why i'm calling is i'm a twenty-year-old guy and i've
got a little problem i'm visually impaired yeah and i will i've never done this before um but
nevertheless um my me and my dad are big big time dolphin fans right it would be an excellent
surprise to him if i could just be on the list of habits and okay let's give you a shot hang on
hang on thank you you bet okay put him on the list okay in big letters okay we're checking our
list in the check it out twice to see all that other bull crap okay and give those tickets away so
somebody can actually have a good time because nobody's going to go out there and buy those tickets
are they no i mean they just don't want to spring loose with all that money for christay especially
and you know a woman called the award team this morning she made a good point of course she didn't
want to admit that this is another sports time to begin with the way that she wishes not and the fact
that the tv station had a bite of honey games this year at least two that i can recall or the tv
station that was going to be televised and had a bite the last two three four thousand seats so they
could televised and not have a blackout however it's also right on the heels of Hanukkah and
Christmas and New Year's Eve party getting in the way here in the middle of all of this and uh you
know a lot of people are tapped out a lot of people going out there spending a lot of money on
expensive toilet seats people are tapped out now so maybe not everybody in the world's got two three
four hundred bucks to cough up for the tremendous experience of going out there and watching the
bills and the dolphins on Saturday at P.P. Park so we'll try to help you out
but Neil Roger show now on five sixy wqa m my amy fort lauderdale you can kiss my rear end
hey kids are you tired of that neighborhood bully he stole my lunch money
ah shut up kid and tell him not to hold the mail next time next time fight back
but he's bigger than me no no no just tell mom next time she hits the candy aisle at the grocery
store pick up a pack of new shab-candy bars shut cap yes it's a new candy bar made entirely from
recycled cow dung guaranteed to turn your stomach so next time all right kid give me a lunch
no no please don't take it just shut up and hand it over okay here you go but whatever you
do please don't eat my candy bar hey cool
ah this tastes like shut so you want my lunch tomorrow too we get a hunch you got a little lunch
when you take it by to that shit cat park all right 12 note at five sixty wqa that's just an
honor of our one year anniversary I think it sums it up nicely here oh who we am yes sir and again
we apologize profusely for being totally ignorant out of touch with reality that big mess
on ninety five yesterday which we should have been here telling you and warning you about and we
were not are we really sorry about that well I mean it sounds good it sounds real sincere no we
should know about this stuff here's finger man I bet he doesn't give a crap how you doing sir
hello yes sir I got you because I want it I want it to wish you a happy ending there
thank you fan I got your card too thank you for that thank you for that
thank you that's very nice I have a part time now now is that your finger or Michael Keynes
inside no I have a part time we got the holy yeah you can I be on the list like those yeah
you said yes you remember that song hauling oats that song your fifth is on my list okay hang
on finger man okay I lost okay movie this okay put his finger on the list okay and maybe
his name too that's finger man who came up with one of the great lines initially the show it felt
like a finger that's what father or tool told him okay and he somehow survived it here's a
pop it'll be chill oh and you'll have the holiday thank you sir and the same to you I'm not going
to yank your chain I'm not calling with any stories or sucking around I really want to be on your
list I'm a loyal listener I like listening to you but I'm just not a big caller so I don't really
have that much to say yeah why not well make something up make something up tell us that you're
wouldn't toilet seat broken you got a splitter in your recto something like that like that other
guy do with that I like the toilet seats with the cushion I totally hate it how can people do that
I don't know and you have company over and big people sit on it they leave me for something
oh yeah yeah exactly hopefully she's the one that's got to clean it anyway that's right
oh yeah okay pal you want to list have a great new year okay hold on okay that guy nothing
is today is a good guy and his wife on the cushion I saw you know because ordinarily I hate to
break the news to you this is not something that is on my mind very much a toilet seat is a toilet
seat it's just there it's a part of life it's like the knob on a door it's not something I really
think very much about along with you that there's some women out there getting a little bit excited
but nevertheless depending on how tall you are but I go in that story yesterday I guess the
before when I first went into came art and they got all these designer toilet seats and these
cushiony ones and ones made out of all kinds of material and I'm thinking to myself why would anybody
want a a cloth the toilet seat Jesus oh here's a mobile in bouquet hello hey Neil what's up how
you doing sir I'm I'm down from Toronto and I want to talk about the Leafs yes sir what's up
with him he's hanging out he's being a professional frog and trying to straighten his lips out
before they train him I don't know I just don't know what my Smith the problem with my Smith is
everybody hates him like poison nobody wants to make a deal with him he's a dick guy yeah he is
copy on the list okay pal go let's go yeah he's a Leaf fan I'm not sure not so sure okay well put
him on the list anyway what the hell get him out of off the street here's a mobile in Hollywood hello
hey Neil yes sir love your show happy anniversary thank you sir I was over here working at
this company where they sell you know toilet seats and stuff yeah and I was going to call you to
tell you to come over here and get it I know they have him over here but once I was on the line I
heard you giving away dolphin tickets or at least on the list and I love you showing I would like to
get on the list and if I can have a shameless request to heal their darnel learn to spell with darn
yeah that's one of your best bits I love my kids love to have to hear him I'm kind of nervous so
I'll put down the list and hang on okay and I'll just say it but I haven't been here okay put
him on list he's nervous but never let this is learning to spell with darnel I'd be darn
ill Jackson and today we're going to spell the word consensus filling with me now consensus
C-O-N-S-E-N-S-U-S now let's use it in a sentence be careful what you say those cops consensus to jail
this is learning to spell with darnel I've been darned in Jackson by the way maybe somebody can
tell us about that what that thing is with the French Canadians and what have the the curl lift I
once I'd like you notice look robotine who didn't look all that bad but he's a lip problem if he
looks fine they'll look all that bad they hit that cool lip on one side like Jean Crchian
Canadian Prime Minister who's also a frog he's got like not only see a lip like curl off the one
side but like it's like look like he had a bad stroke but he did not he's stroking it but they did
not and who was I watching oh yeah I was watching that Tampa Bay game against the pathetic islanders
last night and that rookie that convention like how like he was gonna be a great player scored a
beautiful goal and they were interviewing me between periods and he's a frog and he also have
you ever noticed that that French Canadians have that like the genetic like lower
they could talk like yeah what did they talk out of the corner they're pushed what what is that
what is it with the frogs that have like a little twisted lip problem they can have something
in their mouth that kind of like push their lip off the one side you think that could be it
here's a mobile in deer field hello hey anyhow how you doing pretty good yeah I was saying
that I can I get some swirving sounds where these people sucking up to the dolphins ticket isn't that
something yeah I mean listen I'm calling to be promised you I'll never do it again by the way this
now now I end and now that I'm listening to this I do realize thank God it's a holiday and to show
is a you know no countered boy it's brutal let me tell you something I went I called the box
office to get the tickets until I realized I had 26 dollars in my account but it's pathetic I come
from New York and with the dolphins fans all my life yeah I saw them keep the crap as a Jetson 82
when I was like five and the Jetson the giant or is that that big AJ do a game yeah in the
way the game in the mud yeah yeah they always sell out and I can't believe that there are 14,000
some our tickets left for this game I forget the game will go blacked out I don't want to I don't
want to pee on anybody's parade but I just I can't see any way seeing the history of the way
this town goes how are they going to sell between now and 12 30 tomorrow 13 or 14,000 or even 10,000
assuming that channel 10 would pick up the others they'd have to sell nine or 10,000 anyway
it's not going to happen no this is the most pathetic sports and I've ever seen it in my entire life
and like I said we keep filling up the macarena with all those bodies but as far as you have to have
a you have to get a search party to find any real hockey fans in here let me tell you something I
try to talk sports to people down here and they don't know what they're talking about and that's
just the station if I try to pick up somebody on the street forget about it yeah all right
like I'm not picking up anybody on the street okay hang on pal we'll put you on the list okay
okay put him on there and he's absolutely correct he's went on target but you know you're not
going to change it we can sit here and bitch about it and belly ache about it and that's going to be
one of my new year's resolutions until January 2nd I'm not going to do that and since I won't be here
the second well that's right this is tomorrow's our last show right remember we had the lady from
the Christian coalition and then that other guy that blockhead that the cops were not going to
store 20 or 30 times I couldn't stay off the phone oh yeah you're all done you're all finished you'll
never be on in 99 this year you're all done yeah hey to break the news to you I'll be here
tomorrow be here again Monday and I'll be here Tuesday and I'll be here Wednesday unless of
course that lottery should kick in around Saturday here's plantation hello
you know yes sir yes I got to tell you about that and found it at the beginning
what about one second there now I'm on a better phone okay I got to tell you about
incident that happened to me last week at the macarena I was going to be a Washington game
and I'm a seasoned cricket holder I have to you call that a game well you got a point yet but I
didn't know that beforehand but anyway I don't always have someone to go with me so I sometimes
saw my extra ticket outside the arena for like 15 ten bucks whatever I can get for straight
in jail pal I know so I'm very too jail I'm standing there and I'm not really being real
obvious and some guy comes up and ask me have a ticket and I say yeah and I say he says I'm I say
15 bucks okay so we're just getting ready to he didn't give me a 15 bucks in this this
high-vhinga knot he runs up yelling at me you can't sell tickets on this property because it's
against the law it's a gas law and so I didn't argue with you guys so I say okay well you know this
is actually my friend and I'm just gonna give him the ticket I'm not gonna sell it to him and he goes
you can't give away tickets on this property if it goes the law and I you know if I had the
guy so I said look I'm gonna stand right here and I'm gonna give this guy the ticket now you call
the cops and have me arrested for giving this guy my ticket that I paid for but anyway we just
walked in together he followed me in and I held both the tickets we walked through and he paid me
after we got inside I mean it was ridiculous unbelievable sounds like some kind of a Nazi operation
to me if he acts me so I know now next time to be a little bit more me out go a little bit further
away from the Nazis before I find myself right down there by the escalator it's never working anywhere
there's nobody hanging out yeah that was nothing all four the escalators were out of order and I
got to go up to the fourth floor oh the other ones are out of order two oh yeah the ones going
up to the fourth floor oh there was one working and and I get on that one and I'm a half layup
and that one stops somehow all four of them are out of order and I think they've got a problem there
okay pal but hey can I get on the list yes you can hang on thanks I'm in a great mood today I'm
not really sure why it's my one year anniversary we survived the year thank God it's over here in this
place we got all the bugs out of the way this past year then we get them all out of the way no get
everything straightened out no coming up after noon at 5.60 Q.A.M. where do you find it Kaplan white
we're not landing right on the bus and we just want to thank you our keep down the way okay
I'll tie
there's stuff like some kind of fact is the operation of the matter is listen to the
boost steps up and not be weighing buying every inch of all it off
we must have several regions on a tiny brain because all of us have had enough
a hot dog and a beer cost only 40 bucks the bathrooms all have dollar
changes one is attitude businesses were really stuck he's taking us for all we've got
they win our pockets of some kind of land we think and fill it in our part of the pan
let's get the vast of even stick blockbuster part of your hand
break them
oh I'm giving away the break that's what bloody nevin says give my break he's a real philanthropist
he never stole a freight train a caboose we're gonna give him a break no that's our that's our
resolution for 1999 now we're gonna give away an hypenga break no where we going now here's a
lady in Miami Beach hello hi Neil yes ma'am hey happy anniversary happy anniversary from a loyal
woman listener thank you see I don't think anybody's called yet today any ladies you know
something you got a good point how do you like that that really makes me feel like crap
well that shouldn't go thanks out for you now one woman out there that makes me feel like walking
on legs is what it makes me feel like that you're the only lady that cared enough to call
the that's probably because all these guys are calling sucking for those damn stupid tickets
well that's true um can not stand people have called in suck around for free ticket that's just a joke
I'm just good as well I just want them to wiggle and feel bad you know I've got a story about pro pro
player stadium yes I want to keep you apart yes I went to the Denver game I don't think I'd
yeah last week ago and I had to sit in the wheelchair section which is like right below the first
row on the lower on the lower side and so it's kind of down by the field however all the people
down there the wheelchair people they will not let them have beer down there yeah well have you
ever seen the wheelchair people when they start getting a few pops in a man or ever seen Chris
Reeve after two or three after he stuck a couple of beers through that straw man I can beer through
a straw they'll get you every time you know it's got enough somebody's in a wheelchair and then
they can't even have a beer isn't that incredible well that's not too way to get in man yeah
how much is your money once you're inside he don't give a crap about putting on a show giving
anything all he wants is your money anyways could I be on your list maybe I can see somewhere where I
can have a beer there you go okay hang on thank you okay and steer that thing straight
oh no how what did you do that for she has a special line I called it oh George call her
hi there how are you having her from you in a very long time boy I've been feeling so
blue about that oh don't feel blue about that feeling so bad I thought well maybe one one of
one of several things happened either she left town or else she ballooned back up like an elephant
again and gained all that weight back and she too embarrassed to talk to me that didn't happen
did it oh not really I'm not in like I was but I'm not what I was before either you're
somewhere in between well that's good yeah I'm gonna try to make a new years resolution to get
yeah yeah it's so it's so tired and old and boring and so on exactly it's just
fun yeah it does it does I want to eat my fish food god damn it I want to do good stuff you had
to tell me about that you know I had to try it so I have to stay away from that and are you
hooked yeah it's pretty good and my public's man they got like seven thousand
points of it in there and all my mobile stations were getting my gants they got 50,000
fish sticks and 2800 different kinds of points I keep thinking I'm gonna run into you because we
shopped the same place isn't it yeah we shop in my public's yeah well how come I never
will I see you in there I don't know I see my bag boy friend Frankie in there I'll have to check
him out Frankie's a great great good looking too by the way but I shouldn't say that on
me I'm probably well Frankie's a great kid he always very friendly are you listening to Frankie happy
new year Frankie maybe maybe he'll let you come in here and pop his this form okay one or two
yet something like that don't scream no so I missed you yeah yeah I mean I've been there I just
just what I know you're gonna start getting busy with the attacks is after I know it yeah
it's gonna be awesome well what do you've been so busy doing there's nothing going on here all
a day not before the holidays you've been too busy for a long time for me let's face it you
look yeah having some kind of an extramirital affair yeah that's what I'm doing okay oh good
so that's not telling anybody I can understand no my husband's the greatest he is I would never
never know it but he's a good guy he is the greatest love him yeah I just want George is laughing
you snickering and he's laughing he's rolling on the floor he's a great guy so he doesn't look
like Frankie is a great guy he's a year right he's a hell of a good guy I mean if the only people
in the world that were good people are the people a lot of people that look great are assholes okay
that's right yeah actually done with him you had to toss him away okay that's right
you move on to the ugly people because we're the good people hey we the good people that's right
that's what George said so yeah everything's good I'm gonna stop by two but I haven't done that
I'm gonna stop by where I have to how one day oh that would be nice when I really get my nervous
uh-huh don't hold your breath you know never mind okay you can tell I'm really out of practice it's
oh god I would say it's been really this but not hearing from you but based on this call
well thank you no you're great okay well listen I'm glad you're feeling well I'm ready
haven't gained all the weight back and ballooned up to your previous juggamy side oh my god I
couldn't even imagine no that would be bad it would definitely congratulate me on my new toilet seat
yes congratulations thank you and have a happy new year you too say hi to your husband I will okay
take your boyfriend okay see you and Frankie okay 12 18 there's the last landing lady now
you're like we can go home okay finally but I was almost as tough as finally hearing from my friend
Izzy maybe Izzy was a little bit too incoherent to call me not that we want you to call again
Izzy I mean the one call this year was enough right yeah that was enough but anyway so now and who
is the other one that was looking for Izzy and the not landing oh Roberto wait he probably flew
the coupe he must have been deported I'm surprised you didn't run into him at the INS on Monday yeah
George was at the INS building on the corner of this game in 79th Street on Sunday
try to get his illegal alien status upgraded like maybe you can stay here another year
it's helping lower numbers all day yeah right here's a mobile in candle hello
hello yes sir I mean happy new year happy whatever I'm selling
what's Johnson by the way it's black what's Johnson at least half black I think he's black yeah
he's real light complex it though isn't he yeah it's very light but I think he's I don't know if he's
but I know he's real light the only white guy in that list might have been a vice-cooker he
yeah uh-huh you sound like Hawaiian or something like what was that noisy to
to poopoo to poopoo to poopoo to something like right why is it too that
football is the only sport that this throw you know is carried on and you never see can you imagine
like the mongolans down seven nothing in the eighth inning and Ed Durent the rea gets a blue
single he reaches first he starts shucking and jive no no I cannot imagine that no
why is it just you know you know exclusively football players that act like this
that's a very good question and probably because the national football league is so busy being
about your hypocrites that no other sport would put up with it they wouldn't tolerate it
although I wouldn't say this I would say this though the NBA I was thinking about this the other
Dennis Rodman can you imagine a baseball player or a football player dressing and conducting
himself like Dennis Rodman no no way no way and there you know there are a lot of people especially
white people again who think that he's very entertaining that he's amusing he makes me want to throw up
I look at him and he makes me want to vomit with his drag we've seen and his Madonna bull crap and at
the who was he married to for five minutes and then uh-permanently yeah Carmen the electric
electric this you know I can't see what the chick like her was she would a guy like that she didn't
there was just the whole thing was a gag there he was she was gagging on it obviously
and if I was challenged for the last night I came across sports time yeah what happened to the
the girl in the black guy they're gone they had different they have like revolving host they have
different every a couple of weeks there's somebody new with different on it yeah because I'm
watching the while I'm like there's two different people I didn't know what I'm going to do
well you don't you'll find just a blank screen on that channel before too long
yeah I haven't read you pal hey yeah okay hold on how did I know that just as I was about to put my
finger on it okay so how does that weigh Arnold's food coming by the way anybody seen that yet
here's a mobile in Miami hello hello Neil yes sir how you doing great happy one year thank you
listen here I'm going to Vegas for the first time and I hear that you travel there quite a bit I was
wondering if you can give me a couple of my dad couple McDonald's seven leavens in and out burger
calls juniors out there jacking the box jacking the box a couple of a couple of what what are you
looking for a couple of houses a couple like what do you like to go damn good restaurants forget
about restaurants there's I don't I don't know from good restaurant I don't have time see I can't
waste my time I'm too busy losing money when I'm in Vegas I don't have time to search out they
got Ruth's Chris out there which you can go here but they got two of my they're which are sensational
oh real in fact I would say with all due respect my friends and four-lotterdale the best
Ruth's Chris in the world is the one on Sahara I think it's the era in Vegas okay it's unbelievable
any good shows I don't go to shows no but go to the MGM and go to the you know you'll check out the
Bellagio and you'll say hey is this your first trip yes oh it's your first time ever so you have
nothing to gauge it by so you'll be you'll be so overwhelmed just be sure and check out all the big
joints check out seizures and the Mirage and the Bellagio and MGM grand and maybe you'll go
into New York New York for five minutes until the noise drowns you out you have to run out but
it's great and don't waste your time going downtown okay don't waste your time it's it's bogus
I need one more thing yes sir you put that underpants yeah
I'm not sure if that's the right name oh he's you want to need that awful thing that George
plays all the time and I'm not here what does that thing call that underpants song the underpants
okay have a green deer pal yeah good I'm the risk for me will you okay get out of here I'll
ready get out of here by the way the answer the underpants song is no well wait till George is
here next time to my next vacation okay because I did not play the underpants song in fact I
just I'm glad that he reminded me because the next time George plays the underpants song will be
the last time George fills in okay we have an open line of days five six seven oh five sixty and
pop five sixty I can't believe you play that that is that is the worst it's just a little long but it's
okay no it's not it's a fine song I'd rather play on my own grandpa which I know you hate like
poison which is all it's bad it's weak and I admit that but that's even better than what you
gonna do with all the love you're hiding in your underpants oh and that's just the way he says
underpants I mean just just that phony red necky thing in fact I'd like to hear booger bell
monies would take off on that with a red necky all he needs is a banjo in there that's what we need
to hear one more I know I played it yesterday but that's what we need to hear with the big game
coming up and we use tickets that we're giving away all these all these shameless suckarounds we got
today yeah one more time for the West Coast okay well Buffalo has the football team the greatest in the
land and everybody thinks that's like what's the daily off the Buffalo bill started that's what
what she would I mean so just sing along and you say my Annie and you say Buffalo and near that
Buffalo bells Buffalo bells okay and the greatest team in the history of human race data
Buffalo bells dedicated in slice bread and canned beer
yeah there you go and you and your chance up that red neck stuff you listen to that banjo holy sweet
god listen at when you say Buffalo bills it don't sound so red necky do it everybody sing along
are you bill fan here we go well the Buffalo bills that are best teams they have the best record over
the last five years and they went to the Super Bowl four times which is what I can say for this
comes the conclusion and they're at the greatest because I believe like their uniforms they share
his hell beat that out of having a fish on the helmet cuz they're that Buffalo whole bills
the best football team what I ever seen in the history of my life they are the Buffalo bills
the Buffalo bills the whole of Jim Kelly the greatest quarterback in the league yeah everybody that
Buffalo bills data Buffalo bills and they've been around longer than the stinkin rotten fish well
that Buffalo bills Buffalo bills what would you rather have as a pet a Buffalo or a fish what is a Buffalo
bill it puts the lotion in the basket I bet it does 1226 at 560 WQM George is brought up a good
point today being my one year anniversary here on WQA and which you can steal some of those old
bumper stickers from some presidential races in the past four more years I do the day baby oh god
in fact after like tomorrow it'll be like three and something even though it'll be three
in a lot it'll still be a three will be that first number as in like there's light at the end of
the tunnel news flash due to recent news of experimental penis transplants taking place in France
there's been a sudden rash of penis theft all across America small and doubt men everywhere are
turning to the wrong side of the law in hopes of finding renegade french doctors to extend their
manhodes if you're a long-dunged man be careful and take every precaution you can lock your doors
and your drawers even padlock your penis to your hip if possible you might even want to monogram it
just in case any individual caught at French or American customs with a stolen penis will be sent
to a fully gay prison for light once again peanut theft is on the rise take necessary precaution
or you could be next about 30 at 560 WQM here's the bag with all the food in it from my
animals from all my food in it a couple of nice neatly burgers with bacon and cheese kosher by the way
oh and a couple of watches to White House with pork kosher with onions perfect no bread no starch no
sugar no SS twins the starch and the sugar and it says on the bag happy anniversary from Hudson
do we know Hudson do we know who that is no thanks Hudson over there Wayne Arnold thanks great
folks like I said I saw Wayne at the gas station the other day pumping it here's a lot of
day I'll buy the sea hello happy anniversary thank you I missed out the show Monday and I
wondered if you went over that story about the waitress from Lakeland that was fired no
can we all have garden about didn't see it you can find the congressman I guess it was representative
Kennedy Republican remember that oh Kennedy that's that Pete Bolger that's the ugly twin yeah
remember the house to discharate committee said BDI piece of crap yeah and his former Democrat and
I guess she mentioned to someone in the restaurant I'll see uh thought that he is ignoring the will
of the people and his vote right then peach and uh and he overheard it went to the manager and
and said you anything to say to me and so she made the statement that uh he talked he was a
turned to the traitor for stabbing the president in the back right he was immediately fired how do
you like that yes well I hope she suits the crap out of them how the hell can they control her
political opinions into where we're stopping burgers in a restaurant well they say that that
Kennedy guy I'm telling you that's Pete Bolger's identical twin the ugly twin the evil twin
the assassin yeah and uh well typical I noticed the newsweek they have lifted all the the congressman
and the way they voted they got a graph scheduled uh color wise that shows you who voted for wife
yeah only four of each party voted the other way well you just wait and see boy as soon as the
senate gets a single one on the seventh and about a week or whatever it's going to be they're
going to zip through this thing like grants a christian man they're going to get over with real fast
just before public makes a state of the union address because uh they're definite they can see the
public's ready for revolution years they're not going to they they're starting to get them as they
but they're doing all this posturing and well you know we have to investigate we have to have
a testimony bullcrap there ain't going to be any testimony in fact these are the same assholes
who were saying in the house we don't have to have any testimony because all these people are all
these people already testified before the grand jury and it's all in Ken stars reports so
I wasted the time and out of the same assholes and liars and hypocrites were saying well uh let's
have some testimony right yeah yeah I agree let's just cut the bullcrap okay and get on with life
yeah uh i also have a shame with your question and everybody ought to go out there and buy that
damn a book about Ken star by James Carvella the disfinished reading last night they get the whole
inside story about Richard melonscape and all these payoffs and all these bribes and about
Ken star being a right wing asshole go out there and get that little book believe there definitely
bright winged conspiracy yes sir right from the get go uh the request i have is uh i don't even know
the name of the bit but it was like done corley owned in a like uh parody of the star wars thing
and uh with different people but uh i don't know what the name of it is what is it it's like
dark corley owned talking to self what is it well wait until our waps oh star waps oh okay have a great
new year pal all right yeah i'll be soon from directors George Lucas and Francis Ford Coppola the newest
chapter in the star wars saga when the heads of two families collide in space they become star
within all star cast jinger of jones as dark veto and more than brando as obi wap canobi you should not
have come back old man your powers are huge you can't win uh if he's likely down now my family will
become more powerful than you can possibly imagine i let you i will put them in the
uh only master google dot alpuchino as Han Solo mio come on grito don't want some of me tell us
you're gonna mess with the bet they have up to my little friend
ill vestor Stallone as Chubacola
with new feature footage never before seen of the ominous Don Java
you stung the freedom legal for taja
you must know how come Han Solo mio turn grito into an egg and potato pie
Tony Danza as Luca Skywalker Yoda
shot at him
look at my son you must go to the dengue robot
the doggo bug is that in the swamp?
no it's a bar on seven streets where all the guys hang out
you must go there and learn the ways of the sauce the sauce is what gives a Jedi and his powers
his energy where is the sword with my kitchen it's in your kitchen it blows between the sausage
and the radio the plaster and the meatballs it combines everything again with special
guest appearance by jolpeshi as princess lioni
you haven't seen anything until you've seen everything and focus the final chapter of the saga
return of the judai coming soon to attend to you may the sauce be with you
from 36 at 560 wc that who that was in there before
i didn't even recognize him i only saw him once before in my life with that bad herpes
but so by the way George says baba k who's the program director over country kiss
was in there and the novities out of the building George said he's an asshole
okay let's do a lady in corral spring so hello hello mio
yes ma'am hi this is a long time listener first time caller
great i'm a woman too thank god we got to know we're three three
yeah we had a cold walking number right
mm-hmm whatever you say i hope now i'm sort of lucky but listen i want to call because you're
off the toilet seat now right i'm off it right now yeah well i'm meeting lunch you don't
want to be eating and sitting on the toilet seat yeah but i'll go
i know some people like how girls mean probably do
um calling schoolers of a toilet at 20 toilet seat
for me at least i thought it was funny okay we went to wildwood new jersey for summer vacation
we're living oh jersey well that is a toilet your wildwood jersey in your case ma'am
and we spend all our summers there before 72 when we moved down here
oh holy all my time but anyway we stated a friend
is a comedian on the weekend then he gave us his apartment for the week and so we
gave you one he has a private with a week okay that's a fan because he wasn't
going to be there using it and so we were there and he never told us about
he had a craft he had a a wooden toilet he had a crack problem
he had a crack on the seat so he had a wooden toilet seat that had a crack
he didn't even say much out for the splinters so no he never easing
tested there was a problem and so my husband uh after we had been out at happy hour and
everything and doing our thing and having a wild good time we came back and he had to do a
quick apple two step as you say and so we're going to the bathroom i mean settle in that seat
and it's riddled like a hockey puck not and because of where the sweat was it broke and the
mean oh god right in the middle of my beautiful lunch i got a mouthful of beautiful
white marble food here and you're telling me uh stories yeah great but i'm really nervous
i don't blame you first i'd like to all do it
if my husband says you don't have to get on and because a lot of times i was going to call
and you say i'm going to warm the car there you go i'm going to have big ones
well we're comping this it was okay sweet i haven't read new year okay can you put me on the
lamp sure and don't do it again okay hang on hang on uh i'm the line and hang on tight on the side
of your bowl yeah toilet bowl story that's what we're going to be hearing for the next several
weeks now like my story at vines vines restaurant there in the davi true stories slow the
ride the thing car just came flying right off of there and it's a miracle i mean with the
urgency with a sense of urgency that my body had at that moment with the like just on the verge of
bursting you could almost like Francis Scott Keystate you could almost feel the bombs bursting in air
and somehow with miraculous amazing uh self-restraint i managed to uh pick that seat right up off the floor
put it back up on the bowl and just mount that baby again in the bowl to and to do it right thank the lord
oh okay we have an open line at day five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line
we got the knots landing lady today we got a great anniversary lunch from million Arnold's
i got me a beautiful toilet seat thanks to our listener out there and thirty bucks more for center one
and what he great brought us a nice check what the hell more could anybody want on those five sixty
qa this is five sixty qa i can keep a tucker in his hands hi this is machina napa to know of
i may be required from tennis but that doesn't mean the stink can't stay with my new fragrance
machina my snow always do machina a combination of fresh cut and they didn't grab at my tennis moment
so even though i'm not playing tennis with my tuna you can still smell or with you
i'm not too strong enough with me but for the moment
1243 at five fifty w2 m how's he doing by the way these days marquina here's a lady in the
tamarack hello hello yes man is this meal yes it is hi i'm calling because um oh gosh they've
never done this before good my um boyfriend is a painter and his friend's a painter and all these
guys talk about his meal and they run around the house going to let them go and they're like
they're these big buffalo bill fans and lotion in the basket oh with that's where he got that one too
oh god i hear this stuff all the time he's right right so um we're we're kind of worried about
the game this weekend i think we're probably going to have to drive up north to watch it
they'll do it too yeah okay they're not going to see it here it's going to be blacked out
unless some miracle that's not and that pathetic that's what a bush league town this is they can't
even sell out a playoff game oh i know it's terrible it's terrible we get dressed up every week
when the buffalo plays we have our uniform yeah our buffalo hat our buffalo t-shirts and we even
got a little kid that runs around in his buffalo stuff but i had to call anyway you up left
shaking i can't believe i'm talking to you you're shaking it yeah me too you believe these guys
so we sit out in the patio they're all yeah did you hear Neil today so it's nice to talk to you
and likewise and have a great new year thank you will you put me on the list i sure will i was
told to say that okay in a car buffalo fan hold on hold on okay by the way if she doesn't
the she doesn't get to take us maybe we'll send her some flutie plates will we send her some
no no we won't won't mind a hell now what's wrong with a duck flutie okay there we go with those
little guys again your David J. Neil's probably going to write another story either they like those
little guys over there like Ray Whitney and Stu Barnes and Marty Stracca and Doug Flutie well you know
some and Dino sister really don't leave Dino out if he ever gets help you enough to play again
you think that'll happen no here's north Miami hello hey Neil yes sir happy anniversary thank you
listen i was listening yesterday to to the clip of that guy that called the Degga that i think
that guy ever taken any any actions really did he do something about that yeah he had a good
uh any occurred his brain time that was real funny madden realize it was a true phone call you
know and then like you said you know you made the guy into a star i object ready with me
a neo whatever you said you know listen i would like to get on the list if i made
please he was so straining with that's why he had a little problem okay hang on pal all right hang on
we call but he's okay good guy put him on there put a for all bunch of people on list it'll make
it tougher you know it'll make it like a contest one thirty we'll draw a name and some lucky
stiff out there two people will wind up going and sitting there ass in my seats which i've never sat in
you've never gone and the tickets are for free that's right it's way close i guess what i had the
tickets for last season two i was in those in those seven months of glorious limbo getting paid
for sitting on my ass and traveling around the world and having a great time and i had tickets for
last season two and did i go to any games last year no am i going to be i go this year no next year no
so there you go just because it's some almost new years and because i'm in such a great mood
because it's our one year anniversary why they'll not kill the show with all these
free lovers on board we done a great job of that here's coral springs hello
hey deal how are you great happy anniversary and happy new year thank you i don't want to be like
the rest of the stores i don't think i'm a big dolphin fan but i don't want to snorke
for any tickets i want to do something for Neil and George over the new years yeah and uh George
has my telephone number if i can do anything at your house i'd rather do something for you than you
do something for me how's that well what is it that you do well i was at your house a couple years
ago i have a pressure cleaning business i'm not necessarily looking for a plug i just want to thank
you for the great entertainment pressure clean what the roof anything yeah sure well what did you
clean in my house i clean out your screens and then i did your uh chat is uchi right before
you have a tile put right that's right yeah so i didn't call for anything other than say happy
clear and if i could do anything for you i'd be my pleasure i was at George's new house as a matter
of fact and it is deck and whose deck was bigger okay have happy new year pal okay happy new year
year thanks a lot okay well he's uh having a little holiday cheer there we have two open lines
in brow at five six seven oh five what we always found that way i know he's a good guy he was in my
house he uh you know not too long i said okay get a win get on here oh he's a good guy and he didn't
want to be paid either i in fact i think i said okay and that's so i took him this long to call back
she want to think don't don't go to like fat rich or rimmer a or in fact that's going to be our
poor question on new year's eve tomorrow who's the biggest cheapscape fat rich or jeff rimmer a boy
that's going to be really that's going to be nip and tuck i don't want to pick on rich water got
that bum knee but that would be really uh who's the bigger free loader fat rich or jeff rimmer man
a tight contest uh um knows as a part of the wire here's my any hello hill yes sir uh passport
renewal myth you will not get it back the same day so don't plan on that yeah but how long does it
take there's three way you can renew your passport okay the the first way and the cheapest way is
forty bucks why i don't care about okay okay i'm loaded the first way is to fill out the renewal
application and mail it away you'll get it back in 14 days second way is you you take your
money mail it away you got to send the old passport right correct along with new photos and your
money and then and the the application for you have to do that yeah the second way is you can
take all that stuff down yourself to the passport agency go through the line and all that
bs and pay an extra thirty five bucks for the expedited fee and you'll get it in the mail in like
three or four days oh that's not bad the third way is you can pay someone anywhere between a hundred
and a hundred and fifty bucks plus the seventy five dollars that the government charges for a
pass renewal yeah and let them do the whole thing for you i don't want to do that i'm not
trusting anybody else in my passport i got a clutch that thing very tightly well then then option
two is your best route i don't know you know in in uh... i mean in plantation city hall is doing
a how could there be any long lines for passport and plantation um i don't know how i will do it
they will not renew your passport they'll take your application your money okay and then they'll
send it somewhere but they will not they don't they don't think that this is next but i didn't
anyway no if you pay them an extra thirty five dollars yeah okay bill then send it to the
now for the table if you still not there for the past for the agency will process it within three to
four days and then they'll send it back to you in regular mail which is almost the same thing as
if you were to go down to the passport agency and do it yourself but if i send it into the mail
i get in fourteen days right that's right even faster if you send them like a bus you have
federal expressway bill or a u.s. mail next day thing okay i'm going to go home and do it today
i'm going to send that thing out immediately all right you can look at the address on the
internet everything well i got all the stuff i got it okay thank you thank you to your passport
control okay we have an open line in day five six seven and then you people under laugh
out there if you don't got a passport oh baby that should be your new year's resolution right now
whether you're young whether you're old whether you're on the verge of death whether you're
somewhere in between whether you're like just barely past fetus age better get you a passport
and brought your little kids out there too all those punky kids it passports for the goth
the mishpothal because god only knows when you're going to be having a hop on a plane and say okay
see ya here's a lady in Kendall hello yeah hi Neil how you doing i'm good hi you great happy
anniversary thank you um a couple days ago or last week you were talking about the Mormons and
their underwear yeah that was Monday because jokashtello was here droid was out the being legal alien
and jokas here and uh never heard of the magic underwear and i only had one call on it well i think
what they're called is temple undergarments yeah that's the official name for them boy yeah and uh
there's a great book um about Mormons well it's actually it's about Mormon it's called the Mormon
murders yeah i've seen that i've never read it oh it's really good and it gives you a lot of insight
what was it about their real strange well even donnie and marie yeah donnie was on my showfures it really
seemed okay to me well their ideas are strange their beliefs are strange they um there's a lot of
traffic in in documents old documents to prove their face yeah and that's what the Mormon
murdered is about it's really good book i couldn't put it down well hey listen at least it's easy
to remember Joseph Smith anyway yeah right right it's that easy name i mean you'll ask your
mahamid all his other names a little bit tougher but Joseph Smith even i can remember that
what was he and one other thing what is the real story with reconciled i missed it every every
time the story is they got fired they were told by peter bouldier they would not be renewed in
feb or when the contract ends they would not be coming back and go look for new job and then
Rick came back and asked for another meeting and in a cheerful plea told the people who that they
killed a station and they didn't have any mourning show and that they were so great in mornings and
iod and on waxy and yadi yadi and they be willing to go to the mornings and people who said
oh yeah you're right we don't have any morning show and he said if you're going to take a big cut
and pay uh we'll put you on the morning and they said okay why don't they have good ratings in the
afternoon they're well not good but the best on that station five they were in fact in the last
trend they were the only ones that went up every other day part and that station went down they
were the only ones that went up and bouldier still uh is an asshole that's ridiculous i can't
i can't deal with Brooks boys oh she uh seriously i mean she uh how could anybody listen or she
she's like a female goldie you hear the voice and even a child immediately tells you that is a
voice that does not belong on a radio okay and that laughs and and every time she laughs it's the same
it's exactly last i know i think it's okay um can i be on the list okay hang on thanks
okay so i'm almost done with my expansive lunch here today
got our passport situation straight now i'm going to go home and squeeze it a couple of times
real tight and the passport too get that all straight enough got a nice toilet seat here
we're kind of clean up our loose ends here at the end of the year that's always a good idea clean
up your loose ends especially if you have one of those felt proletesies god can't even envision that
here's a mobile in fort lauderdale hello Neil yes sir hey good morning how are you great man i am pissed
off and fired up i think i've learned it's about time we talked to somebody that was fired up
and pissed off i'm kind of like i'm i'm a jox and if i get you r2 because you go to the hockey games
right even though you hate Wayne yeah before it's your team right well i'm like that with the
dolphins i've been there for five years i saw the last two years that don't you affectionately
call the brain stem which we mentioned calling them that yeah anyway i have my season ticket and
i can't believe i'm reading the paper and there's almost 50 thousand feet left for a playoff game
what i want to do i want to take away the opportunity to pose or fans that want to get a
preview to go to begin that have never been there all year yeah i take that away and give it
to somebody that i think is deserving i have a buddy mind who just got married and had to sell
off his season tickets to kind of finances wedding and it would be like muck yeah well yeah he kind
of had to do it though he had some response village but anyway oh i see i thought that
formed so yeah i've been calling for half an hour it's been busy even when you say you got
obliteration but i waited and i wanted to talk to you and say happy new year and happy anniversary
and i wanted to get on this list and take those tickets away from somebody that doesn't deserve it
and give them to somebody that does without him knowing okay so if you can put the on hold i'd
like that i would thank you sir oh if this way you know after all of that if this we're like
another day of the year like in the middle of the year i would have gone no but you know can't do that
on december 30th just just out of stadeism but i don't feel real sadistic today or a massacre to
grow however the hell it goes just be like a regular old guy you know once it gets passed two o'clock
you do realize it will no longer be four more years it'll be three plus uh whatever the odd numbers are
mm god just like those people on death row you know they're marking off the days and the people
not on death row i guess they do it the other way around the ones who are counting the days until they
get out now it's not that bad we're having a great time today are we no we're really doing no
all these are suckholes 1256 at 560 wqa m
the meal Roger show now on 560 wqa m Miami Fort Lauderdale
eight but it's it's the one to do hour
will i hate what the two are not two a.m. put that back and back on again
i want what they had before these are my time and guys
moron what the hell they do with any way it's a manly sound and dying really
game i want more Chris more got twice the real high when i listen to this
moron a manly voice won't get my attention i will really get the sip of the shards
a sweetly high voice will get me the other action well i hate what we do with our few way
yeah but that back and back on again i'm going to miss here and straighten in with twice
hi now i'll have to get deeper in that closet again so i'm gonna press all the macho
cranks check out Chris more tonight and he'll tell you the side
yeah there ain't nothing like that but macho sports guys this voice has some
traction they were 12 years old and i can't look like that
yes then a few close to the radio and press the down and get their voices on up there
they're really like time falls
in that chrome man he's smarter than my
one o'clock at five sixty w and bill zimper is going to be here for
a handful broke two o'clock hangs on vacation zimper is in town actually
and maybe you've given like directions how to get around town since you're not so familiar with
the market and then at six o'clock what is it yeah six to seven we've got Josh Friedman's
gonna be ongoing for an hour and then jelda will be on from Pittsburgh from the civic arena
from the igloo from that place where they're gonna be soon out of business up in Pittsburgh
with a free game show the penguins and the panthers seven thirty the night any interest no
i do want to say one thing before we continue with this uh wasting time with aliza suck around
i don't want to get anybody fired in any of these retail establishments but i do want to say this
to you okay my shopping around for a toilet seat has opened up new avenues of this may
came art was depressing i mean the woman air behind the counter she was taken her sweet
time she was in no particular hurry there was a long line of obnoxious people and maybe that's why
but i mean she couldn't have given a crap less but the people at walmart yesterday i'm gonna tell
you something i have never had an experience in my life and i don't want to get back into a racial
thing again i'm not saying because the woman at the came art she was as white as i am and her
a service was pretty uh... piss poor and it's even it's even affected my
sawgrass publics and it seems that there are certain racial minority people i don't want to talk
about it what it is you know i don't want to be uh saying what it'd be but people that kind of
like hang out and they got the young the young sixteen year old kid he's bagging and the uh and she
he's here and she's there to cash here and they be talking and it's like you're not even there
and the scene at the check out at walmart which luckily it was a no long line it was
for the first one online with my toilet seat
and they had a they had a little fun festival and on there at the end of that register
i'm gonna tell you people are managers of these stores who put up with this crap you're the ones
that ought to have your ass fired you know i mean one of the times and i love my sawgrass
publics and every nice to me in there and most of them are really great people but i was at one
point in the express check out because they usually have less than time that day i wanted to
find some fish food and take a dog food whatever and uh and and this conversation is going on
and uh they're talking about you know he don't want to go out with her and she got a date and the
usual crap that you listen and and she i thought i'm not even there and i give her my twenty dollar
bill or whatever it was and then she puts she puts the money on the counter to change and she
kind of like pushes it me instead of like handing a leak and what's that i don't really care
but she like pushes it in me like here get out of here we're having a conversation like i'm an
afterthought not like i'm a customer not like i'm paying my real god damn money but like i'm uh
and like you're bothering us you're interfering with our conversation here
and then wind dicks you over there on uh the one over when you're i post office on bar at boulevard
the one in the uh whatever whatever whatever it was that pleasure called the uh plantation
the town is at the town center some one of those uh two places there
i'm going to tell you something they you check out there it is absolutely unbelievable
they don't even want to be bothered they like push the here here's the change get out of here already
i just go away and you assholes out there that could be your new years resolution the your management
people that if uh you tolerate this kind of crap then you ought to resign you ought to go and uh
flip hamburger somewhere if that's the way you think you will help out a treat the god damn public
that's uh you know paying all these over and played at prices for the garbage that you're selling
man so let me say it came art may suck but Walmart really sucks
really sucks the kind of people you got working at your checkouts man i wouldn't wish on god damn
a till of a hunt i wouldn't wish on peak boulders or the assassin the kind of people you got working at
your checkouts talk about service in this country talking about a bunch of slackards that couldn't
even deflip in hamburgers at burger king because they wouldn't know which side to stick it on
that's how stupid some of these people are you know you just just pay a little bit of attention
okay so we get the transaction right so we know what's going on here so we get the right
amount of change which now of course they have to have the registers that show how much change
to give back because most of these people are too stupid to figure it out themselves and count
it change god forbid they'd have to do that but uh let me say it for the eight minute time you
store management people that don't watch this crap there's something wrong with you there's something
really really wrong with you and maybe that's why some of these stores i don't want to mention
that particular wind dixie maybe that's why some of these stores are like uh you can go in there
and it's like a command performance you could shoot cannonballs up and down the aisles
maybe that's why we're interrupting their party is that that could be it think so and that's why we're
interrupting their party oh jee we got a painting-ass customer here jee oh god here here you go here
some change get out of here we're making a date for tonight here's a mobile in Miami hello
yeah hi Neil happy holidays happy new year Neil and the same user in uh happy anniversary
uh well basically i was counting for because uh okay thank you okay thank you okay we have an
open line in power five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty on the eighteen two that's
it that's it i was calling for right thank you okay here's it that was very nice mobile in pond beach hello
hey Neil how you doing happy anniversary thanks very christmas happy sook is all that right happy uh
poor him yes um quanza yes i haven't figured out what quanza is somebody start telling me to
today i still love what that is i don't know either i have a show killing question yeah um my wife and
i are going to Venice Florence and Rome and we've got Venice and Florence pretty well worked out for
accommodations wondering where you stay or can recommend to stay in Rome and people when they call
with these questions for you but yeah they're really boring yeah uh well it depends on how much
money you want to spend you want to stay in a real good hotel in a very expensive hotel we're staying
in very nice hotels in the other two where you staying in Florence in Florence uh we're staying at
the Rivoli which is four star right down in the uh historical district and then in uh that's more
a location thing and then in Venice at uh denielle yeah yeah i never stayed in Venice you never
stayed in Venice okay i mean never went to Venice but in Florence we stayed at the uh i can't
think of the name of it the very very overpricing the Excelsior i mean the price is a big one
and this is similar to the Excelsior actually it is yeah no it's not the five now the
Excelsior is a five-star hotel is it a five yeah okay well this is a four well they enroll
any damage that's the problem if you want to stay at uh a four-star hotel i stayed in the star
the star hotel metrapool which is uh it's okay i mean it's clean it's not really super modern and
the rooms are small and sterile but it's okay and they got uh they're right next to a couple of
really great restaurants one of our favorite trot the rias downstairs right on the corner there
and it's it's in a pretty decent part of time as far as being centralized right by the train station
okay never been to Venice huh i've never been there that's interesting yeah okay well thank you
very much for the advice i don't want to be on the list when you when you're going uh we're going in
March so it's our 10th anniversary so the what the weather should be okay yeah it'll be a little
chilly but yeah i'm really gonna find we're very excited and i want to get your opinion could
have been here i've been here and you talk about it forever so okay have a great time
you too yeah okay it's your hotel headquarters here we have an open line today five six seven
oh five fifty five sixty by the way don't eat in McDonald's enroll okay please i'm begging you if
you go to Amsterdam you're permitted to eat in McDonald's Burger King Kentucky fry because the food
there blows but don't go to Italy and eat in no McDonald's okay because you definitely will
send somebody after you okay do not eat in McDonald's in a place like Rome and the fact that they
allow them to build McDonald's in Rome somebody ought to be good at okay poisoning the Italians with
the American garbage okay that we continue spreading all over the world all over the world go
to every airport and now we got Burger King and McDonald's in the airport all I'll be honest with
you it beats most of the food they feed you in the plane love my friends in air Canada but
boy your food oh man you want chicken or you want nahi mahi or do you want trouser trout what would you
like just give me home give me off this plane please nine minutes after one at five sixty wq
and hey by the way here's something everybody loves in fact even the max landing lady is a
probably she's probably porking up a little bit from the sound of it that you think just a
little bit I don't want to say porking up I mean you know he's probably in a little trouble again
because she's eaten Ben and Jerry's fish food there you go oh if you're gonna get fat if you're
gonna get you know die from too much of that refined sugar this is the way to do it believe me
go out with a big it back when they imbomb you have a big smile from ear to ear and though and
they can put on your tombstone killed by Ben and Jerry's fish food but boy what a way to go what a
way to go that's right in fact if you have a particular kind of digestive system like I do Ben
and Jerry's is even better than pizza lot that's right wow you'll need an extra toilet seat if
you have enough fish food what is fish food with the pH well it's chocolate ice cream loaded with
gooey caramel and marshmallow just stripes and stripes of all that good stuff right through the
middle of it and little chocolate pieces shaped like fish kind of stew all throughout that stuff it
is just unbelievable and Ben and Jerry's continues to make the best the most unique the most
unbelievably great flavors in the world like chocolate cherry Garcia or your regular cherry Garcia
or New York superfudge chunk chocolate chip cookie dough chunky monkey chubby hubby heath bar crunch
oh god I love that and that's really max too and they also make a lot of these flavors in frozen
yogurt which is lower in fat of course but still tastes as great as the real thing Ben and Jerry's
isn't just another ice cream it's an addiction and it certainly isn't watery like that I don't
want to mention hogging us like some of those ice creams that are watery are just filled with
fillers Ben and Jerry's is all the real thing it's MS so pick up 50 or 100 points at your
favorite supermarket or convenience store or visit your two Ben and Jerry's scoop shops in Miami
there's one of the ovens true of mall between blooming dales and AMC theaters there's one on my
meat beach at 760 ocean drive or pick them up at my mobile stage maybe you'll run into way
this is 560 Q.A.L.
all right this is G Gordon Lydia and they don't come any worse than Neil Rogers
and now ladies and gentlemen let's take it behind the scenes to talk with Mike Tyson himself
it's time to sink our teeth into the facts and who better to deal with that than Marv Albert
Mark I have an episode of Marv Albert and we're here with Mike Tyson and Mike right off the
van what presents you to Mike Kiz here Dan Glossman I understand Mike because you just
find a contract with Nike to promote boxing shoes yeah these new shoes they're going to be called
yeah Tyson in the new slogan for Nike just to it all right Mike how does it fail to be a
two-bit boxer that's a real back fight comment don't you think Marv how would you like it if I pull
the rug from out underneath you hey by the way what does NBC stand for nibble bite and chop how about
you watch paper cheerle fight me mom you fight best Mike coming to the thesis Ellen Palace
that Thanksgiving Marv Albert and Mike Tyson in the real Neil ladies and gentlemen let's get ready
to nibble it went on a margin of Nebraska now Ben it's us 1 14 at 5 60 WQM oh he haven't played
yes sir I got interesting backplay today Neil you know like Iowa does that lotion in the back
could seem do you just played yeah yeah that guy just happens to be Ted Levine he was in bullet with
Nicky Rock Nicky Rock Nicky Rock Nicky Rock and my C K E Y I know USC oh by the way speed of that
think of that isn't that interesting here's where did I see that was it in the herald or the
sun sentinel if it's a real shot at the him about how he might actually patch up his meteor
correcting career what was that oh here it is it's in the people column in the herald this morning
in the last paragraph of course at the very ass end Mickey work this this is the crystal ball
for the coming year it says Mickey work roses in actor when he gets breast implants to play the
part of a transsexual there you go pretty sad you know that pretty pretty sad fading fading you know
X whatever the hell he was wannabe has been chronic when you become a chronic caulor on a radio
talk show that tells you that you're all washed up why didn't he arrest him for saying Mickey
might be a few mother I say come over here you suck around not you out that's what I said here's
Davie hello and you know how's it going okay sir and that is pretty sad Mickey Rock calling
these shows be him and at the bister chronic son is it like a mother father team yeah I've heard
them before a lot of her bumper team I have a comment a question and then suck around obviously
my comment is my friend worked at pro player a couple years ago and he told me that
sometimes they wouldn't flake the number of tickets available yeah to put like fear in the fan oh
that doesn't work here I just know it doesn't work here it's never had any impact okay yeah that's
true that's true we've had I think the last couple years they've had pretty good
well no you remember the Rams game and they had ten thousand on soul seats and then never
moved I mean nothing happened yeah it is kind of an event driven that's what Hank always says
also there's a joint event driven but which is a nice way of staying a front running for
me yeah in other words if the other team has enough fans down here like a doing the giants come
here or the jets if the other team can put about 20,000 people in the seats then we can maybe sell
it out that's true and it's nice to know we're consistent because that goes for the hurricanes
and I'm gonna say again here they got this this micron PC a weed lacquer bowl their last night
and they claim 44,000 people in there and I turned it on just for a couple of minutes to see how
many people were in the stands and if there were 44,000 people there it's a miracle you ever
know that's what you have planned in it you ever notice how the overhead shot when you got a nice
full stating it's like directly overhead the boom shot was like at an angle where you can see
like one side of the stadium right even then it was like pathetic you know it was a whole upper
deck last night was empty yeah it was it was it looked like a marlin's game as a matter of fact my
question is this whole buddy nevin's thing does he hate your guts because you keep you know
bringing up the fact that it was like one of these bogus stories you had on the radio panel he
just hates my guts period I don't know what the reason being for but he just he despises me and he's
one of these phonies in the print media who like to put on an act and pretend that they like you and
they're your buddy and they'll call you and suck around for information and then I'll stab you in
the back like that thing about I wasn't registered to vote which I never said I was registered to vote
right and you know he puts it in like it's a big expose I guess in hopes that it would somehow
discredit me and the audience would all go a diving away because I don't didn't vote or whatever
right this is a stick but that business about the radio pedophile ring you know see and again
that must be a part of it because there was no such ring there was no such story there wasn't
ever any follow up and this guy you know sucked his editors into putting it on the very front page
and it just blew up and smoked there were most other people who had gotten canned for that
right that kind of irresponsible journalism and now this guy pretends to be some kind of like a
political maven writer that writes basically if it's no more than a god damn political gossip
columno once a week in a sunset no he ought to be lucky works for the hell they tolerate stuff like
that let's come send oh come sorry come sendo correct um one other thing do you do you play ACN bits
yeah um I don't know if this was ACN but do you remember uh a bit called indictments and it was
I think a Marian Barry oh yeah a bit that was pretty good if you can find that one and play it uh
well the problem is I got the I got oh jeez I just not oh now my toilet say Jesus Christ I have it in
break Jesus um it was called Marian Barry indictments but the problem is I guarantee it's not in the uh
there they're uh golden library which they call it it's more like an olden letter let's see Marian
uh it's probably not in here but I'll look for it okay and could I be on the list please okay hang on thank you
isn't that what it would be under that would be it's not it's not in here
American comedy network you're all you're oldy moldy a library really blows very weak bad
it'd be bad all my toilet seat oh thank god it didn't break
because my good close personal friend there got me a real quality one a real good one
oh thank god for that can you imagine yeah just the idea of having a schlepper
round for another couple of days looking in search of a toilet seat here's a lady in Miami hello
hello yes ma'am I knew how are you great I don't want any tickets
good yeah okay I got stuck on I'm 95 yesterday yeah so I got off and I was going down
newest one because I was on my way to for a lot of day around Evan turret Neil
a hundred million year old people on the road oh it was terrible yeah terrible you can't even
think of their soul even on the best of days when we used to when we've done our appearances at
Evan's here like when we were at Ben and Jerry's here a couple of months ago and you drive out of
there and you tried desperately to get to 95 so you can get out of that part of town as fast as
possible I mean Evan'sura is just the meaning age there's 140 I was ready to kill myself
yeah five miles an hour in the big old cattle I can't even see the single variable and in closing
yes everybody over a hundred should drop dead okay okay a lot more room on a highway I'll
guarantee you that all right all you people over the age of a hundred the nice knowing you okay but
even Bob hope I don't think he's going to make it that far nice knowing you just time to check out
when in doubt just say we're going to check out just hop on a bus and maybe we can find a place
okay like Viral Beach would be good huh that's a real courses as place Viral Beach or um
Stuart huh yeah the West Code that would be good there's plenty of old parts over there in fact
in St. Petersburg the grandparents of the dead people here all live in St. Pete that would be good
there's a lot of a wide open spaces over there or maybe one of those islands they have over there
you know like those real quiet islands everybody keeps schlepping to and I have no idea why like
Santa bell well why do people go there I'll tell you why because there's too many goyem in this
space that no that's the problem people that have no idea where to really go to have a good time
we go to Kathiva we go to Santa bell and you know and every time somebody says that I have one question
why I mean well what are you thinking about you got a vacation how many vacations even the
yours totally gets a lot of vacation not as much as the program director gets 30 weeks a year but
you know Santa bell island or Kathiva what are you thinking about why yeah oh it's nice and quiet
there so fine so lock yourself in the house and you know get a big giant economy sized
yard vacillation have a good time or something go and treat you of quiet for some people I really
know where to go like North Carolina George here's a mobile in Hollywood hello hello Neil yes sir
hey happy new year and the same to you and happy anniversary hey um I was on 95 yesterday
toward northbound yeah I was doing the speed limit I had this highway patrol pull up behind me he
turns his lights on and pulls me over he tells me how speeding I said how was I speeding when I was
doing 55 because I clocked you doing 65 I said there's no way he gives me a ticket for $200
tells me to go on my way so now what should I do about this what should you do call a ticket
defense team I'll get you off and try to fight with them what do you mean I'm trying to they'll get
they'll get it thrown out just about guaranteed okay and one other thing what is it okay hang on
hang on if your phone don't crap I'll get them right away oh is it too late is this one no okay
kind of like his phone was just about on the verge of taking a big here's a mobile in Miami hello
Neil how you doing great happy new year happy anniversary and happy hot thank you so much
yeah tissue both I have just you know I have to agree with you with this whole uh service in the
retail industry Miami it has been absolutely atrocious I mean it's yeah it was never good but it is
getting worse and worse and you go you go at any kind of a store now and you finally get to the
checkout if you ever get whatever it is you're looking for and you get to the checkout and they they
are so indifferent and so lackadaisical I mean I mean realize those people are making a lot of money
but uh tough crap I mean if they decided to take the job that's uh that's their decision they have
responsibility to pay attention at least hey I worked in the retail industry when I was in high school
and I didn't treat anybody with the time this right I've done the same thing and in this and see and
I mean I was in a in a major office apply store uh you know just recently getting some stuff and I
I saw this man who was bewildered with the printers and he asked this young lady who obviously
worked their walk by and he goes by the way can you help me with these things he goes oh no no you
have to ask somebody else I'm just a cashier I just walks away yeah he doesn't even say oh no
oh not my mom you know I'll find somebody for you yeah I mean it's just it's been ridiculous
anyway uh another thing I want to tell you about if there was 44 thousand people I know
minority unemployment high high minority unemployment is also a cultural thing so maybe one needs to
the other yes by the way I think the managers are just in fear that they're not going to be able
to fill those positions because nobody want nobody nobody wants to work with the low-end stuff yeah
well I think they're under a lot of pressure you know forgetting a certain amount of minorities
in there in these stores they have to do that EOE thing and the EEO or whatever they call these days
and as a result they just look the other way in pretend they don't see it but I'm going to tell you
when a place as good and prestigious as my sawgrass public has a bunch of slackers doing that at the
express lane I take great the exception to that that there's no excuse for that you know have a great
one and you two a back full crap of acting like hey and and you know you're standing there and you're
watching it I mean it's not like not like you're doing it behind your back you're standing there
and they're talking back and forth and and maybe whoever's doing the back and the groceries
it just slap it in there you know I mean they're not even looking at them or paying any attention
because they're having a conversation they're just doing this like they're doing you a favor
this isn't their job they're not going to pay for this they're doing you a big favor
or just kind of slapping a crap in the bag okay man
but I must say maybe it's a cultural thing you know it's like doing the Ike shuffle or something
one twenty five and five sixty wq a miss where's my meat
this is Debbie oh hi Debbie I'm interested in getting some operations done okay and some
body contouring and some liposuction and I was wondering if it's tummy tuck and the lip
augmentation cosmetic compresses are really face gift for all of these things
and I was wondering boys like to start with well I need to get everything done probably the
first thing I'd like to have removed is my my thing okay we don't do that no could you do breast
implants though uh it can't be done but they don't know how they would do right away
the lotion in the basket how much uh five thousand excellent I'd like to have my
skin resurfaced too laser surgery have the lamb stop crying yet mommy excuse me don't hurt mommy's
little baby it puts the lotion in the basket I'd like to get the liposuction that I saw on TV
okay can you make me look more like a woman well we'll have to see you first and then
upon looking actually we can tell you that when we see you should I wear my skin suit made of
body parts mommy if you'd like to it puts the lotion in the basket what you like to make an
appointment yes okay um there is a hundred dollar consultation fee that's fine okay okay um
my name is Buffalo Bill okay let me get a little information from you okay
okay it's like it puts the lotion in the basket I understand it puts the lotion in the basket
do you want to come in for a consultation for you want to get a lotion in the basket okay
do you want to make an appointment or do you want to call me back there what's the lotion in the basket
I understand I got my skin suit and it will look like you uh Bill it puts the lotion in the basket
I understand that what do you like it puts the lotion in the basket what do you like to make an
it puts the lotion in the basket okay I will talk you to the time okay it puts the lotion in the basket
oh oh I think she hung up yes oh god 131 at 560 WQ and we got Bill's in for for
for Hank it too we got Josh Friedman at 6 we got Galdi at 7 for the pregame show and the Panthers
in the Penguin 739 okay drawing time okay we don't have a drum roll how about we do we have a
drum roll since when always have we have never had no drum roll
cereal
by the way we have the uh all your names are numbered you're on pick and upper
out of my middle with beating by yarmlet with the uh beating on the thing with the uh what you call
the Worley bird yarmlet number 20 who is
Carolie oh my god a woman got it oh somebody's gonna be these guys gonna be foaming at the mall
look at the mall drop off huh what the fact that they're all drop off there's other there are other
people coming on they really have something to say like we're disappointed that the three
loaders dropped off am I worried about that no forget about that that's okay so number 20 there's
the winner George Carolyn whoever you are in Georgia will be given your call and enjoy the game
and you got your parking pass and two great club seats and you're welcome and have a happy new year
and whichever team you're pulling for fly sure hope that wasn't the bills fan wasn't I don't
remember which one that well we don't ask for names when they call the fly sure hope because the
rest of these people of East Iconic they'll be foaming at the mouth if that was the woman from a buffalo
maybe it was Mrs. Buffalo Bill here's son rise hello hey Neil yes sir hey um I've
roomed before I got mad my roommate was a manager of public and he would come home every night so
pissed off to all those little n words that he had to fire and he'd have to go do stacks and stacks
applications of retarded 15 year olds that wanted a job what a sack of crap yeah I know I mean he
was mad mad mad mad I figured all the colors would drop off as he gave away them yeah but everybody
out they're all replaced everybody's on there all the real colors are back yeah I'm sorry that they
had to put up with like two and a half hours of free loaning all right Neil you're great have a great
new year I've been new here bye yeah it's too bad you know what's the excuse that it be for this okay is
this another cultural thing is that what we're going to be hearing about and I'll say I'm not saying
it's only members of ethnic minorities that do this but I certainly do notice a much greater lack
of sensitivity to the needs of the customers you know I'm talking about you get the message that's
right have a bunch of punk kids then they're talking trash back and forth and they're like like you're
not even there like you're the invisible man like I'm remalander something oh there'd be a customer
here but hey so anybody night 730 you know Rufus got to be I mean I'm not interested in hearing
that crap talk about it during the interviews when there's nobody online and especially when you
are the only person online like I happen to be at that express check out a public several days ago
there's nobody behind me so you know bag the stuff giving my change and then finish your conversation
when I get down out of the way here already you got plenty of time to talk BS to talk all
after that's right unacceptable you know and this is the problem living in a country where we have
to pamper everybody if you want to do the job fine if you want to socialize great it's just like
the thing with a hockey game if you want to watch the game if you're there to pay attention fine if
you want to socialize go out in the hallway it's a big gigantic beautiful luxurious place go in the
T-Roman compare each other's a big deal okay compare notes man here's a lady in Kendall hello
hi Neil how you doing um the other day I uh put on the super talk yeah see just see how broke
was doing yeah it's about six o'clock in the afternoon and something weird really really weird on
there apparently she's only on from three to six and six o'clock what is his loud asses on from
Monday to three right but who is it on at six o'clock whoever he was it was Monday around six I didn't
get a name he's talking about how he left town and went to Arizona yeah and he quickly didn't want to
work fully foul oh Tom Likus that's a syndicated show that's the thing that's what they're doing now yeah
oh okay did he mention the fact that he left in the middle of the night and sculpted yeah yeah he
talked about that I beat the crap out of minute ratings and he left uh night oh is that why he left
right oh okay yeah he can't he was gonna be a hot shot when I left WNWS and went to INZ he was
the replacement and he got he got a customized license plate that said Neil who and then when the
first full rating book came out and I had a seven share and he had a three he left like a no
seriously he left it like a middle of the night he didn't resign he didn't tell him any drove off
the Arizona I'm working out there for a while yeah that's that's exactly what he was talking about he's
a third burger he's a crack and I couldn't figure out who the hell he was I knew you would know yeah
calm Tom don't like us that's him well anyway that's another syndicated show he's coming out of
the west coast and he's not there at I.M.C. I mean it they've taken virtually all the live shows
off of that station destroyed it but all I've got been is broke on from three to three to three to
insides of the inner morning started on jaylor's soul now that's gonna be I'm not gonna be
listening to that right god I've got your tapes okay if I didn't have your tapes I wouldn't
kill the gifl okay all right but have a happy new year bye so how do you like that Peter Bull
and by the way here's a great fact somebody has fact to be bolder it says Neil is right in asking
how you sleep at night after making the decision to fire Rick and suds your back step after Rick's
cheerful plea then you have the audacity to go around tell everyone we have to put our strongest
your own mornings really you have to put them on mornings i thought you were gonna fire them
Pete and it goes on and on great facts thank you very much mr. R. T. P. or P. P. or whoever you are
and that's what Pete ought to be wiping with with T. P. because he is walking he really is he's a
walking turd burger bulge or he's walking that's right on two legs i mean you know it's one thing
it's one thing to protect yourself and everybody's got to look out for their job but to be such a
professional suckle and such a cook and dagger or assassin like he is and to lie about anything
and everything i mean it if the guy told you what day of the week it is you'd start calling
your resolution to get a calendar to make sure yeah there's nothing this man could tell me to
what i would believe and the answer by the way if uh what's your name rana if rana is wondering
if i might ever work for that organization under any circumstances even after i should leave
here the answer is no no chance no no you sure no yes 22 till 2 at 560 wqa if you bench of palmanor
covers over this performance by the dolphin tonight on time news actress windy day will demonstrate
threat self-admination first and foremost the procedures for self-admination are identical
no matter what size you may have disregard the fact that i have 40 double d and just be
attention to procedure first unbutton the bra as i'm doing here it's important to be
meticulous in your examination i like to go over a senior area more than one for sure and i like to
start from another region and work my way to the center in a circular motion
oh that sounds terrific
join windy day as demonstrate threat self-admination on time news all of this week
142 at 550 wqm i was pretty interesting so i get the two lovely sweaters in there they're
lovely from a barrens and uh because i went in there and was asking some i never went in there in
my life well like i said it was really an interesting time i had it but at any rate so here's the
fact a Jacksonville Jaguars van arrested for selling two tickets for six cents over the legal
profit margin has settled with the city after we sued their ass saw canvas steven david i think
that's a bad fact uh of largo received twenty five hundred dollars from the city the city's donating
the money to the Jaguars foundation to buy tickets for underprivileged children he was arrested
November 15 after police said he sold an undercover officer two tickets each at 28 cents more than
their face value a city ordinances people can sell tickets for no more than 25 cents above face
value oh he was like six cents over the limit and he sued their ass and he said okay here's 25
hundred bucks please go away and he said okay how do you like that like i said it's a police state
baby they're worried about this crap and anytime in Miami they're shooting each other like flies yes
someone's impersonating you meaning what jokas fellow just called to say that he was embarrassed
and they were telling him the whole story about how you were in there and you were a great guy and
you kiss somebody on the hand and all this stuff all of these things all these things i've
never been in barrens in my life it was probably fat rich oh yeah he's no he was this is the
study pulled years ago he's probably back at it again uh fat rich is probably a back to an
again you know maybe things are getting a little bit tight you know fat rich reminds me of my mother
wow almost is neurotic here's a crawlgables hello Neil yes sir how you doing great call the
sucker out for some tickets i guess i was late yeah sorry about that i like talking to you anyway
hey uh went to the renta senta the other day the yenta senta yeah that's why they put it
out so many old people working on the the other day and then anyone know where anything is
because it's the ante center and as far as new news in vegas it's great man i had a great time
couple years ago on your recommendation yeah i should have gone i i canceled all my head plans to go
this weekend i canceled it all because i i need to well you know just uh that's a
that's a good thing man it is for new years especially it's like wild you're right all right man take
anything and have a good new year yeah round the clock baby in vegas you'll be up 24 hours
a day you'll be a rocket and stocking and plunging your brains out maybe get a little bit lucky that's
where the action is i don't care what bullcrap anybody tries to pedal you that oh and guess last
night i'm channel surfing you won't believe you won't believe who's asked lary king sucked for an
entire hour last night and the reason i know that i didn't watch obviously the whole hour he kept
saying he came with us for the whole hour you'll if in a million years speaking of vegas you'll
never guess who he uh sucked who's asi kiss for a whole hour last night i'm not close no seriously a
vegas entertainer a lot of hair he speaks he with a phone yeah weighing the indian yes weighing the
uh and then to do it that yeah i like restoring kids that sucked so hard that it was uh they had to
keep wiping his pus off and i like i like the way when the NBC i see them uh because the mafia
story he talks to his teeth you know what i real phoney shot not so sincere uh kind of thing he does
and then at the end of the show i turned it back on and lary is going on with pictures about how fat
well actually what i do is in between the year when the hockey game was on and i flip back over he's
showing pictures of one way used to be fat real fat and at the meantime he's cut back to him he's
still like a mountain you know he's hiding behind the uh the uh thing there but he's he's enormous
he kept making these strange sounds these strange i can't do it like he does he's like yeah in fact
even Brian Rurie is not in his league when it comes to making us the strange
similar kind of sound you know i'm talking about and then to do it that yeah thanks
load out your ass don't be thirsty at us here's a lady in Miami Beach hello hello man yes man
yes a happy anniversary happy new year yeah i i enjoy your show so much of course yeah a voice in the
wilderness uh yeah those people that were calling i mean it was really heart-winding the
story oh yeah oh listen it will stop enough in the makeup while sir it's like the guy that had
14 splinters in his rectum that wouldn't toilet seat that cracked yeah that was good that's my
army i tried to get through and it was busy and and almost instantly after you picked the name the
line a whole changing altitude boy as soon as i gave that uh did the drawing and all of a sudden
there was like open the skies no much no i couldn't bring up a subject desk a boy used to be
an avid fan and they give us no explanation uh and alone in the morning so uh was on the tv
and he was almost kind yeah and he said we can't give we can't give anymore
lonely fifty dollars yeah well thank you i enjoy your show okay well listen your spare time
over the holidays what's left of them take up a collection get on a street corner get yourself a
cup and maybe we can help us go out yeah right i think we should do that i have a happy
you can maybe uh maybe buddy nevin's he knows what good charities are all about maybe we can get
baldy there got caught up a few million for each of the players to tie them over through these
really hard and tough times huh are we willing to do that no here's uh pamper time hello it puts
the lotion in the basket yes yeah and it's it that was the medley of his material
three weeks are on a scale of ten i give it about a minus infinity pretty weak two open lines
in date now all of a sudden five six i can't imagine why five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty on the AT&T wireless line tomorrow being december 31st i'm curious you think we ought to
like uh do part two of what i did last week because there's a lot of stuff i think like the last
half of the alphabet in the DCS i never got to so probably we ought to do that tomorrow in honor
of the holiday because it is new year's eve and we don't expect why to get all busy and tanked up
off for the holiday we don't expect to be making any phone calls to this show tomorrow maybe one or two
here's lake worth hello hello yes sir happy new year same to you sir happy anniversary this is john and
lake worth i just think you know that fact yes john what a great american this is while i feel
honored you've actually read three of them this week was they've all been good i think i have i am
the one and only who penned that letter to rana wolf yeah and got that ridiculous reply how do you
like that reply you ought to be very proud that you got that another wine facts from people to
about how we have to put our strongest talent on in the morning and here's the guy that was going
to blow them out yeah let me tell you what i've been listening to you right around the time of
the film and the rickensaws i don't want to bring all that up again but i guess been about what four
years yeah the radio industry amongst these types of shows to me is so predictable it's not even
funny i mean this this change that he made i mean you know but i can even tell that it's going to
fail right within the first three months i mean it's not going to go anywhere i to put them in the
morning that's why i wrote that letter you know i know being the chief as alpha today or you know
they're not going to give them any more support in the morning the i would you give them in the
morning and then they're not going to do anything with them and get in there just their on your
not only that but i mean as as i stated in the letter the competition the competition
they were unmatched in the afternoon with the exception of hang right okay the competition in
the morning bomb each they can forget about it everybody's about bob and tom fans with i am so
i'm kind of like torn in between the two but the one good thing is that now i don't have to cut
back to the first team during the commercials of bob and tom i mean we're in here every start in
Monday oh that's good i'm glad to hear that but it's it's just you know it's so unpredictable
it's so predictable and especially like you said put in brook back on in the afternoon i mean
she she flopped the first and again the story which i tend to believe knowing Pete boulder and
his erratic behavior the idea that they ran into each other at a tire kingdom store and while
they're sitting there waiting for their tires to get uh for their rubber to get done no actually
you misunderstood she was changing tires yeah i believe that okay i think he said hey do you need
a better job yeah right i mean i just i listen i believe that if you ever met brook you
totally have a little heart beat yeah i just i see uh
yeah i push the security device in your car and i she happened to come in the control room with
George on that day so i've met her and i'll tell you what all these guys that think she's got that
sultry voice and all these guys that she's some hot-looking woman they've got another thing coming
to them if they actually saw her but uh listen i just wanted to say um as far as these sports teams
go okay uh with the ticket prices and everything i i my phone prediction is probably within the
next five years all pro sports teams all of them will be pay-per-view yeah it could be i mean you're
gonna have to pay the cable companies it's gonna be a pay channel there'll be more sports channel
type things because there's no way they can't possibly squeeze the fans anymore than they already
have they can't raise the parking anymore than they've already have so the only other option for them
and and and the the the the the networks aren't gonna pay certainly anymore than they have especially
for the mediocre crap that we're watching yeah the only other way to do this to have some sort of
of of pay-per-view what do you think well if if they last that long i mean you know the NBA who knows
what's gonna happen with them after this year gets canceled and baseball with these crazy salaries
i think they're gonna see a tremendous family both this year it's gonna be ridiculous and who knows
how long they're gonna last now i know and in a hockey there's so many franchises that are in big
trouble Pittsburgh penguins they they say they can they're gonna play one more year after this
season they're and then after that if they don't build them in a arena they're gonna move probably
to Kansas City whatever happened to them they already failed before whatever happened to them you
possibly getting a piece of the team that that that didn't pan out they still know they go in 25
million and they're still not painted by the way no i know and i'd like to see what's gonna happen
they're gonna have to go chapter whatever it is they already did they went chapter 11 they had a
bar 20 million from a friend from a foreign bank just to meet payroll for the year well listen
and closing i have never called in for free tickets but if you ever have front row for a public
execution of Wayne Highsinger you put me down okay John i love having a anniversary in back to
okay there's John from Lake Worth who's a great to color and factored by the way it's 152 at 560
wqm hey listen year end scores you don't have to worry about bowl games about playoff games
we're talking about cigar scores you know that's how i have that nice friendly cough
probably from too many goddamn cigars but hey listen you'll love especially with new years man you
gotta have yourself a big fat one in your push on New Year's Eve that's the only way to ring in the
new year so go down to next today or tomorrow and get yourself a one there or a whole bunch of
their great cigars next have got five brands rated in the top 25 in the universe by the latest
edition of December edition cigar insider magazine every year at the end of the year they published
the best cigars of the year and out of the best cigars of 1998 five of them are from nixigars
so another would take scored as well or better than some of the big names in the industry like
koheba and mottie christo and opus section like rodeo kobana so if you want to really get a great
cigar in the affordable price and not get ripped off you'll get premium cigars that factory direct
prices only at nix leaving you be a little guided tour the operation down there and sure
all the working care that goes in to make an each and every one of these great stogies whether you
like something mild whether you like something really strong and be sure and check out their new
predominant reserve line which also made that top list it is absolutely outstanding next
cigar is 711 west flag we just take the palmetto expressway right to flag your street you make a
your left you go east one mountain right there at the door call 305 266 907 happy holidays from all
our good friends at nixigars fix something on in your bus get your sticks at next this is 560
qa m
