First thing this morning our who to calls which cut you all the bull crap you're right to do your chase
And that is done pretty given little guy credit all week last week. I kept hearing oh gee
He's you know he's a flash in a pan and he's okay against week opponent and he's okay in the shore
I he a played great yesterday nice gone Dougie and
number two
Dumbest coaching call well in fact this weekend there were two of the dumbest coaching calls and
comments in the history of the human race
In this business about why you know taking a risk they got the game first of all Buffalo
Mrs. The field goal Christie who's eradicate best
Mrs. The field goal early in the game then that offense gets the ball go down for touchdown
They got all the momentum going on airside that all season long third and one through the first and goal on the two yard line
If they're gonna get a touchdown Danny has to throw the ball because they can't run in the clutch. They can't run an inch
So they got fourth and an inch on their own 36 yard line and I'm saying to myself at this point
When Jimmy Johnson with his white hair says all golf or it's all you name
That's what I always say go forward. It's all in it. They say no. We'll pass. Thank you
And I'm saying my boy if they should wind up losing a close game very early in the game because he's a hard-ass and
What can I tell you and he don't like the medium does like anybody that would your criticizing so he can't say that and
Then lost the game foodie played great. That's that's it and then of course the panthers come out there on
What night was it Friday and say that one great game of the season they played so far against the black ops who are pretty mediocre anyway
But nevertheless here you go great again Mike Mark perish four goals
It's you a
Florida spot not good. It's great
Such assholes they are but guess what he's gonna ask. Oh, there you go
So at any way one of the interesting things that came by that then I psyched profusely the guy that brought it
Because I never thought I would see a copy of this was
Okay, play it slower and also inside the box of the video
Hollywood classic collection so if there's anybody out there that would like to know what but they also have re-promiveness
And if anybody wants to own copy this is
1936 by the way with you that movie came out and if you want your own copy of it to find out where you're you know
Where all this is scary about marijuana came from in his country. This was the movie that started it
It is the campiest most hysterical. He's a crap
Here's the telephone number you can call it's 818 9 9 1
But profusely the guys who brought that by I a fantastic column which I'm gonna read. Oh, is he gonna read again today?
I guess he is. That's the it is pretty long
From city length October do you think we really have somebody in town whose real name is Howard Wheeler
Or what because you know me I hit those pony names like the erudges. I can't stand it
It says very dillars experiment in Miami is flashing like a classic TV wreck it's crashing baby
Says when used properly in plan well television is the single most gripping former communication known to man
It is taking us live to other planets a lot of us to watch leaders of countries go down in flames
Let this entertain and sometimes gasping for breath of the scope of human drama and competition
However when used improperly and left to the devices of those better suited for something as intricate as taxi taxi
Dermy television as the innate ability become nothing more than a wash our accent on I 95
Everyone stops to look at the carnage then shakes their head and disbelief
You've seen these TV rec survived the pony the waiting of the mucosa
Acid use the magic tower on top was smoke about the basketball superstar would be able to
Spring two months. They'll are honest a lot of the words together
Along with Paulie Shore of Gary Colton you get the idea
After the start cross graveyard the local programming concept known as city vision now playing locally on Wami channel 69
Brought to you by media mogul and home shopping that were founder Barry Diller
He's an asshole after a few months of doing this bold and expensive effort
One could surmise that now since NBC's super train is there been such a loud costly and visible train wreck on the tube
If this station were sold on bill or shopping network would be paired with Gimpsu knives and chia pipes
Trouble is the station would cut the value of both
Not in CBS first block WCIX and hired a sportscaster from Cleveland
You used to end the shows by ringing the large-earned cast belt against the week award as they've been such an embarrassment and softloaded television
Certainly never in the history of television in general and so badly
The concept was greeted with skepticism by just about everyone in the industry including the almighty advertising sector
An entire station filled with nothing but locally produced programming the plan was to launch in Miami becoming huge success
Then import the concept to deal as other stations in places like New York and Chicago at the rate when he has progressed the home shopping network is looking better all the time
Even before when he made its debut a mistakes were made from which the station has yet to be covered the marketing scheme was identified as Miami
It take off on the call letters this the theory went would show the stations post knit ties for the area and be easy for all to remember
Which see it as the city as a blight on the landscape
Also a lot of consumer dollars come from Broward in other words right from the very first second of every time
Man when he managed to all alienate a huge force the potential viewers strike one
At falling to the ground like those autumn leaves don't get too excited about a couple of games
But decisions in this town over the weekend. Oh my just enough to me just a piss off the Pope
Open line in day five and you mark my words there'll be people there'll be assholes in this town who got their headway up
Jimmy's ass who will be defending that decision. Oh, what's wrong with the coach?
You know being a gutsy
Gutsy is one thing stupid is another thing
What's the upside of making a first down on first and fourth and an inch on your own 36 yard line when you got to lead
You got all the momentum going or he wanted to take the crowd out of the game
Yeah, any of the Pope with one of his final stupid meaningless articles and held this one starts out like he's gonna criticize
Jimmy for that. In fact, he says one
I was one of his
He says
It's
Jimmy go for it on fourth and one brainstorm was his worst constant
He took over the dolphin to his a gamble with almost no upside and the downside the course that could have cost it
And he goes and finally the art series like backtracking and well Jimmy wanted to take the crowd out of the game
Yeah, right Eddie right you little suck. Oh, you see now old fart
Like I said, I'm at the most of them I get excited because we'll never ever have a real sports writer in this town
We'll never have anybody who really knows how to write an article in which he says something and doesn't
Equivicate and dance all over the place
It was really intimidated and afraid to come out and say it like it is
Did he like bagging they used to be called the excess or whatever what what
What language are you speaking sir?
He's not he's not speaking any language. Okay, just another moron. Okay, they lies are all open five states of difference whether it's based in brown or based in date or based in on
Roar based in you ask based in Uranus
That's the commentary we get there. We the article which is right on target by the way
On everything they said including how dull and boring the present taste of this show has been because there's been no investment
I know no commitment to doing anything to what to give anybody reason to watch it quite frankly
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello
Hi, Neil. Yes sir. Hi, why is my first time following yes?
You're talking about the
NFL I have a good slogan before the NFL and that's no sound leak. Yeah
What do you think? I think you ought to have an ice day. We have an open line in power to and date five six seven oh five fifty
Pop five fifty on a mobile one line. Oh
We're ready for them today. Are they ready for us? 10 55 and taking hello
Yeah, let me ask you a question every time I
Roger that in my quantum scan to the radio I'm always hearing
Reggae music and the patient station. Yeah. What are they? What are they doing about this because I'm getting sick and tired?
Well, then don't just scan the stations anymore. That would solve your problem
We have two open lines that grow and wanted to do wireless line. Here's a mobile in Oakland's part. Hello
Oh, Neil. Yes sir. How you doing? Okay. Okay. Uh couple of the audiences in the on the rag this morning, but that's okay
Uh
I got two things number one. I thought your bonuses were a lot more than
$200. So you are? Okay, but the bonuses. So that's the employee of the month bonus. Oh, I see
Yeah, okay. That's the let's kiss your ass bonus and try to make up for the fact that we have your pissed off all the rest of the time bonus
That's what that is. $200 then I say. Uh-huh. Or if you take the pen then you might get the awarding
So I'm assuming the Hank always takes the pen. I'd like to congratulate the asshole and the dumb trucks
There was like three of them the blue or red light when a baby's in the car. Yeah, I'm not a good thing
Okay, there you go. Just a little work on that. We'll have one. We have open line and Dave and all of our boy
You're slow today. I was just a ball game folks not the end of the world just because you can't stand the truth
5.6705 sign
Here's Miami. Hello
Neil. Yes sir. Have you visited the Adam Kirchner chat room? Like I said two open lines in date and the one in Howard
5.6705 60.0.5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. I we're not having no more chat room on air. Okay
There's another asshole that's just fed it evidently time on the chat room on Neil Godduck
One by the way speaking of that I'm glad he did remind me inadvertently
Because Carol from center one told me that we're selling like hotcakes our merchandise our best and Neil stuff on the uh
Neil Neil Rogers dot com and thank you again Eric and Orlando you're doing a hell of a job for it
If you appreciate more than I could ever tell you
Neil Rogers dot com you can buy the best of the CDs and t-shirts right there off the uh website
So nice going Eric
Here's Miami hello
Hello Neil. Yes sir. How you doing? Okay. Neil you know why you're always a hitting on a poor old Jimmy
Mean what?
Mean he was you know this guy you know he's won two national titles
So let me ask you what is he done in Miami? What does he want here? What do we want?
What does he want? Nothing yet. He's getting me you know. He's regrouping man
Yeah, and you like that call yesterday on fourth and an inch on your own 36-yard line. Well, you know the bold call
It was a bold call. Yeah
How about the word dumb? Does that ever come to mind? No, Jimmy doesn't do it. Does Jimmy ever make a mistake? Of course he does
But you know, but he's a great coach man based on what what is he done here? What are you accomplished? Well, you know he's regrouped
Man, okay. Yeah go for regroup yourself and call us later when you got something to say that might make some sense
Can't not judge Jimmy or Danny boy because they're the untouchables in this town even though everything that I said was absolutely correct
I mean you could have a hundred million people in this town watching the same event and
99% of them will love you it whatever way they decide they wanted to be with ahead of time regardless of what they really see
Don't confuse them with the facts. That's Miami
We have an open line. Dave wanted brown. Why was why?
Mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey, Uncle Neil. Yes, sir
Got your bike down over the weekend. What up today, Tony?
But the little fall of the time on the beach
On the way coming back of course down high 95 what do I see but a tear of banner falls driving down in their mobile home with their cars
If that's hit a back. Yeah, and it means that they're coming. Oh boy. That's a sad sight even that bad
Looney ain't enough to keep him back with hella came from Janet boy
I tell you what there was one stretch where I must have passed by about
In mobile homes or small bands that so all had Ontario tags on them and it was like
I'm curious and Terri was not frogs you the suit that's not frogs
For frogs are in Quebec go get a uh go get a dictionary. Okay, I look up frog
They all had Ontario tags and this guy's calling see this is what I'm talking about
We got so many people in this goddamn town who know nothing about anything
Anything you pick the topic no matter what it is from
8 to z from soup to not today. No, I think about it. No
Frogs with Ontario license plates. Oh my god
Whoo
You can smell it right over your radio at heavy
Doaty, baby
Man, oh man, oh shevets just one after another we keep cranking them out and it's not to show it's this town
Believe me when I tell you it's where we are. It's this place
This place
Whoo
You know something I'm gonna start smoking weed I just I just decided on the year
I am
In fact, if they ever you know I'm gonna do if they ever give me that
Employee the month again if I can survive here that long and they might have to they might be worse if we get like a 15
Share some time in man or whatever get a 10 share. I don't think right can't get anything because like I've said before
You work for these people long enough you deserve a guy damn gold medal. I just they have up in
But we got a 10 share here in midday. So what's all this BS about that? What is that all about?
Why don't you give it to some of the underlings
Some of the people who aren't making any money hands making good bucks. I'm making a good book
But we don't need a 200 bus or the guy damn stupid thing out of piece of paper to boost our ego to stroke us
How about stroking some of the little hundred dogs out there that you keep promising all kinds of promotions and more money
Etc. Do you ever do that? No very rarely
Because again it goes back to what I said before about the un
Acceptable workplace kind of a thing we got going here Greg
Because they just don't know how to treat they don't how to treat their favorite people
The ones that they protect up there even though they deny it they know how to treat them
It's called protecting them from having to do a real day's worth
But when it comes to all the unsung heroes in this joint work their guy damn ass off
Do they ever get very rarely employed the month? Are they getting it? No are they getting what they've been promised? No
When's the last time you got employed the month
You started a joke you never got it from these people. Yes. No, I got it a taxi
You never got employed the month. It's not bad enough that he came down there and stood in the doorway the other day and gave a song
That it's right on the ear no less that you're gonna get all three bonuses on November
20th, but he didn't say what you
Including a bonus from like way back January February and March I be embarrassed
I would go into hiding I go into my office and locked it off on the inside and I go and I hibernate
And he comes down here and says it on the ear just like today came down here a couple of months ago and says to me
Oh, you want to make a bet? I'll bet you'll get it someday
He's gonna he wants to make a bet with me, but you'll get it someday some year some century
She's
Jesus Christ almighty
So don't pay the little people don't live up to your promises little people and then just you know ignore them just shine
That's the kind of workplace. That's the kind of environment that Greg Reid knows how to operate here on unhappy radio
I'm happy though
Because I know sure if I had the internet and more cocius today we went over there
Sorry good friends and emerald coast and you know something wasn't even all that crowded because the dolphin game
I just ended and it was a sitillating no matter who you were rooting for you got to admit even you saw our
Pusses out there hell of a game unbelievable right down to that last play when they're gonna clock ran out
So we zipped right over to emerald coast before the crowds start to come in and the food as usual sensational
They got every kind of chicken dish every kind of beef dish
Q a l one a lot of little boy it didn't take very long
I thought that that memo was like on the walls and in the halls and grab your balls. I thought it was all over the place and it was not no
So evidently the troops the hard-working people over there and Sheridan street in the QM headquarters
Have had to work under subhuman conditions for very far too long
Our psychotic and rightfully so is that what we're hearing?
psychotic
Over the announcement of the QA employee of the month for October the month of September was bad
enough it was a slap in the collective faces of those people over there when they gave it to two people who work on
Kiss on they cut the music no as pickings snot grid in
FM which has nothing to do with you. I
Don't they have their own separate
employee of the month they have their own separate deal I
Guess but I guess that was another way of giving the back of the hand
I want to take back something I said okay because it's you know one thing in life you have to leave your options open
And we're all during the all I mean the whole ten months we've been all the Georgia's bonus and my bonuses and
Greg Reed's wife got sick on a plane and my bonus was two weeks like the last one and who knows when this one's gonna get paid when I'm gonna come back in here again
But I keep saying what I do know it's just the way they do business, but he's really a good guy. He's not a good guy
Greg Reed. He's in a household. There you go
I mean what if you're gonna have something like this which there's nothing that requires in radio business or many other business
Where you got a bunch of people working together you have to have an employee of the month which is kind of a feel good thing
Like hey, we want to recognize you did something good for us
Here's a couple hundred bucks or the pin but you better take the pin because if you take the money, you'll never get it again. So whatever
But to use it
politically and to go out of your way to ignore the people who take a lot of crap every day of their lives
Who really try very hard to do a country job who've been lied to on and on and on and get nothing but crap and more crap just constantly
Is very demoralizing and don't go blame it on me because I just read the damn memo
It came about somebody handed to me and it came in here and I read it on the year and now people are pissed off over there
And it's not because a hank it's not a personal thing with him. Oh, it is. No, it's not. Oh, well, but the riddance or not. That's not the point
The point that it suggests another way to keep them under the thumb and to stick them down
You're not important. You mean nothing and you know don't expect the raise or any promotion in the straw
We don't care about you people just keep taking all the crap we can dish out in the bug off
Two open lines and grow it here flat line
Here's Davey hello
Oh, yeah, yeah, you're doing it. Okay. Uh, yeah
Comment and observation about yesterday's dolphin game. Uh, uh, these yonks is called Miranda. That's the sure
Um, but also I was just wondering if anybody has an observation about if he browns calls
Uh, about running people who was left side on third short every time
There's a more flight you could uh, you know, can I ask you a question
I'm I'm the only person that watches the way Dan Reno hands the ball off on every running plane
Am I the only one who has any criticism of that or is everybody else one? Oh, absolutely not now
After running play guys the whole stadium can see it the bills and the defense whoever we're playing can see it
The whole audience watching on TV can see it
Absolutely and you watch it these other
Backspotty you don't know but he's gonna scream over any of what's a guy they're banana people have to make some danger
Right that's right. Yeah, marino. He's what you can get over to the running back let alone hand it off
But uh, yeah, I didn't either way one other thing
I don't want to make it back from Reno day here under show, but I do want to say that you see the value of a guy like smoothie who is mobile
Oh mobile quarterback not a statue for the guy who is mobile can roll out who can run who can do all kinds of things
And yes, Danny did one for that one nine years there and that one desperate late in the game
Which I couldn't credit for that so that's maybe won't be your thing
Not because he's dangerous that's right right. Yeah, I just wondered why they wasn't
Was right. Oh wow, well that might have worked it was bad
But I might have a bit committed bad coaching for this. Oh, absolutely
That's the old staff really oh, perhaps off-field they played a really tough game and uh, you know, they did one great game
Really was that was the best thing so far this year. Okay, pal. Okay, but great
I mean, I know a lot of people very disappointed because they hate to build leg boys and then vice versa
They hate the dolphins up there
You gotta admit that was one aspect in game right off down to the last two seconds
Break out of last catch on the four-yard line and guess what and by the way you do realize if the dolphins wouldn't have to
Burn one of their time after that injury late in the game couldn't have been a large time. It's good to the bet
If they wouldn't have had to waste one of their time after that
Would have still had one more time out left and who knows what would happen then but nevertheless
Here's Miami. Hello
Miami. All right. Good morning. Yes, sir. I had a few remarks because I was laughing out loud
But the one gentleman that called you and asked why you bashed Jimmy
Gentlemen was just called basically you know, I agree with him
You should have just fun to the mere fact that we had a touchdown just early in the game. I was surprised
That was a miracle of the fact that I got any touch
That's what he's got. I know. It's a way to waste a lot. We're often
He's been working. I mean that's terrible. We finally got a seven point lead
We do have a pretty good defense on it
Get the ball as far as possible. He didn't even a high school coach knows
You know fourth and an inch or a foot or whatever it is on your own 36-yard line early in a ball game
I mean you don't act like you're doing something out of desperation. You can't wish on me anything
But that was in Dallas. He has not done a damn thing in Miami. Yeah, not one thing. So basically you're saying
He's a great coach for what he did out of the Poland
Hmm. It's ridiculous. Yeah, we show me what you did lately. That's the way it should be
And last remark I must say I hate it flui
The ever since that hurricane BC game. I love it. Yeah, and I hate the bills with my hats off
I start saying Hail Mary's every time I see him
I have a hit play at a great game. It really deserves a credit. Okay. Thanks for the at least being out of spell
Have a great day. There's an honest caller right there. Let's hear it
There were a couple are at the end of the worst thing this morning. Why does the bitter end?
Who told it exactly the way it was but in this time you have to kind of like color everything and uh
Make people feel a little bit better about their lives
Yes, sir comment on your fitness games and on Jimmy Johnson really where was Jimmy Johnson left with
Which means what when when we um when he took over the team it will pull a full of overpriced
Creatures like Eric Green and yeah, did Eric Green make the decision to go for it on fourth and one inch or another
35 yard line. Let's be honest. They'll figure a thing in the ass and somebody else's plan
They have their playing grab ass on that phone two open lines at day one and wireless line
How come he wasn't making those excuses and Dallas when it came in following a one and 15 year huh
Here's a mobile and west Palm Beach. Hello
How are you doing now? Okay, sir
I'm glad I'm not the only one that sees what Dan marino is doing out there
The guy plays like he has to mention his legs and cementing his shoes. Yeah
Um yesterday with that call
The call if he was gonna go for it was a quarterback faith, but he can't use damn marino to do it
I think the I think Jimmy Johnson is at a catch-22. I think he would love to pull damn marino out of there
And who's gonna put in?
Okay, he can't even put in Zinn head. He's injured. Good. How's he got to put in there?
He got to put somebody in there that can move he means the mobile quarterback
I mean the look on how come for the last five years that I've been saying on a show the rare very few times
I talk about football
But how come when I do and I say that they ought to be thinking about grooming a young successor
That's a cool marino a young
In fact, I heard who that was talking. He's a vote camber manager about Brian Greasey
What a great move that would have been but I mean they've absolutely they've got three like they think marino's gonna play forever
You know, everybody has the
Gojones to make the move. They're afraid damn marino is like God and he's not he had a great faith
If they can't look at that game, he built a front line in front of them
He's got a good offensive line protect them. He still can't do it
And I said in the end people are soft for one they want to go to a superbowl
I want to win a division championship
They're gonna think about it. They're open after right. They can make all the excuses they want
The marino was good. I think I think we better co-author a book called life after Danny
I mean, there really is gonna have to be at some day a lot of people don't want to have to face that day
But they will have to be a day in Miami life after Danny if they're such a thing
Uh-huh. We have an open line at broward 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line
We want to personally apologize to our friends a bit of insurance free if we have any for the fact that Greg
Read is an insulin to asshole. Okay. We just has no in-dram. He just just no common sense whatsoever
Just no concept of the troops
But once we're off there in the third floor. He tells me that it's gonna all be a lot better. Anybody buy in that?
No
Then we'll really get some communication going then we'll really have a program director
He's got to get involved in assisting us on. I showed we believe that no he called you this morning. Is he back?
I don't know if he's back yet.
Okay, excuse me
Here's a mobile in Delray Beach. Hello. Yeah, hello, Dale. Yes, sir
Uh, that must be the same asshole that it uh, that the ads from Charlton Henson and the NRA uh
Runs on your station. Sir, let me say this to you. Okay. Whatever ads are run on this radio station
People are paying for and whether those of us on here agree with them or don't agree
People are entitled to buy ads. Then you can't turn them down. It's for those are political ads. You can't say no
I understand but uh, you know when they misrepresent the uh
For your end, sir. I understand that but let me say it again. You can't turn down political ads and you can't uh, you know
Talk through the political ads and you whether we agree with them or not. I understand you and have a great day
We have two open lines in brown word five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty on the AT&T
I mean, I'm gonna I should probably be a consummate professional and start screaming and yelling when next time
We go over those thoughts on here and then maybe I'll get the uh thing next month
Here's Fort Myers. Hello
Good morning, Neil. How you doing? Okay, sir
Say I'm heading back down to uh, Marian Kia. I was wanting to know if you want to come with me
I'll buy you take it first class American Airlines
Burian Kia. Yeah
That's pretty close to cut the Hannah
But we'll take a Jeep and we'll go toward the baroncus this time around okay. See in the bonkers
Which is right next to the oncus we have an open line in uh date five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line
Here's a mobile in Pembert Pine so that must have been Terry Murray doing a voice mobile in Pembert Pine. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir
Yeah, these guys need to be held accountable just like everybody else like to me George anybody else in this world
That was a bonehead decision Johnson made to go forward at that point in the game
One of the worst coaching decisions I've seen by any coach in recent years in the whole league just
Unconscionable it was awful. He put the same crap a couple weeks ago when it was we were down by at 10
Let's go for a two point conversion after the touchdown
It ended being down by four in your own glad you may I've forgotten all about that it was inexplicable
I meant nothing it was like everybody was saying why is he doing that it means nothing and everything suspect and walk on water
But he's done some terrible things. Yeah, I think he's losing it and far as Danny
I mean he just he's hanging out that's ridiculous
That's the exact game you hit from behind fumble game over yeah, like down there on a 15-yard line
I mean he's done wonderful things here for a lot of years
I mean he's you know put up a lot of great stats and he goes out there and the places brings out to the best of his ability
But there comes a time when you got to start looking through the future and I just don't see them doing that now
He does have a lot of heart but looking sky like
Flutey and Steve young all those guys. Yeah, mediocre arms the mobile and anything's happened instead of a statue back there
I you know I still am I'm dying to know whether to laugh or cry after you hear all this stuff that was said on this
Station about flutey last week and I I've seen him play a lot including when he played for a Toronto
They are going out to the CFL this kid's unbelievable. Yeah, that's more more tapered to his game up
There was a wider field too. He did tear it up in addition, which don't forget up there. They've only got three downs
You know, it's one two and you're out. It's not not like down here when you got four downs. They've only got three
Downs to play with up there. Sure, well maybe we could trade Dan up there for a grizzly bear. Okay, talk to you later
This is sac religious is what it is. Okay. That's what the mad dog is going to be saying next teammate time
He's on here. This is downright sac religious
I don't think he minds if you're not good Jimmy
But don't be knocking Danny book as man is good to real upset and Joe Rose becomes a
Beligment and gets his brother in line involved not Danny boy
We love you Danny, but we'll see you
All provided Broward 5 670 560.560 on the 18t line 21 before noon QAM. Hank will be here from Shuler State 2-2
Then we got the book shambi there with the orange here from 6-7 and then we got the panther game 7 o'clock
Don't forget turn the radio down turn it on because then you could be honest and pretend you're listening
But just turn the sound down and turn on the sports channel at all 82 games are in sports channel by the way
Panthers and the islanders in Nassau
Boy
I'm sorry. They don't draw flies up there. I mean it makes no difference. They just don't care
They only got 12 million people to draw from up there in New York. They do not draw flies
They had their great championships years ago. They had Denise Paz van. They had all that good to know
It's another story. They don't care
Hey, you want a great cigar effect?
I
Stop it. Where's my gun?
Yes
Oh, all right. Okay, I'm 45 at 560. You know, I'll tell you one thing when you accumulate over a period of 200-300 years
We got a song for everything in here. You know what? Somebody takes a bad VM
We got a song and we have four songs for that
I know if you have a song for this though wait till you're there somebody brought this by it Benninger is on Saturday
Just to show you how free this is in America
The Fort Lauderdale Police Department has developed a bicycle registration program that will keep track of all the bicycles registered to city residents
Registration is optional for non-residents who ride into the city of Fort Lauderdale
Oh
What is the purpose of the program the purpose of this program is to reduce the number of bicycle stolen and assist the police in the recovery of stolen bicycles now
We're waiting to hear this
How much of this registration cost the cost of initial registration is one dollar if your decal becomes lost or stolen will cost an additional dollar to replace
What happens if I don't register my bike a police officer may take it into possession and impound any bicycle
Being operated or possessed on all streets roads highways alley sidewalks or other rights of way upon which the city has the authority to enforce traffic laws and ordinances
When the bicycle does not have a task there to a bicycle registration decal
What happens to my bicycle if it is impounded the police department may keep the bicycle impounded
I'm till the owner obtains a bicycle registration decal or shows proof of ownership pays all applicable civil fines and completes any required
Community service hours
With the 90 days after such impound and if the owner is not registered the bicycle or requested its return showing satisfactory proof of ownership the bicycle shall be considered
Unclaimed evidence and the city may be tainted bicycle for its use transfer the bicycle to another governmental entity donate the bicycle to a charitable organization or sell the bicycle
What if I'm a non-resident do not register my bike in Fort Lauderdale?
Well the police department shall make every reasonable effort to verify out of city residency and in the event residency cannot be established
The bicycle shall be handled as an in city non registered bicycle and may be impounded
Do I need to bring anything with me when I register my bicycle?
Yes, you'll need satisfactory proof of ownership for your bicycle if you don't have proof of ownership
It required to sign a sworn apetite which will be notarized at the so what does that mean?
You get like a registration with your bike like you do with your car. No, I don't think so with your I'm talking about like a
Pricicle a two-wheeler a whatever it is a four-wheeler and eight-wheeler
any Wheeler
Wow
The registration decal will make your bicycle less attractive to bike fees in the event that your bicycle is still stolen by having a registered
You're more likely to ever return by the police at the impound let's hear it. It's only like 600 hours community service. That's not too bad
So govern yourselves accordingly in Fort Lauderdale. We've got the bicycle Nazis now
Open line in Dave County five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18t wireless line
Here's a mobile in the keys. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir
Hey, I'll just go to the old feedback for you on mr. Marino and I'd like to talk on that reference to the handoff
I he does it the man
Uh, seat feels scared of getting hit up courses that as you don't want to get hit getting a lot of money
But you got to go out there and risk it and and gamble. I think he
What does that have to do with handing the ball off?
Just once that ball there's the gas the guy to grab it as soon as they can to get it out of his hand. Yeah, he doesn't get hit
So hold it a little longer hide a little better. You know, you know, a little more you getting good money
Uh, let's show a little more. I think he if you notice when he gets pressure, you get pressured
He he throws a ball and he doesn't he's not on target
He gets rid of it too quickly. Well, I mean if you want to start
I mean you're getting carried away and just knocking everything that he does. I think you're way out of line
I think he's an excellent. Don't be something to me. We're talking about the handoff and I'm just giving you my thoughts
And I wanted to thank to see what you thought about that
He's like well, he's got all the time in the world and I'm at the part part of your offense and football has got to be
Deception and you can't you can't fool the defense
You can't pull anybody the goddamn stadium or in the universe watching on TV when you're holding it out there
Like a loaf of bread and everybody where the running plate are all screaming like run, you know
And it's not it's not to affect the Danny. I'm sorry
We have an open line in brow at five six seven oh five sixty else for one a day
Palm five sixty on the 18t wireless line. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello
Hello
And have a nice life. Okay, he crapped out
Let's try Miami online too. Hello
Miami. Hello, sir. How are you?
Okay, uh, this might be yesterday's news, but I don't know. I was just listening to CNGC and they're just talking about one of your favorite people Wayne Highsinger
and they mentioned that
He had claimed for the last year or so that he was liege in money with the Martin fact he had made
Sure, that's the thing we've been talked about that weeks ago from New York Times article and about how we you know
Pudge the figures and all this other fans of a look counting that they do
Okay, right? I don't know if you're aware of it. That's okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. We'll take up a collection because one thing we know about Wayne
He's an asshole. We have an open line in date five six seven oh five sixty pounds from fact. I got the whole world
It's all
New York Times what was the date of this thing?
Fishy finances by Andrew Symbolist no relation to f from junior
In short, what appears to be a 29.3 million dollar operating loss in 1997 becomes a profit of 13.8 million
It says and it's alleged
But he's never got enough because he's a poor guy from the atrash business. What do you want? He's a garbage guy
Anybody seen most of his teens he's been found there lately a garbage guy marlin's panthers. You got it
Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, doing okay, sir. I watch something. I was friday about the decision
They really close on anger so fast
You know, I was watching something last Friday night about using the Bible to project future project and how the government of the letter comes out with something specific
Well, I bought this program. It was like 24 bucks on the computer and answered your name and then the second book
It said Neil God. Yeah, I believe it. Okay. Thank you
Okay, we have an open line, but that was with a KN Neil comma God open line and day five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on the
AT&T wireless line if it's good enough to stay in the oral office. Maybe it's good enough for us. Hey, Neil God. That's good
Here's Evan. Sure. Hello. Hey, how you doing, Neil? Okay, sir. Great show, man. Yeah, you're the greatest man. Yeah, listen
I was listening to you last week
And you gave out a phone number for the most part that's been harassing you. Yeah, I tried to call him because I want to tell him off
Yeah, yeah, I can get through that. I know with busy. Oh, yeah, his lines are smoking. I wish I could give as many calls as he's getting now. Yeah, really?
I gotta tell I gotta tell you everything that you say about religion. You're absolutely right. I agree with you 100% man
You I mean much of a bull crap all the main garbage for watching the emotional cripples right? I gotta I gotta quick story for you. I got a friend
Uh, his name is Ron. He's listening right now and he took his kid trick or training
He's a little kid when I'm talking a little black kid and told him Superman is not black. Superman is white. Anything about that Superman is white
No, he's got a confused with the editor of the newspaper. That was Perry White. What's wrong with you, man
That was the only white guy now. I thought it was Perry White the rest of the moral dark. That was his first in his paper
Tells wrong with this guy. I'm not gonna have to play that Christopher Reed thing that tastes the thing again am I? Uh-huh
We have an open line in day one and brown at 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T wireless line
We had good response by the way on the DNH stickers and buttons and post-eat-dollar course
It was free but never left it over enthusiastically about that and it's very simple. Do no harm DNH. What does it mean?
That's your religion do no harm
Don't steal other people's property. Don't hurt anybody. That's it
Don't mess with children. Don't mess with other people's wives other unless uh, it's you know
Unless it's okay, but do no harm. That's it. That's the philosophy of life. You don't have to read all the great philosophers
You don't have to read the Bible all this double talk that that that that all this crap
It's a bunch of bull crap for emotional cripples for people who are juvenile for people who are desperate for people who need a security blanket like linus
And it's also a good excuse for not doing anything constructive while we're alive while we're busy destroying the goddamn planet
That's always a good excuse. Well, a lord will take care of that. He did it. Who could have a job these days by the way?
Maybe he's busy out there out his face working on the other planet like maybe he's working on your ringus
Here's Miami hello
Yeah, hello. Yes, sir. I know why a marino pads the ball like that way. He had it. Is it like that when he hands it off when he sticks his arm out
Yeah, they said they were commentators said that uh, he does it to draw the defense with the left to the right. Oh really
Ah sure works good on it. No, it's not at all. Okay. Thank you. Okay. He does it to draw the defense to suck the defense. Yeah, it sucks
Very embarrassing. Okay, a little bit of deception would be a lot more effective. I think I couldn't be wrong Danny
I'm no expert. I mean, I've only been watching football 42 years, but a little bit of deception or a little bit of trickery might be a little more effective
Two open lines and date five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18t wireless line
See, this is a town where certain people in sports can do any goddamn thing out of the sun
And right away there'll be 50,000 people lining up to make an excuse for it and to explain it and rationalize it and tell you it was great
Like the asshole before that said it was a what did he say a gutsy moved by uh Jimmy
gutsy
They they should have had this team side kayak rest out there on a sideline within 30 seconds after you just said go for it on fourth and one inch on his own 36 yard
The team shrank should have been out there he should have been shrinking it
Here's a mobile in call spring. Hello
Neil yes sir
Yes, uh, what the guy said before was true. I seen it on
TV about Danny handoff Jimmy telling them to do that if you look at the old days of
Danny marino he didn't hand the ball off like that. Yeah, it's uh Jimmy's bright. I want to know there's Jimmy thing
There's Jimmy bright idea. Uh, if you look at the way marino used to know it
He didn't do it like that Jimmy come up with this great idea of he's gonna fool the defense with that
Oh, yeah, and I thought maybe he'd run a little play action office like look at me
I'm gonna hand the ball off right there you go like I said a little deception right little trickery little bit
Not quite so obvious right no such thing you know they got fourth in them and ain't you think they do a little quarterback
No, you wouldn't say they wouldn't think they would do anything you think that they would punt like anybody with a brain would do not
Fourth of the ninja on your own 36 yard line sir even a three-year-old child knows you wouldn't do that
And embryo a fetus knows that you wouldn't do that
But does Jimmy know it? No
We have it all and then then of course they're gonna be those assholes are gonna say well
You know if it would have worked and they would have driven out or guess what it didn't
That's a calculated risk you have to make it you don't do it on your own 36 yard line when you have all the momentum
Going your way in a ball game then you just open the door and let the other team right back in all okay here you go
We lost two yards and now you're on our 34-yard line and they just happened to march down the field
Ampli takes him in for a touchdown, which has the time to fight again and let him right back in the game
Two open lines in date five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18th he a wireless line
Pizza loft is some of the world's best pizza, but pizza loft is more than just great pizza
They got all kinds of great Italian favorites. They got your vehicle and eggplant chicken stuffed shells
Lasagna manacotti great combination plates. They got all types of sauces. You pick out the ones you like the best
Pizza loft has got two guazapita, which is that spicy extra spicy and onions and all the good stuff inside along with the warb and
Lasagna stromboli super sub chicken catchatory
Traditional pasta favorites in the best garlic rolls anywhere in this town
And it also got delicious express lunch vessels if you can't spend a lot of time at lunch time
Just phone or fax theater in it'll be ready in no time at all. They can even deliver it right to you a piping hot if you call
954 916 88 80 954 916 88 80 and if you're one of those guys
It's having trouble in your love life just sit down in the back with Jeff Cohen and he'll give you some real good pointers
So you get tipper to in the back pizza loft 3514 South University drive on east side of university between Gryffin Road and 595 right next to it in Nova South
Eastern University eat there have a deliver to take it home pizza loft nothing on you know what we haven't been doing it for a long time
He's gonna start getting real upset because I play the next jingle all the time
We never play the pizza loft jingle and we should all want to get you a upset. We do
If you want to go Italian and see Jeff Cohen's all the details
You'll have great Italian food that's made by a Jew who has lovely paintings
This is five Dixie button meal Roger show
It's safe in Miami town at five six oh
You
I won't cut this morning
Feeling
I know for my pussy
All right
I climbed to my house
The
they
them
Although
Oh, push, push, push, push, push, push, kitty kitty kitty, my cat fell in the web
It's all gone all over on my loom, my loom, what she'd pull her should eat she'd jump
Then I wasn't here to have that pretty ass, pushing that fell in the web
Then I was a pussy that could quite come where with her
Pretty ass a picture with her longest crooked fur
Well, well, well, well my cat fell In the web, oh chemo,été pose,y pose,y pose,y pose,y pose gi car
Gimme nigkeitenke два a cud wow
If you have a pussy that you wouldn't trap yourself
Never let her wander or she might find it glow
Well, well, well my cat fell in the web
Oh push, push, push, push for kitty kitty, my cat fell in the web
Okay.
Provo 2 at 560 WQM having Monday 2.
I think 4L today we ought to start thinking about since they want all the methods of transportation
to be registered your automobile, your motorbike, your whatever.
And now your bicycle, how about registering your shoes?
That's not good.
I mean that's a method of transportation is walking.
And every now and then you'll be driving down the road you'll see like a shoe on the
side of the road, huh?
Sneaker or shoe, whatever the hell it is.
Let's register our shoes in 4L today.
We have two open lines in date 560, 560 and Tom 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in the Gables.
Hello?
Hi Neil.
Yes sir.
I have to agree with you 100% on Jimmy.
I think he has shown nothing since he's come here and is one of the worst game day coaches in the league.
He did the same thing two, three weeks to go against Jacksonville.
We had the ball pretty much control the game with high game.
We had the ball deep in Jacksonville territory.
Fourth and three are fourth and four.
They're 35, 36 yard line.
And instead of planting, sending them deep or going forth then he goes for a 54-yard deal goal.
And I mean that goes totally against Jimmy's whole philosophy of playing field position football.
Yeah.
He's maintaining control.
Paul, yeah, I guess he wants to be known as the gutsy coach for the problem is there almost all his gutsy calls blow up in his face and they might have losing games because of him.
Exactly.
But the coach again he has a philosophy that he doesn't even stick to.
Yeah.
Stick to it.
Yesterday, like you said, I mean only has to do his punch a ball and maintain control of the game.
To give them a blow on the 33 or 34-yard line of Miami at that point of the game was like shooting himself in a foot.
It's a turnover.
It's the equivalent of an intersection of football.
That's right.
And just one more thing.
With regard to the guy who said that Dan is scared to hand the ball up, I'm not saying Dan's a smooth ball handler.
But he certainly didn't hand it off like that because he's scared to get hurt.
Anyone who's been playing 16 years in the NFL.
Oh, we know we fought on that to Jimmy deal with another brainstorm by Jimmy.
Correct.
They said to the paper on the offseason.
They said that Jimmy is teaching Dan a new way to throw a ball.
He's teaching how to be an F. Nice coach.
Yeah, we're in those here.
Okay.
There you go.
Taking a Hall of Fame quarterback and teaching him how to lose.
Well, we're five and three.
Okay, I believe you.
They're doing great.
And it was a great game.
We have an open line and they wanted a round one line.
Organizers worked for months together.
The 46,764 signatures in Las Vegas needed to put medical marijuana initiative on November ballot.
But election officials who checked the petition said it fell short by 43 names.
After Americans for medical rights asked for a recount official discovered a chemical in marijuana may protect grain cells from the effective.
Is what?
Right.
You spread your case.
Oh, I say, okay.
Thank you.
Right.
You spread your case until we can really deep six all the public education.
Great.
Thank you.
Goodbye.
Open line and Broward to a day five online.
Here's a mobile and Cooper City.
Hello.
Mobile and Cooper City.
Going one.
Okay.
Have a nice line.
Okay.
Now we're done.
We've got a couple of calls left on.
Here's Miami.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, it's Bruce.
Joey's friend.
I brought you some stuff in the past.
Joey's friend?
Yeah.
To get you better.
Oh.
A couple of years ago at the old building.
Drug pedler, yeah.
There you go.
Now this is a pharmaceutical guy.
Okay.
Detail man.
Don't get nervous.
What I don't understand is I'm watching the golf and the game yesterday.
And when he goes for it, I think it was going to be a throw to the running back from the past.
He'll be going up.
And why he ran it.
Everybody knew he was going to run it.
And I figured he was going to do a shot on the Buffalo building.
He didn't do it.
It just doesn't make sense.
And every time they throw it, they got yardage on the run.
You know, you're going to let that one flutty play where he like fake the run and then you threw the theft on pass
and the wide open receiver in the end zone.
I think we've picked everybody out of their job.
And I know you hate to hurricane, but I'll tell you what.
But I've got him back on track.
Okay.
Have a great day pal.
Now they wanted to.
I'm talking about the dolphin game only because it was a very exciting.
I'm not turning this into a sports show.
I don't care about books.
They played a girl school again.
Okay.
I said they'd have 30,000.
They have 32,000.
I was pretty glad to end close.
And it's a total fandom thing over there.
Okay.
Sorry.
Not interested.
Two open lines.
And day two and Broward.
5 6 7 0 5 60.
Pomp 5 60 on the mobile one line.
Eight minutes past noon.
A Q8.
A RSI.
Big bow.
I'm a little island full of gay romance.
They wear gay samples and they wear tight pants.
Sundance after bottom every day.
Bless with the miracle of being gay.
The very best of habits in the USA.
Giving big, big pleasure and a big, big way.
The very best of habits in the USA.
Giving big, big pleasure and a big, big way.
Yeah, I feel.
Going the big way to Chesafield, Queen.
You choice of the bags of America.
Call 13 at 560 WQ.
Next to our company is organizing a shipment of...
It's big enough to help by the way.
And I was just dawned on me over the weekend.
I don't know why I'm so slow.
But after I left Ben and Jerry's there in Aventure on Saturday.
And we had a good turn out.
We collected 1750 bucks.
They're not bad.
But it dawned on me that one of the reasons
that I'm really pushing and depleting and squeezed
on the center one thing this year.
This is the first time I've ever done this completely by myself.
I'm here.
We had the best of Phil.
We had the best of reconcerned.
We had those guys going out doing appearances.
We had like a team effort.
And I'm looking at these partial totals that we have
over there are six borders that haven't reported yet.
So I know we're over 50 grand.
But our total is still 49,855.
The 1117 bucks on the internet, by the way.
That's great.
That is sensational.
So thanks again to Eric and Orlando.
Neowigis.com.
You can order the best of stuff right over the internet on the website.
So it's a one pony show.
And sitting here looking at these numbers.
I'm really depressed because that's not the only conviction there's so much about
because I'm telling you the way it is.
It's unacceptable.
It is unacceptable.
It's called life in a vacuum.
I mean, I realized when I came over here,
they have the states and sports the other 20 hours of this.
But nevertheless, I worked with a lot of these people before.
DeFo and Hank.
And this one and that one.
A lot of these folks.
And yet somehow between 10 and 2,
it's like we're a total of island here where like radio in a vacuum.
And so we're running a campaign in a vacuum here.
And try to raise money for charity.
I mean, just stop and think about it.
Now, one just by osmosis.
Somebody, remember the other place the way it used to be?
People were wandering the sales manager.
This one, that one, people from the news department.
Here's 50 bucks, here's 10 bucks.
Here's the check for 100.
Whatever they could afford.
And again, I can't coerce nor do I want to.
I don't believe in raising money that way.
And try to embarrass people into getting it.
But you would think that by now, after all, I've talked about it.
Somebody somewhere in his building from management all the way down to Totempool.
Will it come up with something?
Have they done it?
No.
She says, this is, this is such a bogus effing place, man.
Oh, yeah, go ahead and spin your magic in there, Neal.
We're not going to give you anything.
Just spin your magic.
We'll spin that money in here.
It's the big old money wheel.
The Neal Roger's money wheel.
This is, I might as well be God, brokering the time here.
You know what?
Probably mind if I'm making a hell of a lot more, because we're making them a lot more than they're paying us.
Or be brokering the God damn time.
Because we have no way, shape, connection, affiliation, anything.
What are right to this God damn place the other 20 hours a day.
I mean, they mentioned that we're here, but basically that's about it.
So once again, it's a one pony show and we're doing the best we can.
Oh, man, that, that, that crossed my ass almost as much as that bonus thing.
Which is unacceptable.
I mean, the only places, you know, started the I and Z when they put me on them today.
And I got to his gigantic numbers at that point.
They put a bonus in my contract.
Did I have a problem collecting the bonus on time then?
No.
And I think that was within five days after the book came out.
I would do those nine years under cost and taxis that I ever once,
any waiting period, have a trouble getting a bonus here.
No.
It was something you never even thought about.
It was automatic.
It was like falling off a log.
It was like getting out of bed in the morning.
But here every time it's a little something out of the ordinary,
whether you record a spot or whether no matter what it is,
it's like a little game that the beesleaves and Greg read play here.
We'll pay you when we're good and ready.
When we get around to it.
And we'll pay George if and when we get around to it.
Okay.
We have an open line in Broward, all three.
Mobile in West Palm Beach.
Hello.
Mobile in West Palm.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how you doing?
Okay.
All right.
Listen.
Maybe a few months ago, and I call you and I give you a play by play.
How will a game of Miami will sound in Spanish?
Mm-hmm.
And I live in Broward, so I don't really get that SAP lines.
So I can listen to the game and start this further mind and body
mission for yourself.
The key out for the game is on CMQ in Spanish.
You can turn on the Spanish radio and turn it on the SAP TV.
There is a Spanish station and an F-rams that it has to game.
CMQ, right?
WCMQ, right.
Oh, okay.
I didn't know.
Well, I'm sorry.
I told you.
Well, this is the whole thing.
I went to my first house.
I mean, I had to beg him to shut the radio off and listen to the game in English.
Yeah.
Okay, thank you.
Okay, that's it.
We have one call after the board and then we'll go to a...
We'll play the Miami Dolphin Zone in the rest of the day.
See if we can't get these people in.
But little out of their door rooms here today, man, it seemed like they're down in the dumps.
It's only one person dangerous, right, Cenk?
Miami.
There you go.
Oh, it went over here.
Come on, let's go ahead.
We show.
Okay, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
We got two open-line.
Here we go.
Somebody just shot us right in the back.
And put 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
Any interest out there today?
No.
We actually faked our way along for two hours and 20 minutes today on this God forsaken place.
Any interest?
No.
Anybody with anything to say about anything in the world?
No.
Okay.
Just checking.
Here's the mobile import, St. Luizley.
Hello?
Yes, Neil.
I just wanted to say thank you very much for playing, pushing the cell in the well.
Yeah.
I'm the guy who sent that to you way, way back.
Really?
Been listening ever since.
And the reason I'm glad you play it is because I lost it.
Really?
Through a divorce.
Uh-huh.
So I just wanted to say thank you.
Also, I don't know what's with your phone system, but I can hear George talk to you.
That's right.
That's the way it works.
That's a bonus.
That's beautiful.
Anyhow, let me show Belusina for like ever.
So take care.
Okay, I'll go find the new one.
Well, okay.
We have an open line that's powered all three of days on fourth and one that Jimmy Johnson made.
Fourth and one inch, yes.
And I wanted to see it.
I wanted to point out the irony that after Johnson left Dallas, Switzerland did something similar
against Philadelphia several years ago.
And I believe Johnson was quoted negatively about that column.
He essentially did the same thing yesterday.
And this is not Monday morning quarterbacking.
There is just no justification for that call.
No, no, no.
It's not anything to do with Monday.
But even if they were to won the game, I mean still people would be saying what kind of a bonehead deal was that?
But especially when they want to blues in the game by six points, I and turned a whole moment into the game around at that point,
even though they eventually had a ten point lead.
Still, you keep looking back at that point.
And I just can't believe the game would have ever been the same if they wouldn't have would have funded there.
And the funny thing is the crowd was already out of the game.
We were up seven, nothing bad.
But the momentum was with Miami, that's correct.
I mean, to use the excuse of saying we had to get the crowd out again is like saying, well, you know, if they got any momentum at all,
we knew we were going to lose the game.
That's basically like what are you saying?
Like an issue of your opinion.
You really have to question this confidence.
I mean, you know, the dolphins, it seems to me before Jimmy Johnson came here during all the shoeliers,
the dolphins had been playing in Buffalo in all those other wild stadiums,
where as long as I can recall, and they still had overcome the same crowd and the same noise.
And it's part of the, I'll be on to what you're up again.
Hey, do you think Jimmy would pull the goalie out of five on four?
Jimmy wouldn't know where five on your reign is.
Seven great day pal.
In fact, I think Jimmy Johnson and Terry Murray are the same person.
That's what I think.
Two of the most boneheaded calls in the history of coaching over the weekend.
And I shouldn't be talking about it.
That's right. We practice the power play five on four.
So that's what we wanted to go with.
Oh, I mean, seriously.
I can't believe that people are passing out in their living room right now around the sidewalk,
just hearing me quote that out of the guy in the newspaper.
What a lame excuse.
I mean, you sucked them into a stupid penalty.
You got a chance to get yourself back in the game, pull off a late miracle like the Anaheim did a couple of nights ago.
And then, oh, no, no, no, thanks. We'll pass.
It's like declining a penalty.
Well, it's the same football, Terry.
It can't decline a penalty, baby.
Here's Cool Springs. Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
You were taking on a real unpopular subject today.
You could have been talking about God in this town when you criticized the dolphin.
But I agree at 1000% what you're saying.
And I also think that Dan Marino is not helping the team anymore.
Yeah.
The guy was good in his day, but he's old.
He can't run when he ran those nine yards.
I mean, he was spent the rest of the day.
He was hopping and pumping.
I mean, his legs are like one size from his ankle up to his thigh, because they're all taped and everything else.
Right.
And we need to, it's a time we need to start to move towards another direction with a new corner.
But they haven't even talked about that.
They've never thought about it.
They haven't drafted looking through that.
They've done nothing.
Nothing.
And it's an error.
So this man is indestructible.
And we all know that like any every single play could be as last.
Absolutely.
And what happened is the guy had greatness.
It was started because God out in sports.
I mean, what's the, and hockey year ago who retired and still to hide in a game.
The match goes when out head Williams, when they were up there.
The Marino's hanging on and hanging on and hanging on.
And he's starting to look like a hazard.
Yeah.
And they need to make a make a make a change or anything.
I'm repyring about great athletes.
So you got to know when it's time to hang it up.
You got to hang absolutely.
Okay.
Okay.
One quick question.
Right to one comment too.
You made a comment earlier today about the college team on Long Island.
They don't draw.
Uh, they haven't drawn in years.
Right.
But right now there's a big protest going on up there.
The thing is crumbling.
I know that, but that's a very layman's excuse to fact is before they had any protest about that.
The islanders haven't drawn flies.
They had the glory years in the late 70s.
Uh, it's pretty sad excuse them.
Yeah.
It is.
Okay.
And by the way, the devil's on draw either.
Have a great day.
Okay.
One line left on the board that's lit.
And all the rest of you did.
I guess I better crank up the music here.
It is Monday after all.
Five six seven oh five sixty.
Tom five sixty on a mobile one line.
Well, these people are bummed out.
They're pissed off and not too fired up.
Their lives aren't the same as they used to be.
I'll get away to vote tomorrow.
They get ready to vote.
No.
Twenty five past noon at five six.
Twenty two eight out.
Feel right.
Time.
Well, I know my sister all my life.
That is why she's now my wife.
And I think my son may know it too.
He's my nephew too.
Well, my daddy is my uncle Joe.
My mother is my near-ampal.
Weed and buried place to see my first cousin is me.
All right.
Twenty five sixty WQM.
I'm going to get these numbers from the center one campaign from this last week.
Do something good for my birthday.
Go on and buy the best of Neal parts one or two or both.
And if you don't want to listen to them, put them in the trash bin.
Okay, but center one can use the twenty bucks.
And I'll eat borders all over a brown and Dayton Palm Beach.
Or you can call the phone number five six three thirty six hundred and
brown call center one.
They'll ship them out to you direct nine five four five six three thirty six hundred.
Or you can hop right on the internet.
Neowinders dot com.
It's right on here.
Fight right on the web.
They've lined open five six three five time.
Give me that number.
Well, call that number.
Okay, that's the little you know incentive for it five six seven oh five six the top five
60 on the mobile one.
My mind isn't even here right now.
You know, my mind is something that I'm with this Greg Reed business.
I'll keep thinking to myself.
He's an asshole over and over and over again.
Just keep shooting himself into foot over and over.
It's a surprise that man could still walk.
He's going to be hobbling around.
Here's a mobile in Marguille.
Hello.
Yeah.
Yes, sir.
You said this morning that there was even a five-year-old kid with no to pull it
going. Yeah. Well, I got a son of a play girl, a hockey and
marketing. He's seven and he said, me daddy, why doesn't he pull it
going? What did I say? There you go. Oh my god, he's
killing us. Can you believe it? At least for
I just scored the other night. Yeah, good for him. Yeah, the first game, but then
we were back to figure eights in the second game. Yeah, see I was like, I
people asked me on Saturday when we were doing our appearance. Well, how about
that game last night? I said, one game doesn't give me all that.
That's not a decent make anyway. That's right. Well, have a good day or make
a career for Robbie. Okay, thank you. So there you go. His seven-year-old kid
could be the coach better than Terry Murray. Open line and
Broward, all three in day. We're close to that music. Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello? Your new. Yes, sir. What about? I got a
share in the quiz. Yeah. Can you play the pipe? The pipe, the pipe
vendor? Okay, we'll work out a pound. You get the pipe out of your
foot. Sounds like he's got 40 pounds or something in his foot. Here's Marguer.
Hello? Hey, how's it going? Okay, sir. I got a disagree with one of the
last call as you said that Marino's not helping the team anymore. I think it's
like you stated earlier that Jimmy Johnson is taking a whole of his
quarterback and taught him how to lose. I mean, he's put a leash around this guy
so much that he's got no freedom. He can't do anything. The worst decision in
the world in my opinion was taking away his audible to read the defense. I
just don't know how you think about that. I agree. Okay. Jimmy wants to call
all the shots. Jimmy's a dictator. He's got an ego bigger than the whole
town and we're either going to go up in flames with him or the other way around
and right at the moment, you know, his decisions keep back firing. Well, you know,
it's, you know, if Marino doesn't get the ring, then we know, I don't know if
he can put the blame on Jimmy, but you know, you got to look somewhere. So far, he
showed me nothing. Absolutely. Okay, pal. Hey, have a great day. Open line in
Broward three and days one line. Here's a mobile in Zierfield. Hello. Hey,
Neil, how you doing? Okay, sir. I have to make your feet yourself. But did I hear
correctly that during the World Series season of the Marlins, I think I made a
profit? Yes. You're kidding me. No, not. Yeah. That falls head. It's pineapple
based son of a bitch. Yeah. I mean, I can't. He lost 29.3 million dollars
and instead he lost 13 point eight minutes. And he made 13 point eight minutes. I can't
profit. Listen, and that bastard was wanting and bitching about all idea of stadium. I need
a stadium. You know, right? And by the way, we heard any more about the John Henry
deal. Is that thing done yet? No. No. That's a prospective buyer for the Panthers. No.
It's never going to happen. He's going to sell the Panthers after this season. I guarantee
it. Read my list. Oh, I don't think I don't think he was going to want to do that
because he's raking in the dough from that arena. Hand over a fist. I mean, he's making
a fortune in there with the sky boxes and the club seats and all the other revenue he's
got. He's got. He's got his own joints. We doesn't have to split it with anybody else.
He's getting all of that revenue in there. And other than what the county has taken out
of it. And he's probably a squeeze it out of there for a couple of years. And you notice
he's not going to go on paying the big bucks for any talent. Listen, Neil, I know he's
just thought after this season, you know why? Because first of all, I know that people down
here are pretty stupid, but they're not that stupid. They're not going to go. They're
not going to go spending their money and go into a game when there's no product after
the first year. Sure. Well, you've got to understand, though, when you get into these
new arenas, so much of it is corporate. Those season tickets in the lower bowl and the club
seats and the sweet so much of it is corporate that that's not even having that much of an
impact anymore. So long as the big companies are willing to shell out and keep their season
tickets, you watch these other new arenas around the league like the Fleet Center in Boston
and so any of the newer arenas, you'll see huge chunks of empty seats dying even right
down low, you know, right, right center rice, enormous chunks. And it's not that they're
not paid for because they have been bought for the people of the country because they're
corporate seats. That's all. Yeah, they're just not being used. And do you see that money
going to go into good going to get a new goalie? No, of course not. The guy's listening,
the guy's not going to see dial my money here and feed and close the meal. So up your
it, do spag and a half. Okay. Okay. Mobile in deer field will clear the board and
then we'll go to music when we come back. Hello. See how you doing. Okay, sir. Have
called that failed department. You guys called over there twice to advertise your face.
And I can't get it for turn phone call. They that do that. Do you ask me what business
will I can't return calls? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. We have a stand over fist in case you
have noticed it's all spots radio. We're going to start a billboard campaign just all spots
radio. Which one was that? It's not a new. This is fries. One of the club's hell. Can you
play? I've got one. Okay. Hey, it's out of here. 24 to 1 is there. They don't feel about
that. That's okay. I'll go along with it. Whenever the police come up with that. Okay,
with you guys. That's good. And then there were all of them still being nobody. 60.
Oh, yeah. Who's your daddy? Who's your daddy? Oh, my God. I'm so embarrassed. I'm so embarrassed.
Oh, that feels so good. Yeah. Just roll the ball. There is so much. Oh, my God. I love it.
I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know.
241 at 560 W.com. Thanks to Danny the sign painter. Murray's friend from Wayne Arnold's Royal
Castle. We're going to have no one nice. Even though he didn't make the picture of me a
little bit on the swishy side. You know, a little on the swishy side. A little bit too much
lipstick. I'll even black and white. You can tell where's lipstick. Happy early birthday
from Danny the sign painter. Thank you, Danny. Oh, yeah, just okay. We got the 600 open
lines 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the mobile one line. Play one note of music.
That's enough. Okay, maybe just subliminally just a thought of it. We'll get them to the
phone, but I doubt it. Well, they got nothing to talk about today. Except they want to
probably talk about that damn dolphin game. And I'm sorry, I mentioned it in the first
place. We didn't have the one guy who called in who's seven year old son knows more about
hockey than the Terry Murray. I'm so unsure. God bless you and your family. The Guns of
Mishpothra. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yeah, hey, I just wanted to remind you, Neil,
that George didn't get his bonus yet. No. Yeah. And I think I know we love listening to
you, but I think you said you were going to go on a little sick leave or something if
you didn't get it. Yeah. Well, the Dreg Reek came down here and said it will be in the
next paycheck is like Reg Reed said. But I also like Reg Reed and also today is the day
for my bonus. And if the bonus isn't here by two o'clock, I will not be here tomorrow.
We'll miss you, but we'll support you. I want to also mention that one of the things
that Wayne also inherited or got when he's got the new stadium was the right to all the
parking, which certainly has to be about another 70,000 per game as opposed to what he had
in day county of the other arena. Right. Oh, yeah, he's rigging it and had over a fifth
in this building. No question about it. Yeah. Well, anyways, I just wanted to throw
those two asses. Okay, Pat. Have a great life. And that's right. It's a quarter to one.
We're still waiting for some word on that bonus, chick. Well, it may be when they may
be two days a month, they do it a Saturday or whatever like she said to Godfather. Remember?
We have the open line and Broward to and date five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on
the mobile one line. Here's Pompano. Hello. Hey, you know, yes, sir. Yeah, my best
and that's just he needs the sunrise store. Okay. God bless you. They're in a static.
I mean, the ability is so cool. They're so nice store. Yeah. You know, in plantation,
they should buy whatever that is. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'm some like bull tomorrow. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. I think maybe you could just band carts for a little while. Me
little light of fire and people's asses. You know, it's coming for a quest. I'm going to go
by the CD. Uh huh. There you go. I, uh, I'm material booking to request. Yeah. You
have to go down. Okay. Have a great life. Get out of here. Oh my god. You know, there's
no point in pushing it. You people got nothing to say today. They ran out of their material.
They did their thing about Jimmy as an asshole and Danny's getting old and fine. Okay.
Now what? I mean, I could do my thing about here sugar and the sweet and you the
merc and die. Which you don't want to hear about because see, this audience likes to
eat. They don't want to hear about losing weight, which I'm desperate to do. Oh, and
by the way, I want to thank my good close personal friend Greg Nelson up there at
Lou Backroach. She really always takes good care of me. I never even told this story
out on a year about my 97 Corvette. Let me just say this to you. Okay. Don't buy a 97
Corvette. That would be the only model of year I would tell you to stay away because
that's the year they made the major engine change and lots of body style changes. And
people warned me they said the first year, that's always the limit. That's always the
problems. And I told you about some of the other problems I had reduced engine power
and this and that. And then Friday morning I get in the car to come to work here and the
lights are ringing and flashing. Here we go again. We do the engine power and I said screw
it. I just had the module change. I just had it fixed for the 85th time. I don't need
no problems. So I made one easy call Saturday. I go up there to
after my appearance had been in Jerry. Fought myself a beautiful new 99
puter Corvette, which is sitting right out there by the way, George.
That nice. I love that puter. Everybody's got to have a puter. How can you get on
the internet without a goddamn puter? But anyway, Greg Nelson who's been
suddenly cars up there for about a hundred years. This guy lost more weight on the
Atkins diet. About 45 50 pounds. I couldn't believe it. I looked at him and said,
what's happened to you? You look great. And he thanked me once again. Here's another
guy's life that I saved and looks a shadow of his former self on the Atkins
guy. I mean, he was a he was blobby. Believe me, he was a big blobby guy. So thanks
again, Neil. For saving somebody else's life, too bad you can't do it for yourself. Too
bad you just can't get off that goddamn sugar. Too bad you're hooked. You're
addicted. Addicted to it. You just can't stop sucking up that damn sugar.
Here's Pompano. Hello.
Hey, how you doing? Okay, sir. Settle down a little today. Big guy to Monday.
Meaning what? I can't say if I settle down, then they really go into a coma. Well,
that's what you're there for. Any of the more is the bigger reaction day? How's it
looking in the house in the Senate in your opinion? What do you mean? How's it
looking? What would it be twice for public and Democrats? It looks like the
Republicans are going to get the big shift that they thought it looks like the
Democrats are going to lose about maybe three or four more seats in the
house. Maybe half a dozen at most and maybe two or three in the Senate. That
will help. All right. Thank you. Because even yesterday if you're watching the
Sunday talking head shows, even the Republican hot shots are way down there
on the rest of it. It's not that you're really low-balling it. That's what I was
reading, but I still thought they were looking at double digits in your way. You're
taking what about the Nazi up in Tallahassee? What do you think? Which race looking like that?
No chance. You don't think he's got the election run? I'm saying buddy McKay. No chance.
Go on vote ten times. Go on. Early and often, if you were sent on 60 minutes
last night, get your dogs, your cats, your ducks, your geese, get them all
together and vote 600 times for buddy McKay because he ain't got a
Chinaman's chance. Open line in Broward, two in date, five six seven
oh five sixty, pound five sixty on the mobile one line. Mobile in South Miami.
Hello? Dale? Yes, sir. We were talking a while back with the
equipment bashing about any kind of political ramifications or these guys step
too far. Friday I'm up driving up in Cruel and do and driving on one of these
small partways and who I see in the middle of the meeting holding a little
sign is Mr. McCollum, the guy that was bashing. Oh my god. What's over
you around? Mr. Near out in the middle like I'm saying what the heck is this guy
doing? I mean somebody's gonna run him over. He's out there waving his
signs to this guy's really worried about a Clinton bashing and I figured you
might want a little interest item there rather than talk about sports but I
thought it was pretty funny. Okay. And you know Monica's gonna go
Republican right because the Democrats put a bad taste in the mouth. Yeah she
goes both ways. Okay. We have an open line in Broward, two in
date, five six seven oh five sixty, pound five sixty on the mobile one line.
Five fear anymore jokes about Hanukkah, Lewinsky. Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello? Hello, Neil? Yes, sir. How are you, sir? Okay. Listen to you all
the time. Love you, show. What to tell you is just everyone to vote a straight
Democratic ticket all the way. Yeah. Every single. Okay. Please stay out.
Everybody go out and vote for every Democrat on a ballot. Sounds good to me.
Oh, all right. Have a good day, buddy. Okay. Sounds great to me. Oh. And if I
would have just seen that 60 minutes piece, why didn't they show that a couple of
months ago for Christchurch? I'd be registered 200 times already. I'd be registered
50,000 times. I might get that goddamn buddy McCain there if I would have known
that few months ago. Now they show it two days before the election. Open line in
Broward to any women to let you out right. Tell me another story. Okay. We've got
the invisible even Ray Milan was more visible than our female audience. If we
got an installation, I'll guarantee you that five six seven oh it's like that
thing they stick up the back of your car when you go to the emission inspection
station. That probe that they stick in there. That's what we keep doing here every
day between ten and two probing out there to see if they get any response. Do we
usually? No. No, not really. Here's homestead. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir.
Dale. Yeah. I got to talk about Jimmy Johnson. Yeah. Jimmy Johnson makes a bone
head call every game at least one. And players are playing hard. I got to
answer the players playing hard. Yeah. But they have to overcome his bone head
coaching. He's on game day. Every time. Yeah. You think Brock? Brock?
Your name was playing hard and that one touched on pass. You got burned real bad
on the game. That was yeah. You were right about that. That was
absolutely pathetic. It was like it was like you were. It was like there was nobody
else on the field like the defenders just started that secondary at times. I
mean we could have won that game. We were up by ten points in the fourth quarter.
Yeah. Why did he not defend the Inzo? If he could have defended the Inzo instead of going
for the play with the interception, whatever he was doing. You know, when you get
up by so far, you're saying that Jimmy Johnson makes mistakes. Is that what you're
saying, sir? Oh, absolutely. I think you're out of line. Okay. There's a caller
who's definitely out of line. Jimmy don't make mistakes. We have two open lines
today. Five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty automobile one line. Yeah. I'm
looking at the center one numbers from last week. Never in all the years that have
been on the year. Has anything incensed me more than the fact that this outfit
is so goddamn cheap. Not one single out one sales person. No, am I am I missing
something? Did the sales person come to me with a check that I forgot about? Because
if they did, I mean because I had said that originally I forgot about bluff made
the nice donation to the pizza lot that night. But is there anybody else in this
building who donated one single set of penny a nickel, a dime, a dollar to the
center one thing? Can you think of anybody? No. The sales manager did she know. I
mean, the corporation over there in Naples. No. Those go over there. They come up
with a dime. No. Cosbro casting used to come up with and by the way, even Rhonda
Finch and Peter Bulger used to come up with a nice fat check. The one in the year we
were attaching over there came in with a big guy. I mean a good check. I think he gave me
500 even as much of a douchebag as he is and Rhonda gave me as much or whatever 500
thousand, whatever the hell it was because we were doing something. It was something
that caused that we believed in. We were involved in and they wanted to be part of
participating in it. Here all they want to do is take the credit for it. They don't want
to participate. They just want to take the guy to oh look what we're doing here on QAF.
You're not doing squat. That's what you're doing. Give him a no assistance, baby. None.
Zip it. He do to zero. No oral support. No moral support. No nothing. And that's the way
there's you had operate. Of course in buggy, just like I've been telling you for 10 months,
I'm not making it up. I only wish that it weren't true. I only wish that Norma can't
never darken my door. That he never ran into this Greg Greek, Greek guy. It's lunatic.
He's an asshole. Man, old man. Who's got stories. There may be these got more stories for
you. The checkers in the mail. He's going to get it on the 20th. Yeah, but I beat by the
boat. My wife got sick. But now something that was a terrible story. That was a very sad
incident. And that delayed my last bonus check two weeks. But I don't think anybody got
sick this last time. What's the story now on his phone is checked? And yes, I am going
to be a hard ass. I'm going to stick right to the parameters of what it says in my contract
because if you're not a hard ass with these people, as you've seen with a George situation,
it just rags on and well, we'll get around to what it checkers in the mail and the
beastlies had a tough month and they can't pay the electric bill and Naples and about
a week, but I'll put them up. God damn bunch of millionaires, multi, multi millionaires
and they can't give you whatever it had you got. Come on. Whatever the amount is, whatever
they measly, beastly amount is, they can't come up with it when it's supposed to be.
Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Fort Lauderdale. Yeah. Yes, sir. I'm going to call them about
Miami Dolphin. What is it? Dr. Dolphin. Who? Miami Dolphin. What about them, sir? Speak.
Why? Why do we have to go through so many receivers when it's really the quarterback?
Damn, Marino. Yeah. Okay. Damn Marino sucks. Okay. Your comments are well-known,
it's even though you're full of crap. We have an open line and day one and
Broward five day lost the bomb. Okay. Even though we got them down to the four-yard line
with two seconds clock ran out yesterday at the end of the game. It's all day in these
four. Let's find somebody to blame. Let's not blame the coach. Let's blame somebody on the team.
Five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line. Mobile in
Coral Springs. Hello. Mobile in Coral Springs. Okay. Have a nice day. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello.
Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, how's it going, Neil? Okay. What is it? You're going to get
out of your radio station, man? You're on your program. Meaning what? I've been on. I've been
on. You're on. Now that you're on. Say something, sir. I know that. You know, the rich
care rich. I thought it'll want to give you guys your bonuses. And sidewalks. Yeah. And
I think that douche bags and I give you. Okay. Great. Okay. Thank you. Okay. We have an
open line. He waited all that time. He's had such a tough time getting on. And what did
he say? Did he say anything? No. Five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the
mobile one line. Another Julio with no life. Here's a mobile in Davie. Hello. Hello. Yes,
sir. Hey, I agree with you. Make a pay at number one. Number two, listen, not the any
fault of the players fault. I was interested yesterday when I saw that phone head play with
not putting the ball to find out the papers today. Any paper at Jimmy Johnson were
no up to the problem as he made a mistake. You know what Mary? Mary said, I made a
mistake. I do the coverage. Danny said, hey, it didn't work. We tried to do it. You
know, that comment said we didn't have enough. She's in jail. So we didn't have enough.
Jimmy Johnson said he screwed up. No. Now, Jimmy Johnson don't make mistakes. He's a hard
answer with the real crappy attitude who wants to rip into the media and anybody who dares
to criticize him. He made a very very serious, unacceptable blunder. And even though the
game, you know, had its ups and downs long after that, nevertheless, that changed the
whole tone of the game. That's the only thing that upset me is that in today's paper,
in the interviews, after he didn't say, you know what? I think I've been doing that call.
He didn't even say that. He just said, hey, it didn't matter. That call didn't have anything
to do with the outcome of the game. I thought that was interesting.
Well, that's Jimmy. All right. Don't leave mistakes.
Okay. Have a great day, sir. We have an open line in Brown. And of course, like I said,
it is a pope who's nothing but a little weasel of wannabe. Starts off pretending he's
going to rip into Jimmy and the worst call he's ever seen and the worst one he's ever
made here in Yadiah. And then by the time it gets to the end of his long convoluted
column in which he actually says at one point, oh, up here with me, I'm actually going
to say something here. And he does, by the time it gets to the end, well, we do understand
he was trying to cry out and take the crowd out of the game and start up being an apologist
again as usual. We got a bunch of weak sisters writing news in the newspapers in this town.
Columnist and most of the people on here, weak sisters who just don't want to tell
it like it is. Then if you do say it like it is, then you're a bad guy. Then you're
in the center of a bitch. Everybody had kind of give you that evil look. You son of a
bitch. Exactly. Crawf 56 and 5c.
Q. A. L. The Neil Roger Schardel. A but heads. It's a one to two hour. One, two at 560 WQ.
I mean, there are a lot of rumors that the islanders were going to leave, uh, Nassau Long Island
County County, kind of, or Nassau County, Coliseum and move to Jersey and play in the
metal lands like the devil's do. But you know why they won't move to Jersey?
A lot of food. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, man. I know. Open line of day 5 670 560
pound 560 on the 18 T wireless line. You know, the asshole that was running around with
the laundry on his head. That was a Ken block, by the way. I can tell by the past the
arm and the beard Ken block and the beard. They were there on Saturday. Yeah. Now, one
single solitary penny from the whole staff here other than our program director. They
have a QM for us and a one fundraiser in campaign. This is what you call teamwork, baby.
This is what you call a real team effort going on here. Nassia just warms the
cockles of your heart if I can say that. Can I say that? No. Sorry. Here's Miami. Hello.
Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Yes. Let me remind you that also early in the season,
another bone has played a Jimmy Johnson made it was that you went for two and
we already know that she already discussed it. That's why sports talk is boring
because people keep repeating the same boring stuff over and over again. I'm very sorry.
I watched the game. I'm not. It was a great game, but I'm sorry. I brought it up. Let's
please. The other 20 hours of the day to Jimmy Johnson and Adolph and they lost the game
and got to do these great, et cetera, and so on. Here's the mobile and curl spring.
So, okay, he's gone because he did that. I don't want to hear anymore about it. If I
have to sit here and talk to myself all our I'd rather do that than you just repeat
the same thing over and over again. There's nothing more than needs to be said, okay?
Look at that. Just every head, every line on here lit up because they all want to say,
forget about it. Tangle beyond it too. Okay. I don't want to talk anymore. God damn
sports. That's why it's ponderous and boring because you got the same. Oh, and how about
if how about if it was your don't leave with just throw pancake block? At that point
when I heard that, I should have said to myself, it's time to go on that ship of Colonel
Glenn, a pancake block. Two open lines in Dave County, five, six, seven,
line, mobile in tempered fines. Hello. Hi, Neil. How you doing? Okay, sir. I'd like to
tell you a little story about the not-declined tempered fines. Yeah. They get an
intersection on fines, boulevard and 136 Avenue out in front of the automation there and
they're constantly sitting up a ticket trap there and they finally have to live
in out there five years. They finally got me to run in the red light. And I
found out when I went to court that the Department of Transportation state laws that
for every 10 miles of posted speed that a yellow light must stay yellow for one
second. The mileage out there is 50 miles an hour so the yellow light must stay
yellow for five seconds, which I found is out when I went to court, which I didn't
know until the cop brought it up. So I told the judge that there's no way that
that light stays yellow for five seconds. This is all right. I'll give you 30 days
to get a letter from the Department of Transportation posting what and how
long that light stays yellow. So I went to court a couple days ago, as well as
this is interesting. I didn't even know about this because I went to trial and
that's because there's no way that light is yellow so short. Now I went out
and I timed it and I liked stays yellow for only three seconds. So that's why these
cops did out there. We day in and day out. Yeah. And that's why they got the red
light because the patient of rural service called easy pickings. Yeah. So now I
got to get a letter from Department of Transportation saying that this light
is only three seconds and I videotaped it and everything. So now I go back to
court and show this judge know one of this is a ticket trap and they just
bust people time and time and time and time. Everybody run in that red light. Yeah.
When it's only three seconds and they know it. Anybody out the emperors pines
and buses that intersection and there's thousands of them. You can just go
back there and say, hey, look, this yellow light is only light is yellow for three
seconds. Not five seconds like it's supposed to. And there are the ones that are
breaking while we put the DOT people in jail. Exactly. Okay. Well, don't do that again.
Here's Miami Lake. Hello. Hey, Neil. How are you? Okay, sir. I didn't
clear to talk about sports because obviously this whole town doesn't know
what the hell they're talking about. And it's not really a sports town to be
honest with you. Practically the only one who knows sports in this town. I'm a
Buffalo Bill's fan and the only thing I analysis from from this Miami fan is
regardless of Jimmy's made the decision of taking it or going for it.
Regardless of whatever happened, these people wouldn't be happy. I mean, you
had to make the first sound. That's how you make these people happy. I mean, it's
stupid. It's just that's why he just paid the big bucks. These people don't know
what the hell they're talking about. They're the worst. What's time I ever
seen in the whole United States? I don't understand. What do you mean you had to
make the first sound? What does that mean? Well, it was the ball was what three and
one inch, a third and one two. No, it was more than one. More than one on their own
36 yard line. Okay. Don't go for that. All right. You don't go for a one
36. You have to be out of why not? You're claiming to be a football fan and you
ask me. I'm not a football fan. I'm not a football fan. You first you started
to call by saying you were going to talk about football and all you've talked
about is football. And you don't need and you're not going to Miami fans. You
don't know what you're talking about. Yeah, he's a Buffalo fan because they want
to gain me today. So I hear anybody. He probably got his goals. You're as he
on already because they want to gain me today. That's going there, sir. You
didn't like a goddamn rubber glove right in the old post. That's right. No clue
what they're talking about. Dave County, all three lines open five six seven
oh five sixty pound five sixty on the ponderous freaking AT&T wireless line. Oh my
God. 20 hours a day of this we got a mistation.
Five five five five five five five five five five five five five is there like a
two percent of them have any idea what they're talking about. Let me make
them feel better. Where do you go when you're feeling like?
I'm sixty two eight out. I feel really really happy.
One thirteen and five sixty WQM. We have an open line and
droward and two open lines on that. What's all the G1? Just check it in. What
what does that mean? Our sales manager is just checking in to see if we're
still here. The sequel on the year. Does she know where the station is on the dial?
No. Five six seven oh five six. Here's a camera. Hello. Hey, what's up, Pop? How
you doing, sir? Hey, I got a couple things for you. First thing is I don't know what
the hell he's all from family getting so excited about you. You know when six or
seven games all year long anyway. What's about it, sir? Next topic. Okay, went
out to that piece of law. Good food. Yeah. I had to over a while after I've
finished eating everything I really just fine. Going home made it down to about
the mobile space. Yeah, that's we got to deal. They got a special deal with the
mobile station. We have a brow lines up. Somebody in this organ to come up with
like fifty cents a dollar to an effort. So you can get a piggy bank. Huh? Maybe
they can get one of those little China piggy bank. Everybody. Everybody
got a couple cents in there. Man, oh man. These people refuse. They don't care
and there's nothing you can do to make them care. They don't want to be
involved. They don't want to know from it and that's great. All of our
county all three lines open. You know, their lines were smoking when you were
taking a leak and I was as soon as you come back this the way this is what
happens with you again. Huh? Yeah, try to get doing number two five six seven
oh five sixty and five five sixty on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Miami. Hello.
Hello. Yes, sir. Hello. I'm speaking. Are you thinking or are you just saying?
One day, one day, one day, please. Let me try to make my point. Yeah, make your point
with this. Okay. See, you're your dead tip off happens every time you
call. Oh, please let me speak. Let me speak. Let me speak. Here's a mobile in
Carroll City. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I was just watching the CNN that
Gordon approved. Yeah. And they had, um, they were talking about a per fell
given a million dollars from college owns. Yeah. I didn't know what what
is he trying to do? Have it. Don't you watch the news? How did you see this?
Where is it? Where is it? How did he benefit from this? Because he's a
university-sicking asshole. That's all. He's in the
Amazon and always has been. And then he starts to end up.
Yeah, but we're sure. And Robert Westwood is bringing up that point world. You
know, I hope that's a big thank you. What is this? You were saying, how can
we or not end up getting kind of star? You mean, you got the proof with
illegal? Yeah. And he was defending that. But everybody's there. Oh, no, no, no,
whatever he found, he found. Yeah. You got to hope in those jobs. He looks a lot better.
That's your fault. Bitch. State County's open now. This guy just discovered it.
I'm CNN last night. Why is that a busy full-life like everybody this time? Here's a mobile
import. Hello. Okay, sir.
Excuse me, baby. Have a quick thing. You know, I'm a man. I want to talk to you
saying about the law. You know, if we were let judge.
So I heard people out, cut the bullcrap. You read all those laws and start
to even with the cocaine, the heroin people. Those are the people that are like
Robin, you're seven lovers and kill them people and they're all trying to
crazy stuff. Okay, no sympathy for me on cocaine. Cracked cocaine, regular
plain old cocaine, any kind of cocaine. No sympathy in this corner. Sorry, pal.
Face the call, by the way, George. Here's a mobile import. Lauderdale. Hello.
Hello, Dale. Yes, sir. Just one question. How are you been?
What does that mean? No, what I want to know. What does that mean with the
phony voice? What does that mean? No, phony voice. Exactly. Do you know anything about
Jack Lee and Jack Lee? It's all it's all it's all it's all it's.
But not anything to this. Does anybody here know who Jackie Lee is beside you with me?
Well, slightly no. Okay, thank you. How are you talking about it? Here's another guy.
We had to hook him up with the guys who called to go. That found out about
Abe Herschel to the million dollars to follow John. Old,
stale, news, sir. Just like Jackie Lee, old and stale.
Oh, open line is powered to into a bad poor Jackie Lee to freehold.
And you know why Jackie Lee hangs out in freehold?
A lot of footwear is there. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello.
I got a mobile in my mouth. Hello. Yes, sir. You know what's the phone?
You know what there's anything still going for it? What is this?
There's no basketball on it. I think you need to have a good.
Yeah, okay, right. Go get your own balls. Okay, pal.
Maybe you can find some on a street corner. Some American buy some.
There's a guy looking for balls. Two over lines a day to him.
They don't do sports on it. I'm important to some police officers like
a Metro date and all over safety department on this proposition 12.
And some of these fellows are scared to speak out to lose in their jobs.
Yes. So I'd like to at least point bring across some of their points.
Back in the olden days, you drove your car. You'd be legal in one county with a gun.
Elegal in another county. And you were arrested. You could be thrown in
prison and not even know you were illegal by unscrupulous prosecutors.
Yeah. And they also said that the E is criminal
sale of guns that gun shows is so small.
In the ocean compared to the illegal gun sales elsewhere and around the country.
Yeah. So they feel that this proposition is just
does more harm than does good to the honest citizen.
So in other words, you ought to be able to walk into a gun show and buy a six or seven guns
without any criminal check and just walk out the door.
Want the ammo? Is that what you're saying, sir?
No, but we're saying that what I was trying to close down everything.
They're trying to. Good. They're trying to.
Good. But that's good.
Put your own hands in an gun that's all in jail.
That's right.
That's what Linda Blair says.
They county lines are open.
Our show without one real lady calling here today. Is that possible?
Uh-huh.
Well, an entire four hour show.
That is the, oh no, we had that old woman I called before.
I'm so remember. Oh, thank God I remember that.
Well, she don't count.
She's older than a fuzzless grandma that old back.
Now she was nice. She just the old and she was born.
5670560, Palm 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Hollywood. Hello.
Yeah. Did you see the teenager?
We sent this court to three or four years from position where I want to.
You're so despondent.
I ran into story on here here Friday.
Jumped out of it was in Manhattan.
He jumped out of the window and killed himself.
It was amazing. We were going.
Yeah.
marijuana.
There's by hardened criminal.
But what was it just feel about that?
He doesn't care.
I think the judge had a woman commit suicide is what I think.
That's a good idea.
Okay. Thank you.
All to get on the subway with Bernard.
Get another one for you.
Open line and BNT wireless line.
We keep probing just like John Glenn.
Reckon keep sticking our probe and.
Reckon and nothing's happening.
Okay. You know what I said old farties up there in space.
Still hasn't had a good.
I like that.
That's why he went up there.
He's been plugged up for about 20 years.
John Glenn thought that because you know,
all that the free weight and free.
Still hasn't had to be a muffin.
I've got to him ship and that's what they're all laughing about.
You know, it should be kind of sure that I asked the people
out of your life and their ass off.
Hey John, have one today yet?
Good to be empty.
No.
Not yet.
Here's maybe a few more of those goddamn flutty flakers.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes sir.
You've got a great show.
I like it a lot.
I just want to make a point.
Yeah.
The Democrats are going to make hard in just elections
because of their way to Republicans when about this.
Monica G.
Right.
So Democrats are going to make it in just a lecture
all across the country.
Okay.
I hope you're right sir.
From your mouth to God's ears.
I'd like to show a lot.
And God bless you.
I'd hear you go.
He said,
Oh god.
We're going to make sure all the Democrats get into Marl.
That's what he said because we're sick and tired of these goddamn
mahypocrates.
These sanctimonious
full-crap Republicans like New King,
which in all these other Dan Burton.
Henry High, he's high,
the broke up that poor guy's marriage over there in Western.
Open line and broad too up over the weekend by the way.
Yesterday being Sunday all those good righteous Christians.
How many million?
I forget how many million they give an up on the news life.
Millions and millions of those little sheets they had
at all those churches all over America.
Those good right wing born again, hypocritical assholes.
Those bigoted douchebagged, those scumbags
that want to take over the whole goddamn government.
Do you think they endorsed one single Democrat?
No.
I don't think so.
Because now all of a sudden,
evangelical,
fanatical Christian and Republican,
it becomes synonymous.
Here you go, same people, same assholes.
We want to run everybody's goddamn life.
We want to take effect of the Stone Age
with their goddamn bull-crap Bible
until everybody had to live.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6.
Number 5, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes?
Hey, I got it out.
Okay, get a new phone and call me up into, let me hear it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60 out of 18 T line.
Here's Cooper City.
Hello.
Hey Neil, how you doing?
Okay.
I just read on the Libertarian West Side
that, uh,
Wait a minute.
Well, I don't agree with that.
Yeah.
The GOP tried to pass the law last year.
That it's a second time offender
who's found with two ounces of marijuana or more.
Electric here.
Death penalty.
Uh-huh.
Did you know that?
No.
Unbelievable.
And I don't believe it.
It's on there is anybody else.
Well, the Libertarians put it on there.
They all need this smoking too much
bad with Libertarian.
So that's like the guy that was
a huck of the China with that asshole
from a school magazine,
which I forgot the name already.
And I threw it away.
Please don't say it.
I know the great philosopher
with his satanic or anti-religion
whatever you want.
And don't say it.
Uh-huh.
Same thing.
Oh, well, I'm with the Libertarians.
Great.
You might.
And guess what they put on there again.
I put it on another repeat last night.
They must have had a flood.
I'm doing my channel surfing.
Here's a little rock here.
Oh, on there again.
But there it came.
Oh, my God.
Yeah.
Same old bull crap.
He's in fact, he's got a written down.
He's reading his own little prepared speech.
Is he running for dog catcher this year
for anything else?
No.
So what's all they keep sticking his stupid ass on there for?
But his big ears look like dumber one bad day.
They should have sent him to that plastic surgeon down there
in Rio that was on 60 minutes last night.
You see that little kid with a big ear?
Huh?
And when his surgeon got done,
when he looked at the mirror and he was smiling,
still looked so goofy.
But, uh-huh.
We have a-
Did he still look so bizarre?
Not as good.
In fact, it looked like instead of just flying like dumber,
he was going to take off straight up into the air with those ears.
But he's also 25 past one at night.
No.
Anybody going to vote four or five hundred times tomorrow?
No.
Damn it.
That's what we got to do to get over buddy.
And he's my buddy.
He's an old Yahoo.
He's like, uh, and Andy Griffith is doing the spot
for Democratic candidate because he's a 300.
All right, Andy.
Oh, he's like those awful shows he was on.
Have you tried the new his new
and haven't?
You had a life off either.
I've only-
Leben.
I'm gonna die you, I'm gonna die you, I'm gonna die you, I'm gonna die you, I'm gonna die you
I rolled that boot sick wheel and down, making that with my leg on, M-I-L-I-M-I-S
I couldn't have pissed a fat of B-B-O
Feeling pitch outta got my back most poked, I'm a whole bunch of nearly choked
When she sucked down my big fat wheel and started to scream like a horny ill-billy
Hillary's mad, I'm down on my knees, it's Taylor West's kid, Dr. Reese
I'm so wanna be my fellow Steve, I'm so gonna be Steve, I'm so gonna be Steve, I'm so gonna be Steve, I'm so gonna be Steve, I'm so gonna be Steve, I'm so gonna be Steve
Superstar report, I really can't cope, I'm the president, not the friggin' first
The time is now when I'm calling and clean, I like my boobs with cherry cream
The boys on the hill, they they may you be, or if I'm gettin' so far to truth and delete
Time to hire a cash cream could be legit, if she didn't spin they must be quick
We're not from his over in time, just boom
I'm jumping in the middle of the lead like a hot potato
Never stop a Hillary, they're all I do
He's all getting busy with January now
Sick of that, I never want to hold me a bump
I might have got struck by the shit not come
Shares the death, motherfucking shit is not a death
Excuse me, general bum, Afghanistan
Woo!
Sticking the cigar with chance to stand
You picked that big box, you're black, man and wet
We're supposed to pull that same dress
Clean it, be out, do it so many times
I got a little secret, I'm ready to end it
Saw kidn't thought you would lend a trick
Checking out the booties, I'm ready to pop
Or would everybody unlet in my pants
Ewww, you're off!
132 and 560 W2M, we got to hangover coming up from
Shuler State 2 with 2
Luke Shamby, 6 o'clock tonight, briefly
Because then we got the big panther game
No, yes we do
Seven o'clock tonight, to pre-gaming then 730
Panthers at the islanders on the pond
There in Long Island, will there be anybody there?
No
Will there be anybody listening?
No
It's gonna be big
Maybe tonight we'll find out what we really got out there
Maybe Terry Murray got a lobotomy over the weekend
We have an open line in Broward to
Competo B, chill out
Competo B
Yeah, hi, Gail
Yes sir
Yeah, my name is Frank, I'm a transport in New York
I'm down here in South Florida
I just like to tell you, I think you're not only very entertaining
But you're going in as informative
For someone who doesn't protect the sports journalists
You know more than anybody down here
That's a short
Yes I do
My question is
We're talking about sports is very boring
So especially down here at Spondwreth
And they do it 20 hours the rest of the day
And I will not do it here
Well that's not what I'm calling about
Thank God
My question to you is
If you were to have your choice as to be
Who would be our next president?
I'm just curious who you think it should be
Meaning what?
Who should be our next president?
I mean
I have no idea, I don't know what the person's name is
Because I don't see anybody on a horizon
Who's qualified to be president
Okay, I'm sorry
I don't have much faith in anybody on a horizon either
And just want to look at what was a pleasure speaking with you
And I would go about it
And I wish I could say the same
Okay, we have two open lines a day to end
Anybody got an idea for the next president?
No
How about Dave Hirschfeld?
No
What's wrong with that?
He gives us the money, he's writing checks
Go over the place
Yeah, that's right, he's a classy guy
Remember that night that Hank had him on here?
That was pretty nice
He wanted all of the counter that night
That was fresh
Yeah
Here's Evan Shura, hello
Neil God
Yes sir
I'm just letting you know I'm out in front of borders in Evan Shura
Yeah
But both CD's
Thank you, God bless you
And just wanted to call
One thing I've always wanted to bring to your attention
You never notice how on the TV commercials for children international
That overwhelming majority of those countries that need
With so much poverty are Catholic
Well of course they're Catholic because they're reproducing like rabbits
That's the way the Pope wants it
But you think if they were Catholics that there'd be some help?
No
Have a nice day
Thank you so much, thanks for your help
Well there's a great amount of just donated forty bucks to center one
picked up the CD that's more than our entire sales department put together
Is it not?
And our management and sales department put together
Right?
And everybody else on the staff except for everybody who put together
Right?
And you know something?
I don't want it
If they were to come to me right now just like Wayne said
If they were to come to me right now
And all for me to check
From the management or the sales department
I will not take that check for center one or for anybody else
I'll take my bonus check
So sure thing we'll do it without them
Because basically we've done this whole thing without very much assistance from this station anyway
So we'll just do it without them
I don't want their guide there mine
Because if you've got to embarrass somebody and do it again
That's just not, I don't believe in that
I mean I've been mentioning it as we go along
Because I assume that you know eventually somebody get around with
It just doesn't happen
It just doesn't happen
And there are people who travel back and forth
Between the two buildings every day
So it's not like if somebody over there wanted a way to check
It wouldn't get back to us here
Is it?
No, I don't think so
It's so fine
No interest, I don't want it
We'll get the money from the police
We'll listen on the internet all over wherever they are and whatever we do
The best you can
Because it's obvious now that we work for a radio station
It just doesn't care
They just don't give a crap
Or you told me that a long time ago
But I find it very hard to believe
They only want to use people to make them money
And it's over because that anybody ever hear this station do insurance stuff before
No
And if anybody else involved on this station would do like a fundraiser for a...
No
This is a goddamn sports station
We don't worry about stuff like that
I'll raise the money for charities and good causes
Or does he talk and repeat in the same crap over and over and over
We're getting 50 million times about the pancake block
And a pancake make up and 10 blocks
And every other goddamn bunch of bull crap
Here's a mobile in Miami, hello
Yeah, yes sir
Dad, so now some give a crap about football number one
Good
You got to double-aid, boy
I just came back 17 days in Europe
Yeah
I took your advice and I took city first
I flew the...
And my wife, she's a real reserve kind of loathe person
She looked at me and she goes, what are we doing here?
There you go
And I always ask myself
I mean, it is unfrike and bullied
I'm gonna have to check out that city bird
I keep hearing about a good things about them
I'm telling you
You will...
This guy just had a great time that he came back here
Which, uh, he wonders why
Open line and Broward to and date
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 22 till 500 and date open again now
Boy, this is brutal, this is really a sad
And of course I know that they're not gonna have anything to say about that bonus check today
So that means you'll get George tomorrow
Then Thursday's my birthday and after that I'm going on vacation
So all I can say is
Oh right
Now I got something to look forward to what he getting depressed about
I was feeling really up there the first 45 minutes this morning
And of course all of a sudden the phones hit me in the face
That's how you need it
I have an estimate that's scoring it down
But I'm gonna tell you there are a lot of boring games out there already this season
It seems very young
And there have been a lot of coma-inducing games
But still, let me tell you something
When you got teams playing in Green's Blur
In front of 1500 people and in Tampa in front of 5000 people
And New Jersey in front of 6,000
When you got all this expansion going on
And you still got more teams coming in
Columbus and Atlanta and Minneapolis which have already failed
That's what's gonna happen
This is what expansion does for sports it won't eroons it
I mean I appreciate good defense for sports
But there's difference between good defense and in-apps often
Right
You had a job
But you get a chance to watch them
We have an open-line in drought all three in day five together today
Happy birthday dear
Something somebody that cares, somebody who's alive
Somebody out there that's got the cajones that's got the breath
To go to the phone and pick it up
And do any such person out there?
No
5,670, 560, 0560 on the 18th P. wireless line
Pepper pine, hello
Are you all lady?
No, not really, yeah
Not yet
We don't have that problem
We don't have to worry about having good goal-tending, huh
No, we don't
Listen, I am part of an organization
And what I don't like is lines of the companies people in the upper groups of an organization that never contact you
Besides the sending the letter, I'm talking about the Florida Association of Realty
If they decide to tell us who we're supposed to vote for
And they think that, well, we recommend
Uh-huh
That's not the faster jet bush
It's not one you recommend to say
We're not supposed to
Basically, I packed them back a pen page back
And I kept re-faxing it through using a bolder paper
That's like how you say, you know, you've never been a dog type
But he does a lot about the shady real estate deal
So that kind of fits right in, doesn't it?
But I just say, I mean, I'm just saying it as a group
They wasted all this money on our postage paper
Yeah
And it's just like, and a lot of people just sit down and take it
I mean, who the hell is this guy?
You see a lot on postage, you know what you're talking about
Could everybody in Florida is in a real estate business?
Everybody in this state is a realtor, it's up to me
He said, that's what they say, check your drivers' license and your real estate
Right, that's right
Okay, good luck now
Hey, before you go
Come over to stick it, yes?
Jimmy Johnson, blow
Okay, thank you
Okay, we have an open line in Broward to a date, 5, 6, 7, 05
Tom 5, 6, 3, on the 18th P.Y. West Line
I'm not going to talk about it anymore, but I just want to say this
If I hear one person on this radio station
Or anywhere out there in the general public
Trying to defend saying it was a gutsy call
By Jimmy to go forth in an inch on your own 36-yard line
Early in the game when you got all the momentum going
I'm going to call up myself
And arrange for a lobotomy for that person
A lobotomy, you know how you do a lobotomy?
Change it right out immediately, no problem
Here's sunrise, hello
I think it was a gusty call
What you're talking about is something just...
Here's a mobile invoker, hello
Neil
Yes sir, what was your happy birthday number one?
Thank you
The fans that keep talking about the same thing
And you keep playing the same stuff, sunlight
Meaning what?
You know, you know, your material
You need to know what to do with that
Oh yeah, we need to disguise every day now
We need no material, that's what he's monitoring again today
We got no material every day
Book a Brian just playing 400 new bits
Just to keep you entertained, okay sir?
So then you continue your monitoring
You jackass, you idiot
Go back to New York, okay?
Like I said, burning gets
We've got a spare for you
And him and Charlton has been...
Let me show the subway
Open line of day one and brown
Here's a lady in Miami maybe
Hello Neil
Yes
Happy birthday
Thank you
I listen to you all the time
Yeah
And to me, you're very, very funny
Yeah
You're very...
And I've always liked you show
Yeah
And I forgot about your birthday
Usually I remember your Scorpio
Uh-huh
So happy, happy birthday
Thank you so much
And have a great day
Thank you
Bye-bye
Okay, we have two...
12 minutes before 2 at 5'60
Maybe you know what his play-toler was don't you?
Rectum
It became a shot
And I was a bush that knew it's misery
Where'd you find Hank Goldberg?
By swear you got it
Sports radio 5'60
You A.L
You're trying to tell you something right now
And you can mark it down
If Robert County would change their mind
And decide they wanted to build this facility
I will not let you
Oh right
Because I will not have you guys
Looking at me for the next 10 years
And here's the guy that said one thing
And went out and did something else
Oh
He's a talent
Oh
He got the money from his daddy
And as I said, my little daddy
Oh
We're in the center that's right there
Oh
Well he's a talent happy daddy
No, but they're ballet
Oh
Well he's a presidential son
Who doesn't have to run
No one else is gonna know any
I just want to just move right in
Sing hard
Sing hard
Sing hard
Sing hard
He has a golden spoon
He was born with up his ass
So look out all you dudes
Oh
Get ready for the gas
Oh
Oh
He'll give our civil rights the wavy
Oh
I think the talent has been nasty
No, but they're ballet
Well he's a very wealthy dude
With very passion
Who's ever played his dude
By the skill of his crew
Sing hard
Sing hard
Sing hard
And he's much more
And he's a talent happy daddy
Go the best of ways
Come on, let's do this
Come on, let's do this
Come on, let's do this
Also we've been for years boys and girls
I'll tell you this
But of course, everyone, our little kids
Get to go to camp
They'll all be dressed in the same
It'll be great
Here's a mobile and four-letter deal
Hello
Hey Neil
Yes sir
Hey happy birthday, first of all
Thank you so much
Yeah, I wanted to tell you
After listening to you show the last couple days
You were right on target
As far as the way this arena is running
You know, I've listened to
I even called them up and complained about the service
I wanted to share with them
They have no idea what they're going to do to fix the parking
No idea what they're going to do to fix the possession
So they have to keep playing like that
So they never thought about that upfront huh?
Yeah, it looks like all of a sudden in arena
Just kind of popped up
And they said, hey, let's fill the road system for it
That's right, that's right
That's right, let's go ahead and put concession people in place
Since they started the season already
Yeah, I got to say it's absolutely horrendous
And they ain't like that
They opened the gates an hour and a half before game time
But if you go to the concession stand
It'll have dinner there before you enjoy the game
All the way to that, no matter what you want
It's not ready yet, are you crazy?
Yeah, if you go to the concession stand an hour and a half
At least you can make the second period
Right, there you go
Hey have a good day
Okay pal, I'll see you there Wednesday nights
Black Hawks, there should be easy pickings
After we knocked the stuff and out of them
And Friday night in Chicago, anybody believe we're going to do it again?
No, come on
Mobile in Hellendale, hello
Hello
Hello
Yes sir
Sitting at the Hellendale Beach Bridge
Trying to head on to A1A
Oh yeah
Yeah, I'd get there a lot of there real fast if I were you
Well, the bridge is only two lanes
It's fine, it's fine, it's fine
You're aging by the second
Ah, by the second
I didn't get a chance to shake your hand though
I think the last Wednesday night
You were coming up the elevator with a friend of yours
And I just happened to be checking out the place
at campus stadium and it was a thrill
Right
It was a thrill off your renaissance me
Oh, okay
I sure love the rena
I understand what you're talking about with the guys
Listen to the naked eye, it looks spectacular
I mean, you look at that place, it's a palace
It's, you know, they just got some things there and out
One of one of which would be a real team out there would be nice
Well, that doesn't even matter to the facility itself
It looks beautiful, yeah
I've got, I have a band I'd like to send you the CD
They're equivalent to the factory boys
In fact, it's John Ra
And my son is the saxophone player in the band
Okay
And the band's name is Big Sky
Big Sky
And if you like what you hear, they'd love to come and play
George will give you the address
Thanks
Hang on, no, not for them to come and play just for the CD
Here's a mobile in Hollywood, hello
Yeah, hello, I demand a stick in Yale Rouges
Is there a habitual satellite offender?
Yeah, speaking
Speaking
All right, me, how you doing?
Okay
I'm going to get a bicycle and start driving around in Fort Lauderdale without a decal
That's what I'm going to do, that's what kind of a criminal I am
Listen, I want to get this thing before voting to you tomorrow
This guy was never elected even dog cancer, correct?
Yeah
What a country man
Listen, I have a question about the Astundee Palace
I have to go up to Atlanta tomorrow
Can I put an Astundee balance when I come back on Wednesday or not?
Wednesday, I put about 50,000 in a day and have each one of your 400 friends put in about 50,000 I might tighten it up a little bit
Like they didn't Miami
In fact, well let's you know how many you have to put in on Wednesday morning
Here's a mobile in Fort Myers, hello
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Okay sir
Happy birthday from Fort Myers
Thank you so I'll call from Fort Myers before the bidder end today
Oh, it's been a picture bidder day today man
I don't know
My first time I came back once a day I get to Red Wing
Oh, sorry
And yeah, it was, it was, my time when the fans got there at the second and the first of the mission the game was already over
It was a big moment
But we've got our own little, my only hockey team starting up here next week or so our stadium's gonna be done
We've already thrown it out between the two
I tell you one thing, those madadors on set the world on fire see they had 2100 for their third home game in the season
Well, I run like close to bigger than the fans as I've ever told them
I feel sorry for what's the guy's name, what's the Snyder, whatever the guy's name
I feel sorry for them because they're trying to promote something in a place that just don't cut it
Well, good afternoon, go kiss the man over there
They're kicking ass in four miles
You team and they're actually putting some people in there
Well, we're almost out of time here today and what can I say if we had any response on the problem here with the bonus check
No, any response from inside?
No
Outside?
No
Legal people?
No, aliens?
No
Okay, just check it on it, I realize it's not important
And I've only had one sick day since I've been here in over 10 months
So I guess you know why the hell I maybe a little of birthday party over at mommy's house tomorrow
Starting about 11 o'clock in the morning
What are you smiling about?
I mean not even to have a response, not even for there to be a reply
It's like don't you understand, you'll get it when we're good and ready
Maybe Wednesday, maybe after you go on vacation, pour us whenever we get around with
See, I've played that game before, remember the last time?
Right
With a sick wife on the plane, with somehow, and what they had to do with them writing a check in four miles
I have no idea anywhere, Naples, where they're earlier
What they had to do with them writing a check in setting it over here, since they sign it
I just want to make sure that Joe knows some vacation that needs to have a, you know,
Freedmen or creepers stand there
But that's still on vacation?
Or that no
This guy is on permanent vacation, even Steve Tyler was ever on permanent vacation like this guy
It is absolutely unbelievable
