This is Sports Radio 560 QAM.
Oh my god.
560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers Show.
Okay.
Neil called 560 560 toll free for date and rarer or pound 560 on your cell phone.
The opinions of Neil, his guest, callers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM easily read acquisitions or the Beasley broadcast group.
Now Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560 QAM.
Oh my god.
Wonderful.
WQAM.
Oh my god.
The children gathered round the truffles, no electricity.
They stand in place for their cross-grade of no decent question.
His Christmas is about to end.
And the news are present.
All right.
The whole day time of year when nobody finds a stand.
The Christmas is best soon with colorful eyes.
And all the rising art pieces are brushed to the side.
It's Christmas in Bosnia.
Oh.
Let's just jump out in place.
Taking a moment to a Bible that makes James René.
Don't you think that's all that you need in something that's of use?
Don't you don't want to tell us where there's joy in our faith?
Cosmetic Christmas in Bosnia.
There's no movement in the earth.
It's the primary result of religion.
Cosmetic art is out of danger.
Oh.
Let's just jump out in place.
There's no space in Bosnia.
It's a Christmas in Bosnia.
Oh, right.
Hello to 560 WQM Happy Thursday to you.
Did you crack the overhead down for some particular reason or what?
No, it's okay.
I can crack it up.
I'll crank it.
Anyway, good news.
We got the casino ships back again.
Oh, I remember what I think to do with cruise ships with casinos on ships.
I've told you that for years.
It's a rip off.
It's a wasted time.
But the good old Gus, he got him back out there again last night.
And thank God for good old Gus.
He ain't going to take no crap from nobody.
Okay.
The sun cruise was back out there again.
And they're fleecing the money and more power to him.
Okay.
I mean, if the people in the state of the people up there in Tallahassee are too repressive and too in the end at all.
And two stone age to let us have real casinos on land.
Then people are going to lose their money.
They got a right to do it.
Great article by Fred Grimm and a hero this morning.
Nice call, Fred.
Oh.
Casinos get a free ride.
One of the few times that you'll ever read a column in either newspaper in this town and learn something.
What a concept.
You actually, I learned something this morning.
So anyway, going back to the bus to the cruise ships a couple of nights ago.
One investigator said he was playing poker aboard the sun cruise six while it was still docked in Hollywood.
Oh.
And it was claimed that the Monte Carlo, which else out of Pompano Beach, cheated gambors running blackjack games with decks lacking crucial face cards.
Bill Thompson was not surprised at the cheating charges.
Thompson who teaches courses in public regulation of gaming and has written five books on the gambling industry.
Said it was a given that without regulation is going to be cheating at some level.
There you go without regulation because the state of Florida, at least we're consistent.
We can't regulate anything.
Oh.
He says you don't have any regulation in Florida.
He said Florida is simply home to the largest unregulated gambling industry in the nation.
Only South Carolina, which has 30,000 unregulated slot machines, rivals Florida in poverty of oversight.
Nevada spends $30 million a year keeping casinos in line.
New Jersey spends twice that much.
Florida spends, take a guess how much do we spend?
Zero is the big.
Oh.
Nothing.
Zil, Zipity Duda.
In Nevada, for example, casino workers must receive a license from the local sheriff after a criminal background check, not in Florida.
So they're having raids.
They're staging these things for the media for public consumption, Bobby Butterworth and Ken Jenny to show us all that they're doing for us.
But in the meantime, it's, it's, it's a ask backward because there's no regulation.
So what difference does it make?
They're inviting these people to rip you off and, and if people want to go and get ripped off, I think they got a right to go and get ripped off.
If you want to play the lottery, be my guest.
Lottery is one of the great rip offs in history, but I'm all for the lottery.
I think if you want to go and lose your money, just like having gone to Vegas and lost plenty of money last week, I, then I have a good time.
Oh, you bet.
And that's with all the regulation they got out there.
Vegas isn't lucky used to be years ago when the guys with the twisted noses and the striped suits were out there.
Now there's heavy duty regulation.
They got guys overhead, unbeknownst to you.
They're watching every, every time you pick your nose or got, or got forbid if you pick your rectum.
And they're like alarm bills that go off.
That's right, especially if a seed pops out.
I mean, they're watching everything that goes on.
That's the kind of real heavy duty regulation that oversight.
Although I will say this.
I better not say it.
Well, do I want to say that there may have been minors gambling at all the casinos that I was in?
Do I want to say that?
No.
I better not say.
Well, I'm telling you, unless I'm a bad judge of age, huh?
And when you're an old, horny, fag-like eye, and you better be a real good judge of age because you know this country, they get real nervous.
You can get you out of check ID before you touch anybody.
And I don't know.
I saw a lot of people that looked like 18 and 19 sitting at Slavishin, having a good time.
And the legal gambling age in Vegas is 21 last time I checked.
Do we believe that there are any, huh?
Do you think there's any kids gambling out there in Vegas?
No.
But at least they make an attempt.
That's the point.
They make an attempt to have some regulation and at least protect the public.
For example, it says in Vegas, Slavishin's are routinely checked to ensure that the return is at least 85%.
You see the signs out there that say 97% return, 98%.
But they have to return at least 85%.
Overall, casinos gambling isn't a bad.
It loses an average of 3% to the house.
And of course, here, it's like, who knows how much they're paying back?
5%, 20% on these cruise ships.
But people are so thirsty and so desperate for some action that they go down into the port either up there in wherever, pop it over, wherever.
And they hop on these ships and they go three miles outside the international waters, whatever they call it.
And they plunge their brains out.
Anybody we know ever really win a lot of money on anything?
No.
Not anybody that I know.
Maybe somebody in the audience says won a lot of money on a cruise ship.
I mean, there's always got to be one and make it look good.
Anybody ever win 27 million like the lady in Vegas did enough of how a station a couple weeks ago?
No.
On a cruise ship, I doubt it.
But nevertheless, I mean, you know, past them laws, get some teeth into it, do some regulating.
It's just like the thing with not inspecting automobiles.
That's why you got all those little brown coups out there, all those beat up old brown corollos.
Because we have no inspection.
I've been talking about this for years.
And it's a, that's why you got all these people with no insurance, especially in Dade County.
God forbid that somebody should hit you because the odds are forget about what you might get killed or not.
In fact, maybe you're better off getting killed because if you survive and then try to collect it, well, we got no insurance.
What was the percent they were estimating a couple years ago, like 60, 70% of the people in Dade County are driving with no insurance?
At least half.
Yeah, at least half.
Like I said, 60, 70% and the banana boat people, hardly any of them have any insurance?
No.
Probably not.
How the hell can they afford insurance when the best thing they can do is afford a little beat up old brown corollos with bald tires, no brakes, no headlights, no tail lights?
You know, that's a great thing when you're driving in South Florida at night and you see somebody driving with no lights on and you assume, you know, it's like early in the evening.
And just getting it gotten dark and you assume that it's an oversight on their part.
They just forgot to turn it off and you flash your, your blink your lights at them and hope that maybe the asshole might turn their lights on.
And then you realize as they go by, there's no tail lights, there's, as they're stopping, there's no brake lights, there's no, there's no lights, they just don't have any lights.
So it's not that they're doing it because they want to, you know, break the law, they just don't have any lights.
How can you turn your lights on when you don't have any goddamn lights?
Can you do it?
No.
Of course not.
So what the hell are you knocking those bastards for?
They're driving according to the Florida philosophy and that is we cannot regulate anything.
When it comes to drug testing, if the race tracks, when it comes to all kinds of good stuff, can we get the job done?
No. We're like protecting the public.
No.
So there you go.
So what the hell are they putting on this media circus and show for everybody to try to show us what great, you know, Bob Butter.
See that, that's the deal.
People like Bob Butter, with we got too many of them in this state.
Goody two shoes, he's going to protect us.
And those people don't want to be protected.
The people on the cruise ships.
They'd like to be protected from sinking, you know, and drowning stuff like that or trying to erase hurricanes out of the Caribbean.
I'm sure they probably want to be protected from that or maybe if a fire breaks out on board, they might like to be protected from that.
But other than that, I mean, you have to be a more on that to know that you're getting ripped off.
If you want to gamble in a place where there's very little handle going on, what's the chance you're going to win anything?
It just commonsense that the odds are stacked heavily against you and they still don't care.
They still want to go out there and have their good time.
And I guarantee you that anybody who's on those ships couple of nights ago, they're probably pissed off.
They're fired off and pissed off right now because somebody took away their good time.
Even if they were getting ripped off, they'd rather get ripped off and lose and still have a good time
than have Bob Butterworth and Ken Jenny come out there and put on a big show.
So nice going Fred Grimm's good article.
Oh!
In the heraldous morning like I said, I learned something.
Just like when I come in here every day, I learn a lot.
Nine minutes after 10 is 560 WQA and next.
Sports Radio 560 QHL.
Stiff Manage, I f*** them out!
Boy, I'm red-chin'
For my cheap side of the stretchin'
You went by underwear, didn't they get on time?
I got street.
The TV card I'm long fin'
I could use another newspaper to
I've been here too long
Here on the grass road
Grass, grass, grass
But kind of you flatter
I have a big bed in freshroom
I'll bring from all of the presents
Could be resulting from anything
Too much butter, that's pretty so horny
Now every time I stand up
I'm reminded that I should fit back down
Grass, if you're long
Here on the grass road
Grass, grass, grass
But kind of you flatter
Grass, grass, grass
Grass, grass, grass
Grass, grass, grass
Grass, grass, grass
Grass, grass, grass
Grass, grass, grass
Grass, grass, grass
Grass, grass, grass, grass
Grass, grass, grass, grass
Grass, grass, grass
Grass, grass, grass
Grass, grass, grass
Grass, grass, grass
Grass, grass, grass
Grass, grass, grass
Grass, grass
Grass, grass
Grass, grass
Grass, grass
Grass, grass
Grass, grass
Grass, grass
Grass, grass
Grass, grass
Grass, grass
Grass, grass
Grass, grass
Grass, grass
Grass, grass
Grass, grass
Grass, grass
Grass, grass
Grass, grass
Grass, grass
Grass, grass
Grass, grass
Grass, grass
Grass
Grass
Grass
Grass
Grass
Grass
Grass
Grass
Grass
Grass
Grass
Grass
Grass
Grass
Grass
Grass
Grass
Grass
Grass
Grass
Grass
Grass
Grass
Grass
Grass
Grass
Grass
Grass
Grass
Grass
Grass
Grass
Grass
Grass
Grass
Grass
Grass
Grass
Grass
Grass
Grass
Grass
Grass
Grass
Grass
Grass
Grass
Grass
Grass
Grass
Grass
Grass
Grass
Grass
Grass
Grass
Grass
Grass
Grass
sit back as far as the seat as possible and then like kind of shove. Don't you just want
to take your knee and jam it into that seat and watch them just pop forward and hit their
head on the bulkhead, you know, hoping that their seat belt ain't buckled and that they
just go flying into the bulkhead is, hey, I don't do it again, asshole. That kind of thing.
Have you ever had that? Why do people do that? Why can't there be a look? I never do that.
Not that I'm so much better than anybody else. Maybe it's just that I travel a lot. I
have nothing more frustrating because most planes, you know, the whole thing is how many
assholes can we squeeze on here and how much money can we get out of it? That's the way
the airlines operate. Not how much legroom can we give you. I mean, if you're going to
spend six grand to fly to Europe for, I'm British Air or something, yeah, they give you
a ton of legroom. The asshole in front of you can push your seat back as far as he wants.
You don't have to worry about it because he can't get anywhere near you. They give you
ample room. You don't have to worry. Anybody ever fly in America? Worst like talking about
going to Vegas. I mean, there, there isn't an extra tenth of an inch of space between
you and a jackass in front of you when they put their seat back. I mean, they are right
in your lap. And in most cases, you don't want those people in your lap. There might be
a couple of people on the plane I want in my lap, but they're never the ones sitting in
front of me that cut their seat back all the way in front of my face. Why do they do that?
Why are people so goddamn inconsiderate? I'll tell you the reason why. Just go out and
drive here in South Florida, wherever you are. Get in your car and go about two blocks.
And you'll discover that most people believe that they're the only people on the face of
the earth, whether it's driving, whether it's on a plane, whether it's in line at the super
market, whether it's anywhere. Most people out of care, where they're from, in fact, to be
honest with you, they're talking about Europeans. When it comes to boarding planes, they are
probably the rudest people ever have ever seen anywhere. As soon as they see a little activity
when it gets close to boarding time, as soon as they see a little bit of activity at the
gate at the counter there by the gate, they start pushing and they start lining up and
they start shoving. And even if they're only boarding first class, and they're sitting
in row 88 way to hell in the back in cargo, makes no difference. They're up there pushing
in shoving. So long you idiot's out there that is sitting like on your, on your ass on
the, don't shove the goddamn seat all the way back. What the hell is the point? What is
this story? Do you want a goddamn recliner? How about bringing a cot on the goddamn plane,
sticking it in the aisle and just taking a nap? As opposed to shoving your seat in my face.
Okay, I feel much better getting that out of my system. Saw the Panther game last night
and it's entirety, which we lost two to one, but nevertheless, and I watch these games,
and then I hear people talking about them and I read the articles that appear in the
newspapers the next day and read the quotes from the so-called coaches and stuff. I don't
know what they're talking about. I thought last night was a reasonably entertaining game,
and no, it wasn't a bloodbath like the game here on Saturday against Buffalo, but nevertheless,
I thought that we're not for the fact that Hashek made several great saves including a couple
off-ray with the, uh, the Panthers could have won that game. I don't see anything wrong with
their performance last night. It was the one of the greatest of all time. No, but it was,
uh, they played well enough to win and quite frankly, I lose an only two to one in Buffalo
against the guy that, uh, gives up very few goals. What the hell was wrong with that? But
I'll tell you what is wrong. Here are the stories in the paper this morning. Panthers cannot
afford Pavellbury. See, this is the new deal. Oh, we can't afford the fill in the blanks.
They've been puffy Pavellbury. Anybody that wants a lot of money, we can't afford them.
Oh, it's picking up a lot of money. That asshole that called me about baseball, salary,
yesterday, the jackass that's been 36 grand for a car so we can get a radio to listen to my show.
There's time in, guys. Todd Staddle, my, he got eight million dollars here. Robin Ventura,
eight million dollars a year. These are not super stars.
Robin Ventura ain't no superstar. He's a good player. He's a good, uh,
good, uh, solid player. Is he a superstar? No. Eight million dollars a year.
The baseball people, uh, play on your house. I hope the bait you baseball people go out of
business, man. I hope all you owners. I hope you lose your ass.
I hope that the public finally says, uh, to you, okay? If I've made the basketball thing,
it'll be great for that because people suddenly realize they can survive without all those
big schwarzes jamming a ball. I'll slam a jam in the bucket. Maybe now they realize they can
get along with our baseball too. Somehow we could survive. Even Eddie Kaplan, I bet you some,
how if we get them on those cruise ships, I mean, that gambling is gutted out. We could probably
survive without baseball, even normal Kent might be able to survive, but I doubt it without baseball.
But what a deal here is, uh, general manager, BM says we can't afford, we don't have the money for,
uh, we were, we were not interested because we don't have the money in our, we don't can't pay
that salary. We don't have no eight million dollars a year. We don't want to give up all those
great players. They want like Robbie and Eddie and, uh, any of our younger guys. We don't want to
do that and have a real legitimate superstar on this team and really excite the fans when they
come out to see a performance. We like those coma games like that. One nothing Boston lost a lot
better. So once again, it's the same old Wayne business again. They just don't want to loosen
the first springs. They don't want to spend them on need to put a quality product out there for you.
And all the excuses and all the stories. It just goes on and on. But I still, I'll say,
I had again, I didn't think that was a terrible performance last night and with a little bit of luck
and without hashicks great saves. They were the one that came last night. So what tells everybody
belly again about you just you can't get an honest, honest, uh, analysis of any of this stuff,
an analization because they don't understand what they're looking at. I guess that must be the deal.
These guys that are writing about this stuff, they haven't got any idea what they're watching.
1026 at 560 WQA. If I'm going to suck on something, it's not going to be an oyster.
So I was in bed making with my wife playing cowboy, you know, when I get on top and make
believe she's a horse and I was spanking her and yelling and stuff and well, I got this electrical
writing lawnmower in the garage, you know, and it's plugged into the clapper and all of a sudden I go
giddy up or the and the clapper turns on and the lawnmower crashes to the garage.
This is a living room and we're over the dog in the cat.
And I kept on spanking my wife to try to turn it off but it kept on going.
Good thing I flushed a clapper with my pretty bank visa card because I culled up the pretty bank guy.
He runs over, hit my wife really hard. The clapper turns off and then he cleans the dog and the cat
off the carpet and the walls puts a bandage on the bruise and my wife's butt buys me a new cat
and a dog and a new clapper man. It was cool. Not just visa, pretty bank visa.
I owe silver away.
1031 at 5.60 WQAM. So this morning I come in and George had found where did you find these
on the floor somewhere, maybe the same place that most of my mail is sitting. You should have seen
that one letter I got to one from Luke Patcroft. That thing had been stepped on, peed on. I mean,
God only knows what they did. But it finally did show up in my box. Oh, it's gone guys over there
to post the law office. Where did you find these arbitron books in the back room over there on
the floor, on the floor in the pile of crap, on the floor in the pile of crap. I'll tell you
something folks, sometimes you find the most interesting stuff on the floor in a pile of crap.
And it just so happens that we had two arbitron books from a few years ago on the floor in a pile of
crap and here they are. Well, I have a bunch of these at home, but generally speaking, I throw
them out on the front. Summer of 1991 and fall of 1993. And so I thought I would look in Peru's back
in here to see how we're doing on this show now relative compared to back in those IOD days in the
fall of 1993 and a summer of 1991. What's that? A movie with Gary Grimes the summer of 1991?
Something like that. How's he doing by the way? Anybody seeing him lately? No. Since he tied that
cowbell, there was, he has never been the same again. So in any way, I look back in here.
And the amazing part, much to my astonishment and amazement, which I was very pleased about,
is that when it comes to living and breathing demographics, like, you know, men 25 54,
persons 25 54, 18 to 34 even, we're doing better now than we were back then. How do you like that?
Oh, it's gone. There you go. That's a miracle, especially on this station. But nevertheless,
one of the things I didn't notice, by the way, is that overall though, the station between like
Reniri and me and Rick and Suds back in those days, IOD was really kicking ass. So it's very easy
to sit back and knock a queer channel or knock packs and or anybody else and say they were the ones
that really destroyed WIOD. But I hate to break the news to you, especially since I know my good
friends Bob and Chirol are listening right now as I speak and I wish them the happy holidays, etc. Happy
Channuka. But the fact is that little Bobby Neil up there in those goi-am up in Atlanta, they're
the ones that destroyed WIOD. They really did. Because we had a pretty damn good tingle in there.
And if they would just to put their nose to the grindstone and got the CL department to really
get with it instead of pulling all those DVS deals behind the scenes with the program director.
You know I'm talking about George, you know, I think he does. But anyway, if they would have paid
more attention to business and really started getting with it sooner, I think we might have still,
you know, held on and kept things intact. But nevertheless, I'm looking at other things though
and I'm looking like it to 12 plus numbers which includes the entire universe, including people
over the age of 100. And I'm seeing how much higher. I mean dramatically higher the numbers were.
There were a couple of books I had like a seven share between 10 and 3 and 12 plus. A seven share
in 12 plus do you have any idea what kind of a number that is? So I'm now starting to look into
the arbitrage books and kind of breakdown by demographics and see where it is that we've lost.
Because obviously if we're doing better in younger demos, we must have had a lot more old people.
And I'm talking to that. I've made up my mind since sitting here and perusing all of this stuff
for about 20 minutes this morning. We want to make an overture. Because can you imagine if we could
get back to like a seven share in 12 plus? Can you imagine? I mean, granted in the intervening years,
there's been more and more of an ethnocizing of the eradio audience in this town as thousands and
millions and billions more of banana boat people come into this town who don't listen to no
speaking English and only have no chance at getting them. But nevertheless, the fact is our old people.
I mean, most of it, we don't have too many real old parts floating up onshore.
Do we? No. We're going to have a whole bunch of old people up there with walkers and all that
other stuff. So we have to extend the olive branch. We need to get out. What are you smirking about?
We need to find out what happened to all our old listeners and by old I mean older than I am.
That's right. Because now that I'm getting real old and I'm getting real close to being a
senior citizen in just a few years, if you're over 56, then you're old by my count. You're an old fart.
And those are the people we need to find out what we need to hear from them today.
That's right. You were right earlier when you said they died. You think our audience all died?
Is that what it might have been? All our old people. How about my good old K out here and see a one
thing? I'm going to say it again. The second week I'm on here in this town in 1976, Marches 76 on
WKAT on the cat. Or as Bob Allen used to say, we're in a Jewish station. We don't want to be in a
Jewish station, but anyway. I'll never forget those days. Bob Allen from a graduate of
Notre Dame used to stand in the sales office there playing basketball, the little toy basket. It was great.
Nice going, Bob. With that Jewish station, we don't want to be the Jewish station. Well,
then anyway, who the hell do we have? But a bunch of old Jews over there on KAC. Was anybody else
listening? No, so we had. So anyway, the second week I'm on here and I've told you this a million
times, but it just does me so good. It makes me feel great to think back to this. And some old
disgusting, decrepit, miserable fossil calls me and says, you're never going to make it in this
town. You'll never last to the end of the year. You'll be gone. And that's interesting. Though we
keep, we hear a lot of the same stuff now. Oh, yeah, after the end of the year, you'll be gone, right?
Like that old lady from the Christian coalition, who I'm sure is monitoring right now that miserable
bitch. Who's probably looking her wounds that they've gay rights thing passed in their county two
days ago. And over the November 5th election and over the fact that the Republicans keep to have on
and on and they still can't find nothing. Just searching in the broom closets under the bed everywhere
for something they'll bubble with and they still can't do it. But in any way, so this guy's telling me
that the second week that I'm on here, those real nice old miserable bastards that just took some
sadistic pleasure in calling it and just ripping you in ass for no particular reason at all. You
don't ever make it in those days. They'll be gone by then. And he this guy must have been at least 110. Now
that was 23 years ago, 22, yeah, 22 and a half years ago. And you know something I would guarantee you
that that guy right now is dead. Oh, all right. Let's hear it. All right. Is dead. He's the
maggots don't even look at that carcass anymore. That's how eaten and worn and disgusting and
rotted that thing is. That's right. Even the maggots and the fagots will go anywhere near that thing.
He's dead. He's pushing up there and guess what? I'm still here on the ear. How do you like that?
You're disgusting old dead fart. I hope that you can hear me in that box. I hope that you're in there
and you can hear my voice. Maybe they stuck a transistor radio inside there when they stuck his ass
in the ground and just kept it blaring and it automatically tunes whatever whatever time my mom
whatever station amount. It's set to automatically be on with what's his name. That's right. Just so that
I can hop this guy forever and ever for eternity. That's hell. This guy has gone to radio hell and
let's hear it. He said, you know, never last till the end of the year. Right. 23 years ago. And here
I am. I'm still here and I'm still going. Buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh,
and I got the living and breathing people out there. Everybody in this town with an IQ larger than
the goddamn thumbnail and many with an IQ smaller than whatever are listening. Every goddamn one of them.
But we need to reach out to the olive branch to the old people. Come on. Let's hear it today. Come on
all you old farts who pretend who lie. You don't want to go to hell because you lied a lot.
You want to go to heaven and say it's just there for eternity telling God that he's great. Oh God,
you're good. That whole business. All that's bull crap. That's what you want to do. It's more pleasant
up there. So the only way to do that is for you to come out of the closet today. Grab that phone
and call us and admit that you're listening to the show and that you love. Yeah, good. That's right.
All the old farts that those are the people we want to hear from. The ones who are still alive
are just barely hanging on. Maybe your last gas, your last breath you could call a show and say,
oh, and we'll be courted for posterity. We'll even put it on the best stuff, PAPES, for when George isn't here.
Now what's wrong with that? Come on. Let's hear it. I want all these lines filled up here with old people
today. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and pond 5, 60 on a mobile one line. If you're old, if you're older than
a thusla, if you've been listening to the show for 100 years, now is your obligation. Okay?
That we're calling on you to get your ass on the phone and come out of the closet. We know you're there.
I know you're there. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pond 5, 60 on a mobile one line. We need to go stop the
other end of our demographic. Young people, we got them up the ass. Okay. If I can say that,
we got a zillion living and breathing people. Thank God. But we got to make amends with the old people,
no matter how much I made of this bird's, them and said there are bunch of disgusting selfish
obnoxious, noisy, lousy farts in spite of that. Look at that. Where are they?
Where are they? Do you see any of them on the phone? No. I don't see them.
That mobile in Bokeh, that's probably a crank, but I don't see any like all these old people.
Come on. That's the problem. We need to get them back. Maybe if we did a few shows on social security,
maybe if we had some nutrition that's done, some doctors on the air. If we talked about the
notch, well, I'm telling you, it's hotter than a, which is asking here. I'll say that right now.
It is just boiling hotter than a witch's. Right. Oh, man, you could fry eggs on this counter.
During the break, I'll go crank it way down. 20 B4 11 at 560 WQM, your old fart station. We
want to get the old demographics back. Let's do it. Pizza lot. They like it. If you're young,
you're old and between them and care. Jeff Cohen will take your money in a matter of what you're
rate. And thank you. You can go in there and gum the food if you like. You'll still enjoy it.
That's right. He doesn't care because he'll still give you great delicious and tight and
food at affordable prices. Big, gigantic portion. Three different kinds of pizza, including that extra
spicy food. God's a pizza. And they got combination dinners with your favorite sauces. You pick out
not only what you want to eat, but the sauces that they leave a lot on them too. Chicken,
Veelec plant, stuffed chalice, lasagna, manacotti combinations. They got calzone, super subs,
chicken catchatory, strong bullies, traditional pasta favorites like tortellini, like the tortellini
with cheese sauce, unbelievable. Zedis spaghetti with meatballs are sausage. The menu is so big.
You'll have a tough time deciding. And the portions will be so big. You'll have a tough time
finishing at very reasonable prices all the time. They have expressed one specials. If you can't
make it over to the loft, just phone or fax your order in. They'll have it ready in no time.
Just call 9-5-4-9-1-6-88-80. The great, world-famous pizza loft in their brand new location in the
pizza loft Plaza. Where is that? I'm glad you asked. The 35-14 South University Drive between
Griffon and 5-95 right next door to Nova, right behind Pier 1 imports. Tons and tons of
people are waiting for you to pizza loft not the fastest, not the cheapest, just the best in the universe.
35 bad and she don't show. I was a creppant recording artist so far to Macondo with a new
smash album, Friends and Animals. So I can sit here and hold.
We're going to have a lot of fun. We're going to have some of them dinner rolls.
Driving to the restaurant the other day will be found on the coast of Brook to our way. So we
found across the street we walked across the road and I took it to my wife and it's
supposed to like a quote. Oh, Christ in Macondo. Catch the sword. Why the album before they
explain. Oh, you want my own wife? No, I'm at sea on my right. Why? They raise the price on
polygrap so I'm sorry I can't leave a tip. First there were new kids in the block. Now,
folks in Macondo. My time on my wife's past.
Now, folks in Macondo. Puzzle album, Friends and Animals and get your ticket for the first
live with any wickety bastard ticket outlets. Another Cuffin door presentation.
1046 at 560 WQM. Yeah, we got to get a whole new generation of old people down here so that
we can expand our demographics. If we're going to compete with all those ethnic stations,
by the way, I do have another piece of very distressing news for this morning.
Go to my public's last night after by the sawgrass. Tyson season beef strips which I'm just
jolting on dying for these. Perfect for the African's almost no carbs and delicious. I mean,
fantastic. Does my public's carry these? No, I look at the Tyson section in the frozen. They got
Tyson chicken strips. Are they nearly as good as I discovered? No, they're not because that's
all I had. I took one box of those. It okay. Are they in the same league? First of all, they got a
lot more carbs. They got three per serving instead of one. They're breading. No, they're not. No,
these are just no, just chicken as if it's with no breading. Oh, no. Oh, no. But all I found was
chicken. Breaded chicken, chicken strips, chicken, whatever, where goes with chicken, the droppings.
Yeah. But did I find any season beef strips there? Are my publics? No. Got them. I pissed off about
that. Here's a mobile and bokeh. Hello. Mobile and bokeh at a gas station. They have their
car to work. They have their car to open, right? Okay, put them back on hold. They've only
waited 22 minutes. Here's a dear field beach. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you? Okay. Two
things I've got a little story. First off, I know you like Casey and the sunshine band. They're on
the H1 tonight as far as an interview. I wouldn't watch that. He's going to tell everybody how much
drugs he did. Yeah, well, he's 80 years old and we already know that. He's all the far. But he's
he's old and yesterday is news. In fact, I'm surprised he hasn't called it. I'm asking for
old parts. Why has Mary Casey called it yet? That's right. He was telling everybody he had such a
heavy drug habit and he's just totally coming clean tonight on the VH one. Oh, I don't want to see
that. All right, listen to this. I have a great story. I work at a catering outfit and they had a
Jewish singles party. You never saw a bigger, bigger bunch of losers in your whole life. It was
hilarious. Yeah. And they're all they're all coming around the buffet and they're all I noticed
they're standing over one of the buffet trays, you know, the food and they keep sampling it and
they keep coming back and they're all talking around. So I go up there and look at it and it was
like a like a sour crowd type cabbage dish and they're like, boy, we never tasted anything like this.
I don't know what's in it and everything I go back and the chef is German and he had put in all this
minced ham and so it was definitely sour. So he put in all this minced ham and bacon and they're
not used to eating that so they just couldn't get over the flavor of it. So it was beautiful. So
they're all eating cam over there. Okay, whatever you say pal, okay, listen, I'll see you at the
big meeting this weekend. Okay, we're in the old people for Christ's sake. So we have one there on
the board that the George says we're in there. We're all you old parts. Don't tell me you're not there.
You'll tell you right now you're going to burn in a tell a turrets that'll be hot or held out
in there, man. Nobody to crank up the air conditioning like we just did here. If you don't come clean,
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line. We want to talk to a lot of old
people today. A lot of veteran listeners of this show. We know you're out there. All you assholes in
Helen Dale and Sunrise and Surfside in Tamarack. We know you're there. Step forward now and stop
playing as cat and mouse game with us. Okay. Here's an old fart lady in Halea. Hello. Good morning.
Yes. Yes, I am an old fart and I was one of your first listeners on WKAP. Are you serious?
I was born on the 6th of November and Rochester. Oh, also in Rochester. Oh,
all my I had four sons. They're all born in Rochester. Now where do you then board it? Strong
Memorial Hospital? No. Oh, Genesee. Oh, that's close enough. I wasn't strong Memorial one.
But me too. I joined your organization. G-A-S-T. Do you remember that?
Right. Gays and Straits together. Right. That I could about five minutes. That was interesting.
It was very short. Right. It was it was too short. That was the problem. They took a look
at it. They said it's too short. We don't want to join. I also wonder what happened to Craig?
Were they Craig is out on the beach. He's not working right now because they screwed him over
badly at the WYNZ or F-T-L, whatever it was. And he's got to work. Oh, yeah. But I always like Craig.
Right. And I know he was a fundee years. He's a great guy, but he's another victim of
soft Florida radio at the moment. Well, I am an old fart. I'm a veteran of World War II.
I'm a blonde who's go cold veterans, which is a women veterans organization. Right. I've been
there once. But I need to put water down. And I'm down here. It looks all of the cubits.
Oh, yeah. What do you want to go for? I've said this in English.
I've said this in English. And here's a 58. You can hire Leo.
No, don't let them drive you out. You've got to be the last. I haven't tried.
There's a state conference on. I'm on and maybe deleted. I have three sons that normally live with me.
Right. One's working in North Carolina in construction right now, but you'll be home.
Okay. We're all for you. Right. And we're not all dead. Okay. God bless you. We don't have a great day.
Bye. Happy holidays, etc. And so on. We have an open line. And day one in progress.
We're going to make some progress here today. It won't be easy. But now that they hear the first one,
some of the other ones will grudgingly come out of the closet. You'll see. You'll see. We'll get
some people over to death here today. We may have some people calling from the other side.
They're going to be so old. So maybe that guy will call. I was talking about you'll never make it
to the end of the year. Oh God. Is it? I'm telling you I get sexual excitement knowing that that guy is dead.
I get goosebumps just knowing that that man and probably has been dead for a very long time too, by the way.
We know where he is. Here's the mobile and bokeh. Hello. Yeah. Hi. New. How you doing today? Okay.
I enjoyed your story about the airplanes because I was out of town on business. Yesterday I just flew in and out.
And when I came home yesterday, after having somebody laying in my lap,
I got at my car to listen to Panthers game. I can say I haven't listened to many Panthers games.
Well, you're on the radio and I now know why. I think the sports writers probably
listen to the game on radio versus watching it because you can't have a clue what's going on.
No, no. Listen to this guy just how he does his mumble. He mumbles and bumbles. He tells you nothing.
I mean, you would never know in a million years if you never saw a hockey game and you listen on a radio
on this station, you never know there was anything exciting or interesting going on because all he does is mumble.
He just you hear sticks in the background. He checks your headphones and he's found a Bupa-Pine and all of a sudden he says
the Melanby line is going off. Well, I knew the Melanby line was going on because he mentioned to me
who's coming on you. Right. He gives a crap about who's going to go sit on the bench. Yeah. They are just
the absolute. They make the TV guys look like they know what the hell they're talking about. Well, rumor likes it a lot.
Yeah, how Betty does. Okay, pal. Have a great life. Okay. Well down to one call now on the board.
That's good. We had him all of it up there for a second and then they all vanished and went right away.
Well, maybe some of them expired. That's you when you start looking for old people. That's the problem.
You keep them out. Hold too long and oh, too late. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a mobile one line.
Here's Miami. Hello. Hello, Nia. Yes, sir. Have you ever flown airfronts?
I'm not flown airfonds. Okay. I took a flight to France by airfronts from here from
Miami International Airport. Yes, sir. And I have a quick start if you have the time. I got a lot of
time. I got you know, you and one of the call. I see if they're not going to talk again. It's going to be
like yesterday again. Yeah. Another bigathon today. I can already smell it. Well, as you know, the
flight to France was a pretty long flight about a half hours. I'm sorry about eating a half.
Kind of. We took nine. Actually, yeah, we took nine. Nine hours to get there. We had a night meal.
They they do serve a very good meal. Very beautiful. Sure. Very beautiful. Yeah. For four hours
after the flight, I've decided to get up and use the restroom. And one of the flight stories,
when in with me, no, no, actually, uh, in with you. I'm sorry. What do you mean she went in with you?
She went in with me into the restroom. Uh, we were kind of eyeing each other for. Oh, yeah. Here
we go. I want to. Okay. Thanks for the great story. Okay. I had a feeling it was one of those with
the stories. Okay. Daylines are wide open. 5 6 7 0 5 60 and pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
All our people in this audience who fly, they also hallucinate a lot. They must be dropping
acid on the plane because they'll find these hallucinations like that guy that called a couple
years ago. Remember we're telling us about how he got a job on a plane from some guy. And uh,
uh, huh. He kept going. Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, and that was during the phone call. Not just on the
plane. Uh, uh, uh, yeah. He had a lot of experience. I guess this guy, you know, I had a feeling the
minute I heard this, uh, uh, idiot. 5 6 7 0 5 60 and pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's
what Chris Moore says. Oh, you got to put the pocket in that to score some goals. That's pretty
profound. You got to get some offense to win the game. You got to stick it in there, right? You've
got all these great things. He blows. But we knew that. More on. Yeah. That's all. Okay. Thank you.
There's a profound observation for you that Chris Moore blows is if we didn't already know that
the worst in the world. I don't want to talk about Chris Moore. It's, uh, it's just pointless.
The man is not going to get any better. He's an abortion. He's, uh, hopeless.
Incapable of getting the job done. I say, let's get Gellie on here. Oh, I'm serious. Let's get
him on there. What Christine, the more do the pregame show or something or whatever he suited or
sit down comedy. But certainly not to play by play of the world's most exciting sport and sit
there in mumble and mumble and like that 600 go from Mark Messier, that famous call. Just look
at him. Yeah. All right. Great. Nice call there, Chris. Rimmer is just praying. They keep Chris
more after ever because it makes Rimmer sound like Joe Bowen by comparison. Nice going, Rimmer.
Yeah. That Grimmer last night. He really puts it up. Well, he was ripping a cramp out of Sean
Burke and some other ice going. Err, Rimmer, ripping a hell out of him for bowling at lead in New
York the night before. I think I butch. Rimmer up a little bit. Maybe stuck it around for another meal
pretty soon. 10 56 at 5 60 WQ. There's a gaggy stock. Okay. Okay.
Ab my
okay.
a little greed on talking to a wise guy fellow.
Said I went to bed with two girls at Bella Bishie Bella.
Turns out I was your mother and your youngest sister,
so I'm a
hey,
Bapangula.
Driving down the highway in my eye,
I luck with my honey.
Well, I saw a school cop after a walk.
Well, all the money.
So I blew the tires with my spit the wasn't gonna.
Hey,
Bapangula.
Bapangula, Bapangula, Bapangula, Bapangula.
That captain, no sir, he's the only family for me.
Bapangula, Bapangula, Bapangula.
Like a poor guy,
only in Jagati.
You will find a business very busy.
Down in Vegas and as far as we are sunny.
In New Jersey, it's not hard to find us.
In fact, they don't really seem to mind us.
Remember Jimmy Hopper, all the money that he's playing?
In the past, I never played it back.
We didn't see a cent.
Now he's working for the mental hands holding up some man.
Hey, Bapangula.
Bapangula, Bapangula, Bapangula.
Bapangula, Bapangula, Bapangula, Bapangula.
Bapangula, Bapangula, Bapangula.
Hey, Bapangula.
One of all three at five, 60 WQM,
Hank will be at the shoelace today, by the way,
from two to five, then five to six.
It's the Jimmy Johnson show with Hank.
And then six o'clock, we got the Booster, eight o'clock tonight.
We got a real, real crappy Thursday night football game.
It's the Eagles in San Luis's, that what is the Rand, oh, God.
Woo, you can smell it.
Oh, speaking of you can smell it from here,
speaking of airplane stories.
So on that very same flight, by the way,
coming from Dallas, De Fort Lauderdale,
on the way back from Vegas.
So, or sitting there, minding your own business,
it's about, let's say, two turns of the way back
from on the flight.
And all of a sudden, well, first, there's a kid about,
that's a ten-year-old kid, he goes and uses the turlid up there.
And by the way, he was not sitting in first class.
There's one of the few things that really just
drives me nuts on a plane, not too many, but that's one.
Is when somebody who's one of the peons from coach
goes up there and uses the first class turlid,
now on a good airline, the stewardess will say,
I don't care if you do it on a cartback there in coach,
but you're not going to use our turlid up here in first class.
But anyway, so this kid, I only had to go real bad,
goes up there and he uses the turlid.
Now he goes out and he goes back to where he's sitting, okay?
All of a sudden, a little while later,
like about 30 seconds later, you start smelling this grotesque
aroma in the ear, and I look at John, he looks at me,
and I'm looking around and thinking,
I'm assuming this asshole in front of me,
who's got a seat back in my face, by the way,
is having a little gastric distress
since we already ate that crappy, delta food.
I'm assuming that just maybe he's having
a little bit of a problem.
But now, as time is going by, the aroma is getting
just, I mean, unbelievable.
You think that somebody dropped a load in the aisle?
And John says, guess what?
The kid didn't shut the door, because he can see,
he's sitting on the aisle.
The kid didn't shut the door.
And also, I'm not known what that little handle was there,
called a flush thing on a toilet,
which is a little bit different from the one at home,
from the porcelain bus, but,
ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
You mean, because it's not so good at playing.
I mean, it was just, so John gets up and goes and closes the door.
And all of a sudden, the aroma went away.
What a concept, huh?
Now, I can't imagine who the next person was.
They must have had to go in there,
and use the facility, but, oh my God.
Tink your little kids that have got to do a number
on a plane, that there's like a little handle on there.
They may have to look around, depending on a plane,
but there's this on there.
And you press it and flip it,
it just sucks everything out of there like magic.
And it really does.
Those things are powerful, man.
In fact, don't let your little kids,
in fact, I'll tell you, I think I may take tiny
on the next plate.
How can you imagine him falling into bowl?
Yeah, that's an idea.
Here's a mobile in Hollywood.
Hello.
Mobile in Hollywood.
Yeah, hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
This is a, I'm driving to Hollywood right now.
I still live in Miami.
This is a circumcised Julio.
Uh, first time call it very long time,
I'm listening.
Yes, I even know when cashmen is,
and who even would be played with.
Yeah, that's another story.
Why don't we go back into that?
Yeah, no, no, no, no, no.
I still don't know who Brian Cashman is,
and I don't want to know.
No, no, no, no.
I about three weeks or so ago,
you mentioned the possibility of
micronary coming through your station.
Yeah, he's going to be doing mornings,
I think, starting the first of the year,
like I'm January 2nd right after the holidays are over.
Oh, cool.
Yeah, okay.
Hey, because I was just wondering,
and he had disappeared after that.
Well, those were the good days, weren't they?
Well, I'm sure you remember those days
when we had Raniri in the morning,
and I was doing mid days,
Rick and Suds in the afternoon,
and we had a helicopter.
And I was, I was pretty good,
I was going to follow through, though I know.
Right.
Now, I've had different signals together.
But I think that though Raniri in the morning,
me and Midday, Hank in the afternoon,
they'll be like reunion, they're like old times.
Yeah.
That was good.
I just was wondering where that Raniri was.
January 2nd.
Okay, he'll thanks.
Okay, I have a great day, pal.
We have an open line,
and date one and Broward, 56670560,
pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in North Miami Beach, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Like, you know how Hank does his show out
at the shoelaces and the sporting bris.
I think Raniri is going to be doing the show
from Slamies most days of the week.
Yes, sir.
Let me ask you a question.
Can you say what I tell you?
Stayed out in Vegas?
Do I want to say what?
OGM.
I always stay at the NGM.
Okay, you didn't try the new blasio.
I went in there and I looked around.
You don't have to stay in a, you can't stay
and more than one casino at a time.
I don't think.
But I checked of a large yacht.
And to me it was bitterly disappointing.
I mean, it was new.
And the lake in front is pretty impressive.
If you like watching water,
you're going to be able to fish up in the air
and listening to music.
But it's generic.
I had just, for all the fuss they made about the blasio,
I thought it was going to be just unbelievable.
And it's nothing special.
It's just another big casino.
Okay, I have to bet something.
And I think they want to use sponsors.
But I got to tell you, I went through, uh,
I'm going to, if, sir, if you're going to knock
one of my sponsors, it's going to be a real short
and cold, you know what I'm saying?
Well, yeah, like I said, yeah.
Okay, we have an open line of date.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 10, you know,
you see, you don't have to because if you want to call us
off the air or write me a letter,
you had a problem with a sponsor.
I always do look into that.
But as far as on the air, the answer is,
no, of course not.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
Tom 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile import lottery.
Hello, Neil, how you doing?
Okay.
Listen, for the last three years or so,
or we heard was once we get into arena,
you can have a lot of money to spend.
Yeah, it's good to go out and get all these free eights.
No, no, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait,
they never said that.
They never told you.
I kept here in the last couple of years.
Any time they had a general manager.
Who did anybody, anybody they said once the Dewey Reena's off?
No, no, they did not.
In fact, the last time that discussion took place
with anybody from the organization was that very ugly morning
when Bill Torrey was on, when Mr.
both time was on with Alba the morning crew here.
And Joe Rosantum about that.
And he got all tested.
Oh, we got a mortgage to pay it.
We got about eight, about about any given million excuses.
Why they're not going to pay now.
I will say this in all fairness.
Their payroll is up five million this season from last year,
because I saw in the hockey news.
What does it take if they have a new arena?
It's a place that's full.
But what is it?
It's going to go away.
When you've got a man who's interested in selling the team,
he doesn't care what kind of product he puts out there.
He wants to squeeze as much money out of that arena as possible.
I mean, when somebody else builds you a facility,
builds you a facility, and lets you go in there
and take out most of the profits.
I mean, that's what you're going to do
unless you really have a commitment to the community.
And last year with the Marlon,
you saw what kind of commitment he's got to the community.
None.
He got into this sports thing
thinking he was going to make a fortune.
He was going to be a hero.
And not all of a sudden, he discovered it wasn't quite so easy.
And he discovered that the public turned on him like a rat
because he had a crappy attitude
and didn't care about the fans.
And now he's like a spoiled child.
He's running and wants to squeeze whatever he can get out of it.
They just...
I mean, for an organization to come out in the media
and say, we're not interested in Pavel Brewery
because we just don't want to give up enough
and we don't want to pay the money to sign him.
I mean, that's pathetic.
So then what did it take to really get to?
But it just looked like new ownership?
No, you're a new owner.
That's right.
New owner and new man.
That's correct.
Let's say a prayer.
Okay, let's say a prayer for Baldi.
Now that we got John Henry,
we got the Marlon deal straight.
Now let's find somebody to buy the Panthers today
like right now before midnight.
Two open lines in Date County, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5.
Are we here for many old parts?
No.
You open that one lady.
That was it.
That's all I've got left.
That's all I have left.
Is one nice little lady there in the Hylia.
And that's the only old part I've got left.
No wonder.
We do greatly younger demographics,
the older demographics we do like that little kid did on the plane.
It's a big smelly mess is what we got with the older folks.
And I can't imagine why I've always been so nice to them.
I always talk about the great contribution they've made to South Florida.
Right?
Haven't I always done that?
About how I only wish and pray that I could grow up someday to be like our senior citizen.
And I could come my food and squeeze my bag a lot in public.
Public.
Ten and a staff to eleven at 560 WQN.
And so did away from the ball mother.
While spending the remainder of your golden years in the land of death.
The one thing you have to depend on is your car with two canoe theft on the rise.
The people who brought you a big black guy named Ben Car alarm.
Now bring you an old Jewish guy named Isis.
Get away from my portfolio.
You big MF.
Remember when we used to post a packet carabee and we ought to get a bundle of fish made.
That's why it was a cooler.
Get away from my automobile.
You big MF.
What the hell was that?
I object seriously.
I object seriously.
I object seriously.
Get away from my automobile.
You big MF.
Get away from my automobile.
You big MF.
Whenever some past tries to steal my car.
I feel safe and with an old Jewish car named Isis.
Get away from my automobile.
You big MF.
Get your old Jewish guy named Isis and Car alarm now.
And receive a free flower antenna.
Get away from my automobile.
You big MF.
And hold Jewish guy named Isis and Car alarm.
I will bailable it all there is storage.
Now Bob Green, I want to tell you something.
You're all a bunch of sentiment bitches.
I can tell you what you said.
What are they?
I mean, it is old kite on the phone.
You can tell me that you're a kite on the phone.
I'm not a f***er.
Excuse you.
Excuse your language now.
That's true.
Use your language.
11.16 and 5.60 WDQM.
What can we do to get the old parts back?
Don't we want them back on their shelf?
No.
Yes.
Of course I do.
No.
Here's a lady in Aventura.
Hello.
Hello?
Yes, ma'am.
I have a request.
Please play the bagpipes for me.
Would I please?
You sound desperate.
Oh, no.
Well, the way you said it.
This is my favorite.
Okay.
Thank you.
Okay, see you.
She wants the bagpipes on.
I'm going to play it.
Oh, it's Ian.
We have it open line at day one in Broward.
We heard from one old lady today.
We want real old.
We want 90.
We want 95.
We want 100.
Do I hear 110?
Come on.
Let's go.
You're out there.
Get somebody to dial the phone for you.
Okay.
567, put your denses back in your purse or not.
It's the case, maybe.
We don't care.
567, 05, 60 and 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Am I going to that's the problem?
I'm going to fast with those numbers.
The old people don't know the number on this station.
Plus, we don't even have the same numbers the rest of the station.
567, 05, 60.
That's 05, 60.
Right.
And if you're on a mobile, you better get off the road.
If you want those old people we're talking about, can you imagine old people?
People with mobile phones.
Oh my God.
Here's the mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello?
Hey, Daniel.
Okay, sir.
All right.
Brian Murray doesn't drink pop-up or he drinks from 8 million, but he has to pick up Victor
Kuzloff and he hasn't done anything.
Yeah.
He's been very bitterly disappointing.
Victor Kuzloff to me, he makes all these great moves and he's got all kinds of ability,
but it's always close, but no cigar.
Nothing ever happened.
He doesn't finish.
He doesn't finish.
He makes a lot of promising moves and he's big and strong.
And nothing ever happens.
I mean, I don't think San Jose would have gotten rid of him if they thought he was great.
Well, they got rid of Ray Whitney.
That's true.
I mean, at the time, I thought it was a good deal getting Kuzloff and maybe he'll still
hopefully turn into something.
I'm not knocking Murray for the good deals, he made.
I think Kuzloff was a good deal.
But you've got to have at least every team in the league, even the crappy teams, have got
a star player.
Do we have one star on his team?
No.
No, you can't.
You can't make it without that.
Well, he doesn't seem to want to ever give up anything to catch them.
Right.
You're now you hit it on the head.
This is the Brian Marie philosophy.
I want something for nothing.
And just like the pot band deal, I felt through Felix Potman, the idea that the lease would
have taken the robbie need him or I guarantee they're kissing the ground now, especially
after having won again last night and having 30 points and leading the whole conference right
out.
In fact, they're tied with Phoenix for the league lead.
And yes, they played a lot of games, but they're still playing great.
They got 30 points.
They would be killing themselves if they got robbie need him or the other thing Marie
said was that they're not that close to winning the stand and cut.
Well, I got news for him that they picked up Burrey.
How far they from teams like Washington, if they had Pavel, Burrey and a real gold tender,
we'd be a real contender.
I'll tell you that right now.
I agree with you.
Even with our poorest defense, we'd still be a contender.
Because the only teams that you got Dallas and Detroit and then there's everyone else.
All right.
No, thanks.
And Jersey, Jersey's playing great.
Broder friend of God is actually together.
Well, we don't want to get too hockey intensive doing that.
Half an yesterday and boy, oh boy, two calls back to back.
And these people ran out of here like there was a goddamn bomb scare.
Where we going?
Let's do a only one old fart today.
I'm extending the olive branch.
I know they're listening.
It's not like they're not listening.
I know we got a lot of people out there who are like lying there and reaching for their
walker trying to get to the phone.
Please.
Open line and Broward 5 6 7 0 5 60 and pound 5 60 on the AT&T liners.
A mobile and Palm Beach.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
My name is Mike.
I want to tell you a little playing story.
Yes, Mike.
I'm flying out of Newark and I'm falling asleep on the plane.
And about 20 minutes into the flight, I hit this loud banging noise.
About two minutes.
That's the pilot comes on and says we had a minor problem with one of the engines and
we need to go back to Newark.
Yeah.
So I put my head to the window because I want to see which engine we had the problem with.
And they turn on the landing gear lights and the lights flash the clouds and burst back
into my eyes and I yelled, the S in plane is on fire.
And the whole plane went into a panic.
The air things came out.
The oxygen things came out.
Finally, they strained it all out.
The soldiers came over and closed the current army.
And when I got off the plane, they wanted to arrest me.
Yeah.
I want to go on the plane.
I'm causing a panic on the plane.
And then another time we were going through the airport with a friend of mine and he's
taking the bag through the car.
And he tells the guy is a thing.
Be careful with my bag.
You don't want it to explode on you.
They held him for 72 hours.
Excellent.
OK, give it a try.
I go in the first day.
OK, all your future flights, Mike, I'll be sure to avoid them.
OK, there you go.
Real wise guy.
You know, it's like, you know, when they asked you, is anybody giving you anything
that wasn't yours or when you packed?
You say, well, nothing beside the drugs.
No, you know, that's always a good way to get detained.
Like it customs when you come back from Toronto.
Always makes some joke about it or ams to them.
Makes some joke about drugs.
You'll be there for an extra few days.
We have an open line in Broward 2 and Dayed, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, and pound 5, 60 on the 18th.
I must be the only one who travels who has people stick their seat back in my face and
doesn't like it.
Maybe these people like having their seat stuck in the, and some of you people are listening
right now.
Probably are people who do do that.
They do do it.
That's right.
And it's like, why does a dog lick it himself?
You know, look at scrub because he can.
And this is why they put their seat all the way back because they can.
They couldn't give a crap less about the poor bastard sitting behind them, who's not
got a quarter of an inch space.
And then, of course, if you do have to get up and go take a leak or something and they
got their seat all the way back, then you have to do, you know, callously have to be
an acrobat.
That's right.
Like Peter Sellers and the Turlittinette movie on the plane.
You have to be a goddamn acrobat.
You have to do the limbo.
Red limbo rock.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Yeah, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
All right.
I have a few questions.
Some about planes only.
Sorry, that's a few questions.
All right.
My parents are from Amsterdam.
My little Dutch four year two of need be.
I've been there.
Welcome home.
I was 18.
I'm 24 now.
I want to go to what's the key.
What would be the cheapest time to go and get a good first class ticket cheap?
Not really any time.
A first class ticket to where?
Amsterdam.
What time of year?
I don't know.
If you go on Martin Air, the, the fairs are the same long year long.
There's no change in the fairs.
There's no bargain rates in first class, but Martin Air is like, is like about a third
or less of what you'd, there you go.
He's a six.
This guy wants to go to Amsterdam first class for 600 bucks.
I thought he was talking about six grand.
Try growing on British Air, sir.
It'll be six grand.
Thank you for the stop and London, no less than that constipated heat to wear port.
Oh, yeah, for some reason, all these airline, all of China, Air France, British Air, British
Scare, Swiss Air, they jacked their business class rates way the hell up here recently.
So who the hell needs that?
Look at that phone bank now, baby.
Are we smoking here today or what?
What's going on here these last two days?
We actually had this thing down to us times for a few weeks.
We actually were getting a little response here, a little action.
Now it's like the same old crap again.
I got one call left in the board here.
I just had five or six last time I looked.
Now, all of a sudden they're all gone.
You think somebody's posking around with our phone thing again here?
Good V.
Unless we got a bunch of psychics on the photo, all like, okay, altogether on account
of two, we'll all hang a one to there we go.
Five six seven, oh five 60 and five five 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's our last call of the day.
It's a mobile in Boca.
Okay, hello.
Hi, Dale.
I'm a believable list place.
God.
Well, I'm a good guy.
Good.
Excellent.
I've been down here since 74.
I've listened to all the time.
You're a spring chicken in this town, sir.
You're hardly going to this place.
You're a teen.
I feel great.
I'm still working as a matter of fact.
Call them and trade right now.
You're super.
I enjoy listening.
I am.
And I, well, almost.
And I'll tell all my old friends to listen.
Tell your old parts to get with it.
I'm with you.
Okay, have a great life.
There you go.
We got two old parts.
We're making some progress.
We don't have much of anybody else.
Okay, any interest here today?
Anybody?
No.
Okay, we've only raised like 72,000 different things from our art bark to God, damn zebra
in there and everything in between.
And they still got nothing to say.
I'm telling you, man, I just can't, I cannot condition.
I cannot acclimate myself even after all these 400 years that I've been here.
To a place where the law of diminishing return every year, these people have less than,
less than, less to say about anything.
And even when you listen to the sports shows, for example, I listen to Hank.
I wish Hank would just do his interviews, which he does great like the one with John Henry
two days ago, do the interviews and talk, you know, and then forget about the God, damn
callers.
Oh, wow.
What do you think about that eight and a half spread on that Baltimore game?
Oh, I'm getting out of here already with that crap.
Will you people get out of here?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 all the day lines are open, one and brown, at 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound, 5, 60 on a AT&T wireless line as the beat goes on.
You can't hear it.
You can't see it.
You can smell it and you can't feel it.
It's the South Florida beat.
11, 25, a QAM.
I'm going to get you there.
I'm going to get you there.
It's great.
Hi there, boys and girls.
Today, we have a very extra special thing to start and buy.
I've shown us all about something special.
I'm going to have to do it right now.
Come on in and fight me.
Are you ready?
Hey, brought by something I wanted to show you.
I wonder where it is.
It looks like a...
It's my back boy.
Hey.
What can I touch it?
Sure, go ahead.
Run your hands.
Hey, like a velvet.
What's this right here?
That is my blowpipe.
What do you do with the blowpipe?
You blow it, lad.
You blow it.
Hey, you put your mouth around it and your blow.
Okay, try to do that.
Hey, would you like to blow my pipe, lad?
Oh, can I?
Sure, go ahead.
Okay.
Come on lad.
You got to put your mouth around it lad.
Don't be afraid. It's not going to break.
Like this?
Hey, that's a boy.
Stick it all the way down your throat.
Hey, I think you do it right.
What's this over here?
That's mit Shander.
What do I do with her?
What do you do with that lad?
That is you put your both hands on it.
You cover the hole and you run your hands up and down the shaft real quick.
Hey, run your hands up and down it there.
Now what you want to do laddy?
Is you want to blow on the pipe?
You want to squeeze the bag nice and gentle.
And then you want to run your hands up into the shaft real quick.
Okay.
All together all at the same time.
Okay, here we go.
Oh, good laddy.
Hey, that's good lad.
Sure.
Hey, that's good laddy.
Keep moving.
No harder ladders.
Harder.
Squeeze the bag.
Squeeze more.
Let's run your hands up and down the shaft.
Fix the batter.
Run your hands up and down the shaft.
Keep moving.
Move.
Move.
Move.
Move.
Move.
Move.
Move.
Move.
Move.
Move.
Move.
Move.
Move.
Move.
Scroll.
Let me a Roger's Perifinate.
Can I say QAM Perifinate?
Like a bumper sticker?
Yeah, right.
OK, data lines are dead open, 5.6705, 60,
pound 5.6, the honor, AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Yes, good morning, Neil.
I got no material that's called in the P-House going.
And, uh, OK, thank you.
OK, we have an open line in BRK.
Can you believe that?
To see how it's going?
Sure, I think you just answered your own question.
That's how it's going.
When you, sir, are how it's going?
He's got no material.
Is that the definitive software to call?
Yeah.
I mean, that's, that's just, he just has nothing to say,
but he called in to see how things are going.
That's like people are calling, say, you've
had 10 people across the annual, how you doing?
Great.
And they call it, hey, Neil, how you doing?
Still great.
How about if they call it the annual,
how you doing?
I'd say, I feel like crap.
There you go.
Maybe that little variety might do him pretty good.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 pound, 5, 60 on the AT and T wireless line.
Boy, boy, boy, I am just loaded with it.
In fact, if I could just find my goddamn season, the,
uh, beef strips from Tyson, I'd feel like I was on top of the world.
Like I had the tiger by the balls.
And then you come in here and you sit down.
You got 455 different things.
Whatever the hell these bastards have got on their minds.
Here's a guy with no material.
You must have something, sir.
There must be something that you want to say.
Is there anything in the world that you would like to comment on?
No.
Is there anything you have an opinion on?
No.
Is there anything going on in your life in this town on the planet, on TV, on radio,
in your ads, anywhere?
That's just amazing.
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I got something to say.
Yeah.
Hey, man, I'm listening and you're ragging on all the people and everything.
So negative.
Maybe it's you, Neil.
Yeah, maybe it's me.
Then how come you're listening, sir?
Because you're in town, man.
Yeah, okay, great.
I'm glad I'm entertaining, sir.
Maybe it must be me.
I'm a bad guy.
Now, I'm a bad guy.
They're all listening out there, but I'm a bad guy.
Right.
How about it's you that you've got nothing to say?
You also had nothing to say.
Attacking me, any asshole can do that.
Attack whoever's on here.
That takes a lot of talent.
It must be me.
I must be a bad guy.
I'm an asshole.
I'm a sour person.
I'm an old fart.
I'm too negative.
That's right.
I'm the only goddamn thing you've gotten your life between 10 and 2 every day, sir.
And don't ever forget it.
Okay?
Don't you ever forget it.
Maybe it's you.
That's just another excuse for the fact that this guy's nothing to say.
That's all.
Every call that comes in like that.
It's just another car.
It's just another way of saying, hey, guess what?
Like the guy before I got no material.
So you're an asshole.
Thank you, sir.
And back at you.
Dave County 5 6705 60.5 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
You know, a couple of weeks ago, I'm a good guy, but today I'm a bad guy.
I'm an asshole because I'm talking about people who are inconsiderate and stick their
goddamn seat back in your face on a goddamn airplane or kids who go up and do a plane
and leave the goddamn door open and don't bother flushing.
Little things like that.
See, I like I told you off the internet break.
I don't think most of these people ever go anywhere.
Most of the people in this town, I think, are like here stuck here.
12 months of year 365 days a year.
Round of clock.
I'm so pissed.
I'm so pissed.
I'm so pissed.
And so as a result, when I start, you know, trying to have a conversation about any
of these things about traveling or going anywhere or experiences, they got nothing to say
because they don't ever do any of these things.
They're here for the duration.
Line checking.
Okay, let's go to a mobile in hypoluxo.
Hello.
Mobile in hypoluxo.
Going once.
Going twice.
Dead as a door nail.
Here's a mobile in Pompo-no.
Hello.
Hey.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I have a magic question.
What you hadn't feel about with going out with the Browse County Sheriff's office or the
bus in the casinos because it's not gambling.
Sir, I've been talking about that for two days.
Have you been listening to this program?
Obviously not.
Okay.
We have an open-line in Browse and all three in days.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8.
You guys call it a little delayed reaction.
I've been talking about that for two days.
Bobby, Butterworth and Ken Jenny.
Does anybody care about that?
No.
No.
And I talked about Fred Grimm's column in a heraldous morning.
Did anybody read it?
No.
And about the fact that the state's got no regulation and therefore they rip off people
and do whatever they want.
But instead of having some regulation, the better way to do it to solve the problem is
to grant them a front of the media and stage another orchestrated raid and rip all the
goddamn slot machines off the grid.
I can see you know and screw up all those people's lives who paid money to go on that ship.
Like everything else, I talked about that till I'm pulling the face for two days, sir.
Nobody here cares.
Nobody's got anything to say about that.
And probably because I'm a bad guy.
566705 60.560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello. Hey Neil how you doing? Okay sir. Yes sir you're talking about the
Marlins. I agree with you. The film is over in the stadium. We shouldn't have to
build one but don't you you don't you also said that if it was built in a
downtown area it wouldn't help it wouldn't bring more fans. I think it would.
I mean I've been in some cities where the downtown area is a stadium and it
just seems like it's so much better. You mean like St. Louis? Like Colorado?
You mean Denver? Yeah. Yeah. Have you ever been in downtown Denver? Yeah.
And it's nice yeah. And it's comparable to downtown Miami? Well I think along
with the stadium you got to bring new restaurants and new entertainment of course
but now let me ask you when they built Miami or Reena down there in the middle of
the world downtown were there new restaurants and new entertainment and the
new attractions that they clean up downtown Miami when they built the arena
there? No they they've actually didn't and that's not I think they blew it. See
this is just another you're getting sucked into another piece of propaganda about
downtown the Harold keeps peddling it because they want the value of Harold one
Harold plans to keep going up. This is all bull crap people in this town do not
want to go downtown Miami. Now let me just point out to you the Macarena up there
in sunrise right that we're doing 18 19 thousand people of game which
capacity is 19 five or something we're practically filling up every game even
though not playing all that well the reason being that's a safe place people
enjoy it's easy to get there it's right off five seventy five it's right easy to
get for anybody in Broward it's accessible it's safe it's clean that's where
people want to go people don't want to go to downtown Miami they've made that
very abundantly clear and you know if Dave Hyde or somebody thinks they're gonna
have an H bomb and totally redo all of downtown it's not gonna happen this is
a mess. I mean let's bomb a couple years five years ago you wouldn't even think
about walking downtown yeah we did that place could I do something like that in
Miami no no where they're gonna get the money to do that in a backup city
where we're gonna get the money we're gonna like steal it somewhere and we'll
not think things anyway so they don't know the point is why do we need a new stadium
for what's the point okay pal have a great day so on the one hand he's
arguably that we ought to have a new stadium downtown but let's get rid of
the team because it's a waste if we had a good team then let's build a new
stadium downtown we have an open line in day five see these people are so easy
so easily manipulated by the media and just like Hank said a couple of days ago
about this all-star game thing it's absolutely nothing more than a charade now
let's blackmail let's put the big squeeze on let's use this as an excuse to
blackmail a people in that town to squeeze more tax dollars we'll find some way
to do it oh if you want to be big league if you want to have the all-star game if
you want to play with a big boys you better build a system and I can all
words that where are those numbers again here we go from last night where the
other one have it I got it here somewhere from the goddamn hockey games here we
are now let's see in Buffalo they had that nice new arena they got that 4,000 empty
seats Carolina here we go and I realized they're only playing in Greensboro
temporarily but nevertheless they're playing there 5,564 people as the
audience attendants they probably I saw a couple of minutes of that game Carolina
Montreal maybe they had 2,000 people in there well let's just keep building more
and more and more facilities Rangers and the Islanders sold out on the pond
and you want to know why the Islanders sold out because most of them were
Ranger fans that's why I bet you there were 10,000 Ranger fans on the Island
last night rooting against the Islanders 20 till noon at 5.60 WQM
there's nothing like the smell of fine paint on a lazy Saturday afternoon to
get high on that's right sniffing paint is a great way to unwind in the weekend
forget I'll be chemically engineered neuro stimulant those crazy self-American
drug lords are designing this is the real thing I have this is little boy in the
paint by I've been a lot not money not much but I have to stay away girlfriend
girlfriend least a paint day forever when you want to kick back relax and fry your
brain to big and bits pick up a good old gallon of wall paint I need to be
myself
available
didn't mean ppg it's 14 before noon at 5.60 WQM we have two open lines in day 5.6.7.5.60
pound 5.60 on the AT&T wireless line
we asked we are begged for old parts we've had two that's like one hour maybe
we'll have four by the end of the day think we can do four no three no
here's a mobile in Hollywood hello
hey yeah yes sir glad you having a great day two quick things I haven't a great day oh
sure hey we're here you know we're not totally dead anyway on the taste a lot of
somebody old ones available are what some of the old tapes or CDs available from
oh yeah two three years ago yeah that's a man okay this stadium issue is dead you
know just like basketball dead baseball dead you know I say ruined it with the
strikes whatever they need to do is if they want them they should be up north
like the hockey arena like you say people go to the hockey arena because it's
daybroward Monroe Palm Beach County people can get through it it's right off
and because it's safe and it's in a good neighborhood you don't have to fear for
your life you don't have to look over your shoulder you know parking down in my
army was like horrendous last but not least you talk about new balance and I'm
rather one of your sponsors yeah and I'll tell you the best I win for work all day I
get the black ones you know the black shoes yeah they brought me a pair of black
walking shoes men are dynamite let me tell you I've been I've been worn them for years
they're the best I mean better than the SAS which I used to use yeah you know anyway thanks
lot you have a good holiday okay and back to you okay we have an open line in
power if you move quickly one and date five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T
wireless line if you move quickly can you move quickly oh I don't think so I love it all
far it must be you knew you're so negative well then why are you listening because you're at
jackass great well if I were to jackass you would have anything to do between ten and two
every day so I'll kiss the ground pal kiss your radio puts your lips right on the radio right
on my back go kiss away sweetheart god here's a mobile in four Myers hello hello Neil yes sir
first time caller hey you know I don't know if you've heard we have a junior little league semi-pro hockey team
over here now yeah I've heard and it's a very nice building and facility but they have a
larger you can't cheer too loud at the game right well that's good probably effective we get the
noise level down here would be you know you have to worry about our fans cheering too loud because
they're not paying too much attention they have a policy if you leave your seat but cheer the
sheriff's department just involved yeah sure great so enjoy yourself okay have a rate life pal whatever
there's nothing to say okay we have an open line in power all three and date five six seven oh five
sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line there's KJ just brought the Gunnzen
here look at that isn't that beautiful looks just like Bokeh Brian oh I'm sorry shouldn't have said
that I get like I said looks just like KJ doesn't it looks just like no it looks like Bokeh Brian
okay yeah huh a lot more hair than Bokeh already yeah okay five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line we need two more people over the age of a hundred okay
do we have any takers out there come on let's get with you can do it I'm telling you you can do it
gum the rest of your breakfast and put that stuff down go over to the phone please we're calling
on you we're depending on you here's a mobile and Hollywood hello hello Neil yes sir I'm sorry
that I'm not 80 but I'm working on it uh-huh me too I saw you on whammy yeah I thought sir you are one
ugly son of a bitch yeah and you can you put people down and look like that the one that you're
gay woman wouldn't touch you yeah and how about you what do you look like oh better than you know
you probably look like what that kid left you playing that department yeah okay thank you sir
and have a great holiday okay brings out the best I always told you that brings out the best
in the audience holiday that you can smell it in the air can't you the holiday spirit
open line and see I've said before Larry King he's on TV making millions and millions is
very beautiful he is beautiful baby all those people on TV they're lovely five six seven oh five
sixty Rosio Donald she's beautiful all right there you go Rosanne lovely all the people on TV they're
all beautiful that's why people tune in five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T
wireless line here's a mobile and Hollywood hello and Neil yes sir what what is that I have no
Hollywood's a hot hot city right now I mean you what I want to call you about that steady even
downtown Miami yeah I want to go to a baseball game a downtown Miami with a police escort yeah even
in a daytime it's a dangerous place and what about that article about libertar today whether
great article you wrote about what I didn't I don't read his column or did I see it about one
John John John to be John to the marino okay okay thank you call up one of the sports shows and
talk about that okay did he say that what did Sky just said uh-huh how would a swan I heard him say
that open line a day two and broiled five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty on the AT&T
wireless line here's a mobile in bokeh hello Neil first time how you doing great I'm you want all
the old parts they're they're on the emission testing line with me right now yeah yeah I got a
question for you why if we are ordered to come to get our emissions done why are we paying ten bucks
to do it you know the government basically says hey you got to do the fundraiser it's an easy way
for the government to raise money just like writing a traffic like speeding tickets all right we
got to write a check for a certain amount of money to the tax collector but hey why you're here give
us ten bucks so you can stick a hose up your you know up your back don't that's right that's what
it's all about it's strictly a rare ten dollar repalms and by the way nine percent you want to
drive it'll cost you ten bucks we don't care if your tires are bald if your headlights work you
notice they don't check anything else all they want to see is stick that thing deep inside your
rectum and then give us the ten bucks please and rest the hundred year olds are the ones working
the emission station that's why it takes forever to get through it I've been year half an hour wait
hey listen I'll buy me I got a great bunch of people out there I'm not going to say where it is
over their off commercial bullivariate whatever but they're all under the age of a hundred they know
me they're great and they use it right through there yeah that's a big amount down my army uh-90
percent of season ticket holders for the myelin's living bowler palm beach counties yeah why make it
worse for people but did this scam has been good ever since I've been here when they started talking
about the orange bull being old and the lapidated which it was and they started talking about building
a new stadium oh my god the fewer that went up from a race parade and all the other points always
the same old crap everything's got to be in downtown Miami nobody wanted to go to downtown Miami
then and nobody wants to go there now and yeah I spent I lived in Baltimore for 12 years and I
spent most of my time at camping yards that Renaissance that happened there happened only because the
businesses around the stadium decided to make it happen the city helped them out a little bit but I
don't think we have a motivation in Miami for the businesses to help that you know and exactly where
are they going to stick this stadium by the way in downtown Miami do you have any idea how much land
it takes for a uh to build a stadium well I'm going to stick it there's a lot of places you
can just move down a lot of the uh useless you know wake land that's there now I mean there's
nothing but how about one-herald plasma let's blow that up some good to me just a place land to me
right thank you okay have a great life see i'm telling you people are getting stuck that even
though they're negative about it but they're talking about it like this is something that we really
ought to be thinking about building a new stadium here you have to and need mental help to believe
that we need a new stadium in this town so that we can continue paying these guys four and eight and
ten and thirteen and now fourteen million dollars a year because they're still entertaining one call
left on the board I think we got lots of good music cracked up yeah let's have some Christmas music
between noon and south there you go there's some good Christmas music for you little Hanukkah
Carol here in there five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line
mobile and west palm beach hello hello yes sir yes Neil how you doing okay good hey I was just
watering if you saw on the news yesterday about the Pacific princess but they found 56 pounds of
heroin on it and they left their passengers in Greece no it did not see that they left an increase
yet unless their passengers in Greece and took off and they had to eat too much of those cheap
buffets yeah well when they came into port they had 56 pounds of heroin on the boat the Pacific
princess the actual love boat all right great that was beautiful that's all I wanted to say I just
wonder if you heard about it no I think that we have thank you so much for the info we learned
two things today no I learned three one I should have stayed home two open lines and date all three
and powered very very slow when they're whatever the hell they is is Thursday thank God are we
anticipating a gigantic crowd of shells on Saturday no between five and seven I mean based on what
I'm hearing here today I think I'm going to be sitting there with George looking off into a space
eating our clam chowder that's pretty much going to be it like the last time we did this certain place
huh yeah I know there was the one guy there that was just complaining because they didn't have
lobster that day oh I see over and over and over again well we're gonna get some people to come
down and complain on Saturday that'll be good five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T
wireless lines so what we've all learned here today Neil is a bad guy that's the problem that's why
nobody wants to talk to number one and number two he's ugly as soon and that's why he's a
fact because no building a touch of middle right mind okay it's better than so on I would imagine
it'd be way easier to get laid as a fact than I just straight up really I would imagine knowing
men five minutes before noon at five sixty WQM I'm doing fine just the way I am okay thank you I
need any assistance from him the Neil Roger show now on five sixty WQM Miami Fort Lauderdale
Neil got out WQM where's the second
yeah
there he was just a walkin on the sea saying
do I dare it dare it dumb dare it do
he's a man from the land of gallery saying do I dare it dare it dumb dare it do
he's good he's good he's good he's good he's good he's good he's good he's good he's
bad changes water into one the next thing I knew we had a layman on his feet singing
do I dare it dare it dumb dare it do stop my not gonna see and the dumb are gonna speak
singing to what did it dare it dumb dare it do he walked on walked on to my dark my dark walked
on to my dark then he cured a leper source
whoa whoa whoa some say he's the son of God
boy yes they do but there's other people think it so I now he's the reason
that we have any today's thing and to who I did it did it dumb did it
oh god and we used to reason that all the christmas first thing and to who I did it did it dumb did it
oh praise him praise him kneel down kneel down praise him and kneel down the man who wore a
cup. Do I dare it dare it dumb dare it do you why did it dare it dumb yeah do I dare it dare it dumb he's a
to do what it is it is dumb he's a
juice to what it is it is dumb he's a
show to what it is it is a show I
wanted five sixty wqm so our
poll question today is how do we
get a first-class ticket to
Europe around trip for a hundred
bucks sound good to me uh-huh that
poor guy that called before man he's
in Lala land when he said about six
I was about ready to say yeah six
grand he was talking six hundred
dollars just fly for maybe seven
hundred bucks you can fly in coach
like way way back there like with a
cargo in the sheep in the pig
whatever and just you know take
some doggy down as with it takes
them sleeping pills like a whole
bunch and you wake up and it'll be
all over you'll be there and you'll
say all right great here's my
Emmy hello a new yes sir okay
uh... you have a read the article
today uh... i guess about sure it's
don't say now that you should leave
uh... just a box of condoms for your
kids like in the uh... i guess like
leaving cookie jar no really
yeah she's saying you know we should
just leave condoms you can't
in eleven year old kids that i
she said kids i mean but just leave
about that by two hundred she said
leaving she said she don't care if
you make water balloons out of them
right just uh... just so you can't
to take them whenever they need them
so what's wrong with that
why i don't think wrong with it but i don't know
but just leave them out like a cookie jar
uh... just like at least they want to eat
them anyway i don't think
okay nice going here and so
here for sure and so on okay what's wrong
with that
not why did i look to my right there all of a
son
i looked away for like one second i look
back at the screen over here every
single line of the board was with
up in an hour like uh... ninety percent
were all gone
we got the most biggest i'm telling you
they're podcasting with a guy that
phoning in there you you don't believe me
you don't believe me i'm telling you these
phones just get knocked off like uh...
with a with an ugly speak
by the way speaking about people at the
phone company in the cable company
media one with all your new eight billion
channels up there in broward county
the picture that you're delivering us the last couple of days i wouldn't wish
on her mom gearing and ava brown okay
that's the kind of gross bad bad money
horrible picture thank god for my satellite
jesus christall mighty they keep jacking errates up a little more in a little
more they sneak in a little increase oh well we're giving you a hundred
channels now yeah but we can't see any of them
grainy horrible nasty pictures on the cable
out there in west broward man you people are brutally just can't get it right
oh there he goes complaining again
sorry here's a lady north mimey b chillow
hello yes man hi nia a couple things
yes first of all the guy that told you that you were ugly yes
you can kiss my butt yeah for saying that
so i'm here most people ugly so what the hell do i care
i don't care what you look like you're the most well informed man on the
radio i'm the smartest god damn man on the face of the year
that's right that's right and i do have a question
on the way to work about important things of course a
harness reason yes seriously i listen to you whenever current events come up
that i need answers to because you are so well informed i've told you this
before you're terrific and you know that that's not too much
i'm not sucking i'm curious did you hear anything about blue lights in the
sky no serious no what do you mean blue light
i was listening to another radio station on the way to work this morning because
you don't come on to left i get to work and um they were saying that there
were blue lights spotted in north mimey beach and implantation
yeah and that when this radio station called the television station or the
FCC or something i don't know who to ask about it they were asked to
please not discuss it because it's a classified matter
and i think i caught the tail end of it oh it sounds like the art bell show to
me that's what it sounds like i just wanted to do do do do do do do do do do do do do
you have twilight so okay you'll take it i think it's probably robscioling trying
to make a comeback from the other side.
Take it easy.
Have a great time.
Maybe it was time for the Blue Light Special.
That's right before the early bird is the Blue Light Special.
Two open lines in day two and brown.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
Here's Tamarack. Hello.
Hey, Pop.
Yes, sir.
I've got a couple of questions for you.
First of all, is the shopping as in my steam.
I don't listen to too much sports radio.
Let me just ask you this question and see what you think.
I don't know if anybody has discussed it.
Yes, sir.
What is the chance that hives in a new that we were losing the all-star game and asked them not to announce it until he could dump the team?
None.
You don't think so?
No.
Well, if it came out before he unloaded the team, who the hell would buy it?
At all.
The guy even said himself that he was hoping and praying that he'd get that game, that that meant a lot to the economy.
It was one of the major reasons he bought the club.
No, he didn't say it was one of the major reasons he bought the club. He didn't say that.
When he did that, it was press conference up and both of the other day.
He said that?
Yes.
It was one of the major reasons he bought the club?
Yes.
I don't believe that.
Well, I saw it.
Yeah.
Well, let me ask you this. Who cares?
Nobody.
Okay, thank you.
Okay, we have one call left on the board. I'm telling you one thing.
We're going to be playing a lot of music here in the middle.
You don't want to talk? That's okay.
I understand.
It's a holiday.
It's a busy.
A lot of stuff. We got a full plate.
We got a full plate.
I mean, every call we've had today, here, I'm looking at the board.
We got two calls on here now, which is pretty pathetic.
Is mobile?
Do we have anybody inside a building?
No.
Can anybody hear this station inside a building in your home?
No.
No. No. No. No.
And you're a pupton under the overpass.
No.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pond, 5, 60 on a mobile one line on a really spastic Thursday.
Is it going to be this way all the way through now or through the holidays?
Yeah.
Here's a mobile invoker. Hello.
NailPriceLine.com.
You want cheap tickets to Europe?
You need to internet site.
You name the price and if there's an airline that will match that price,
you're obligated to buy it.
So basically you say, I'll buy two tickets for 600 bucks.
If there's an airline willing to do it, they will issue those tickets
and you're obligated to buy them.
It's called priceline.com.
What does that mean? I don't understand what you just said.
So you have the question of the day.
You want to find out how to get cheap tickets to Europe.
You can get cheap tickets anywhere.
You just basically put in the tickets out the auction on the internet.
And then airlines have an opportunity to match the price that you want.
In other words, if you say, hey, I want to buy a ticket for 600 bucks to Europe,
then you go out on priceline.com and if there's an airline, say Americans says,
okay, I'll give it to you for 600 bucks.
But why is the American going to do that?
Well, because they don't say sometimes they're a flight star book
and so they want to fill the seats up.
Believe me, just check it out.
Priceline.com.
Yeah, it's a good place.
Okay.
Okay, thanks. Thanks, bye-bye.
Does anybody understand what he just said?
No.
It sounds great to me, but does anybody out there under have any idea
what he was talking about?
No.
Oh, we got another call about that.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
The guy was a moron.
I mean, he had the right idea, but he just didn't know how to explain it.
I mean, he didn't make it.
I mean, I thought it must have been me, like I'm a little bit slow in my advanced days.
But I know he didn't know how to do that.
I was looking at him and explaining.
I'm like, come on, spit it out, right?
Yeah, spit it out.
You're not gonna get it.
Exactly.
So here's the deal.
Instead of buying an airline, take it to traditional way.
You call the airline and they say, oh, you want to go from Miami to Rome.
It's $8 million.
You go to priceline.
This place to this place.
Here's the date that I want to travel on and I'm willing to pay $X.
You fill in the blank.
So let's say you want to pay $300 for that ticket.
Yeah.
Priceline then submits that bid to all the different airlines.
And if there's an airline out there that says, yeah, okay, we've got a couple of open seats on that day.
We'll sell those tickets for $300.
Excuse me.
You bought them.
But I have to believe that this is gonna be a real short term thing.
In other words, the airline.
You can do a short term, long term, whatever.
How can you do a long term?
How does the airline know that they're not gonna sell those seats out at the full price?
I have no idea.
But again, if you put in an offer that's ridiculously low, then the airline can get your turn.
Exactly.
But it's a great service.
You get an answer back usually within a couple of hours.
And it's as simple as that.
The only thing that a lot of people that I know are hesitant about.
You've got to put your credit code in right at the very beginning.
Yeah.
Because what happens is once your bid goes out to the airline, if the airline says, okay, fine.
We're going to go ahead and do it.
They take your credit code.
They take it.
They're not refundable.
So you get them at the place that you want.
And if there's no takers that you're at 300, then maybe you reach a bit, another bit at 400.
But it's a hell of a service.
They're getting ready to come out with the same thing for televisions, for cars, for cars.
And you can do the same thing for like a first class ticket?
First class coach, whatever you want.
You tell them what you want.
You tell them the number of stops you're willing to make.
You tell them the number of, there was some other little parameters.
But you're kind of pretty much still in the blanks as far as, here's what I meant.
I'm happy on that thing today.
As soon as I get home, I'm happy on it.
Right flying dot com, check it out.
Okay, thanks.
Later.
That makes a little more sense.
Sounds good to me.
Sounds good.
Two open lines and Dave Woodenbroward, 5.6705, 60.560 on our mobile one line.
10 past noon at QAM, hang on.
Holy macken on.
This is Joe Bowen, the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs.
And you're listening to the hockey authority, Neil God.
Oh, by the way, if you go to the Bellagio, you're standing for a while.
You're watching the water show and the water is pushing up.
And this is one of the songs they play.
It's five o'clock.
Squared, squared.
Squared.
Squared.
Squared.
Squared.
Squared.
Squared.
Squared.
Squared.
Squared.
Squared.
Squared.
Squared.
Squared.
Squared.
Squared.
Squared.
Squared.
Squared.
Squared.
Squared.
Squared.
Squared.
far from it, but it was just to see you in the flesh on three dimensions there, which
was just a little unusual.
Yeah, you want respect.
Well, I mean, on the year as I am in person.
No, I realize that, but it's funny.
You know, as I listen to you speak during the day, I have mental responses that I say,
well, yes, at the point I'm arguing with you mentally or I'm agreeing with you or you make
a point in the...
And he just vanished and he just got cut off.
And I was interested that I want to hear the rest of that story.
One of the few calls I've had all day that I was really paying any attention to because the
guy had something to say and he just got, I'm telling you, man, the hand of the devil is involved
in his show today.
I know we saw Bill Tanner running around the hall, wait, of course, while terrified of him.
Right, that's the rumor that I'm hearing.
I wouldn't be surprised if the finger of a Bill Tanner is stuck in somebody's rectum right
now because these phones, man, screwed up.
Two open lines and date five, six, seven, oh five, 60, pound, five, 60 on the mobile one line.
Please call us back, zero, okay, we'll pay for the call anyway.
Where do I ever ask anybody to call back?
Almost maybe twice in the 20 years?
Because I want to hear the rest of the story, like Paul Harvey, I want to hear the rest of the story.
Here's a mobile in North Miami, hello.
Are you doing it?
Okay, sir.
All right, do you like that price line situation?
Yeah.
It's very, very restrictive.
Number one, if you change your plan, you lose the back part of the ticket.
What do you mean?
In other words, like till you want to leave today, there's that.
Yeah.
If you come back next Friday, you have to buy a whole new ticket.
If you lost the return portion of it, you cannot use it for anything.
So on what you have, you have to say, so in other words, what you say is that you had an emergency or you got stuck or something and you want to change the date.
You can't even change the date.
You just screw it.
Right.
You have to buy a regular ticket or play the game with a price line situation.
Right.
The other thing is, well, I travel overseas a lot.
It is clear, it's the first clear, it's a generally tied up.
Right.
It's going to be like finding a needle in the haystack to find first clear seats until you want to go.
This mostly used for code seats in the back of the plan.
I would think so, yeah.
Yeah.
So I mean, you may find that you may get lucky.
And of course, you know, three or months or four months out, they're not going to say you're the ticket.
The ticket, for us, the original price class would be like for today or tomorrow or whatever.
But they're not going to let those seats go because they're not going to sell them.
Yeah, they're not going to sell to you four months ahead of time because, you know, what the odds are great that they're going to, because you know what I do.
That business in first class or star class or whatever they happen to call them, they're almost always filled up to the brim.
Right.
You can't get it so fast without paying or whatever.
And I'm going to let you have ready.
And I'm going to give you this.
All right.
Now, let me ask you this because I brought it up before and I have anybody else responded with.
If you do a lot of traveling and I have the only one that has the person sitting in front of me put their headrest all the way back and wind up reclining in my lap.
It happens to all of us.
Right.
It was.
I knew it was.
And what do you do?
I don't do anything.
Is that I want to start a scene on the plane like 37,000 feet in a year.
But I'm sure that there must be some people who got the caulons to say, hey, would you mind moving it up a couple of notches?
You're in my lap.
That's really what you can do because this is the way the feet are designed.
It's like to go back that far.
Yeah.
Which is the father of the goddamn airline, which isn't made up.
They're trying to impress you by showing, hey, look, you can almost lay down here and take a nice nap.
But in the meantime, they're sticking you and everybody else's face.
Well, I know for example, you give you more room in the first place and they don't want to do business.
But business is from America.
It almost.
Yeah.
Okay.
Listen, your phone's crapping up.
Thanks.
What do you say?
We have an open line in Broward one and day five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line.
Here's a, oh, here's our friend who got cut off.
I think it was an act of the devil, sir.
It was an act of the cellular phone oil.
Yeah.
He cut me short.
Yeah.
I'm out there.
I tell you.
So I was saying that that.
What were you saying?
You were saying that it was very peculiar to meet me in person at the pizza.
What was it that pizza slut?
Something like that.
Up there.
Up over at Shlimy.
Because, you know, like I said, you know, you have an internal discussion with you while you're while I'm listening to you on the radio when I agree and so on.
And so forth.
And there were all these things that I said, gee, I want to say this to Neil or this and that and the other thing.
And I walked in and, a, I have to apologize to George because I didn't even say hello to him and he was sitting right next to you.
I was going to, he's just.
He used to be ignored.
He's kind of like a, you know, in a way that way.
And personally, he's very bland and he just sits there kind of like non-committal and he enjoys that.
He doesn't want to know to write it yet.
Right.
And I was taking a back at the lack of circumstance to the whole appearance, you know.
I mean, you were sitting at a table there and the lack of circumcise.
Yeah.
I also, I also was on the other side, placed it out of his mind and now Goldstein was on the other side taking up three or four seats, right?
And all these people, I had a real good, we had a good turn out though at Pizza Luff.
We had that place jam packed.
We did real well there.
Of course, that was a long time ago.
Yeah, I showed up a little.
I also wanted to say that you can't say enough for the volunteers that are out in front and doing all that hard work.
I think we're for center one.
I mean, they really are.
You know, they were really nice and I was happy to purchase materials and so on and so forth.
But the reason I caught you was that I was launching Channel 7 News this morning and as we know there was a grotesque event at the racetrack a couple of days.
Then we're showing that again this morning, were they?
Now, they did an in-depth piece where they, today, where they interviewed her sister and they had a picture of her and they talked to the trainer and everything else like that.
But I sat there and I counted and they showed the fall and the girl getting hurt.
Six times.
The media is sick and they talk badly.
They must have shown it 6,000 times yesterday.
Oh, at least.
But I mean, it was like a...
I would have thought they wouldn't have had time to show it again today because I've been showing this LeBran Dennis guy that got convicted of killing the UM kid.
They've been showing him this thing.
They're 75,000 times.
If he's framed, swole, mull.
Oh, there he goes again.
He keeps hitting that floor and hitting that floor.
They won't have this because that's the electrician. He'll be dead before then.
I was thinking that they could have just let him hit the floor and you know, put a little pool of water there and plug a man and be done with it.
There you go.
But it was a lot of time and money.
And Monday night football and that player got hurt really badly.
You notice how they kept the camera on this and now look away.
You don't want to see it.
Yeah, right.
Cover your eyes.
Only peak.
You know, open two fingers a little bit and take a peak right.
And they didn't go away to a spot and they didn't see it.
They just kept the camera.
Now look at the angle of his leg.
Yeah, right.
Look at how it saw a cook and bent off to the side.
And he'll never walk again.
Okay, but I'll have a great day.
Okay.
You did call me back and I appreciate that by still on what he said.
No, seriously, do you know what he said about the appearance?
That it was uncircumstised.
Oh, we have an open line of day five six seven oh five 60 and five five 60 animal.
Well, I mean, good guy, but I just I still can't figure out what the opponent was.
It was just a novelty expected.
And everybody's like that.
This is a radio show.
That's all.
I'm just a quiet hell of a good guy.
That's all.
It's a radio show.
I'm not some kind of a wild crazy prick who's on here looking to stir up a bunch of gruff.
It's a radio show.
It's to kill four hours in a very boring town and do it a great job of it too, by the way.
Oh, that's all.
This relax.
Here's a lady mobile and coral spring.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Oh, hi, Neil.
How are you?
Hi, I'm fine.
I'm sorry.
Originally from Wisconsin.
We moved down here four years ago.
Oh, I'm sorry.
No, no, that's all I like it.
Well, I weather up there.
It's pretty bad.
No, I like it up.
No, it's just up there last week and it was in the 60s.
Mm-hmm.
For Thanksgiving.
But I just want to tell you.
I want to tell you that we don't have anything like your show up north and they need.
They need me.
Radio entertainer.
That's right.
So you need a radio animal up there.
But anyway, I caught the end that you're going to be at shells from five to seven or.
Saturday, right?
This Saturday.
Which shells?
In Pemberpines, right?
Oh, okay.
I'll look forward to coming down there and seeing you.
Great.
Just coming to the Wisconsin lady.
Okay.
All right, Neil.
Bye-bye.
That's right.
Shells in Pemberpines, right in front of the Pemberp Lake small.
Am I correct about that?
I get the right.
I haven't been there in years.
In fact, the first place that I moved in Broward was Pemberp Lakes.
About six hundred years ago that when I lived in Dade County and I moved to Pemberp Lakes,
I said, I think it's time to get out of Kendall, get out of Dade County and go where like some people speak English.
Oh, that's a terrible thing to say.
But it's true.
And I moved to Pemberp Lakes.
And I lived there for a couple of years and was in one place or two.
And one place.
Then I moved to Plantation.
I've been in Plantation for a long time.
The Chief of Police ain't too happy about it because he asked me like poison.
The Mayor, he's a old.
He don't remember who the hell I am.
But what's not to like about Plantation Acres?
I mean, we got a few smart ass punk kids out there.
But we'll take care of them.
We have an open line of days.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
Proc 26, I'm QAN.
Okay, so kind of that you have talking on your sports department.
I heard him the other day talking about the legals that they're getting now to play the game.
And it's very clear that he's talking about the Cuban illegals.
And I want to tell you that's very sh**.
For someone to talk that way about illegals because, you know, him himself is not a native here.
He's not an American Indian.
Everybody here has been on the illegal sometimes or the other.
And I don't like anybody talking like that about Cuban people.
Because he talks about like that about Cuban people.
How about his nationalities?
He's a piece of sh**.
Okay, there's nothing but laughter here.
There's a poor people.
That's how, you know, that's the American sh** in Wayne.
So they're talking about Cuban people that way.
But your ass holds you guys.
She is a dog.
That's for you, sweetheart.
And that is 30.
The videos we thrive on at our channel.
Oh!
There's a man on Reno.
He's fours up by Ami Nees.
Happy to a Reno.
Somehow don't seem right.
Better ask your phone for financial advice.
And the A is my cow.
There's no fascist call.
They're all all strides.
Let's turn the plate down.
And ensure a chance with your penis.
Before we lose our ass, take a can of style.
Oh!
Nice, nice, nice.
Oh!
Nice, nice, nice.
Nice, nice, nice.
Nice, nice, nice.
Two, three, nice, nice, nice.
Nice, nice, nice.
Nice, nice, nice.
I feel like any of my ass freaks in the matter,
how old are the other people?
No matter what your face is in music,
five greatest songs in the history of America
is Lightning Strikes by Luke Christie.
Would you even debate that?
Even with your crapping musical taste.
I like two faces better.
Yeah, you would.
Two faces, have I?
Oh, that's a baby crapper.
That's true.
Huh?
And that wasn't?
Lightning Strikes?
I mean, I like it too.
How about rapseting in your pants?
That's a great one.
You know, I tell you something.
The more I think about it, Luke Christie.
Left hair is for Luke, okay?
Oh!
He was great.
I've got his greatest hit CD in my ass.
I'm about to try and have Lightning Strikes back here.
Somewhere I might actually play it later.
I'm only having no calls in about 10 minutes.
Love Luke Christie.
Rapseting in the rain, lightning strikes, the gypsy cry.
Two faces have I, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II,
II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II
II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II
II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II
II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II
II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II
II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II
II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II
II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II
II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II
II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II
II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II
II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II
II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II
II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II
II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II
II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II
II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II
II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II
II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II
II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II
II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II
II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II
II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II
II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II, II
Now next Tuesday would be the 8th of December, huh? Last time I checked, no you don't have to look at the calendar I know. You're missing my point. Why are we doing a baseball show starting on the 8th of December? It'll feature guests and interviews from all of Major League Baseball and of Marlins and kind of a hot stove look at baseball's offseason. It says, Luke's regular sports talk show continues from Shulitz from 8th to 10PM, whatever that means. Sunday nights, wait till you hear this from 11PM to 1AM will carry via sports fan radio inside the
NHL hosted by John Davidson and Jeff Rimmer with the exception of Knights will carry Sunday night football games this will then we'll start after the game in progress. In fact, I can't believe we're going to be carrying that show because I asked rumor how did those audition tapes go that you made with Davidson for that show? He said also WQM assigned to carry the micron PC bowl featuring the mommy Huracon versus the North Carolina State on December 29 from PP Park and more bowls. Let's you know about the rest of the bowls. Okay lots of stuff going on here at 560. Maybe some
they might even have a button the bumper sticker away something and a keychain open line and Howard 560.560 on the mobile one line. Here's my me lakes. Hello.
Rogers. What is it? Neil Rogers. Yes, with a phony voice with a shock in him out. Neil, let me tell you the reason that's
bird on this call. I had a dream not last night the night before or maybe I would say nightmare. Yeah, dry or what? Well, the nightmare must have been here about you. Yeah, and the dream was was I was somehow you ever have one of those dreams where you have no control over what you're doing. It's like you can't you can't control what's happening in the dream.
People. I like it like the situation. It's just most nightmares are like that. Actually, they spin out of control. Yeah, well, this is what this was like. And the dream was was that I was at your front door. I somehow found your house.
That does say like it's not like a nightmare already to me. Yeah, wherever it was in plantation acres. I don't know where you live. Yeah, I was at your front door and knocking on your door, and you open up the door.
and you look like you're just working up like a got you out of bed or something.
And I just said to you, well, hey, how's it going?
You know, what's going on and you flew into a weight.
Yeah. And I think it was because I had watched you on WAMUDA.
It was the first time I ever saw you on WAMUDA.
That does set people off. Once they see that show, they do attend to lose it and have a lot of nightmares and elucinate a lot.
Neil, I've been listening to you for years and I've since left Miami and I live in Texas now.
And I, you know, attached you on the radio.
But I'm the guy that sent you years ago to the So Consition book. Remember that?
Sure.
Yeah.
You did a whole show on that one.
Okay, I'll see you at the door. Okay, thank you.
Okay, we have a lot of things that I remember and I appreciate it and we talked a lot about it.
And believe me, sir, just as an addendum to your comment, I have firmly made up my mind on this. Okay.
Firmly made up my mind. And that is the one great thing about America is circumcision.
There you go.
Nobody will ever, I mean, from an aesthetic standpoint, from a cleanliness standpoint, from a sexually appetizing standpoint, if I can use that expression,
circumcision is the only way to go.
Everybody liked George who keeps trying to rationalize away his smegma and foreskin.
I mean, you know, you got the hand that you were dealt. That's all.
Open line of date, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, POP 5, 60. You got the hand that you were felt with.
Okay, where we're going? Here's the curl springs. Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Airplane story.
Okay.
I'm kind of a schlepper. I travel for business a lot but I get stuck in the back because you can't even use your gold miles to get upgraded because it's so full on the front.
Right.
I always try to get a blackout date, like 98% of a year.
Right. I get a middle seat which I'm just going to kill somebody over because I've rewired the aisles.
The guy in front of me puts his seat all the way back. I can't breathe. You know how you said before.
Right.
You say, I'm at the point. It's so uncomfortable. You can't say that I got people on the inside of me. I'm trying to feel closer to the public.
I said to the guy, excuse me. I said, I realize you can, you know, want to climb. You see, because you just put it up one or two notches.
No, he goes, that was the polite thing. He went off into a rage.
Really? I think it real nasty. I said, okay, okay. Then he put it back.
Why was he in a rage? What was he?
I got the right to put my seat in a GD way I want the bumper.
I said, okay, okay. I don't want to, you know, have pull it down on the plane or whatever, right?
Right.
Next thing, the woman next to me says, I've got to get up. I say, okay, as she's, I'm trying to slide out.
He won't put the seat up for her.
I just feel a soda all over the guy.
All right.
Great.
I thought I was going to get killed. He went absolutely out of his tree.
The scooters had to come down and settle him down and this and this and that.
Move me to the back of the plane to another seat, because I thought the guy was going to wait for me when I go to the plane at the airport.
Right.
So I would not recommend telling anybody to move their seat, as you said before.
No, I mean, you do. Especially when you're up there in the year, you're like a captive audience.
So the guy doesn't want to get a guy with the door open on.
And in addition to that, if you've got to fly for hours in that close proximity to somebody else, you don't want to have a lot of hostility.
Yeah, you go back to the bathroom. You come out there to be like a psychosis to see something.
Exactly.
You're talking about music and I let you go. The Vogue's. They're right up there with the Walker Brothers.
Five o'clock world. You're the one.
No, you're the one. Five o'clock world was. I could live without that.
But you're the one with great.
Yeah, the Vogue's.
Okay. Don't do it again.
Okay, but I'm okay.
Yeah, you back there. And I know that one of the reasons we're not here and is because probably a lot of the people who do that crap with the seat on the plane are listening right now.
And they don't want to admit that they're the inconsiderate obnoxious bastards who like just cranking that seat all the way back and wind up with the top of their seat right in your face and you're stuffed in like a goddamn sardine.
For two and a half hours, three hours are God forbid a trip to Europe seven or eight or nine hours. God forbid.
Two open lines and Broward one and a five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line.
Mobile in North Miami. Hello.
Hello, now.
Yes.
How are you sir?
Okay. Good.
I haven't called you in a while. I just got a couple of quick things. You mentioned Paul Winchel several months ago.
Yeah. And my kids happened to love who in Paul Winchel with the voice of Tigger.
And you said you have a monitor is he said he's not so live.
Sure.
Is he really as far as I know?
Did you live down here?
No. No. I used to have one on the phone.
Oh.
He's a guy.
Now one other thing I guess he's an atheist who doesn't want to admit that he's an atheist so he made up some silly religion and wrote a book.
And it's an interesting book but it's you know why do you have to cover it up and not just say you're an atheist and you can write a real short book.
Right. Right.
The other thing I have a quenna got into an argument that since you're the music man Sam what's it?
Sam Perkins who did Bruce Winchel originally?
Carl Perkins.
Well Perkins Sam Perkins.
Carl Perkins. He's dead.
I know. I know. He's dead.
Yeah.
It's frankly re-recorded that album 30 days after he wrote it.
I'm son records.
Right. How did he get away with that?
I guess they didn't have roll.
Why didn't you write that?
Anybody can record a song.
I mean what's it?
I mean, sonny James had a big hit with young love and then tab hunter who couldn't sing a lot of a paper bag.
He also recorded it and actually had a hit on it.
And they used to have it.
I don't know. I guess it doesn't happen much anymore but he used to have it a lot back in the olden days when you know people would record the same song with an
short period of time and sometimes somebody to have a big hit.
Sometimes they both have a big hit.
Elvis stayed, I mean Perkins stayed on the chart much longer than in Presley.
Yeah. Well guess what?
They got one thing in common.
They're both dead.
They both said. There you go.
Oh!
Okay, pal.
Take care.
And yes, so was Paul Winchel recording to some color.
Oh no. About 10 years ago.
No, not 10 years ago.
Well, that's what the guy said.
Well, I had about I&Z.
We had several shows we did together on the phone.
And that would have been about what? Like all about 11 or 12 years ago.
Paul Winchel is dead?
Lung cancer.
Oh, and you want to know why you got lung cancer? He used to smoke up a storm. He's a big smoker.
Okay, that's a shame. He was a pretty good guy.
Oh, I guess you're in my home. He's probably still around.
We have an open line in day one in Broward. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0,
I racked the crappy little constraint, those like the mustache on the face, just get rid of that, you're in drinking chubby and slow up the whole goddamn plate.
Hey, I'm gonna move, hey, I'm gonna f*** up, I'm gonna move, hey, I'm gonna f*** up, I'm gonna move, hey, I'm gonna f*** up, I'm gonna f*** up, I'm gonna f*** up, I'm gonna f*** up, I'm gonna f*** up, I'm gonna f*** up, I'm gonna f*** up, I'm gonna f*** up, I'm gonna f*** up, I'm gonna f*** up, I'm gonna f*** up, I'm gonna f*** up, I'm gonna f*** up, I'm gonna f*** up, I'm gonna f*** up, I'm gonna f*** up, I'm gonna f*** up, I'm gonna f*** up, I'm gonna f*** up, I'm gonna f*** up, I'm gonna f*** up, I'm gonna f*** up, I'm gonna f*** up, I'm gonna f*** up, I'm gonna f*** up, I'm gonna f*** up, I'm
f***ing finding me, I got Alzheimer's disease, I did the wrong spot before a little while ago, and that's a shame, I'm gonna go straight it up.
Thank God that everybody, some of the few people around here on their toes, that's good, because we're sure not, 102 at 560, WQM, we have an open line in date 566, 705, 505, 60, on the 18th, T wireless line Hank Goldberg from Shulestake 2 today.
I noticed the Hank Goldberg show was starting to move Shulestake 2 now, three days this week, and one at Sporting Brews, and like Flagler Dog Track, nice going there, Humper.
He's making damn sure that during the final days in that horrible studio, but there's a hero that has to spend one second more than he's got to in there, and then at 6 o'clock we got the Booster, and at 8 o'clock we got one of the worst Thursday night football games in the history of mankind, I don't want to mention Philly and the Rams, oh God.
Here's Pemberpine, hello.
Hey, how are you doing, Neil?
Great, I figured out why they're having that show now with Booge and everything like that.
Yeah, they're starting the pre-game show, for the models, for the first game, or so...
So you're actually in quite that maybe that's one way we can make some of that money back to like the million dollars we lost last year at a moment.
I think it was more than that.
I think that's what Greg Rees trying to figure out the money that you've got 25 million that he's talking about before the history.
Yeah.
Exactly what it is.
If you only knew.
But I figured out, I told the George Telly what name the song was, do you talk about it early with Erasmith?
Yes, but I forgot already.
Oh, I don't want to miss a thing.
See, if I forgot it before, I'm going to forget it now. I have no idea why I forgot it because Erasmith is next to God to me, but...
We know that people think that song is annoying, but it's not nearly as annoying as that movie, but that one from the movie City of Angels.
Do you remember one with the Guru dolls?
No.
You don't know that song?
No.
Why do people think that song is annoying? What's annoying about it?
Oh no, it just keeps going on and on and on.
That's what's great about Stevie Tyler's. He's way on it.
Yeah, he's okay though, but...
I'm never still afraid, Trent. I'll tell you that.
Well, you know what, I heard that one that you guys did with Neil God, one that I think was on the death of 95.
That was phenomenal.
Is that what you could play that by chance?
Yes, sir.
Okay, great. You asked and you got it.
You're great American.
Okay, I have a very nice.
Hey, by the way, speaking of UX, have you seen that the OJ is dating a looker-like and a cool looker-like? Have you seen that?
You better get with it and you better start reading the important publications like the Tatler and the Star and the Enquirer.
I'm serious.
And the Sun.
He's dating this blonde bimbo of white, of course.
So I guess that she's blonde to figure she's white.
Who looks just like Nicole.
It's kind of like a guiding lighting. It's like the clone of Riva.
Here we go. OJ, he'd be having a clone of Nicole.
What the hell is that all about?
Murdering son of a bitch.
We have an open line of date. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
At least we can all kiss the ground and thank the Lord.
We can thank the...
It is. Good.
That's right.
For the fact that the overwhelming majority of Americans don't want nothing to do with that murdering son of a bitch and they know him for exactly what he is.
Nobody wants nothing to do with OJ, no more.
In fact, if I were OJ McDuffie, I'd probably change the name if I were him right now, but far be it for me to tell any of those rows.
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hello, Ney-Aul.
Yes.
I lived in Vegas for 15 years.
Really?
Yeah, I used to go to all the shows out there because we go for nothing.
When we were working in the casinos, you always get const for all the shows.
But I saw Lou Christian up there and he was great.
But I'm going to tell you something.
I saw a show at the Sahara Hotel one night.
Right.
It was blood- sweat and tears when David Clayton Thomas made his big comeback.
The opening act was Johnny Rivers.
I love Johnny Rivers.
Oh, man.
I love it.
He did 45 minutes of just hit after hit after hit.
And when the blood- sweat and tears came back on, they were just boo.
They wanted Johnny Rivers back.
Really?
Oh, unbelievable.
I believe it was.
I sure like Johnny Rivers more than David Clayton Thomas.
No question about that.
I mean, there's blood- sweat and tears.
They had spinning wheel and spinning wheel and spinning wheel.
No, it's been much less.
Yeah.
They came up with a new class of music.
Now, it's kind of a cross between a country and rap.
It's called crap.
Yeah.
I hear a lot of it.
I'm out of material.
Okay.
Have a great day.
Oh, God.
We have an open line at day one in Broward.
He's right on target, baby.
Because make no mistake about it.
98% of the music here, especially on FM in this market.
Crap.
That's right.
We can kiss the ground for that.
That we got so many bad, bad music stations in South Florida as in all of them.
Who played non-stop round the clock.
Crap.
560-560 on our AT&T wireless line.
Here's Haya Leah.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how's it going?
Okay, sir.
Hey, what's going on?
You got some of the Florida Panthers that are working for you.
You missed the spot.
They're not on their toes.
It's not like the Panthers deer's something working for you.
Yeah, we've got Terry Murray as one of them to join now.
We've got the Murray Brothers.
That's all, but that's all.
Bobby Meter, my special ad Jovenoski.
I love it.
How beautiful.
What is your minus 96?
You know?
He's dumb is what he is.
Dumb, a dummy.
It's just flat out horrible.
Oh, he didn't make a nice play last night.
He said to go.
You see that when he blocked it, a crease last night?
Yeah, after he let in the other two though.
Right.
Well, nobody's perfect.
I guess I can get him.
You get married.
You have a kid and you know, that's it.
Not in that order.
It was the other way around.
Look, you're right.
Okay, yeah.
You have a huge audience, Murray.
You know, you stop it.
You save the spanking for the wife when she's nagging you.
Uh-huh.
Oh, that's just terrible.
You know what that is, don't you?
That's the American fucking way.
And the Canadian way too evidently in his head.
The Canadian way.
And you got Peter War out there.
And we'd be better off with OJ there speaking of OJ.
We're getting his ass next.
And I'll let you cut somebody, you know, not just hit him.
Right.
Okay, pal.
I'll pass you the good news.
Special Ed is doing it.
Okay, two open lines in day two and Howard.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
Pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
108 here on QIM.
Yeah, kid, baby.
WIOD.
Oh, Neil.
God.
Oh, Neil.
Oh, Neil.
Oh, Neil.
Oh, Neil.
Oh, Neil.
Oh, Neil.
Oh, Neil.
Oh, Neil.
Oh, Neil.
Oh, Neil.
Oh, Neil.
Oh, Neil.
Oh, Neil.
I have no preview.
I'm dying always.
Boy, you go.
Neil God.
Oh, Neil.
Oh, Neil.
Oh, Neil.
Neil God.
Oh, Neil.
I need you.
I need you.
I need you.
I need you.
I need you.
I will not synchronize blockbuster.
Radio the company that prepares for pressure weights.
This kind of behavior.
You trapped that.
You got it.
You got it.
You got it.
You got it.
You got it.
We are getting an all-girl pro-actress.
I am a single bone spas.
I am a single bone spas.
I am a single bone spas.
Hey, no mochopio.
I know that before he's a lover, you rocker.
Father of the soul.
God.
God.
Oh, this is a very complex thing.
You know.
God.
God.
How's that hand job?
Come on, John.
He has no feet.
He doesn't do my job as well when I'm starting to say it.
It isn't bad.
It's great radio.
I am the hemorrhoid.
Do we have a longer cord than this piece of grass?
Look at this.
Look how sharp this damn thing is.
I'm going to take this cord and I'm going to shove it right up his neck.
Let's take a more kneel.
Let's place the operate like a freaking hut house.
It really does.
I want to be left a freak alone.
Okay.
I'm man and man.
You got a board.
That's a big deal.
What's that?
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Jesus, they're faying on.
They're doing that crap again.
Oh, they're driving.
I was just going to have to stand.
Oh.
They're going.
They're going to go.
They're going!
There's power that will help president say, man.
Yeah, I'm going to go with power for God damn man in the world.
So we'll be correction.
Who the hell are you?
I'm going to be correction.
I'm going to be correction.
I'm going to be correction.
Jesus.
You see me, baby?
You've got to be.
You've got to be.
Jesus.
Jesus.
This is your baby, it's hard to settle down
And I have to swim up for you to get rid of them
Your baby boy wants a girl
He can't trust his up there even
No
Baby, that's you
You want to play
But still, it's what I think
If they could do it, you'll see
Oh
You want to get off
You want to get off
And I'm getting off
And I'm getting off
You want to get off
Yes
You want to get off
You want to get off
You make me take it over my heart
We trust my
So we need to hold on
We're in my heart all the time
All the girls are saying that you'll end up with poverty
For the sun is lifted by the roof
When I settle down
I want one baby on my bride
For the kids and for kids
And don't take up
For all of us
Just to get off
Everything
I'll get off
I'll get off
You want to get off
You want to get off
You want to get off
I'll get off
You want to get off
You want to get off
You want to get off
I'll get off
You want to get off
Run
I'll get off
Are you?
Oh my god.
This is travel in the pine, waiting for us around the wind.
Make sure in your mind, don't ever let children issue care.
It's time, baby, we're gonna make something stronger.
It's time, baby, we're gonna make something stronger.
It's time, baby, we're gonna make something stronger.
Yeah, it's time.
I can't stop it.
Once upon a time of color, 5, 65, 62.
I've just figured out in my mind that's number three on the all-time list.
Number two, of course, pretty little angelized by curtously.
and number one crying by Eros Smith which we decided month ago on the shirt.
There you go, there's the top two. What are you, what are you smiling about?
Nothing wrong with that. Are you familiar with pretty little angelized by Curtis Lee?
The answer better be...
Yes! Of course. What a great record that is, huh?
Curtis Lee, another one hit the wonder.
Man, oh man, what a great song that is. And do you know that he was white? Did you know that?
No, I didn't know that. Curtis Lee, he'd be white. Or was that? Curtis Lee, dead or alive.
Come on, on your experts out there. White.
Sounding black. Let's talk about all the white artists who sounded black.
About all the black artists who sounded white. I guess we knew that real quick.
We have an open line in Broward 2, then 5, 6, 7, 05, 60,
pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. I feel rejuvenated now after you're
enlightening strikes by Luke Christie. Oh god! I feel like somebody just woke me up from a long nap.
Here's a mobile Intel Ray B. Chillow. Hi Neil, how you doing?
I just wanted to call and thank you. I've been on the AT&T now since just after Labor Day.
And I'm losing weight. I lost about 25 pounds. I went off the last two weeks and I started to
feel bad again. You know, all the carbs and the starch is just really, you know, you start feeling
bad. So I've been back on for four days now and I'm starting to feel better again.
Now, have you, did you hear me talking about this Tyson season B strips?
Yeah, I sure did. I'm going to tell you because you all as well as I do that the AT&T is that the
biggest problem is it's boring. It's repetitive. It's restrictive. And every time you look at
the store for something in nibble on something in Asha, it's just loaded with carbohydrates.
And I picked up this package in Wendixi a couple days ago and I look on the label of one
gram of carbs per serving. Three servings of containers. Three carbs in a whole package which is
nine ounces and it is delicious. It's great. I'm going to definitely have to try it. I was writing
it down earlier when you were talking about it. I'm in the car so I was like, I just wish to
try it. I knew I could find some because I know I'm going to go back to that store today and it'll
be a little bit long gone. Where did you find some of the first time public? Oh, no. My public
doesn't carry this. They carry the Tyson chicken strips but they're not even in the same league.
No. This stuff is great. Well, definitely have to try it and I just wanted to thank you Neil. You
definitely keep me going during the day between 10 and 2. Okay, keep it up. All right, thank you.
And the diet too. Okay, we have an open line of bread. I mean, new people out there. If I
done a lot for you over the years, well, of course not. But I mean, at least I show up here every day.
But it would seem to me that because I turn you on to Ben and Jerry's to fish with all
this good stuff, Bokker burgers, just one time. Just this one time. I would like to find out where I can
get my Tyson season beef strips because this to me, when I discovered this, I thought, Jesus,
God almighty, I've just discovered the answer to all my Atkins problems. Here's something to
like really satisfy you know, because I'll be honest with you. There's not that much like
when you're in the car. You're what you're going to have slim gyms. How many goddamn slim gyms can
you have stuck? You know, maybe you can stick one in your rectum and one in your
push at the same time. But those things get really tired and old. This stuff is juicy and tasty.
And there's all kinds of stuff you can do with it. Like, if you like. No, seriously, you can put
cheese on it and put it in the microwave where you can put vegetables with it, whatever you like.
Great stuff. Tyson season beef strips. I'm going to make this bigger than all the other stuff put
together. If we don't find word about get it. Here's North Miami. Hello.
Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, you know, I'm going to college right now and I have a professor that
talks about you all the time. I was wondering if you actually knew him personally. And what's his name?
Seth Brampson. Never heard of him. Really? Because I mean, this is the second year of Adam and he
talks about you constantly. It also sounds like he's obsessed. He pretty much is. Great. Next one.
Next one. Okay, well listen to whatever he says. He sounds like a genius to me, right?
Oh, okay. We have an open line a day. Neil is making no mistake about it. Yeah. Good.
Right. You hear it on issue. We turn you out of the good stuff. Okay. Let all the experts
stop there. We're about Monica and the stain on the dress and the constitution and all
of the other BS. Okay. And Jesus and Moses and Abuda and Joseph Smith, all of the other
above my sees. Let those people worry about that stuff. We worry about the good stuff.
Like God damn fish food. And then when you've had enough fish food to make your fat as a pig,
which believe me, then you move over to Tyson season beef strips. Oh, man.
I'm dying for it. I want it bad right now and the beef strips too. I want my meat.
Where we go in here's okay. Two open lines in date. Five six seven oh, what was that?
Some kind of a stick. That was some kind of a stick, but not a stick joke. Oh, five six seven oh,
five six being five, five six being on the AT&T wireless evidently a tired old joke so old,
but even I'm not old enough to remember it. Here is North Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir.
I found the Tyson meat in Hyde Park. Hyde Park. Hyde Park markets. Where they're not
that many of them. I've never even heard of it. There's one on the 79 street cause. Oh,
I'm not going all the way down there. I love it. There's one in there's one on US one
between Hollywood Boulevard and Sherry. Not Hollywood. Hollywood Boulevard and Tembroke.
Yeah, they have them. What I wanted to do is I'm a big fan of yours and I've listened to you for
years and I was listening yesterday and I heard somebody was going to send you a copy of an
article about Phil and harassment suit. Right. I was wondering if I could get a copy of that.
I don't have it. They never sent it. Well, when you get it, is there a possibility of me getting
a copy from you? No. How are you going to do that? I'm like, what am I going to start
faxing them out now? I'll read it on the air. Okay, great. Fantastic. Okay. Thank you. I'll see you.
Okay, we have an open line and two open lines in date five six seven oh five six
to the pond five six to the on the AT&T wireless line. Hyde Park. What is Hyde Park? I never heard of that.
Did you? The supermarket? Yeah. I mean, I know where Hyde Park is, but he's talking about the
supermarket chain. I never heard around around where? Not by me. We had one across the street from
the old radio station. That's the one who's oh, that place, that place. Yeah. Oh, yeah. I went
in there a couple of times. Yeah. Okay. What was the what was the chain that that used to be?
Always grand union. Remember grand union? Oh, yeah. In fact, when I lived in Kendall over there,
in the town gate, grand union was right across the street on the corner of sunset and whatever,
107. What? Grand Union. Hey, listen, I got a good name, right? How about the A&P? Want to go to A&P?
How about the Wegmans? Oh, no, that's not down here. I'm sorry. How about Piggly? How about Ralph's?
Yeah, we just, you know, out by me. I love my, oh, and speaking of my public sawdress,
I had made a note to ask this question. Okay, this is bothering me tremendously because we were talking
the other day about how boring it is here and how the number two tourist attraction in the whole state
is the sawdress mills outlet mall. I would like to know because I know that most of the people who go
there and not listening to the show because most of notes picking, most of them are illegal aliens
anyway. But what what is the attraction? Is it hogging down? No. I mean, you can buy that watery ice
cream, any gas station you can buy hogging down. Is that the attraction? No. Is it what what is it?
The sunglass hut? No. What what kind of stores? What kind of magnet? Magnet? What? What is the
it? Seriously, stop and think about that because anytime you try to get near that place, you got to
park five million miles away. You'll walk and you'll walk by the yellow toucan or the purple penguin
or whichever entrance it is and you finally get in there and you look around it. It's, uh,
is there anything in there that's worth a while? No. I haven't seen it. There must be an orgy place
in here somewhere in the back. I don't know where the hell it is, but, uh, God, there's got to be
something spectacular going on in here because I haven't discovered it yet. Number two tourist
attraction in the whole state. It's right by my house. I watched and build a goddamn thing from the
ground up and I would say that since they open, I've been in there maybe, how many years ago is that?
That's got to be like seven years ago. I've been in there maybe 15 times, an average of twice
a year. Maybe that's an exaggeration, maybe 10 times. What is the attraction that the songgrass
has? Inquiring minds, why don't know anybody know? No. I got you down. So you're a freaky chick
with lots of piercings and you like to wear leather pants too. And of course you like to dye your hair
a lot of different funky colors. Until recently, to see all that dyeing you did rotted your roots
and now you're sporting that I'm a rebel bald look. But since we know you like to dye your hair so much,
we've developed an all new hair dye for you. It's called crotch colorings. Sure, not everybody will
see your new dye jobs. But for those lucky few, they're in for a real treat with all new colors
like crabs red. I just blew and now it's your turn. And of course everyone favorites feet your
greens, crotch colorings, using good taste. Okay, what 30 if 560 WQM? We thank profusely not
those people that are calling George all 50,000 of them off the air, telling him that, you know, I can
find my Tyson season beef stiff in like the freezer compartment. I know what part of the store to
find them in. I'd like to find out which stores got it. I know where to look for it. Okay,
and the meat too. What a bunch of rap Jesus. Tell him to look in the frozen the food section.
We have an open line of days 5 6705. I'm telling I wasn't at public last night. I'm looking,
I'm scouring every kind of Tyson chicken key of chicken this chicken, quote, on blue chicken
crap. I mean, and they have the beef strips. No, come on. Get with it. All my buddies out there in
public. The songwads for quite a lot. I always depend on them. They have everything you could
ever want an in some, but do they have my tea and my Tyson season beef strips? No, can't
with it. Order me 20 or 30 cases. Come on. I'll even pay for them. Well, here's a mobile in Hollywood.
Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. I find myself being very pompous. Yeah, no kidding. Sounds like it.
Oh, I don't know what does that mean. I'm full of myself. Now great. Okay, go go take a good
you know, get rid of some of it. Okay, we have an open line in brown or 5 6 7. He said he was full of
and we believe him. Okay. As in. Okay, where we going? Here's a call from Boca. Hello.
Hey, do it. Neil. Okay, he was great. I don't know if I could be as pompous as that guy, but
I said he was full of and we believe it. He sounded like it. I'll certainly try. He sounded like
Dick's fatherly. That's some other dick. Um, could you read me that memo that with
Duff New Programming Changes there? No, those assimilating dogs. I saved that thing.
I couldn't believe it. River and John David to the 11 o'clock on Sunday night. Yeah,
that's prime time. Oh, yeah. Well, that's the time that they belong on here. Like real late. Yeah,
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, I heard the
audition tapes for that show. Yeah. Did Rimmer get a word in that's why? No. Rimmer's rumors. I can't
wait for that part of it. Yeah. And I'm going to tell you by the way, the guy that called yesterday
the Ranger fan that was giving me a song of the dance about watching the Ranger games. You know,
Sam Rosen's okay. I'm not a big Sam Rosen fan. He's okay. But quite frankly, he doesn't do the
game anyway. John Davidson never takes a breath. He has a running dialogue that goes from before the
game starts to long after the game is over. Bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, and Sam Rosen might as well
not even be there because he doesn't give him a chance to get forwards and edge wise. Well, John
David, you know, he's a real insider. Oh, yeah. Yeah. He's with the team there. And you'll discover
that 99% of his information is a pile of crap. He's in the room. Yeah. And another thing,
you got to be in the weight room a little bit. Get some of that extra fluff, a flab off of there.
Um, any top five music list. Yeah. Isn't complete.
Yeah. Without 3-11 at it. Okay. Okay. Okay. Thanks. How much did George pay to say that?
Get out of here with that crap. I'd rather go to 7-11 and 3-11. We have an open line of day,
two and brown, or five six, seven, oh five, 60, pound five, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
We discovered one story yet that's carrying my Tyson. No, no, they tell me, oh, look at the frozen food
the book. Oh, no, I was, but what? They're all saying public's here and there, but public's where?
Delray one guy. Oh, I'm going to Delray Beach to get my meat. There you go. You can't beat the meat
in Delray Beach against the law. Five six, seven, oh five, 60, pound five, 60. We pay for it on the AT&T
wireless line. Just one time I asked the audience for some information. I'm always disseminating
the good information about where to find the good stuff. One time, and do I get an answer?
No. Do I get a definitive answer? No. And I'll tell you why because they heard me talking about
how great it is and they want to hop it all up for themselves is what they want to do. They don't
want to share theirself. They want it all for themselves, which is what I had in mind.
Where we going? Here's North Miami. Hello.
Neil, how's it going? Okay, sir. Listen, you got your top three songs. I think I got a song
number four for you that you might have forgot about. I knew you used to be one of your favorites.
How about see a heartbreak Don Gibson? Oh, yeah, that's, that's good one. I'd send it to top 25.
Oh, absolutely. Yeah. Another thing I was going to say, you talk about high parts, those
you could be pantry pride. Panty pride. That's what it was. Boy, those little pantry pride stories.
They sure were filthy, weren't they? Oh, God. And kind of high price. Yeah. But you know,
the reason I know about Grand Union, my dad was a meat cutter for like 25 years at Grand Union
until he finally retired. They just closed up down here. They still have a lot of stores in New
York and New Jersey. Well, in fact, that's where their main offices and I think,
Paramus. That's where he gets to. Paramus, oh my God. Yeah. What have they got out of here?
Yeah, really. Oh, you know, you was talking about Lou Christie. I like him. You know, he used to rip
him all the time. But what if he no Greg Buegel used to rip Lou Christie? Yeah. Well, how do you like
that? Look what happened to Greg Buegel now. Okay. He's waiting tables at some
free bag restaurant in the Hollywood. Is they still in country kitchen or somewhere? And he had
a audacity to rip Lou Christie. That shows what goes around comes around, man. Exactly.
All right. Have a good one. Thanks for good news. No wonder, Greg had so many problems. Okay.
You audacity to rip Lou Christie. Greg Buegel. Oh, this guy's going to be started. Let's put
a little bug man on there with his Greg Buegel stories. We have an open line and
Brad one in date, five six seven oh five sixty, pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless side.
Do we have an answer yet for me on my meat? A real answer? No. Do we know? What is it? No,
no, no, no, no, no, no, no. I can't believe you people. I ask you one very simple question.
I ask for a little assistance, little help. Something that's great. Delicious. Melt in your mouth.
Juicy. Not like anything else you ever prepared in the microwave. I mean, just melt in your mouth
delicious. Got plenty of nice spices on it. Got some taste to it. And like I said, they know
where to find it. They're just all out there hopping it up right now. I'll never find another
box of that if I live to be 500 plantation. Hello? Hello? Yes, sir. Hey, how you doing now?
Okay. Are you giving them hell? I'm giving them hell. Oh, yeah, this is 10 cents. That's where the
most of them are going to wind up anyway. It's 10. There you go. One way or the other. Yeah.
This 10 cents, I think, to that pair to you. Okay, I haven't got to it yet, Tim, but don't call
me every day. I'll let you know when I hear it. Okay, call me yesterday. They asked me the same
thing. I'll get around to it. Okay, Tim. And the fact that you're calling me every day and asking
me did I get around to it? The answer is no. I got it right here as a matter of fact. That was
preparing to listen to it tomorrow morning, but the fact that you call me every single day and
asking me that question, Tim. We're going to have a lot of very short phone calls.
Do you believe that? I told them I would get to it. I'm not meaning like right this minute. I've
got important stuff to do, Tim. I got to go out there and scour every supermarket in Zaflota and
check for my Tyson season, these trips, which I'm sure they probably got lines lines of four, five,
six hundred people at every supermarket in this town. I'm looking for it. And the meat too.
Come on, Tim. Cut me a little slack there. Will you please give me a break? Cut me a little.
That's enough. 22 before 2 at 560 WQAM. Where's my meat?
Oh, I can't take too much butter.
A cute strike out by a
pamper and a bring up
Blooming to the can.
I can't take too much butter.
I can't take it at all.
My ass burns from all that's dropped. And especially sorbets all.
I can't take too much butter. It goes through meat and fast.
You can't put it out.
You've heard I can't take 143 or 560 WQAM will roll in long
second song and that look Christy, man. That's just kind of first up my whole day.
I'm ready to go out for hours now in searchport and the Tyson's meat too.
Here's a lady in the pepper pine. Hello.
Hello. Yes, man. Uh, no. I first of all loved you.
Listen to you for 20 years and you're the greatest. Of course.
And I just came back from Cooper said a
on Griffin and Pahnavenew. Right.
In Albert's then. Albert's. Yeah. And Lord the Holy is what you're talking about in the
in the uh, both includes on the very top in the corner is
Hey, it's just what you're wanting. Oh, thank God.
And I just came in from there and I got one too.
Cause I hear you talking about it.
I'm Russian Albertsons as soon as the show is over. Great.
You're wonderful. We owe thanks to me.
Bye. Bye. Bye. How do you like that?
Albertsons I never thought about that. I mean, Albertsons is fine.
They're open 24 hours most of them, right?
So now what I'll probably do is sneak in there about two o'clock in the morning
and then just load up a whole cart with this stuff.
Just load up tons and tons. I'm telling you if it wasn't really spectacular,
surprisingly shockingly good. I wouldn't even waste my time talking about it.
But I better start reverse psychology now because now that they know it's an Albertsons
all like I said, I think it sucks. You know, it's not really all that good.
I think I overplayed my hand.
Here's a North Miami. Hello. Hey, how you doing, Neil? Okay.
You prompted me to call that Lucrissy song with the drop-ins. I thought I was going to wet myself.
Yeah, I was his. The guy who called in and said he was full of himself.
I think he was doing an Allen Burke impression.
Oh, is that what I wanted? I guess.
And the reason why I called was the Panty Pride across the street there.
You were talking about how dirty they were and how they went out.
I worked for them for 18 years when I used to work across the street.
I sent some stuff over once I went for you.
The biggest problem with that company is when I started with them back in early 70s,
600 stores and they drove themselves out of supervisor after soup.
Everybody was a boss. Really? And they all make it look like around here.
But the problem is the people who actually did the work, they hired very few people to actually do
the work and a lot of supervision and they drove free landers that owned the Diplomat and
Hotel of John Hollandell, who owned them originally. And they drove themselves out of business.
And they used to be food fair before that.
Right. Food fair. Now we're bringing back the food fair with the original.
Food fair and Panty Pride.
Right. And then they turned into that gourmet food store.
You mentioned it a couple years ago. I forget the name of it like a guy's name or hairs or some
baloney. Right. That's all here. Yeah.
Whatever. And then now it's Hyde Park.
And I love that lucrity song. But that was the funniest thing I've ever heard. And in closing,
that's you. Stop back to you.
Yeah. It's worth calling to listen to George talk about what he was doing to his girlfriend in
the bedroom. I'm right. I enjoyed it. Okay. Thanks Neil. Yeah.
Okay. We have an open line in date. All three and Broward dried up. And the reason
for that is all of Broward is out there scouring the supermarkets now. You bastards trying to
steal my meat. Come on. Leave my meat. Leave a little meat for me. Will you please?
That's what I always say. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Albertson. Why is that? It's just one of those places that ever comes to mind. There's an Albertson's
right. In fact, they're all over the place. There's the one on university and Davy there.
There's one. Isn't there one on Oakland Park Boulevard? Like, yeah, this one over there by the
public. I already said the one in Pembroke Pines. I'm not going to Pembroke Pines to buy meat.
You'll be on your way there on Saturday. Today is Thursday, Mr. I'm going to wait until Saturday
in addition to which I'm going to, how about if I just take it to the hockey game? Okay.
I'll just thought out in my lap. What are you doing with that meat in your lap? Oh, I'm just
sawing it out. It's wrong with you. I got a rush from that appearance. Maybe we'll just say when
we go to the shelves. Hey, you must have an oven there in the back. Just keep this up for us.
Heat up my meat. That's an idea. Here's Miami. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. How are you doing, buddy?
Great. I found a place for your little Tyson strips there. Really? Yeah. Costco, Miami Lakes.
Costco. Miami Lakes. Yeah. I'm not going to Miami next to Miami. It's not that far. Miami Lakes.
Miami Lakes. Right off the Palmetto. Right off the hill highway there. Right off the Palmetto.
Do you have any idea where I live? I live in the West Broward. Look at that far from the station.
Oh, yeah. That's true. Well, we got, you know, we do have a Windixie up here.
Very dark, complex in neighborhood on the way up toward the turnpike. No, I don't. You're right.
Okay. Thanks. Thanks a lot. These people have got me going to let's see. Where am I going? I'm going to
Miami Lakes. I'm going to the 79th Street Causeway to Hyde Park.
How about like somewhere in like West Broward would be good. I mean, we got 50 million. We got
that huge Windixie on Abhil road. We got 55 publics on every street corner. We got the out. While
she straight me out with Albert and they must carry it. See, that's the first reading thing about
shopping for anything is you go into a supermarket, you find something you're reading like and then
you find out that a lot of other stores don't carry it. But you have something in the
estate cross from Palmetto Park has it. Yeah. And and what am I going to do? Buy it on the way up
to the track Monday night. I'll go up to the track and I'll buy a whole bunch of it and then I'll
give it to the kitchen and say, Hey, heat this up for me. Okay, please. Cause I at least I know this will
be good. I'm sorry. Pompato Park. There you go. I'm driving to Miami Lakes. Then I'm going to
Pompato Park. Then I had Delray Beach. We got they got it up there in Delray Beach. Jackson really
got a ton of meat up there. Got them are going to be a busy camper before this week is uh huh. I'm
gonna have to take a few days off just to go on a little shopping trip. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60
under AT&T line. We got no for the line in Broward. Dave County not playing right now. They're all dead.
Coming at still two of five 60 WQA and where do you find it? Kaplan. White where you got it.
Oh, 4th radio. 5 60 Q. A. L. A. L. F. You. Hey, tell. Present. Number 748 of a Goynez songs alone.
Especially for the lady in your life. By Jerry Lewis. When I hit you. I'm saying.
Nobody loves songs for your lady. All distributed by the love. I sure hear himself.
A typical superstar at the theater. Jerry Lewis. I don't get your favorite lady. Love song.
Like lady. Like lady. Like lady across my big red bed. It's an amazing
company of up 748 love songs for your lady. All distributed. Remastered at all performed by the
masterful superstar. Jerry Lewis. I'm Jerry. I'm here to join you. I'm K.L. Reckon. I think they are very
special musical venues of a lady. You'll get this arrow Smith classic.
And you look like a lady. And you look like a lady. It's Jerry. It's a little old lady with a
little arrow. And Helen. Where do you think it never sounded better? That ain't no way to see the
way. It's a way to see the way to go. And listen to Jerry's amazing interpretation of this
super hit from the king of pop. You're the lady with my wife today. The lady.
