Sport Radio 560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers Show.
A lot!
The company Neil called 567 0560 toll free for date and rarer
from home 560 on your cell phone.
Yeah.
The opinions of Neil, his guests, callers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily
reflect those of WQAM easily read acquisitions for the Beasley Broadcast Group.
Now, Neil Rogers on Sport Radio 560 QAM.
Great Whitney has prepared!
You left out the Giggle.
When he makes an wiggle, Monica is not the kind you can do in the behind.
Welcome.
But a cigar and her vagina she's all mine.
All right.
Well, he don't know where a stoke goes.
I can see how there was some confusion between humor, door and human horror.
And then, again, saw the term Cedar Box mean saw her naked.
Stars report can lead to going blind.
Now, listen, he was working hard late nights in the overrear of this working on the practical
joke.
He took a mac and noodle, put an explode in, load in for Monica was blowing rings
a smoke.
Bills the cars and Monica's a vagina.
Oh, great.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Every time he makes an wiggle, Monica is not the kind you can do in the behind.
Cause when a car and her vagina she's all mine.
Or people feel about Hillary's been made a fool of fire husband.
Feel that Hillary was wronged.
Up in the Lincoln bedroom she was born in morning.
Morning, I'll draw a few in her with Bill's old bomb.
Oh, right.
Bills the cars and Monica's a vagina.
Okay.
She let's out of Giggle.
Every brick and sally makes a wiggle.
Monica is not the kind you can do in the behind.
But us, a car and her vagina she's all mine.
Yeah.
More candy than this.
Yeah, that's not the risaster.
Oh, yeah.
What you got to do is take a sip of real love.
And put it in a brown.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
More now.
I was a car and her vagina.
Whoa, yeah.
Where the hell do we start today, man?
I guess right at the beginning, 10.030 at 5.60 W.200.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I love this show.
I love this show.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
Okay.
Now this takes me back to my days at KAT many, many years ago.
And I had already left there, but I heard this story.
Howard Premer, who replaced the late Joe Freed as news director,
was called the, you call a catch in time, the owner of the station.
We're sitting in the orifice, and she called him to have a meeting with her.
And she called him to have a meeting with her, unbeknownst to Howard at the time.
He was about to get the acts.
He was about to get fired.
He was about to get fired.
He was about to get fired.
He was about to get fired.
He was about to get fired.
Well, why Howard was sitting in the waiting area out in the lobby,
waiting to a meet with you.
He was about to get fired.
The program director, they had just brought in from Washington DC from WKAT.
This guy had been here for about a week or whatever.
And that's the truth.
They've been there for almost a week, and that was enough for him.
Even back then, this is in about 1978, 1979.
That was enough for him.
He said a week in his place, this outdoor funeral parlour.
That's it.
So he goes into you, cola.
And quit.
I can't take it here.
I can't live here. This place is a nightmare. This is not going to work out. I quit
So now she's like what do I do now? So Howard Primer happens to be the closest body
He's sitting in a chair out there right outside her office. Oh come on in Howard. How would you like to be the program director?
And Howard said okay, okay
And eventually not too much later down the road Howard's father-in-law, I believe it was who had lots and lots of money bought the station and
They turned it in location melodies or whatever the hell it evidently became and they sold it
I do believe in they'd lots and lots and lots and lots of money with it
Now why do I take you that story because it's very similar to the Rick and Sud story
Which is just unbelievable now I have a feeling Rick might not face up on the ear of this no no now when do they officially start in the morning by the way
January 4th for this long vacation and by the way they did play that turkey's on parade
Oh, man
Did they be from oh for the four billion time in the morning see people's your I want to tell you something
There are people in this business. I've been in the business for about 700 years
There are people that are good people. There are people that are like they're okay. They're not so good
They're not so bad. They're kind of like you know neither efficient or foul and then there are people who are real assholes
I'm gonna tell you people your you are whatever whatever the level of the assholes is you're so far beneath them
You're like the dingle berries on the record the lowest asshole on the food chain. That's what you are
So let me do a break here because we need to do a little business today
Which is I don't understand it how come yesterday we had like no business lots right Joe didn't want to much pressure yesterday
Eight minutes after ten I'll send it to Rick and Sud story and the real you're not gonna believe this
It is just so typical of this business and Pete Bolger the assassin
From here on in Peter Bolger will be referred to as the assassin in the radio business in this market from this day forward
And I'm sure won't be a first
Hey, the year-end scores are when I come and tell you for the last year
This this overhead by the way sucks today. We got a cranked down or they potch getting around with levels in here really
Close big time very sure it shows fault. No, it's not Joe's fault. Joe did a super superior job yesterday
By the way a dangling job not that you mentioned it
No, you ignorant slide
Riley stole my
I like the park in his face
That's for me Jake what gives him the right. Oh, I think his wife want to fight it off tonight
Rick Riley stole my
Distraint through the human race
You're a smock
And go bird sucks
That wheel of meat should also include Rick Riley's but oh oh oh oh
Riley stole my
I like a part in his face
This is Rick Wally you're an asshole
Yeah
Go
That was for real. I wonder whatever made him laugh like that. I looked up Hainey. Okay
Anyway, it's 1013 at 560 WDQM
So here's the real story behind the story on Rick and Studs over Super Talk Network
So evidently their contract was coming up by in January or February of this coming year in just a month or two and
Peter Bolger called Rick Wally in one day and said
Guess what you think you're gonna be here. Well, no, you're not
You're out. We're not gonna renew your contract. We have no interest. You better start looking around
And yes, we will let you come in and have one last show and say goodbye and blow it off your ass and whatever and that's it
And Rick said no
No
Well, I guess he went and off in the corner and talked for a little while and thought about it
Thought about actually going out and finding another job since I'm sure there's tremendous demand to them all over the country
And he finally came back another meeting with people during the came in practically weeping was it practically or was it that well whatever was
Weeping and said but you know, you don't have anything see what they were gonna do is they were gonna have another syndicate
These are the great programmers the people at queer channel who never met a chief deal that they didn't like
Who took W.I.O.D. and destroyed it now they're taking W.I.N.Z without the caller
It isn't so nobody knows what they are anymore stupid talk and destroying that too
Not that it's bad enough that they put that babbling idiot back on me after them
He's abroad. Yeah, right, Pich. He's abroad. She ought to be abroad like over in Singapore somewhere
I'd have to keep that cane her to death
But at any rate no seriously if you laugh like that and think before they came you for like about 20 consecutive hours until you stop the crap
But it ain't right so to make a long story short rick goes through a long careful song in an answer with the people
You're in well, you know, you don't have a morning show and people just says oh
Well, now that you mention it. Oh, yeah, and also here's the latest bullet in Mike churches fired over
And Tom Lycus is in super talk radio, which is allegedly
Stopped and now only has two local shows Rick and Todd's and Brooke
There you go two local shows. How do you like that?
And they got time don't like us on there. Oh my god
Talk about Desperados
Two local shows they've eliminated all the other local people on the year
So a queer channel once again doing what their famous home industry
We don't want to spend any money all we care about is have an 80 million patients in every market
And you know squeezing as much revenue as we can out of them and the screw the audience and that's what they've done
So at any rate a rick wildly cheerfully paid for the job back and the people just says okay
They're very much reduced you have to take a big cut and pay
And rick rightly said okay, and that was that
And that's the real story of how Rick and Todd's wound up back in the mornings on super talk
Instead of getting cad instead of not the being on there anymore instead of being on on the street on the beach
They are gonna be back in the morning January 4
Don't let anybody tell you otherwise because that is the ms that's right from the horses back. Don't you know mistake about it
So people are like I said the assassin
Continues destroying everything in his wake like a radio godzilla
No seriously and have you ever noticed the similarity? I think he looks a little like he looks like a cross between godzilla
And what's that god damn right wing congressman the balding guy from Florida that I can never think of his name with the glasses
The bdi bastard the one that's always forming at the mouth. Oh, I'm peach man. I'm peach man. Whatever's name is I can't think of his name
But he's he's like a cross between godzilla and that asshole. That's Pete Bolger
How do you sleep at night Pete you're such a chronic compulsive liar
I've never I've known so much. I mean lies in this business. We got plenty of liars in this building believe me
Wait till the guys over there. I'm charred in street find out about the new equipment
To be in the new studios upstairs. Oh, yeah. Oh, I shouldn't have said that
I don't want to burst your bubble, but
New equipment. Yeah, basically what they're doing is they're picking them up out of the toilet
And they're just taking all the same old crap and swinging it upstairs here
power 96 they got beautiful brand new state of the art equipment and is the qm crowd gonna get that no
No, are they gonna get the shaft? No, yeah, yeah, yeah, there's a wrong finger on the way. Yeah
They're gonna get it. They're gonna take the same old worn out tired beastly garbage and just took it upstairs
So they'll have new paint on the wall like George said and they'll be in a different facility which you know
And if my friend the exterminator who came in yesterday off the street shows up once in a while
Maybe we won't have the bugs in the ants in the roaches now you think you think he'll show up again. No
What does that tell you about this business when you have to go on the year and belly ache about bugs and ants and you have to get an
exterminator who out of the kindness of his heart comes in and the spritzes around a little bit. He was squirting and
He's squirting
Just because he felt sorry for us that this company is so god damn cheap. They won't hire an exterminator
And of course this being a non-union town to begin with you mean you have to put up with whatever kind of crap that they are dish out that's it
So there's a riccan trudge story there is chapter number one today
Let me dispense with the fk marting real quickly. Okay, kym art sucks Tom Cruise was right
I told you the story yesterday about how my toilet seat the little latch on the back whatever the henge broke
Okay, these things happen big deal planned out ceilessments. They could make him to last the lifetime if they wanted to but they don't
So yesterday I get out of here. I go over to kym art. Why did I go to kym art? I don't know because it's there
That that's why I don't have like no little mom and pop hardware stores in my neighborhood and
You know as far as going to builders square home depot
They're big gigantic. Yeah, they are it's a pin in the ass to go in those places for me
So I go into kym art and not realizing that it's a couple of days after Christmas and they are
Packed this is a start. It's usually empty by the way because malt Walmart open across the street and it's basically putting these people out of business
But they are packed. I mean they're lined up in there like they were giving away $50 bills to everyone except to the cash register
And I thought well, you know, I got plenty of time before the hockey game. I'll just hang out and though
I'll get my thing back there and I'll just wait how long they got away
So I go in the back way in the back as far in the back as you can go and they're in the hardware area. There are some toilet seats
But what do I know about toilet seats? Okay, I mean I look and here's one here's another one this color this
Okay, so finally I'm looking at the prices. I don't care about price you know me
When you make the big bucks. You're not like Jeff rumor. Okay. I'm not a kind of guy would go in and buy a used toilet seat like rumor
To save two bucks
So I go in here and I pick out a seat which looks to me like a toilet seat
It looks like maybe you know a shade that might come close to matching whatever the old woman. I go online
I'm standing there. I'm waiting. I'm and by the way you people online there at Kmart you people the cash years
They just don't care
They don't care she's taking her sweet time and it's like and of course all the glamour in there
They're buying next year's Christmas stuff now because it's all marked down 80 90% right after this Christmas
So they're buying all the decorations all the light bulbs which by the way, they could use one of those red lights for their got game last night
But nevertheless so they're lined up buying all this crap. I finally check out I go through the thing. I take it home
And being the very industrious person that I am I you know take the old one off the toilet
I unbracket the little the the plastic bolts. I take the new one out of the box. I said
I sit it on there and all of a sudden I realize
That compared to my toilet. This is like a baby toilet seat
Like for a baby ass
Not for a big fat ass like me
And it comes out like about three quarters of the way to the front over my toilet ends
Is this gonna work? No, no, am I gonna go back to came art to return this piece of direct? No, is it in my dumpster now? Yes
$10 dollars to say I knew something was gonna go down the toilet. It wound up being the uh toilet seat right down the toilet
So now I got to make another trip to builders square home depot George tells me one of these places and find a real toilet seat for a real human being with a real ass
Not some kind of a baby. You know what I'll give you another example. I went and
Uh, this is what you get for shopping at came art. Okay, and I'm admitting it
I went in there a few months ago all the traveling that I do and I bought myself because I like having a one piece
Luggage you know one one piece bag. I never checked baggage. That's the worst thing you can do when you do all the traveling that I do a one
Bag deal where it's big enough to carry everything you need
So I get a bag that's got of course to handle on the wheels
I mean you got to be a schmuck anymore to carry around a big bag in the airports
Only by the way they finally forgot to mention they finally got carts in Miami international last week
The last airport in the human race and it's only two bucks. What a bargain, huh
Every airport in Europe they have all the carts you want through all free
You know carts that you put your stuff on so you don't have to go get a hernia
Miami international airport we finally got 2400 carts and they're only two dollars a piece
What a bargain almost as much of a bargain as the parking and port water bill report
But at any rate
So let's be able where the hell was I got lost I'm in the middle of so many goddamn things going on here with the oh
Oh, yeah, so I get a bag and I take the bag home
I fill it up. I'm going on my trip wherever I'm going and I realize it's like a baby
The handle is down to like your knee you know, I'm talking about in other words it's too short
Everything it came art is too short
The toilet seat is too short the goddamn luggage thing is too short
Already got something that's too short. I don't need anything else that's too short
So if you want to come out up on the short end of the stick that's a good place to go is came art
I'll never ever go there again
They make me sick to my stomach and like I said, I'll have to want to go to Home Depot
Now next order of business today for we have a lot of business today. Oh, yes, we do you'd letter this morning
And on the outside of the envelope it says sun sentinel
And up above where it says sun sentinel is called nevans edit whatever it how that means
That's what it says
I'll open it up. Obviously. It's from the anxious buddy nevin
He's an asshole. Yeah, and it says December 22nd
It took quite a while to get here. Of course. He sent it to the Sheridan Street address. We're not on Sheridan Street. Okay, Puts Putsala
Mr. Rogers I have been told about your comments on the irregarding my column
Center one is a worthy charity, but remember one different
Not one difference one different between you and Wayne Heizinger
Heizinger reached in his pocket for a million dollars. You reached in your listeners pockets
Have a wonderful holiday season sincerely buddy nevans sun sentinel
A lovely letter at this holiday time of year. Well, let me say one thing about buddy nevin
He's an asshole. In fact, I think he and Pete Bolger are the same person. You know what I'm talking about
I think they're the same never saw him together
Anybody see them together? No, same person
You see I hate to break the news to you, but every year in fact this year
I donated my money up front so we can get the campaigns started
Because this company is too cheap. I'm like iod this outfit is too cheap to give a seed money to get the
CDs and the cassettes going and put up the front money
So I donated my $10,000 this year like I do every year. I don't expect the middle for it
They sent me a nice letter from center one. They're very grateful for it
And it's the least I can do for something that I'm trying to raise money for okay
And I've done this for several many years now many years whether it was Camilo sauce or center one
I've donated $10,000 every year
To whatever charity I was raising money for on the year
Now I realize 10,000 is an omitted but I'm figuring out mathematically based on what Wayne is worth his net worth or allegedly
And what my net worth is allegedly
That if I gave $10,000 for him to do the equivalent he'd have to give 10 million dollars
To charity not one million that would be the equivalent based on his net value of a billion dollars
Did he give 10 million dollars? No
Did he give five million? No
And not only that but you know something if he did give 10 million he's an asshole
He's still an asshole
So you can throw all the little shots and all the digs and not you know and not recognize or pretend you don't recognize the fact that I give as much as I can afford to air every year
And that we did raise over 125 grand and who knows it'll wind up 130 or whatever wind up you
You can continue avoiding to recognize that putting them in and the fact that you've got your tongue way deep inside Wayne hyping the rectum
That's okay. That's up that's up to you
Because the fact is if you went out and took a survey all around town
Regardless of what Neil Rogers said on the radio most people you would talk to in this town if you asked him about Wayne hyping
What would say he's an asshole that's right. That's what they would say
Regardless of how much money he's given a charity how many sports franchises he brought us
If he never stole a freight train a caboose whatever it would still say he's an asshole exactly
So there you go. I wets my case on that
I don't want to go and we forget that here's modern you rock column by that Howard deal
From the city link that's that's great
Want to see we do have some journalists in his town. The problem is they're not working for the so-called mainstream newspaper
So nobody reads their stuff
I got a lot to say about you panther people out there now
Get it out of my system once and for all today. It'll be a cleansing experience
It's the holidays and after this I won't have to burden the rest of you with it because I know 98% of you don't care about it in the first place
But last night, I mean just
Unbelieveable just astonishing
1026 at 560 WQM. He'll Roger's got
Brown
When your box that's right through the door
Brown
You know
I want to give you a kiss
Brown
The sun is shining, the sun is shining, the sun is shining, the sun is shining, the sun is shining, the sun is shining, the sun is shining, the sun is shining, the sun is shining, the sun is shining, the sun is shining, the sun is shining, the sun is shining, the sun is shining, the sun is shining, the sun is shining, the sun is shining, the sun is shining, the sun is shining, the sun is shining, the sun is shining, the sun is shining, the sun is shining, the sun is shining, the sun is shining, the sun is shining, the sun is shining, the sun is shining, the sun is shining, the sun is shining, the sun is shining, the sun is shining, the sun is shining, the sun is shining, the sun is shining, the sun is shining, the sun is shining, the sun is shining, the sun is shining, the sun is shining, the sun is shining, the sun is shining, the sun is shining, the sun is shining, the sun is
shining, the sun is shining, the sun is shining, the sun is shining, the sun is shining, the sun is shining like this, the sun is shining, the sun is shining, the sun is shining, the sun is shining, the sun is shining, the sun is shining, the sun is shining, the sun lights shining across all colour of this cooked dinner and in the morning light be of grateful service, and BLAAE
a Mont-ezleusful world 180 points, and Mont-ezleusful unter the br supporters of Company也 has heard the Friday night news.
always said okay make our day. There you go. They're just inviting us to blow them
into the stone age and we're saying okay whatever you like. Right. What's wrong with that?
So anyway you know Hank loves I mentioned this yesterday talking about the
factual errors in the herald. I think we could make we could have an encyclopedia
each year. That would be a great thing to come out with at the end of the year.
Here are all the factual errors that were printed as fact in the herald in the
last year. Probably fill up volumes and volumes and volume. But at any rate for
example today David Janiel and writing about last night's hockey game which
I'll get to momentarily. David Janiel talks about the laws got a goal and
this one did this. He said Mark Lawrence got the aisles to within one but the
goal the oler's wanted and didn't get was Marius Turekowski shot that
hit Birken mid-Sahabad et cetera. Well Mark Lawrence didn't get the oler's to
within one because after the score was two to nothing was that were they ever
within one during the entire game last night. No it was a two nothing that was
three nothing that it was three to one three to one. How can they have gotten
them to within one when the score at that point when Mark Lawrence got that goal
for the islanders was three to one David J. Shwell how is that possible do you
have any idea? No. Oh okay just another I mean it's not a big deal but just an
example of the kind of thought and the kind of care that goes into the
garbage that's written for news and your newspapers here especially the herald
which specializes in crap. Yes nice going David Janiel if you pay a little
more attention to what's going on out there and what you're writing as opposed
to being a militant whatever the hell you are you we all be a hell of a lot
better off for it. Now I don't know where to start next whether I should go to my
thing about this event we had last night. Nice call by the way Panthers. Nice
call Sean Burke. And did I tell you Ray Whitney is glad but they don't understand
they had no clue these people as a group have no freaking clue. It's like I'm in
some kind of a battle to prove something to people who just resisted if you
like vanilla ice cream great you eat vanilla ice cream I'll eat the fish
food okay and we'll all be happy. 23 years I've been in this town always like
way out there on a limb you're not part of the mainstream thank God thank God
who what does anybody want to be part of the so-called mainstream in this
place. No. In his outdoor funeral parlour. No. No I don't. Josh
Friedman at the game last night brings me thank you Josh almost redeem
themself for not paying any attention on our show yesterday brings me the
December 28th issue of the sporting news that's got Vinny Tessby Birdies picture
there on the front and on page nine if you happen to be one of those people that
reads the sporting news very timely the dance of the happy people and here's the
whole history of all these dances that these a goofballs do and have been doing
in the NFL for years now going all the way back to Elmo right to the Kansas
City Chiefs in 1973 and right on through to the funky chicken and the dirty
bird. There you go I'll get in that later. Nice going there Josh boy talk about
timely the dirty bird come on let's start doing the dirty bird right in the
middle of the show too bad we still don't have that whammy thing going on that
would have put us over the top. That's right it there's there's that Jew with a
Yamakan there's that old bag with a Yamaka doing the dirty bird I bet you
know there's no other fat old Jew with the Yamakan doing the dirty bird in the
entire universe. There you go. They'll be going.
Anyway getting well see first of all here's let me get to this 17,000
tickets still not sold this is for a playoff game the dolphins in the
builds the Saturday at P.P. Park ABC's telecast the Saturday's dolphins
builds playoff game at pro player stadium is in danger of being blacked out
locally is what it says. The dolphins sold 11,000 tickets Monday but is
of late in the afternoon about 17,000 tickets remained unsolved the blackout
deadline is 12 30 p.m. Wednesday meaning tomorrow but the dolphins are likely to
seek an extension and even if they do get an extension like till Thursday they'll
have till Thursday at 12 30 or one o'clock or whenever the hell it is and if
they're not sold out by then and if they have more than just I mean no matter
which their channel locally should the ABC so channel 10 are they going to buy
up like eight or 10,000 tickets. No of course not. I mean if it gets down to
a couple of thousand they'll buy them up like the other stations always have to
do so make sure it gets on TV and they can make the revenue from it. Now the
reason I mentioned that is because that should tell you and of course the fact
that the Huracun's are playing in this bogus this micron PC not to be confused
with the pool and weedwacker bowl game tonight and they're praying to have like
45,000 people in there. Can you imagine if you didn't have the Huracun's in
there. No. Can't even imagine what they'd have for this. What's nobody cares
about. It's part of the fact this is supposed to be such a big diet in the
whole sports town. Anybody believe that? No. So we go back to last night's game
in the Macarena. They I can handle the fact that the escalator was yesterday
working last night. No. I can handle that. Wasn't working. Okay. No problem. It
was raining out there. If there's a cloud in the sky the escalator don't work.
Okay. Big deal. You know I'm already I've already you know in spite of what
Rimmer promises me he's going to talk to Steve Dangerfield and this one's going to
talk to that one. They don't care that we can't see the goal light. There were
let's see there were six goals in the game last night and let me think five of
them were scored to my right. The shoot twice and they call it with the
panther shoot in the first and third period. Five of them were scored down there.
Did we ever see the goal light come on for any one of those goals? But you know
something they don't care. They don't care about the fans because they sold it
out. The place was rockin jam packed with people. The overwhelming majority. I'm
coming to work this morning and I'm trying in my mind to be fair. I'm thinking of a
number. I'm thinking of the experience their last night and I'm thinking to myself
a number. A percentage of ballpark number that I could determine of people who are
in that arena who understand the game who are knowledgeable fans who have some
idea what's going on who's opinion really means something is based on something as
opposed to those who are just assholes. 80% of the people in that place last
night haven't got a clue what that game is all about. So I'm saying 20% of us
20% understand the game. We appreciate the players who really count really who
really contribute something to the team and we'll give in game and they're 80% of
the people in there who might as well go to the WWF. That's why see my idea fell on
deaf ears. I still think it was the greatest idea in history. Save Baldy 30
more than 30 million dollars and just have a social club in there and we'll be
playing Gary Glitter. It will be Scream and Juck and Juck and Juck and Juck and
Jive and we'll be doing the dirty bird and the funky chicken and look at each
other off on the screen. We'll be on a cell phone. You know I should have
realized when John Van Beesbro came back because the first five years that we
had a team other there were two players that they knew the names of these fans
and I used the term loosely they knew bees are bees are well it's easy to say
bees are they knew that and they knew stews as easy to say that too stew they
knew him well he went away. So it came down to the point where all the only
player they knew was Beesbro basically that was it. I mean once once a while they
knew you know Eddie but it's kind of hard to go special ed special ed it's not
a real good chance it doesn't roll off your tongue really special ed doesn't
roll off your tongue real well. So I shouldn't know when he came back he was
filled out for you early this season and at least half if not more in fact
maybe it was the 80% of the people who are assholes in that joint maybe it was
those 80% who boot him and I have no idea why I still to this day can't figure
out why except for the fact that they know nothing and they have no class they
don't appreciate a great performance they don't know they don't know who's
doing well who's doing what and they don't care quite frankly because they're
too busy socializing including some of the people who are sitting in front of
me who showed up again last night who liked to hold their little kids up in the
ear in front of our face while the game is going on and who likes to talk to
their friends who come over and talk to them while the game is going on and
stand in front of you so you can't see what's going on I mean I went through I
don't know how many games a lot of games that I kept my mouth shut I didn't say
because I'm not one of those people at once that wants to start a big screaming
match during the goddamn stands I mean these people are gonna be there a long
time I'm sure and I'm gonna be there for a four more seasons so I'll be god
them if I want to have like a big saw an adense with people but Jesus Christ some
of us want to actually see the game we didn't just come there to smooth and
admire your little kids that you showed up very late in the first period and
left with about ten minutes left in the game and most of the time we were
there weren't paying any attention anyway what are you doing there if you want
to smooth there's a hallway out there there's a big beautiful palatial lobby
there's seating there's a food there's restaurant there's all kind of stuff
go out there and smooth your hearts can't death but don't stand in front of
other people's faces who want to see a goddamn game which we actually had
about seven or eight minutes in that game in a second and third period where
both teams were like actually somebody like somebody who let a goddamn match
under the rest anywhere back in port it was like a real hockey game for about
seven or eight minutes but to the people that show up there to the 80% of them
the you know nothing's they appreciate the guys that are really performing
well like Sean Burke is playing greatly the when they announce his name at the
starting line up is there any reaction no no when Ray Whitney scores one of
the most unbelievable goals one of the one on three an effort to like so
what you may see like once a year in the league do they appreciate that no what
do they like they like to be to they appreciate Paul laws and Bill Lindsay have
been on the team since the very beginning Lindsay with five goals in five
games and Paul laws the first goal in about 20,000 games but beats the crap out
of whoever he takes on is the real enforcer on this team do they appreciate
them no no there are no hero is the big black guy named Peter no yeah there you
go 80% of these people out of their mind they wouldn't know a hockey player if
he stuck his stick in their rectum twisted it till their kishkeys came out
1041 at 560 QA what is a Buffalo bill it puts the lotion in the basket you love
them it's Fraser on cheers you cherished him it's Fraser on Fraser now 17
time any winning and 38 time very for residing Chelsea grammar is delving into
uncharted territory with Chelsea grammar things very white if you don't mind my
saying so I feel that your love for the seat that which I can get enough of or so
is not to conclude by far with the preposition as a word of your love I cannot
get enough not since William Chatter's Lucy in the sky with diamonds and Pat
Boone's tutti fruity had there been such a torrid juxtaposition of an Anglo-oriented
song stylist interpreting otherwise enjoyable soulful melodic renderings pardon me
ma'am but when would be a convenient time for you and I to get it on oh yeah my
mojo is working I think it is plus if you act now we'll throw in at some
additional charge a free bonus track of Mr. Grammar's stirring windation of
ice case chat would you happen to be privy to the knowledge of who that African
American tech reviews for whom many of the young ladies have amorous feelings oh
yeah you're done so get Chelsea grammar things very white he makes very white
very white oh I really got my book a room working now mama watch me work all
right ten forty six and five sixty w two and so let's get back to those
knowledgeable panther fans in the rough session now you see this is the thing
that's frustrating me and I'm not going to change it like I said if you love
vanilla ice cream and I'm the only one on the whole arena that loves fish food
fine I'll stick with my fish food and you eat your vanilla and think you're
having a great time because that leaves more the really good stuff for me but
it's just astonishing to me that they announced the starting lineups and guys
who like are playing great guys who contribute guys who do something you could
hear a pin drop there that's the sound of silence
but every time this big black guy named Peter comes out there and steps on the ice
and believe me he contributes absolutely nothing
if we had a real good if we had like answered Carter it's got nothing to do with
his race it's not a racial thing if we had grandfuel in goal I'd say all right
there's a black guy who's a great player we had answered Carter we had my career
from Edmonton there's a guy who's a real player makes no difference whether he's
black or white but here's just a big goon with a G
who can't skate who falls down you know three four times
couple of shift early and again then all of a sudden we don't see him anymore for
a long long time now it's four to one after Whitney's growth that
unbelievable goal it's the third period now here he comes back out there again
and he elbows a guy four or five times and ahead the island of
defenseman he provokes him into a fight they drop the gloves and uh yeah
where L takes about four or five good shops in a post he gives one back and then he
falls on the guy to an actually whoever falls on top because the people here
think this is the WWF they don't really understand we're winning a hockey fight
is all about whoever falls on top he wins oh
the Croat goes a shot if you pardon that expression they go nuts
and now when he goes into the penalty box and I'm sure this was done for my benefit
you're not fooling me there's no way anybody can be this stupid there's a group
of assholes on the other side for me and they're going
Peter Peter
and we're looking at each other in my section like are these people out of their
mind yes are they nuts yes do they have any clue as to what's going on here no
see there is a guy who's an enforcer on this team our equivalent of like
tied dummy is paulas he's been here right from the beginning he's a
little player scored a goal last night by the way did Peter well score a goal
we're going to hold our breath till he scores one no no paulas good solid
defenseman he's the enforcer he's the guy that other teams fear as far as
fighting his concern he's a real fighter not just some guy who happens to be a
big ox who can't skate
and it's been this way for six years now no matter what I say it's like a
battle like I they're going to show me that they're smart on dumb I know
nothing when I talked about stewbar yeah you're full of crap Chris Wells the
spokesman chase he's got to be a superstar okay how's Chris Wells anybody
seeing him lately no no I talked about Marty Stracca oh you're wrong Doug
McLean he's a genius Marty Stracca he ain't no good
he's seen Doug McLean lately no yeah
so no matter what it is I say I know nothing and I'm going to try to convince
20,000 people out there that I'm the expert I don't care about being the
expert anymore than I care about whether they hey Neil you know I don't go
out there for affirmation for any of that I go out there to watch a hockey game
and all these people that come by all these villains of people hey Neil I've
your show I know they're listening are they learning anything no today do they
understand what they're seeing in front of their eyes no they they want to see
the WWF they don't understand what a real hockey player means they don't get it
there is nobody and I don't care what John David's
instead in a moment of ankle her it's a few weeks ago there is nobody in the
league who would define this guy as a hockey player and if these this crowd they
are obsessed with him obsessed in fact I think if we said okay we'll
trade away everybody else on the team and we'll just put him out there just to
fight the other day they go yeah there you go right that's right
they be in a frenzy they be squeezing themselves and each other
just a deprospect of it
so it's your comment no surprise that I'm the only one out of you know
20,000 people that find the grotesque that we can't see the red light when a
goal is scored or all the other technical they they got the sound
straight now last night there you go one at a time maybe by the year 25 25
that $200 million dollar limit out there we'll get that all straight enough
because I'm going there for a different reason than the majority of you people
are going there I'm going there because I'm a hockey fan oh yeah I'm sorry
excuse me I'm not there going out there to waste my time watching a bunch of
a bunch of bogus fights I've seen 80 million hockey fights and 99% of mark
crap they're nothing they're a bunch of bull crap is what they are
but to watch the way the crowd reacts just uh crap yeah
and that behavior last night that uh and and like I said yeah
Ray Whitney scored this unbelievable goal unbelievable he left this
kid burry Richter he left his jockstrap right there on the ice went right to
round him as he was as if he weren't there on a one on three there's no other
panther player the offensive zone he skates right around him go through the net makes
one shot and uh what's his name stops it kusano stops it and he's right there for the rebound
a Whitney stuff set in the short side and they're just unbelievable goal the
place should have erupted they should have given him a standing ovation they
announced the goal in my friend Sean was at the game with me last night notice he
stood up like there was going to be a standing ovation for Ray Whitney I didn't
stand up because I knew and boy his ass was back in a seat in a half a
second because he looked around to oops oops because the other 19 000 some
odd people in there they were all sitting on your ass
that's why you hear all these calls on this radio station oh damn merino sucks he's
there see that because the people in this town don't even know a good player they
don't know a good effort what do they know does anybody know what these people
know I don't know I've been here for 23 years I can't figure out what it is that
thing no no what do they know no
yeah seriously what do they know oh man
I mean it would be like sitting in the middle of a of a of a of a park and an elephant fall
you're sitting in the middle of the central park in New York and there's 500 people
sitting around you and an elephant falls out of the sky and you say oh my god it's an elephant
and they say oh no it's it's a bunch of thousand dollar bills
and you're saying well jeez I guess the other 499 people can't be wrong it looks like an elephant
to me but it must be a bunch of money why do I get so agitated and so frustrated and you know
what's the point is it ever going to change of course not they could have a team here for 500
years and they're still not going to learn anything about it and like I said before the people
that are sitting there who want to get in everybody else's way and a lot of come over in shmuz
you've got all this time before the game you've got time in between periods you've got time
after the game go out there on your cell phone talk to each other don't stand in front of people's
faces maybe the few of us who really are interested in watching what's going on I know that's a
it's a revolutionary concept in this town that somebody could go to a sporting event and actually
be interested in seeing what's going on out there I'm not impressed by everybody holding their
little kids up in the air in front of my face I don't care there's a million little kids there
in the arena you want to see them look up on the screen up there they're all jukin and driving
and they're doing the dirty bird great they're having a good time fine but when you look up on the
screen it doesn't block you view of what you supposedly pay the sea out there which is a sporting
event and you hear this air everywhere you go in this town people go to see live theaters
they go to see a play they go to see a concert and people are like rude they leave early they
stand up in front they don't care about anybody else why do you think the driving is the way it is
here I'm the only one out here don't you understand don't interfere with my drive my road and my
this is my time now don't interfere with me you've got some goddamn nerve
boy it it's just it's astonishing it looks to me just like a goddamn big elephant but it's money
it's pennies from heaven pennies from rumor
and these people man trying to convince them of it that's and that's why you hear no hockey talk
that's just an issue but in this whole radio station maybe three calls a week maybe at most
because how can you possibly discuss something intelligently when you haven't got the
foggiest idea what it's all about
and I try to be fair I'm not a big Sean Burke fan to say the least but the last couple of weeks
he's played great sensational he was spectacular last night except the one greasy goal I went into
was like in the din count anyway because Lance Roberts food the whistle too soon thank God but
nevertheless he played great give credit where credit is due what is it that these people see
out there and like I was talking yesterday you can't fool me about this issue okay because white
people and especially out there in sunrise what have we got we got upper middle and upper class people
for the most part white almost all white they love seeing a big black guy go out there on their side
on their team and their neighborhood but beaten the crap out of somebody else they're going
oh you go get him Lee Roy alright go boy
it's 10.56 happy new year from 5.60 WQAM this is 5.60 QAM
the Neil Roger show now on 5.60 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale I want to bang in the butt honey
I know someone that can do something with your tools
eight months that skinny chick the skin is chick I know your future's bleak that heroin
chic you got to lay off the blow eight months that skinny chick we want to know what's the deal
the clothes and trap when you're in rehab your worst than alley Mcbeale it's 11 o'clock at 5.60 WQAM
we got to Hank at sporting bruise at 2 o'clock six o'clock tonight we got Kimba and Defoe at the
ballpark to try to generate some interest in the what is it the micron PC pull and weed back
to bowl you of them and some other bogus rules team that's at 7.30 WN have that for him I'm
sure that you're just be a gathered round the radio won't you deny no okay let's do a mobile
in Fort Lauderdale hello hello yes sir this is Tom first time call I couldn't agree with you more
on this I was at the game last night yeah it's gotten to the point where I almost not even
enjoyable I took my mother first game ever can't barely speak English she's one of the one of the most
interested people in the game that was sitting around me yeah it's unbelievable what's going on
over there they just have no interest and they're schmoosing and they're talking and they're
standing standing by the way the usher is up there I do a pretty crappy job of keeping people out
of those aisles while the game is going on I know no one has that business standing in the
house talking to people blocking your view while the game is going on no one has any respect and
Paul Laws scores the first goal since 1996 right nobody knows what the crap's going on they don't
even they don't get into it until the big black guy comes out there then they're foaming at
the mouth they're squeezing themselves they're wiping themselves they're just they're foaming at
them up I don't know what it is with these people the guy can't even skate he came in hand of the stick
he's a hot thing like my miniature pincher was a god damn brain surgeon it's just this gotten uh
you know I was sitting there last night I couldn't believe it as it says my mother doesn't even know
it's damn thing first hockey game ever she's the one rooting and and choosing and I'm like you know
I was I was impressed with her and I got all these people around me didn't even know if the hell icing is
yeah you know they want to look at on the cake to see if they can find it yeah but I couldn't
agree with you more neon it's this town uh god it's a fantasy land it's no man's land is where we are
in no man's land mr well if they didn't put the name to the people up there with score they
putting in no who scored yeah I mean that's how bad I feel like I'm sitting ovation for Ray
Whitney I'm one of the most beautiful goals of the entire season that that'll be on every highlight
real they'll be showing that all year long and these people are like sitting on their hands because
he's not big and black I guess let me tell you I like you know every time we score I'm I'm standing
up cheer I'm looking around as nobody I mean I don't even think days the people around me know
that with that we scored well they're too busy playing grab us have a great new year pal
you too thank you okay there you go there's one guy that's got at least some clue we have an
open line in the Broward all three and day they're a little slow here today five six seven
oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T while the fun well maybe I was going on a little bit
there okay that's why they're slow okay maybe they figure it's motor mouth today well I got a lot
of stuff to cover I still haven't gone into this the dance of the happy people yet the funky chicken
with the merton of hanks and the California quake and the boxer and the icky shuffle and the
right way with Elmo right got the whole list here from the sporting news thanks again Josh
Freeman you're okay even if you did lose 600 pounds five six seven are these day lines working
yet today or what have we got another round yeah they're working looks okay to me five six seven
oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T where I'm just checking here's a mobile and Hollywood hello
nail god yes sir you know my exact sentiments along with you you know look we don't need another
enforcer on this team we've got laws we've had them for a long time this team doesn't have an
off half this team doesn't have enough talent on it to have two enforcers on it whoever heard
this such a thing what in the world do we need this guy out there he's just worthless he doesn't
bring anything to the team well how come when but you know what's going to happen here today the
guy that called a minute ago and you that's all I'm going to hear from today the people the other 80
or 90 percent of the people that are having orgasms over this guy they won't call and tell us what
that's all about what they're so excited about you don't win hockey games by fighting
well no first certainly about look first of all in this hot run the team said winning five or
the last seven games he has had nothing to do let me say it again nothing to do with the success
of winning any of those games nothing the only thing is about laws is that he's become such a
fine defenseman I think that you kind of hate to see him go out there and take a penalty and be
off the ice because he really does play real good day yeah you know better better than he did
like day even they last year they don't know from him they get they get somewhat emotional when
he gets into a fight but other than that but when the big black guy comes out there these people lose
it baby they're out their minds and was that sweet we Whitney deep deep and get his own rebound
absolutely absolutely anything it would have been nice if we could see the red light out of that
end because he had a wait until he puts a stick up in here in a celebration he gave us about
at least oh I don't know four or five different looks at it yeah it was sweet nail it really was
yeah well thank god he got a sitting levation our damn fans let me ask let me switch gears here
the word fans in the history of the human race they're right here top four to the worst let me
ask you about this acting thing I've been on it for almost a month now and because I'm too
cheap to buy the damn book but it's been fantastic I mean I've lost probably about 15 pounds I feel
good no disappointing part is I don't have gas anymore for some reason really just wait a while
when can you add the damn fish food into the dog in the year 25 25 I'll call you I'll let you know
I'll show you how many else thanks well I got the phone have a happy okay open line is
browned all three and they they're very slow this morning come on are we gonna hear from
many of these people out there the other 80% they have the balls to call and tell me what it is
or maybe we're missing something out there maybe I'm just stupid maybe I'm an old
funny that maybe I am missing something out there are they gonna call and let us know what it is
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line Peter Peter Peter
I'm embarrassed for I'm more embarrassed for those people than I am for what's his name that
I heard this more than our Thomas which I heard about the last two minutes of that the
suck acid review on the worst thing this morning here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale hello
yes sir yeah I'm waiting to talk to you you're speaking to him sir oh hey you know I want to
let you know that you're talking about the red light they got it every goal now they show it on
TV the goal with the cage around it the goal light they show it every single goal now
you know I don't care what they're doing on TV the fans who are in the stands sitting on
on the whatever side I'm on you can't see it that's who one more thing we got to have the best
checking line in the NHL with uh mixed Lindsay and Marlowe they're just playing so hard right now
great last night yeah he didn't get any credit but he's played real well last time Lindsay got
five goal and if you were if you were to go in a crowd ask who Alex fixes what number he is they go
uh who yeah exactly right this coil down it that's why I don't even go to the game is just more
enjoyable at home I believe me believe you're getting a much better view anyway you don't have
anybody standing up in front of your head and if you do you have to double mount okay down have a
written here we have an open line at day one and Broward five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty on seriously I just don't understand how people can be so god damn into themselves and so
rude as to stand there in front of you I mean it's not like somebody just had a hard attack and
crumpled in front of you or something or like they had a medical emergency they're standing they're
schmoosing and they know you want to see the god damn game and they still don't care
and then after after like I said if you do a bunch of jarrations and finally start looking really
agitated like you're about to open your mouth and start screaming then they finally like kneel down
but they have to continue their conversation which can't which is much too important and of course
they're talking to people that are paying their attention to the game anyway that are doodling
their little kids for like two and a half hours I don't get it why are you people there why do you
show up I am and you know something just figured it out they are there they're there to annoy
the rest of us they the twenty percent of us that really are into it and really want to see it
they come there just to piss us off and they're doing a great job yes thank you
here's a mobile invoker hello you know I have an interesting thing here has anybody seen Chris
Wells and Peter were all at the same time together yeah I think he's just doing a black face
I think that's what it is they they they they don't they were so embarrassed that they had to take
them and dress them up and and you'll recall when I was on your screaming about that grotesque
trade which wasn't just due Barnes by the way it was also Jason will he was playing great for buffalo
when it went after that trade and and all this all these so-called fans got on the side oh yeah Chris
Wells is great we believe the lay Brian Murray and remember it was up there oh it's a standing
ovation he finally got to go a standing ovation like that there's not a standing ovation for
every goal I mean just embarrassing himself with a ton of so far up Brian Murray's vector who is
embarrassing at least with the standing part at least he could stand he came stand on
face no but seriously what doesn't am I the only person who is shocked by this psychotic reaction
to Peter will rel what is that all about it what is it quote the equivalent of Eddie when Eddie
was getting in all the fights a couple years ago Eddie Eddie now it's Peter Peter it's uh it's the
the play of Dejore what's who we're gonna root for today I believe no no you're the night I don't
think so I the I mean this is like a steamroller this is gaining momentum they're obsessed they have
they have Peter blow up the house see I prefer myself I prefer myself Peter North they like Peter
or L okay I mean you know you pick your own Peter I guess Peter's pepper picked a we have an
open line is brown it five six seven how's that called Peter's Piker peck uh by however it goes
better slow down because you get a lot of trouble with that thing and don't be saying the peckers by
the way nine minutes after eleven at five sixty WQF five way buddy bus that looks pretty good
in my perspective hey so the radio station now the future is in town boy we've been talking about
hi sons ever since cops pulled out now we'll work for Texas the fifth million and okay
like we need more hair yes you guys think that it's a bummer when bell and rees gone are you
oh
again Christian she can
You want to change the stations, letters, the WGOT.
Now we'll work for breakfast.
We've got a new song.
We're gonna work for breakfast.
Have some breakfast, sign on the ground.
Yeah, buddy Bugsdont looked pretty good in retrospect.
He was an asshole before.
Was he great compared to Queer Channel or what?
Oh, wow.
As the assassin just running loose.
And of course, isn't that interesting to see
Pete Boulders checkered parents.
It was God Gannett broadcasting.
He was their hatchet man.
And then they sold that outfit to a Paxon.
He was their hatchet man.
And now it's Queer Channel.
It doesn't make any difference.
He's still the assassin is what he is.
Okay.
Roaning other people's lives.
Destroying the Alistair's listing habit.
Doing whatever he can to inject his special brand of craft
into the radio business.
And doing a super job by the way, Pete.
I'm really doing it, baby.
Here's a mobile invoke.
Hello.
Hi, Neil. How are you?
Okay, sir.
I was sitting in the section last night directly across the ice
from your section.
Right.
And I saw that woman in the aisle and that
Thomas colored pantsuit talking to the friend
just in front of you.
And I said talking with a lot of crap.
Yeah.
And I said, oh my God, but I can't tomorrow you're gonna be...
I was in the middle of...
No, listen, first the husband comes over.
Obviously, these people are friends or acquaintances,
whatever of these very important people who sit in front of me.
Won't you be five or six games.
First, the husband comes over and he's standing there.
And then he finally crouches down when he realizes,
yeah, I'm starting to get really agitated.
And then as soon as he puts his ass back in the seat over there,
she comes over and she pulls the same routine.
What did that we barely say?
Exactly.
There you go.
And then I don't know.
I wouldn't think the fire by wasting my finger to put that thing
on the computer.
Okay.
Because if the bunch of crap is what it is.
I don't know, but when Peter Wurl got in that fight,
did I see a juvenile drive right after that?
Who was doing the funky chicken, I think,
a little bit very briefly.
I did a little merton gangster, I think.
And then now from my side of the ice,
I can see the gold light.
Because you know why, you see,
they have the same, instead of having it screwed in straight up.
Yeah.
It screwed to the side.
So that's the side of the ice where you are.
That's where it screwed in.
So no wonder you can't see it.
How difficult, I mean, I know the first game that I was there,
we saw it go on in the LA game once.
It was only once, but nevertheless it went on.
How come it was working in the early part of the year for a couple of games,
and then all of a sudden they tilted it to the angle.
And now they can't fix it.
It's not acceptable.
Don't they understand it is not acceptable?
And if I'm the only one that keeps screaming about it,
I'm going to keep screaming.
I want to see the guy in gold light when a goal is scored.
And now the part where we're sitting,
you and Whitney got the rebound.
Okay, because Kuzinou came out of the net,
and he stuck it in behind him on the short side.
But there was no way to see it from where I was sitting,
and only when he put a stick up of the air started celebrating
that we reacted to it was a goal.
What kind of a bull crap show is this that these people are putting forward?
And they're still packing a place because these people don't care.
They don't know the difference.
Well, I'm going to eat them a bunch of tickets.
They don't know.
The lady sitting next to me from where we were sitting,
you can see that light that goes on.
You know when they go to a commercial or that.
Yeah, the pink light.
So the pink light goes on.
She says, do we score a goal?
Yeah.
I said no, it's a commercial.
Yeah, but at least you can see that one anyway.
That's good.
That's a start.
All right, Neil.
Well, get rid of those people in front of you.
Do something about them there.
They're, they're annoying just to give you off the aisle.
Okay, pal.
All right.
Have a happy new year.
Oh, God.
How come there are so many assholes in this world?
Inconsiderate assholes.
And they all decided to move to South Florida.
We have an open line at date, 5667-0560-050560
on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Pembert Pines.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah.
I just kind of mentioned the sports thing.
I mean, I'm not the other 80%.
But I'm not a true South Florida sports fan.
But I've noticed this.
I've gone in the games.
And all they do is get drunk and fight,
especially at the dolphin games.
They don't pay attention to what goes right.
They just fight each other.
Because there's other fans there.
And they just don't seem to understand that they have a playoff caliber team
who was their support when a coach has to go on to the newspapers
and plead for fans to cheer.
You know, there's a problem.
There's a big one.
And I mean, I may not be a dolphin fan,
but, you know, it's your hometown team.
If you're going to go to the beginning,
there's no reason just to get drunk and then drive into a tree.
No, that's what they went there for.
You don't understand.
Rick Sanchez taught them that a few years ago.
Go get drunk.
Oh, yeah.
Get drunk, drive.
And hit any object that gets in your way, right?
Just like it as hard as you can.
Uh-huh.
It's just a horrible situation.
And the panthers, I mean, I don't, I was against getting a hockey team
to begin with because I still don't care.
All these people said, oh, great hockey, hockey.
Now, now, you know, they start.
We got 18, 19,000 people in game.
What are you talking about?
They're packing a joint.
They're making ball.
They always money, but.
No one gives it down.
Well, they don't care about the game,
but they're showing up anyway.
They're making us money fast.
They just want to be the store.
They don't contribute too much.
And Buddy and Evans can write 20 columns about them next year.
I don't know, but I really think we should do something.
I'm going to be cut off the sports for a year or two and see if people care.
Okay.
Sounds good to me.
Have a great day in New York now.
There you go.
We're living without the NBA.
Uh-huh.
So far, if we heard from one of those people,
one of those big Peter Rural fans to explain it to us,
have we heard from one?
No.
I mean, we're talking 80 to 90 percent of the people who just erupt,
who get spastic.
I mean, I'm telling you, I saw one guy.
I think he was giving himself a very,
I'm an enemy there understands.
He was so excited when that fight broke out.
In a totally meaningless, I mean, the score is four to one.
We got the game in a bag.
I mean, it said to no stress.
And this guy's like squeezing it in the bag too.
Two open lines in date, five, six, seven,
oh, five, 60, pound, five, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Why do I go through these same exercises when I know they're not going to call?
Because they know they don't know what they're talking about.
How can you different something when you don't even understand what they're
talking about?
We like the big spires right there.
We got the big niggs.
Yeah, that must be it.
That's got to be it.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing, sir?
Okay.
Happy New Year to you.
And the same to you, sir.
I'm talking hockey with you, Neil, because you know what you're talking about.
What kind of a, what are you on the speaker phone?
Actually, no, I'm on a normal phone.
You're on a normal phone?
It's got a reverb on it.
I don't know why you're getting revered by apologized.
Yeah.
I just wanted to call you and let you know I didn't go to the game last night.
I'm originally from Chicago.
We have one of the worst hockey teams in the National Park.
Absolutely right.
What's the path that's been beaten in twice in the weekend?
Which we play in every week, yes?
And we still have fantastic fans over in Chicago, though.
Way different than the fans down here.
Well, that's, this is not Chicago.
I'm sure you're well aware of that, sir.
Oh, that's not Chicago.
Absolutely.
This is not Detroit.
This is not Toronto.
This is not Montreal.
This is South Florida.
This is the land of the lost.
I think they have absolutely no knowledge of hockey down here, unfortunately.
I don't understand why you don't sit in the press box, and they'll, they would be the best seat.
Because I don't want, because I have great seats.
I don't want to sit in the press box.
The press box is 50 miles away.
Well, he wouldn't have all this, uh, way.
You know, it's, sir, you know something.
If, if, if I, I'm, which, I can't stand your phone.
It sounds like you're under water.
If, if I'm going to continue screaming in the oven like this, or if it, that doesn't do it.
I'm going to start telling these people about which I have no problem telling.
They're facing, even though creates an ugly situation and a real confrontation.
Or then I'm just going to go to the Oscars and say, look it.
I got some assholes down here who don't respect the fact that we want to see the game.
And they're standing up in the aisle.
And it seems only to happen or at least usually to happen when the people who were there last night,
who are there, thank God only once every five or six games with their two little punky kids,
taking up, uh, they got, they got four people in two seats.
Which is a hell of a nice deal, by the way.
How does that work?
You have a kid. How does that work when you used to take Sabrina when she was like a little girl?
How does that work when you like, uh, go to an event up to a certain age.
You don't have to buy a ticket for them if they're not going to occupy a seat.
If they're going to be sitting in the back, they sit in your lap.
They get in the front.
Up to a certain age like a very, very little tiny kids.
They're like, I don't know two, three years old, a little kid, three or four.
I forget what the cutoff point is.
It's a per place.
Everybody has their own set of rules about who you have to buy a ticket.
So in other words, you can bring in all the punky little kids and hold them up in the air and, uh,
poop all over what, uh, it's not in a kid's are bad, by the way.
These are not rowdy crying and then nothing wrong with the kids.
These kids are pretty well behaved, we're like little kids.
It's the parents that need to be slapped around a little bit.
We have two open lines in date, five six seven, oh five, 60,
five, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile and pompano. Hello.
Neil. Yes, sir.
Just came back from St. Louis and went to a hockey game.
St. Louis and Detroit.
What a great game.
St. Louis, right?
Game.
Oh, what is it?
What game did you go to because they tied?
No, that no last Saturday night.
Oh, I see.
You have St. Louis one.
Yeah.
And the fans are unbelievable.
The buschers were incredible.
I mean, you don't even have a chance to go to your seat unless there's no action.
Right.
And another thing I want to say all.
Here's up there at the Macarena.
You're doing a piss poor job.
Okay.
You're doing a crappy job.
You're letting people stand around in the aisles and block everybody's view.
While you're busy up there playing grab ass with the security cops up there.
I'm going to stick my guy with a fanny pack on him.
Go ahead, sir.
Another thing.
I'm down here in Hollywood on federal highway.
Yeah.
These jackass and 80-in-tours drive so bad I just want to run it.
Yeah, I will go ahead.
Of course, they don't care.
They got those crappy old cars.
They don't care.
I don't think they know what the gas pedals for.
Can I call someone to do some back?
They know their gas.
Now go ahead.
Dave, the interior guy.
You are a douchebag.
Okay.
Watch out for his interior.
Okay.
See you.
We have an open line of day one and Broward.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
By the way, our poll question today.
Did anybody ever hear of an African Canadian?
Anybody ever heard that?
No.
Because Peter will rail speaking in by the way.
He's Canadian.
Very articulate guy.
We had Kevin Weeks on the team for a while there.
The goalie who wanted too much money, we said,
bye bye.
And he was like the Hameen or something.
Very articulate.
Let's spoke kind of like with the British accent.
Very bright guy.
And this goes back to what I was talking about yesterday.
And we had these calls from guys,
oh, well, I'm an African American.
I hate to break the news to you.
I don't want to burst your bubble.
I know you've been propagandized by the white bureaucracy
here in America.
But the fact is, there is no such thing as an African American.
Any more than I'm a Polish American or a Russian American,
because my ancestors, a couple of generations ago,
may have come from those countries.
And then like there's no such thing as an African Canadian.
You'd never, you'd be laughed off the streets if you said that up there.
Used to be a black Negro.
Then it was black.
Black wasn't good enough.
Then, oh, well, you're an African American.
And then, of course, that engendered all of these African names.
And like I said, the white majority loves to continue doing this to black people
because it makes them think that they're really,
and instead of being part of the mainstream,
and if you can be a part of the mainstream,
and still have your own cultural things,
like Italians in America,
they still eat plenty of pasta,
and they still go back to the old country if they can,
and then they still have holidays that they may celebrate,
like Gwendo's birthday or whatever the holiday is.
So it's like the lettuce pickers down in South-Aid.
You know, they may celebrate Cinco de Mayo, right?
All ten of them.
Don't you understand what I'm saying?
You can have an ethnic festival,
but this idea that there's some cultural difference between blacks and whites is unacceptable.
It's a propaganda, it's bullcrap.
It's a bunch of, that's right.
That's being foisted over on black America to keep black people in their place.
And, you know, and I'm the one that's going to say it,
but you white people out there,
you're not going to admit that you like seeing a big black guy out there
getting into fights and beating the crap out of everybody else.
That's what that Peter Ralph phenomenon's all about.
Ben Cotes, get away from the ball, mother f***ing thing.
That's right, that's what it's all about.
And you just don't have the balls, you don't have the co-hones to come on here
and tell it and express the way you really feel about it.
Because you're hypocrites.
You're a bunch of goddamn limousine liberals is what you are.
Watch a horseball phoneies, man.
And guys go out there and they do a good job for you to do a great job.
And you sit on your hand, oh, who's that?
Yeah, he's okay, he's putting on you.
Man, don't ever expect, it's like this thing with a center one, a fundraiser.
I've been telling you, I've been really mean to this and I learned it years ago.
Don't ever do anything in this time expecting you get credit for it or pat on the back
because it's highly unlikely that will ever occur.
It's 1126, it's 560 WQAM.
This is 560, QAM.
It's state!
In Miami town,
it's 560 WQAM.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
It mixes it all up.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
It puts them both together.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
When the eyeball falls out, it puts the lotion in the basket.
But it has to hold it out.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
It's what I have to get.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
It needs to rub it on my brain.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I have to dry clean my skin so it can put the lotion in the basket.
I said, dog, dog!
I switched my baby in my legs, I said, dog, dog!
I like to dance around this way.
For me, for the lovesquate today, I said, for me,
I want to look for like a wolf.
My name is Pablo Bill.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
It makes it more basket.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I hold my PPE and it puts the lotion in the basket.
How much does it grow?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I got my skin so it's going to go like this.
I'm going to put the lotion in the basket.
I'm going to put the lotion in the basket.
I'm going to put the lotion in the basket.
By the way, what's the number one thing you can think about American like culture?
It's 11.31 at 5.60 W to QM.
Oh, and that lady, I was just going to go to Rinchie Hangup.
I was just going to put her on and she had disappeared.
I only like that bitch, huh?
Open line and date with that bitch just hung up 5.67.05.60.
I only saw that tweet heart.
Here's a mobile in Hollywood.
Hello.
New York.
Happy New York.
And say me, sir.
Oh, hopefully.
I love the pants as I love going to the games.
I can't follow it to music anymore.
Yeah, it's loud.
Not as worse.
It's not as bad as it was in the beginning, but it's still annoying.
And you know something, they never give you a breather.
In other words, as soon as one thing stops, they start something else.
They never give you like 30 seconds to kind of lay your eardrums roll back into place
and get your brain unscramble.
They never give you a breath.
Yes.
I know.
It really sucks.
I wish there was something that could do about it.
I think it's louder now than it was in the beginning.
No.
No.
I'm sitting closer to the ice now.
So maybe it's re-bubbering off the ice or so.
It's just a thing about the Peter O'Rourrell.
I guess my own philosophy on it is.
It's one of the few places where you can go to watch a black guy beat the crap out of a white guy.
And his sentence is five minutes.
Mm-hmm.
I mean, I don't know what else I could think.
Is there one cheer?
Is there one of these?
Well, nobody will tell me.
I mean, you were there last night?
Yeah.
Okay, and you saw the psychotic, the hysterical reaction with this guy who does absolutely nothing.
He can't skate.
He can't pass.
He certainly ain't going to score any goals.
And the reaction to him would be like the savior just came out of the clouds.
It was weird.
What I didn't see was what promoted.
Because I'm watching.
I just looked like he tore off on a guy.
I couldn't hide it and see.
Yeah, he was behind the bone.
Okay, your phone is crapping out.
It was right in front of me.
And he elbowed the guy through your four times and precipitated a fight.
And you know, that's what they wanted to see.
But I mean, the reaction.
And Peter, Peter, these are comes back here.
They're bull in them.
This guy who can't play the game worth of crafts.
They were cheering him like he did the second and third coming.
Okay?
Squirt, squirt.
We have an open line and Dave won him part.
Have we still heard from any of those 18, those 99% of the people?
No.
Of course not.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, and 05, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Spinalist jellyfish.
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
How about Trit, the hair helmet lot.
Denying that he had spoken to the white guy.
Okay, great.
Okay, we have two open lines and Broward in one and Dave.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60 and Pomp 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
Here's a mobile in Miami Beach. Hello.
Hello Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how are you?
Please bear with me.
I have a little bit of a cold.
But nevertheless, yes.
But nevertheless, hey, I just returned from Europe with my wife first time there.
We started in Paris, which I either stand.
I, exactly.
Yeah.
Although we liked it.
But then again, it was our first time.
We're impressed.
And then we went to Spain hoping to go to Italy next time.
But with Spain had a marvelous time.
Where did you want Spain?
We went to Barcelona.
Or Barcelona.
We went to Seville.
How was Barcelona?
Barcelona is beautiful right on the Mediterranean.
We had a great weather, great food, great drink.
But more importantly, the people are human beings.
I mean, just people are friendly.
Everybody talks, see, I want to Madrid.
And that was a ban in Paris in Spain.
Everybody says you should never have gone to Madrid.
Because it's like going to Domino Park, you know, a bunch of crusty old spics.
You should have gone to Barcelona.
It's what they say.
Well, we went to Madrid also.
And we enjoyed it.
We enjoyed the sight trips more than Madrid itself.
We went to Toledo, to Góvia.
But I have to tell you, just the lifestyle is incredible.
Different world.
It's a different world, you know.
Different world, different priorities, different attitudes.
And the landscape is not full of neon lights.
Right, no strip shopping malls.
There you go.
Oh, man.
Amazing.
Most dog rascals outlet mall.
I just want to let you know that I got about you
because you are absolutely correct, sir.
Well, wait till you get to Italy next time.
We will be going soon.
We will be going to the real world, is.
Okay, pal.
New year in Neil, bye-bye.
And back to you.
We have an open line of Dave 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless one.
Is I continue banging away, pounding away, begging, screaming, squeezing.
Will I get one call today from what I'm looking for?
No.
Of course not.
Let's talk about the funky chicken and Merton hangs from the 49ers.
Okay, do you want to talk about that?
No.
So, again, I'm out there on the limb,
but I know what I'm saying is true.
I know what I'm talking about.
There are a lot of things, a lot of areas where I know nothing.
For example, finance.
I'm the worst, the worst person I could have made so much money in a stock market
in the last two, three months if I had any balls or brains that I have neither.
None.
You just, you know, you get into that panic back in October.
Oh, my God.
And you start realizing, hey, this is gambling, baby.
You've worked all your life to accumulate whatever money you got.
And it's gambling.
And you sit there and you look at IBM sitting there, it was down to like, what,
80, 90 bucks a share and out to 180.
And you look at AOL and it's found to be 76 now to 158.
And these stocks are going up 20 and 30 and 40 points today.
It's gambling, baby.
So when it comes to that stuff, I know nothing.
I'm the kind of person quite frankly who'd be better off letting my money sit in the God damn a CD,
like the old Farts do.
Seriously, just accumulating whatever little interest I can get.
And not to play this other bull-crab game.
Because I don't know anything about it.
But when it comes to the things I'm talking about here today,
and what comes to this business of the, the jivest you can enjoy, and white America sitting back and saying,
look at that jivest nigger.
That's what they're saying.
That is what white America is saying with this crap.
And don't give me this bull-crab.
Oh, it's cool, man. It's cool. Yeah, right.
Cool is a frog.
Hard, okay?
The dirty bird and the funky chicken and the Jim berries of the world.
By the way, Jim Berg, it's sliced up greatness column, which I'll either read later.
Maybe I'll save it for tomorrow.
It's too good to gloss over.
Congratulations to Howard Beale, whoever you really are.
It's CityLink. Here's Mudden Urile.
One of the great columns ever written in this town.
December 23rd, 98 issue of CityLink Magazine.
North Miami, hello.
Yes, Neil.
Yes, sir.
You the first person I've ever heard said that and you make so much sense.
About what?
About African-American.
There's no such thing.
I know.
And I've been through years.
I'm black.
How many black guys do you know or black people who have born in Africa?
We're here now.
I know.
And this is what I've been telling my wife and for years.
I said listen, there's no such thing.
I say you are your background is German.
I don't hear you saying you're German-American.
Right.
So you know why should we have this?
This is just another way that the white establishment and other thing they've an invention of theirs
to create this, to perpetuate this division of the races in this country.
May you so right, me.
I like to say if you're Neil as a gold boy.
Okay.
All right.
You go, Leroy.
All right.
Go white boy.
Go crack your boy.
Go, Jew boy.
We have an open line today.
Boy, how come we got a piece so bad?
Maybe it's because I'm breaking 20 or 30 of these diet sodas here today.
That could be it.
I'm going to start peeing in the cup, I think.
No, seriously.
It's too long to walk down a hallway.
And by the way, when we do, if and when we finally do get up on the third floor there,
and we get the whole QA, I'm still going to come down here and use the TV down here.
What are you laughing about?
That light saw was expensive, man.
You think I'm going to use the same toilet seat upstairs as some of those people over there using?
I don't want to mention no names.
Oh, the old way Jose.
Oh, I'll leave him out.
Here's the Helen Dale.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes.
This is a live one.
So I'm from Helen Dale.
Yeah.
Not an old dead fishback.
I want to ask you a question.
It's not like somebody in Helen Dale.
Oh, come on.
Yeah, listen.
Get with it.
I want to ask you a question.
And a voice like that, you're telling me to get with it.
It's not like, you'll do it on the hill.
Let me ask you a question.
Yeah.
First of all, do you know that the Brian Craig is going to run for mayor of plantation?
Well, guess what?
We don't care.
Okay.
See, there is a hint in Helen Dale.
We don't care about Brian Craig.
We don't care about WFTL.
We don't care about whatever that station is.
That's, uh, Mr. Egos.
We don't care about that stuff.
Okay.
All I can say to you is, it's a dead one in Helen Dale.
It's a real live one.
It sounds like an old Yentit to me.
You sound like an old Yentit sweet art.
Okay.
Go give Sonny Rosenberg a big kiss on his fat pimply.
Correct him.
Get out of our face.
We're talking important stuff here today.
I mean, there are poll questions today is, and I've asked this before, but you won't respond
to it.
Who do you admire most on the Florida Panthers?
The Spark plug.
We know who he is, number 14 or the Schwartz plug, number 28, which is twice.
I guess he's twice the player because twice time 14 is 28.
Does that make any sense to you?
Well, there you go.
He don't get twice the reaction.
He gets 50 times the reaction because I'm not sure why because they like that big that haircut.
That must be it.
20 minutes till noon at 560 WQM got Hank coming up from the sporting brews from 2 to 6.
We got Kimba.
It's not Hank.
It's Kimba.
What do you mean by that?
My schedule does not say that.
Well, I forgot to put the new one up there or I wasn't here or something happened.
Do you mean the Humper is not going to be on today?
Yeah.
What was he today?
He was talking yesterday about maybe going to Vegas for New Year's.
We're sticking him out of boxing.
That's super playoff game here.
If I was him, I'd be in Vegas.
And what is it?
Kimba's on a two and then one.
And well, whatever was done after that, we got the big goddamn.
What is it again?
The micron PC, pool and weed whackers.
Stick it where the moon don't shine in your rectum bowl tonight.
730 here on QAM.
This is 560 QAM.
New York, God.
Oh, here's where the trouble goes.
This red to here.
Now look what you're doing.
Oh, that's what we're saying.
Dress, dress, dress, dress.
That's what we're saying.
Dress, arm.
Oh, come on, this is the same.
Dress, dress, dress, dress.
Dress, wrestler, this is the Dress, arm.
Yeah, it gets fine, it gets worse, worse, come.
She's saving the dress like a low-life skull.
It smells like you can do.
Where's the beret for a hat?
Where's the side 14, too?
God, she's so gasped in, man.
God, the shit that bread is.
She come back and brag, but she could come on my plane just the way I like.
That's what we're saying.
Dress, dress, dress, dress.
That's what we're saying.
Oh, that's what we're saying.
That's what we're saying.
Because I literally not get to it.
That's what we're saying.
Dress, dress, dress, dress.
Dress, wrestler, this is Dress, arm.
Dress, wrestler, this is Dress, dress, dress.
Dress, dress, dress, dress.
That's what we're saying.
Dress, dress, dress, dress, dress.
Number 44, 560 WDQM, I've got to spectacular.
Did you look at this?
Yes.
Did you take a puke at this?
We just got facts to once the latest
up to the minute totals on our center one campaign which officially ends in two
days on the thirty first
and is basically a pretty much a company at the end of the run
hundred and thirty eight thousand eight hundred and twenty six bucks
out of the clue what did i give it this morning from last night of the game
a hundred and ten
right
but this envelope got all kinds of stuff in it that i'm sure it's not totaled on
there
also not which he has no way of knowing that
why don't you want to give me the add that up okay my work asking around here
and guarantee you were like right up there about a hundred and forty grand
now it's interesting the most we ever rate for a center one before two years ago
and this was on the old w i
we raise the hundred and forty grand
and that was with the best of fill which sold a course like hotcakes and the best
in the old two volumes and the best of the contours which uh... and uh... whatever
else we had the t-shirts and all those multiple appearances by all the
different people
and so like about you know a few weeks ago there was a lot of you know we
understand from carol the most ever got for some was a hundred and forty so
if you do like seventy or eighty all by yourself that's pretty good
and i said i don't want to do it all by myself okay i've been doing all by
myself for much of my life i'd rather do it with somebody else and i
assistance
six seventy six
six seventy six that means two and zero and five
a hundred and thirty nine thousand five hundred and two dollars
which means we need four hundred and ninety eight dollars by the close up tomorrow
to reach a hundred and forty grand like falling off a log like four i bet you
that buddy nevin is gonna
set us over a check huh
if i wait a minute where's that envelope i bet you in here uh... because he said
that one's a real good cause it's a uh... yeah
worthy charity and looking at the envelope
i'm looking for buddies check that we find it now that you see a check in here
uh... come on buddy
don't see it
got
must have fallen out
four hundred and ninety eight bucks more to reach a hundred and forty grand
always know to shandah we don't have like somebody around because it is the
holidays naturally there ain't nobody around here
wouldn't be great if we had the qa and van or could then sam or christ or somebody
out like on a street corner
huh
in the next two hours in the thirteen minutes of the cut get up to a hundred
and forty grand total today that would make me feel like it was worth coming
in today
two open lines in date county five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the
eighteen t-warves and by the way did you you didn't look at the individual
stores or did you the borders
you're never gonna guess which store had the biggest total last week christmas
week
no wrong
uh...
bokeh and f-fac it wasn't day
the top two locations were in date and they were in
they were in palm beach
bokeh did twenty nine hundred fifty five bucks and point in beach was number one
with thirty one hundred sixty bucks
last week how do you like that
i mean i've included pretty good twenty one forty candle eighteen eighty
and look at the growth of the only one thought i see in other words we probably
are already over a hundred and four well probably not
because coconut grove here is blank
we didn't do squat in the grove we didn't even go and and do a squat in the
grove no we didn't do that week after week i look on these lists and the
effect what's the uh... yeah the grove is missing the week before it's a blank
five hundred and sixty bucks here the week before that forty bucks there
that was we did nothing in the grove
because basically i mean what you got in the grove you got a bunch of fags
and suppose down here okay i thought we had lots of fags and suppose but
i guess our fags and suppose do not listen to live in the grove
that's the depressing that's unbelievable
so we are gigantic up there in palm beach county how do you like that
we only had a line for them although we do have that nine three or three
thousand but we never said because we're too cheap to say it
here's a mobile in Miami hello great all right listen i was watching Monday night
football your last night uh... did someone mention this already
no
al michael you know that he was back from a break
and he said the magic word the allowed and clear
the old no fh you got oh my god he said
on the earth yeah wow unbelievable i fell off my chair when i heard that in my
my dog i don't know if you can't do him because i think the reason they got
geaford off the games among the he was he was starting to take a wrap right on
the earth you were just saying it was taken one yeah and no wonder the
bags over for you about the ratings yeah just because uh too much crap yeah
okay thanks for the good news thank you then we'll see you all do i long for
those old days when i was big satellite the dish owners owners of the big
dish we used to see all those alive back calls all those feeds whether
used to say every word it's ever been invented you'd see all the be thought
behind the scene stuff that was great we have an open line and date one and
broard five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty
on the eighteenth you wireless line i mean once in a great while
sitting up to you're gonna set up straighter yeah of course yeah we're
easily
this why are we doing this where we we're going back to that
convulsion eight squeeze your coaches corner and after everything else
is the taken care of they will
you got it great that's the done cherry just losing a little bit on the
back call feed they're on the cdc on the anica satellite for you big dish
lovers couple weeks ago where we going here's uh
candle hello hey i'll go nail yes sir um you know what i'm i'm a dolphin fan but i've
really pulled back why interest johnson took over
and uh i just barely lucky a paper watch the occasional game now really
but i don't i'm not interested in football other than the dolphin is even then that's
losing its power but i never heard of the dirty bird prior to
the game the other day the Atlantic and then all they said the dirty bird this and then
and then you know there i guess there's a player tyrell bucle who's been there for a while
now his nickname is keep up i know everybody everybody has to be having a nickname
where that came from but you know i'm always amazed i never heard of stupid dirty bird could care
less about also that's a big thing on our local media now the dirty bird yeah like uh
huh look at the crap you know nobody that's right but you know what i know you because
let me you several times i know you call other than when you talk somewhat you know whatever
about the uh black you say spartus i've always preferred to turn former Nigerians myself because
they're not black americans i mean they're not African-Americans they're former Nigerian
well what meaning what what is that well that's the main reason they came from when they were
you know captured by their fellow Africans and sold to the white man yeah that's a problem they'll
never want to do well let me ask you this seriously why can't people just be american exactly i
have no problem with that you know i agree with you why don't you have to have hyphenated what
have to have human-Americans and Italian-Americans and African-Americans exactly you know i mean
to prop again it's bullcrap there's no such thing exactly because now you you hit it on the head
but you miss the brain except because now we have the African-American where we've had the African
-Americans for a while but now we all have to say that's literally correct thing during the holiday
we don't happy quan no we don't no i know i know i don't i know you don't but i was saying that's
what they don't okay well happy new year that guy sounded like a little the only thing like a little
over the edge like maybe he's planning on now attending a meeting this year the first of new year
we have an open line of date what in brown or five six seven oh five six i mean you go to Toronto
they got all those chinese all those Asian people mostly chinese do they call them chinese
canadians no they got all those pakistanis there they called you know getting my cabin to
around or the cab driver say oh i'll i how do you do i'm a Pakistani-Canadian no of course not
to Ben Johnson ever say oh i'm a uh African-Canadian no it's ridiculous it's laughable
the hyphenated-Americans all the better to keep you know separating them and you know divide
in conquer divide in conquer divide in conquer that's what it's all about that's what they
white the lily white establishment loves compartmentalized divide in conquer just be a god then
american okay we're not interested where you got them grand the mother came from in quinta quente
we're not interested in you know anna salam and we don't care about all those old bubble mice
these okay cut to the chase and stop this bull crab oh with a deep part about culture and let me
say it again let me say it one more time very clearly i travel all over the world i see people of
color in other parts of the world who speak perfect english just as i am speaking to you right now
just as ed Bradley speaks it and just as Julian von speaks it and just as barber Jordan used to be
speaking it before she be dead okay so stop giving me this crap about it's a cultural thing or an
ethnic thing it's an american butchered propaganda to keep a lot of people on the end on the bottom
rung of the totem pole to keep black people under white people's thumbs that's what it's all about
and those of you brothers and sisters out there that get sucked into this bull crab and you believe
it's shame on you embarrassing just like all this with the african names now oh man that's
that's a great way to become a part of the mainstream oh we know a lot of it come up well why not
why not i mean you know we can only open up so many mcdonalds and burger kings and the NBA
franchise is ain't doing too good right now either
get a brain get a brain and start resisting all of this bull crab to come part metalized
and teach you that you're somehow you know different because your skin is a different color
that's what we're supposed to be moving away from here's a lady in pom b chillo hey
waneel hi and great nice Jewish girl from Winnipeg calling you oh oh if it's Jewish canadian
a Jewish canadian how fittingly perfect right you probably not probably have too many Jews in Winnipeg
hey well there's about 16,000 of us there's not there's too many of us that a lot of Jews in Toronto
right i just wanted to call on here vacationing in pom beach for the last two weeks unfortunately it's
the first day that i've tuned into your show and i have to tell you your fabulous i am you really are
i'm thinking i'm thinking to move into uh mr. sagwa my song i think mr. sagga's not that you're
good place for you i think Winnipeg would be better maybe i can be the new coach of the ice dogs and
get cherry out of there that's true well unfortunately the only thing we have in Winnipeg now is just
the two and twelve fl team yeah and that is shame you lost your happy team i mean that was such a
great thing that you would be all white with a pom poms and you know it's for me to desperate
attempt to keep their team but it's all money now you know that's right we couldn't do it but we
sure miss them let me tell you yeah i bet you miss them a lot now well we sure do we really do
we have to travel to Phoenix now to watch them and they're playing pretty damn good well actually
they really are so we left them they left us and we're still we're still running around there though
well have a happy new year hey thank you Neil and thanks so much for entertaining all of us out here
and Zagazone thank you too okay what do that means okay we actually said what she's a sparsam
change mister you're supposed to when you're from canteries supposed to know what that sparsam
change mister and you just keep walking looking straight ahead you have to be all bad about that
because i've always got some change in my pocket why i stop it i'm chief i'm not very far from being
chief but it's just i think it's a psychological thing you feel that if you do it the first time
that every and then it got so many homeless people up there in Toronto that's one of the
greatest cities in the world is Toronto in fact when they do these surveys they rate the various
cities but the one disgrace the one shame that they have are the homeless people and especially
this time of year it starts getting really really cold and nasty and freezing i mean so many
homeless people out there sitting on the street you know and they're so goddamn polite they're so
polite spare some change mister for a cup of coffee and you just walk up i haven't i've styled
anyway you could just barely hear them that's why they're starving it i thought you can't hear
speak up a little bit okay spare some change their pal something like that you know being polite
is one thing but starving that that's another thing speak up body i'm a captain no that was a nice
try anyway let me put these seven and five sixty wqa m this is five sixty q a m the
Neil Roger show now on five sixty wqa m Miami fourth Lauderdale i can have an orgasm just
driving., Myanmar 1995
olvidarter
87
n
Okay, probably 1-560, WQM. Happy New Year from all your Paisons here, so Kimba
Bokamper is going to be on 2 o'clock this afternoon. He doesn't take no crap from anybody. He's a good American with no hyphen in the middle.
Open line of days 5 6 7 0 5 60. So here we are. We've got on the year for over a little over two hours now. Have I had one?
I mean, I realized a month through a whole bunch of other crap there in the beginning, but if I had one call from one of those 80 or 90% of the
Know-Nothings there in that Macarena who are obsessed with a big black guy named Pete. No.
One call that were explained to the rest of us, well, I guess are too slow, too stupid, or whatever it is to understand what the big attraction is there.
No.
Doesn't that speak for itself? Yeah, I think that speaks for itself.
Here's a mobile in 4-later day. Hello. Hey, Neil. How's it going? Great. Happy New Year. Happy Halloween.
I don't go very many hockey games. Don't get an opportunity to little expensive formies.
Little high-priced right? Yeah. I am a season ticket holder for the dolphins. It's basically the same because they want you to cheer on defense.
When it teams on defense, it disrupts the other team's offense. But these same assholes start doing the wave when the offense is on.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Thanks. Yeah. Yeah. Nope. Got that. So amazing. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Nice. Yeah.
and uh... work it out
yet you don't go into stadium soon enough uh...
you can make it up because the escalators broke so far i would say ninety five
percent of the home games in the macarina the escalator uh... do not know
which i'm not that old and people that i can't uh... walk my way up there but
i'm sure there are few people would like to assist and that was supposed to be
one of the nice deals nice covered escalator the only problem is it don't work
right that's in the first you know we want to go up you know we got the cheap
sheets in the upper deck you know that's still
you know you get a walk that whole spiral thing up in the menu your gas
and for air
but anyways you turn on the fish food you turn down the bedpice and the
steak stuff which was pretty good yeah excellent yeah can i turn you on
something yeah okay
you like any surley products
syraly yeah i don't know how to fat-slob like me being syraly
i know that's like fish food i mean i don't like i love the really
i don't want to kill you okay i don't want to be rude to the guy no i don't
hear about it
isn't that just one of the new year is syraly no
we have an open-line and brow to a dead i'm still searching on begging i'm
pleading i'm probing i know you're out there you're not fooling me you're
certainly not fooling this audience they know you're out there hiding somewhere
on you people from last night where i would think that you've called yourself
off by now and come down a little bit
i mean it was a nice game was a big victory the team is hot they're playing good
right now it was enjoyable from that standpoint
but we're looking we're looking for a certain breed of p
of fan out there i use the word loosely we want to know what it is that's
cranking your chain about this graph what is it that's got you so whipped up to
a frenzy peter peter what is it we're missing it we don't see it
here's point and beach hello good afternoon Neil yes sir
they listen uh had a question for you first of all the guys you call us although
uh stole my thunder i was gonna tell you about the out Michaels and uh how he uh
puts shot out over the air but i just can't get over it
that's hilarious listen uh just got a computer for christmas yeah um
uh how do i get through to uh still hendrie's uh website whatever you know i
want to pick him up and listen to what's the uh George what's the deal on that
i'm feels the website is it a kf i thing to get here a little show one moment
please okay one moment please George will look at that for you thank you
in fact if you want to hang on George you'll tell you
uh appreciate it Neil okay i know he's got to wait what is it
kf i six forty dot com kf i six forty dot com
forty dot com right thanks much Neil okay bye and have a happy yeah
okay okay okay date counties open five six seven oh five sixty
pond five sixty on a mobile one line i'm pressing i'm probing i'm looking i'm
searching i got my navigation equipment out here i'm uh i'm just the
try to uncover it i got my microscope my guide them uh
telescope searching for one of those 19 000 people last night 80 or 90 percent of
whom are hyper ventilating they're still moist from that experience last night
a scene is big black guy out there their new hero please let us in on it i mean
if this i'd like i'd let you in on the fish food i could have kept it all for
myself i let you in on a Tyson season these trips
for all you at kids died people i could have kept it all of myself
there's something spectacular going on there and the rest of us they the small
minority of us were two stupid we're missing it we're looking right at it we
just don't see it here's a mobile in my any hello
Neil yes sir in honor of you i've been a long time listener i've never
called i know you're looking for money for center one
i'm going to donate a thousand dollars in your name
oh god bless you sir what a guy
um i'd like to do it anonymously i mean i'm not looking for the publicity but i
think it's such a good center um they do good work and i want you to go over the top
okay thank you hang on George are going to the address where to send her okay hang on
there you go how do you like that huh oh eat your heart out buddy nevans with that putrid little
illiterate letter that you sent me this morning but what would you expect to get from a putrid
little illiterate guy like buddy nevans but a putrid little illiterate letter and that's
exactly what i got the different between me and win yeah i got more here i don't have a lot but
the difference between me and win is i got a lot more here he's got a lot more money now i
would prefer to have a lot more money but i got news for if i had the billion dollars that he's
got i wouldn't be such a mean spirited prick is he is okay and i wouldn't be always worried about
oh my making more money on this you know he's a business man but when you got a billion dollars so
what's the big deal he lost a few million here he lost a few million there he uh he uh he's not
missing any meals we have two open lines in day these lines ought to be smoking here today
they ought to be smoking but we can't we can't extract even a little bit of honesty out of the
so-called fan this is the supposed to be a sports station which thank god for me that usually i
give a little bit of a breath of fresh air from that for four hours a day a chance to uh have a
mental animal from all that swill but on your supposed sports station every time we play this it's
like a heightened seat game can't find those panther fans nowhere know how even though every god damn
one of them is out there listed right now every one of your list them am i right yes god damn it
nine minutes afternoon if i what what's the point why do i keep doing this
why do i keep getting all worked up to a frenzy when i know they're not going to respond
on how can somebody respond to you when they have nothing to back up what they're going to say
i'll give an example i was in k-Mart yesterday doing that thing for the toilet seat you know
wasting my time and i get this all the time i mean i go into like public so i go into k-Mart
and there are people you see them do like a double take and they'll turn around and you realize
that they recognize you okay well they can say hey me oh how are and i always am friendly how
you doing nice to see i love your show whatever 15 seconds tops so i'm in k-Mart yesterday i'm
walking the wandering around looking for where the god damn toilet seat place is and here's a guy
in his i would say 60s with his wife and he does does the same thing looks like you know and she
says and you can tell he said or oh that's in the arrived and he said well why don't you say hello
to him well i'm already like you know 20 yards up the thing there you know
here's a guy in in a k-Mart he doesn't have the balls just to say hi and he'll how are you
is that man ever gonna call this show no i mean are you kidding me
he doesn't have the balls just to say hello
much less to call this show and take on yeah good or even just have a you know a civilized
conversation and say happy new year he doesn't have the cahons for that
i think i think instead of in k-Mart they should have been shopping in a cahons place
10 minutes after 12 at 560 w the qn i like the wee we
so
when the squad of back it's lonely he likes receiving better wise some people say
that number eight is gay or they say true i love the big brown eyes
a-k-man
he goes down on his knees a-k-man
oh right he's got his he likes but please a-k-man
he loves the staff cowboy down there behind
and
he's got a spot to spare petation
america's team is world renowned oh we're fine
but is joy gay i've heard some people say in the heart he goes down a-k-man
he goes down on his knees a-k-man
i can't the most please a-k-man
don't lift him cause he likes it from behind
well 15 is 560 wqm the date lines are wide open there's a big big vacuum a drug
genetic record date 560 560 and top 560 on the mobile one line
they just won't do it man they're just adamant they are like a brick wall
here's a mobile in Hollywood hello
Uncle Dale yes sir
good afternoon
when is time to date i want to thank you for the
one-two
that's got CDs that great this year
and uh over 140 grand how do you like that
the all-time record for center one all by ourselves here me and George
beautiful um but i wanted to what else did i want to say
plus by the way we raised 20 grand for Phil's charity out there um uh the kids place
what about thing is out in la with Phil CD earlier in the year so this year on this station
we raised over 160 grand nice going Neil thank you in spite of that little prick putty
nevans you're the man Neil hi demand um i'm a season ticket holder in section 128
yes sir i can see the gold lights in the shoot twice then just because i sit back there right
but i can't see the one on the other side how do you like that how difficult is it every
arena in north america that they play hockey and you can everybody that sits in the stand can see
the gold light and the green light at both ends but in the mac arena two hundred million dollars
we can't see the god the gold lights come on if you look depending on where you're sitting
and they don't care enough to fix it no i've been waiting for that by the way did you catch that
you weren't paying any attention just said Peter Rod get away from the punk mother
and we're gonna need that we're gonna use that as a drop please okay we have an open line
and day one and brow it five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty at a mobile one i still waiting
at seventeen past noon two and a quarter hours into the show and we had one person one of these
hysterical people that's in a state of hysteria that's filming at the mouth that's dripping down
there uh score two i can't even say it on a year i can't say penis on a year that just uh emotional
from this big black spartan that comes out there and kicks the crap allegedly out of whoever's on
the other team or occasionally gets the crap kicked out and they still like it in fact maybe they
like that better as he's stumbling and fumbling and trying to find his way to wherever he's going
they love it they're obsessed with it i don't think i don't think we're having hockey games out there
i think we're having clan meetings at the macarena's what we're having yeah
here's a mobile unless prom b chillo
yeah yeah sir yes uh uh we'll have a vacation on let you know for all the truck drivers we all
listen to you all the time all right all right i mean everyone is going to join the damn radio every day
god bless those truckers that's what i've always said pal let me tell you this like you said
this state is a goddamn cop state why one of the tension they were out everywhere right and think
it's less than right yeah i just want to let you know that and we all listen to you all right we got
people showing each other we got gangs we got people dropping like flies in his town and they're
busy setting up more speed traps to say happy holidays to us that's right and they don't care
about if people get shot right you know and they just want your mind there you go and then close
them thank you and god bless you sir have a great new year yes sir and slow down we have an
open line in uh day one and brow art five star we got we're seriously are we gonna find one
today just one who's got a little bit of a ball out there maybe a little bit of a growth no
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty uh this is the whole thing though you've heard of
the phantom of the opera it's the phantom of the of panther fans because there aren't any they're
like a smattering of it the rest of the people are just bodies in a seat that's all with all their
panther jerseys on and their paraphernalia which wein like so lot because you make it a lot of money
keep it up here's a mobile in north mind me beach hello hey how you doing yeah great uh
couple things uh i guess people like peter warl only because he is a fighter honestly i'm just
trying to understand what's going on the league did they send out a letter or all the teams that
they have to have a token on each team we are paul laws is the fighter on the team i mean what do
we need to know what i say it's okay if you notice an elite that there's one black player like on
each team like buffalo who's the black player who's the black player on Toronto well i'm not every team
but i've noticed the black player on Detroit you don't mean on a bunch of teams but the point is you
notice that you're slowly seeing one on a team yeah and i'm just trying to know what what
difference does that not any good no no you're wrong about that my career is a very good player on
Edmonton right here has been in the league for many many years he's still one of the best
coolies in league for saying Lewis yeah but he's how about Anton Carter he's a hell of a good player
how much how many black players can you name for me who are in the league who aren't good players
besides peter warl what about the guy on Boston why can't remember his name
Anton Carter's not a good player he's fair he's fair he's one of the better young players in the
league get out of here go back to your plan me go get your pointed hooting get out of here
all the way does have a point you know i've said this for the last several years and we're serious
you black folks are taking all the other sports away and that's fine you know we can deal with it
especially like the NBA you know have a good time sitting on the sidelines but leave hockey
for us white people okay we got to have something leave hockey to the white people we don't mind a few
token sparches in there like i said i apologize the last guy at a good point but he is wrong about
Anton Carter he's a real good player and so is my career and so is grandfuel and is a and
Donald Rocher I can take him or leave him he's a fighter buddy but let's see there's a difference
between being a fighter being a goon and just being a uh and a player who can fight like ty dolmy
there's a little player there's a guy's got three goals seven assists he's got ten points he
can skate he's a player he's got some skills and by the way they just took a survey in a hockey news
all that the other players in league vote ty dolmy is the best fighter in a league okay
he always like a little midget guy and comes up to their perfect he still knocks the crap out of
most of the time here's a mobile intel raid b chillo okay nice talking to you too
load out your ass up there in delray with all you old parts five six seven oh five sixty and
pound five sixty on the mobile one line here's mimey lake hello hey do you know how i
great uh two quick things uh first i more than glad to say that i donated a hundred dollars to
uh center one thank you uh last week when i called i asked George for the phone number and uh
also heard it over the years so and i had a couple of friends i had the phone number and
go ahead and made it a hundred dollars not too much but so like in a four-year
all that's thank you we appreciate uh second thing uh did you get the toilet business fixed
no i got to go to home people i went to a came art okay good to come on they still need like a
baby toilet seat right yeah because i had the same problem with the toilet and uh i bought one
phone came art as a matter of fact no excuse me my mistake i bought a phone Walmart a Walmart
oh boy i bought a phone Walmart and i had a small accident small big accident
so yeah i put it on and uh i fell right through them right in the
right in the middle of the back but you know something i'm thinking now this may sound
grotesque when you come right down to it who really needs a toilet seat you know
why are you looking at me like that why do you look at me with a look that would kill
maybe you wouldn't fall right but no you're well you're a little spick okay you would fall
right in i got a big fat ass i'm a big fat old you okay i probably could like a and you know
something that would be more like the european style toilet seats which allow for a much easier
more relaxed right because they're they're more contoured to the body they're like wider
that porcelain's really cold how and now how about if you heat it huh keep
them buying a two hundred dollar toilet seat or whatever you're talking about yeah George is
telling me this morning about electrical toilet seat i just want to goddamn toilet seat
i don't want to design her toilet seats they have them in chemo they were in their fabric ones
she's just can you imagine anything messier than having a fabric toilet oh my god
i mean i know it's the middle of lunch i don't want to start talking about splitter and splatter
and stuff like that spittle and splatter but trust me what i tell you no uh no fabric toilet seats
for this guy here's fort lauderdale hello hey Neil yes sir i had my first trip of us
lunch just last weekend yeah and this is roadies over for holidays and uh i didn't drive out there
but they drove down the freeways yeah and they got freeways that won't stop and they do not have
accidents we got one making all this freeway here what's they know how to drive that's because they
drive with their directionals they put their blinker on and if somebody wants to get in the
lane you let them in and they all drive that way because they know how to drive uh this here
every day we got to uh it isn't just that it's the uh tankers and the truck drivers
everything it's but it's a mess here i mean these people are assholes yeah i could
wait out there and set there for the whole weekend no accidents sir i'm gonna tell you go to
any really big city like the troids okay the troid has got a great expressway system they drive
like a bad out of hell they all know how to drive well you'll see maybe a tenth of the accidents
their percentage wise as you'll see here they they know what they're doing and they don't sit
there and drive with their break they drive with the accelerator when when the light changes to green
you can step on the gas even if you're the tenth person in line because everybody else is stepping
on the gas here if you're ten people back you know you're gonna have to wait like two three lights
because they're they're picking their nose oh well they're picking somewhere but they're picking
their uh see you right but the boss angeles i could not believe i mean my god this is uh uh
my uh late that plane's turned left or something like that i know yeah i got these people well
it's a real place you're confusing reality with fantasy this is law law land pal you better use it
oh these people here i mean if if if one of the four drares went out there the police to pull
them over a media they didn't know i think if we sent a lot of the Florida drivers out there we
probably never see him again well the police to pull over immediately thank you but i'm ill okay
have a great new year pal like i said we never see him again we have it all you think about it we
have an open line of date one and brown five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on our
mobile one line are we getting any Peter were all stories here today no does anybody out there know
who he is no this is that went through there so many times the same it's just a little uh you know
a few thousand people who pretend that they know what they're talking about and they didn't
but they don't have the courage of their convictions they won't call this show no they'll probably
call a bank one day when it comes back from the new years talk with him about hockey they'll call
up that prog d'ennice pop band who doesn't have the balls to tell the truth about Peter were
all who couldn't skate his way out of a goddamn came art 26 past known at five sixty wqa
m i've been in one thing about this year you know every year when the year is over we look back
in the highlights and low life one thing for 1998 i did a great service for i introduced you i
turned you on to the wonders of Ben and Jerry's fish food that's right now maybe you put on some
weight too bad you'll have to do some dieting you know new years we do a little bit of dieting
when we talk a lot about it we try but Ben and Jerry's fish food is better than sex that's
right better than bad sex and sometimes better even than good say it's it's just incredible really
is it's chocolate ice cream loaded with gooey caramel and marshmallow right down the center
and loaded with little chocolate pieces shapes just like fish little hard chocolate pieces
and you put this in a microwave for about take a pint you put it in there for about 32 seconds
37 seconds and you melted to just the right consistency and i'm going to tell you something you
put that in your purse and you want you want to eat the container that's how good it is Ben and
Jerry's isn't just and like i said maybe 90% of people out there they like Peter Wohl well
they like vanilla ice cream they like butter pecan that's fine for them if you got some good taste
like me pick up Ben and Jerry's great flavors like cherry garcia chocolate cherry garcia
New York superfudge chunk loaded with all kinds of good stuff in there chubby hubby chunky monkey
chocolate chip cookie dough heat bar crunch dastardly mash and all kinds of yogurt flavors that
taste just like ice cream that's how great they are Ben and Jerry's is more than just ice cream
that's in the dictionary you try one time you'll be just shoveling down pint after pint after
pint they'll have to take you out of the house with a crane like that woman in poppano pick up by
20 or 30 pints today your favorite the supermarket convenience store your favorite mobile station
or visit to Ben and Jerry's scoop shops there in Miami and have an adventure of mall
between blooming sales in the AMC theaters and Miami Beach at 760 Ocean Drive make a resolution
for the new year a pint of day keeps something away this is 560 uam
come on board sun cruise casino odds are you'll feel like a winner now there's exciting nightly
events of free boarding cocktail and all the high rolling Las Vegas style action you can handle
there's more excitement and more big winners than ever before on sun cruise casino
sailing stay in night from ports all over Florida for reservations call 1-800-47-4-DICE
you know it's not an emergency! Toyota fun swine is at an average and right now your self-clawed
to Toyota dealers are celebrating 20 years of incredible sales with the biggest sales of
Indian history you're watching this weekend see what never before on brand new 99 canary
hold it with all the options you want now get to 29th up get to 29th up for America's best selling
call the 1999 camera 4-5 with zero doubt payment plus get Toyota non-savings on 4-1
it's rap board avalanche we get a van evenly all new solar a coupe you know it's not
in the first 30 20 years of Toyota thoughts 20 years of savings brand new 99 canary
quick quick just to 29th up
hey kids are you tired of that neighborhood boys he stole my lunch money
I shut up kid and tell you month to hold the mail next time next time fight back
but he's bigger than me no no no just tell mom next time she hits the candy aisle at the grocery
store pick up a pack of new shit can candy bars yes it's a new candy bar made entirely from
recycled cow dung guaranteed to turn your stomach so next time all right kid give me a lunch
no no please don't take it just shut up and hand it over okay here you go but whatever you do
please don't eat my candy bars hey cool
ah this tastes like shit so you want my lunch tomorrow too we got a hunch you got a little
lunch when you take it by to that shit cat bar okay 1231 at 560 wcm somebody
facts as me from the American Heritage College Dictionary the definitions and it's interesting
you look under German and it's got where the hell is it well you know what it's got somebody
from German ancestry or etc or German origin or you look under Polish or it's same thing but you
look under African and then underneath the definition for African is African American of or
relating to Americans of African ancestry Afro-American and American of African ancestry and Afro-American
in the federal zone so of course this show you this is propaganda invented and perpetuated by the
blood by the white establishment and by Alex Haley who had a very anglicized name by the way I
interviewed Alex Haley on K18 guess what he did now here's a mobile in four-lotterdale hello
real yes sir how you doing great and I'm not a long time a hockey fan but I can't
see some figure holder yes and a world is an epitome of hockey player in play can you fight he's
going to pit him a hockey player he's the epitome of hockey player okay thank you sir okay give
him this stuff from the dictionary okay well no we got we got to have the American Heritage College
dictionary right here he says he's the epitome of a hockey player okay we have an open-line in
Howard five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixties on the that's epitome the user where we
going here's sunrise hello yes sir can't hear you yeah but I was in college in the mid-70s in Boston
I knew a hockey center who labelled himself as an afro-canadian and what happened with him was he
he wouldn't buy into the mill and stuff whenever it was afro-american so at the hockey games whenever
each score we whip out a big banner that would say afro-canadian and he'd laugh like hell when he could
keep a straight face where was this or at Eastern University his name was Wayne Turner huh he was a
black center very talented from somehow post in Saskatoon and as a matter of fact he won
and it was sister head he's going to win a go on the beanpot no time in his senior year but I was
buying into it and his label was afro-canadian oh the beanpot tournament boy that's a great thing
it's a great tournament yeah I miss him I can't imagine him having a beanpot tournament down here
no I get it I think we're all how's that you of them hockey team coming by the way no well see the
good thing is we'll never be the gators and football but let us take on their hockey team anytime
there you go but then as far as Peter will out my rotation on skate can't skate can't fight really either
but maybe he sure can bite it okay thanks a lot now I think he's got a good point he bites
we have an open-minded Broward 5 6 7 0 5 so isn't this interesting all the people who agree with me who
know something about the game because this guy obviously knows he's talking about the beanpot
tournament and Wayne Turner and you know he knows something so I think the fact that 80 or 90
percent of the people in that joint are getting excited at the wrong time and emotional and
hysterical over the wrong people that proves what I've said 80 or 90 percent of the people
who go to those games don't know the rest of their elbow right here's Miami hello you have a
filthy mouth thank you okay we have an open line at date 5 6 7 0 5 6 8 wait at all that time for
that thank you sir 5 6 7 0 5 6 8 and 5 5 6 8 on the mobile one line I'll wash it out with corral
recto my mouth too here's the mobile in Oakland park hello hey Neil how are you great
hey I think Peter Laurel can't skate worth a damn they ought to get rid of the y'all okay thank you
okay I'm not interested in anybody else who agrees with me and it's boring 5 6 7 0 5 let's
keep the lines open for all those thousands of people who are trying to call in here today to
voice an alternative opinion who got the guts to disagree with me because they know what a great
player is all about because they really understand the sport okay they'd be understanding it
you know just just calm down quit doing a goddamn dirty bird for just long enough to make a call
I'll sit here and listen very respectfully for about four or five seconds this is a call from
Frisco hello yes sir hi Neil how you doing I'm calling from the Silicon Valley and I
should look on the phone Valley yes and I've got all the tapes seven tapes yesterday in a t-shirt
in the mail what I got from the Internet great I want to thank you for it are there any additional
CDs are cassettes available no no no okay but anyhow I want to thank you for all the entertainment
here provide us we work we have like 3500 people here and I'll listen to you well the last two
hours of the Internet and we appreciate it okay okay thank you happy to hear and back to you bye
thank you okay we have two open lines in date 5 6 7 0 5 60 and 5 60 on the mobile lines we're
still waiting for that one call they should keep you on the edge of your scene right up till two
o'clock they're laying odds on it and Kaplan has taken bets on it right now if you're going to get
that one definitive call is it going to come in between now and two no come on my me lake hello
how you doing there okay sir no my grandparents got off the boat from Italy thanks you know
their head children and the children the thing that they wanted to do was assimilate as soon as
possible all the grandchildren yes that's exactly right perfect music thank you very much see they
wanted to do the right thing they wanted to become part of you know America they didn't want to be
because they didn't leave their kids Giovanni and Amarico and Emmanuel no they're just
this is this isn't a black one this is a call for like all the
arch-spanic brethren that come off the boat and their name of their kids I Dallas
and no iconic names like that and it is permissible in America to have as few as two names I know
that comes as a great surprise to many of our Hispanic people out there especially like from
Colombia but it is it is permissible to have like a three or even just two names like a stick you
got sure she's like a regular nice guy right sometimes he almost got deported by the way
yesterday no they're almost that happy yeah he was a priest of pretty nice guy he had to tell a few
lies but he's still here he had a man marry like an American yeah well why not he said it rubs off
what is he going to go for a citizenship breath no he's not doing that he wants to a hem is he's
keeping close ties this in case case they ever open a casinos again yeah okay pal I'll read an
letter to you ciao et cetera one comedy Joe one of things come on bonus here and
I'm over for a couple of coffee you think he's going to show up no I could rubber that stupid little
cat Marlon people are starting to talk okay we have an open line a date five six seven oh five
sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line see the fact that I have to go through this and
create this arduous a task even though we know that the end result will be a big flat zero
it that proves it proves my point which is outstanding nice going thank you here's a mobile in
Miami Beach hello hey Neil how they going great yeah Neil you know it's I've been never been a
season ticket holder of the Panthers could put in the fort again and take it but I went to the first
game ever and I've been going even to the new arena all the way from Miami Beach which is a long
trip and all these people that go to the games they just go so they can say I went to a pan
for give they don't know a damn thing about hockey yeah and like that guy that calls you first of
all you will know is not even the best black player on the person first heaven weeks plays for
the panthers heaven weeks doesn't play for the panthers anymore he doesn't know what happened okay we
have an open line a date one and Howard five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the
mobile one line it's twenty one till one of q a m some of the buddy Charles Elfier at hockey
game now there's a real hockey fan he's there every game he's in my section down below there he's
a great hockey fan he loves the panthers he knows what I'm talking about right Charlie you bet
and he also knows all about here because for over 25 years Charles Elfier has been supplying rich
guys and poor guys and people in between with the best hair system in the business is natural
hairline system and right now he's made it even better looking than ever before he's created a
lighter more durable completely natural looking system even when your hair is wet it looks so great
nobody can tell you were in the Charles Elfier a natural hairline system now if you want to go
have holes drilled in your head start bleeding all over those plugs now or the mouse you look in
wigs you can go ahead and do that but if you want to look years younger and if you want to look
like a real man cheers the way to do it call Charles Elfier you mentioned you heard about him on the
meal Rogers show and Charles will give you a $200 discount on the purchase of that new hair system
in no time at all you'll be looking like a real human being and by the way the software is for
new clients only only one system per person unless you've got multiple head so what are you waiting
for call the Charles Elfiery studios right now 1-800-321-2413 tell him you want some hair back
that Wayne look guess what it's out for the 90s that number again 1-800-321-2413
this is 560-7-8-8-8
were you crushed back in my friend I believe this time this country had a poor
strong leadership for that I need your chicks to get my horns
friends I can assure you I know what's best for you good man oh Christian
trying to run our lives with threat ball in their mouth on Friday night good little Christian
doing their hey the ground and power grabbing for a new turn cry
programs
I
they
They always told you to run on their business leaves checks from you.
God, they're marketing tools.
They're all God.
Good little Christian, or given here since they,
that's why they never have to tell that truth.
Good little Christian, Harry, you sat for a while.
They might do something swing and she'll tell.
Good little Christian, you're taking the strength of ourselves.
From bringing the fire in the depths of hell.
I'm not going to win for all the questions.
I'm going to be typing down the liberals as a victory.
Okay, take my hand and stick it.
16 before one at five, 60 WQM.
So let me get to schedule straight now.
Kim Bo campers here at two.
Is that correct?
Okay, then Kim Bo will be joined by D-Fo at six.
That right.
And then let's see.
Are they going to be on to late?
Oh, that's right.
730.
We got the micron PC, weed, whacker, pool and stick it in your nose
and we're the moon don't shine bowl.
The Huracun's and some North Carolina.
Who is it?
Who did it plan?
NC State.
730, there'll be a gigantic crowd.
I want there in the PP party for that.
Okay, we have an open line in Broward.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0.5, 60 on the mobile one line.
Here's the mobile in North Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, I'm sitting here at two special stations.
We're going to get that rod stuck in the enemy.
I'm eating my car.
Yeah.
Hey, um, how about we get rid of Joeba now?
Only 10 blocks and they stick it in your recto.
He's not bad, yeah.
I know.
I know we get rid of Joeba now.
He's been interesting by the way that Joeba now.
He's been fact that the first period last night he made a grotesque turn over.
Luckily, they shot it one almost gave up an early goal.
He's like, he's like, he's like, in physical out there.
He played horrendous against Tampa and our coach, Terry Murray,
don't confuse him with the truth.
Says the guys that don't play good, they're going to get benched in the meantime.
He keeps sitting out, Gordon Murphy, who never still afraid to race.
But Eddie gets a scholarship.
He always gets a free pass.
I still say Eddie, Joeba now.
He's got naked pictures of the Murray brothers doing it with a goat.
I'm telling you right now.
I agree.
And also, I know that since he's gotten married and had a kid,
he doesn't hit anybody anymore.
Well, you guys want to ruin his looks.
Okay, we have an open line at Broward, 5.6705.60,
and 0.560 on the mobile one line.
Are these people addressing the thing that I'm trying to talk about here today?
No.
No.
Anybody impressed by that phenomenal one of the goals of the year by Ray Whitney last night?
No.
Now they don't like him.
They figure if the coach don't like him, they don't like him.
Which I'm very proud of myself, by the way, after they announced...
After they announced the goal by Ray Whitney,
and a crowd finally, it subsided from their enormous emotion,
which really wasn't that much like they should have been.
So it was kind of quiet.
And I yelled out, since we sit directly behind Terry Murray up there,
a few rows.
And I yelled out, hey Terry, how do you like him now, you jackass?
And the four or five fans in our section who know the game,
they were chuckling and muttering and agreeing under their breath.
Here's the mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Do you know what I got?
A Christmas?
Yeah.
55 gallons of ocean.
Okay, Eddie, thank you.
We have an...well, Eddie's the only guy in the NHL that puts his IQ on his uniform.
We have an open line in Broward, 5.67.0.5.60,
0.560, 0.560 on the mobile one line.
And as far as that lotion's concern, sir?
Here's Fort Myers, hello?
Bill?
Yes, sir.
Hey, I wanted to help you with your toilet seat.
Yeah?
Okay, you have about that.
But I also wanted to tell you about the guy over here.
I mean, here they know a lot about that in Fort Myers.
Yeah, we're talking about that.
Well, we have Ruth fans over here with hockey, you know?
I appreciate what you were talking about.
One of them got hit in the head with a hockey stick by a player the other night.
Good.
So he took care of him.
That's right, I was asked about him.
On your toilet seat, I'm going to help you with it.
Okay.
You have an elongated toilet bowl.
I have a long one, yeah?
Yeah, so you need an elongated toilet seat.
Yeah.
That gives you enough room there.
Well, how do you know?
Well, you can tell by the oval shape or the round shape.
Okay, one.
You're right.
Good point.
The one I bought was round.
You're right.
You can't stick around seat on the oval turlant.
And go to the, go to the, go to the, if you've got an oval rectum.
Sit your ass on an oval turlant.
If you've got a round rectum, sit on a round turlant.
Good point.
Well, just go to a good supply house and you get a decent one.
I'm going right over to a builder square, one of those joints.
They'll have it.
They got, they got the toilet seats up to the bed.
And tell them you want a, you want an elongated seat.
I tell them I want a long one.
Okay, pal.
All right.
Happy new year over there in four miles.
All right, thanks.
See ya.
All our friends in four miles, all 30 or 40, keep going, baby.
Oh.
They keep the radio hidden under your bed.
Keep it down, not too loud.
We have an open line in there.
They'll come and get you an open line in date.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60, pound five, 60 on a mobile one line.
I mean, like I said yesterday, that's, that's always getting a little bit
anti about it.
The new experience in my life.
I've never had to go out there and buy a toilet seat before.
And you know what else?
Because every now and then you'll sit on a toilet seat and they'll start
like moving around a little bit as you're like, you're moving.
You know, you're trying to like, you know, get that little hanger off of there to drop.
And the seat will start like moving around.
See this supposed to be stationary, baby.
It should not move when your ass moves.
And I never realized that under those little brackets that hold the seat under the
bowl, there are those little plastic screws.
And so I immediately yesterday now that I'm a great mechanic after I had my
misadventure with my own, I went to the other toilet.
And after I, well, I actually before I did because, you know, the worst thing in the
world to do is like bend over a toilet after you're just, even if you're flushed
real good.
So you don't want to be screwing around with it after the deed.
But before I sat down, I got my trusty screwdriver and I tightened that baby up and no more
slipping and sliding down the bowl, man.
Here on that bowl, you want to firm grip.
Here's a candle.
Hello.
You're funny, well.
Yes, I was.
I'm okay.
I'm doing the actin's diet.
You what?
The actin's diet?
Yeah.
They just found that I'm diabetics.
And I remember you said that you got off your influence.
Right.
I never did insulin.
I said that if you, for most people, why type do diabetics that the actin's will
get your blood sugar down like a mirror?
Do you see how I'm high blood sugar?
I'm high blood sugar?
Right.
Did you ever get a sweet taste in your mouth like a new saliva?
I've had a sweet taste in my mouth, you know?
No, I'm certain.
Many times.
I mean, sweet bad beef from your diabetes.
No.
Here we got that.
Well, how high is your blood sugar?
Oh, I haven't checked it today, but oh.
No, but I mean, when, how long have you been diagnosed as diabetics?
Oh, like two weeks ago.
Because I wasn't aware of that.
How high was your blood sugar?
Like 220.
Well, that's not real bad.
I mean, I went to the doctor and I told him I have this sweet taste of mouth.
It tastes like a...
Because I know that when you get high blood sugar, you get a...
With a carf-free...
A fruit...
A sweet smell.
That's the ketones in your body.
And I told him about that.
He said, well, it's a check your blood sugar and it was high at the time.
Yeah.
So, what do you want?
You want my oral?
Which I...
Yeah, I'm on the oral.
He put me on the pillow now.
I have to see if he put me on diet.
So, as he says that.
Oh, yeah, he put you on a diet.
Yeah, let me tell you.
The doctor probably does no squat about diabetes.
He'll...
He'll pretend he does.
Well, he told me that the sweet taste of mouth could have been further.
Get about the sweet taste.
What is your blood sugar today?
What was it this morning?
I haven't checked it yet.
Well, why not?
I don't know.
How can you be diabetic and you're not checking?
You have one of the little...
Yes.
One touch.
We have a one-touch thing, okay?
Yeah.
Okay, so check it out.
What was it yesterday?
Yesterday was already.
It was 110.
Without it, I didn't take the pillow yesterday.
It was 110.
You didn't take the pillow it was 110, which is normal, by the way.
You do understand that.
Yeah, I go 140 is boy-like.
120 is better.
Sure, sure, there is no such thing.
It's like borderline pregnant.
There is no such thing in the world as borderline diabetic.
Either you are or you're not.
No, I'm saying that the cutoff point for doctor...
I understand, but I'm just telling you again, because doctors like to use that term.
Oh, you might be a little...
Before I was diagnosed as diabetic, I went to one jackass doctor in the Gables,
and his comment to me was, oh, you might be a little borderline diabetic.
And there's no such thing.
You know, you're not.
Right.
That's true, my God.
Well, keep monitoring in a few episodes.
You're having a problem read the Atkins book.
Believe me, it works like a miracle.
I was wondering about the taste of them all.
I never noticed that.
Okay, well listen, stop by doing whatever you do.
Okay, that's why I've got that taste in my shoes.
Jesus, God.
Yeah, I've had a sweet taste in my mouth.
Squirt, squirt.
We have two open lines in a day and one and a half.
Look at this.
Look at this, crowd here.
And it's almost 1 o'clock, and we still haven't had what I'm looking for here today.
Just one honest Panther fan.
One, just one.
Can we find it?
No.
Tim, her, it.
No.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
We've got to gather things.
Kevin Weeks is still on our team, which I thought was pretty interesting.
Here's Coral Springs.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Can't hear you.
Section 409.
Yes.
Ray Whitney, let a great play last night.
Yeah.
He's fan low.
I don't know a good hockey game when they say.
Okay, thank you.
Here's another guy just to Greenland.
That's great.
Okay, I don't want to be ruddy, sir, but it's boring.
I know that.
You don't have to tell me about Ray Whitney and that cool line.
This guy just said, it was great.
But we're in a minority.
Okay, 99% of the people in there can't be wrong.
I'm just going to, you know what?
I'm going on strike.
I can't do this.
I will not do this.
I'm just going to go on strike.
I'm going to sit back in my goddamn chair and, and twiddle my thumbs
and chew these halls mental lip this, okay?
Which by the way, oh, you, and you were here yesterday.
I had my thing about sorbitol.
Did you know that sorbitol is a substance that occurs within the body?
No.
And if you're diabetic, it's very bad for you.
And so now you know when I take anything, I eat anything with sorbitol in it.
There's a sugar substitute.
It makes me just, and just sick as a dog.
Now I understand why.
Thanks to another fine nutrition book that I'm reading, which I won't burden you with today,
because I don't have it with me anyway.
And you don't want to hear about it, because you want to go out and eat fish food, which is fine.
Until you die.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
I'm just going to sit back and wait on you, okay?
All you Peter were all lovers out there.
All you people that think you understand what a hockey game is all about.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Palm 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
All you people that want to stand up in front of everybody else and ruin our enjoyment of watching the game.
All you people that want to go out there and do the dirty bird, watch yourself up on the screen,
act in luck some kind of a chicken and heat.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Palm 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
I'll get it.
Q, A, M.
I'll hit it again.
Oh, sorry.
Like I said, I'll hit it.
Q, A, M.
Hey, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
All right.
I just want to talk about the Panthers game last night.
I thought we kicked parts.
Yeah.
And I don't know.
It was a good atmosphere.
We probably got a little routy for, you know, that lane national car rental center.
And I saw you down there.
I just wanted to say go Panthers.
Okay.
Later.
See you.
Okay, there you go.
Is that what I was looking for?
He's a good guy.
Is that what I was looking for?
No, not what I was looking for.
Because you're not going to get what you're looking for.
Sometimes in this town you'll discover you go out there and you're going to see the game.
You look around.
You find what you're looking for?
No.
No.
Believe me.
Not in this place.
If you're looking for dead old people or those on the verge.
If you're looking for a place, and this cracks me up.
They want to make, they want everybody to know that the sunrise is the home of the national car rental center.
Not for a lot of deal.
Because they want to put sunrise on the map.
Why don't they just put a big on the map and that's sunrise.
How about we all meet at sunrise, lakes before the game and share a nice blueberry animal.
Sounds good to me.
Oh, okay.
WQAM.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah.
I want to talk to Neil.
Speaking.
Speaking.
Neil?
Yes.
Oh, hi.
Yeah.
What's going on with the Panthers?
What do I want to know?
I want to know why the crowd is fascinated with Peter Warrell.
Because all he does is fight.
Yeah.
That's all they have.
That's only reason why he's a big good.
Yeah.
We agree with the game last night, sir.
Yes, I was.
And did you see the reaction when he got in the fight and a standing ovation and they're going
Peter, Peter even though that the three or four shifts he was out in the game he kept falling down and did nothing to contribute to the otherwise outstanding victory.
You're absolutely correct.
So what is that all about?
Because the people there, we noticed they were not so aware they bring all the kids.
They're at the social event.
You're right.
You're absolutely right.
You know something.
I'm asking a rhetorical question.
I'm getting myself all worked up about it and I already know the answer.
They don't go there to watch the guy they're in game.
They're there to schmooze and hang out.
And if somebody gets into a big brawl that's the only thing they can react to because anybody can understand a brawl.
You're actually correct.
Okay, God bless you, sir.
All right, thank you.
There you go.
Thank God for him.
What are you smoking about?
He's summed it up best.
I already know the answer.
When people don't understand what they're watching they can understand.
I mean, even a little kid can understand a brawl.
Hey, look at that.
He beat the crap out of daddy.
Okay, great.
All right.
That's our hero.
That's a big black guy named Peter who couldn't skate his way out of a goddamn parking lot.
But he's our hero.
He's the enforcer, baby.
He's the Don Corleone of the Appanthitine.
Anybody buying that?
No.
We have an open line at date 56670560 and bought 560 on the mobile one line.
Oh, God.
What a place.
This town.
This town.
I'm serious if they could just get that enormous animal tube from the sky.
And stick it like right at the Golden Glades interchange would be a perfect spot.
Oh, my God.
That's what we need is a gigantic animal from heaven.
All this scare we're hearing about the year 2000.
I pray that a year from now we look up there just like at the Panther game.
You see that Panther or the ass of that Panther that said that they lowered down on the ice very slowly.
And that five minute openings ceremony that seems to take a hundred hours.
Maybe a year from now December 29th, 1990, and Yine will look up in the sky and we'll see like they look like a gigantic elephant trunk hanging down from the sky from the heavens.
It'll be God's enema tube.
And it'll be aiming straight toward the Golden Glades interchange.
Oh, yeah.
Giving this town exactly what it needs.
A cleansing experience.
1257 at 560 WQF.
The Neil Rogers show now on 560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale.
Oh, boy. It's the one to two hour.
This is Debbie.
Hi, Debbie. I'm interested in getting some operations done.
Okay.
And some body contouring and some liposuction.
And I was wondering if it's a tummy tuck and lip augmentation cosmetic compress surgery face tip for all of these things.
And I was wondering.
What would you like to start with?
Well, I need to get everything done.
Probably the first thing I'd like to have removed is my thing.
Okay, we don't do that.
No. Could you do breast implants though?
Uh, I can't be done.
But then it's not there.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
How much?
Uh, 5,000.
Excellent. I'd like to have my skin resurface too.
Lace of surgery.
Have the lamb stop crying yet, mommy?
Excuse me?
Don't hurt mommy's little baby.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I'd like to get the liposuction that I saw on TV.
Okay.
Can you make me look more like a woman?
Well, we'll have to see you first and then upon looking at you, we can tell you that when we see you.
Should I wear my skin suit made of body parts, mommy?
Uh, if you'd like to.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Would you like to make an appointment?
Yes.
Okay. Um, there is a $100 consultation fee.
That's fine.
Yes.
Okay. Um, my name is Buffalo Bill.
Okay, let me give you a little information from you.
Okay, just one moment.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I understand.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Do you want to come in for a consultation for a life?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Uh, okay.
Would you like to make an appointment?
Or do you want to call me back?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I understand.
I got my skin suit and you're probably like, uh, uh, uh.
Bill.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I understand that.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Would you like to make an appointment?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Okay. I will talk to you in the chat.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Hello.
Is he done?
Yes.
Okay. Thank you.
103 is 560.
WQM. We have an open line in date.
If we move quickly, 567-0560,
pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
And we discovered today, we didn't discover too much,
but we did discover that most white people respect big, big black guys
because they're terrified of them.
Here's Hylia. Hello.
Niel.
Yes, sir.
Who you from Hylia?
See?
Me complaining about the Italian guy who called a little while ago.
What is it?
Italian guy who called a little while ago.
Yeah.
Complaining about how it's pulling, uh, kids, uh, latin names.
Yeah.
My complaint is, uh,
What is your complaint, sir?
Well, how about these African Americans putting all these
Tarzan and Jane movie names to their kids, you know, Tarwanda and Peter?
I would prefer Tarzan and Jane when they come right down to it.
Exactly.
Wouldn't that be an improvement over a Niquana and, uh,
and, uh, and, uh, and, uh, and, uh, and, uh, and Cheetah.
Boy, she pulled it.
It were a cheetah, yeah.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, and I think too.
You know what I'd say at the track is nothing worse than a cheetah, man.
Ha, ha, ha, and I think too.
Uh, how about the name for a guy who used to run the, the, the port of man?
Everybody's Philly on all we said.
What is it?
What's his name?
Carmen Munetta?
Carmen No.
Miranda, yeah.
Carmen Miranda.
You imagine being a, a, a, a, a male, a child being named Carmen?
No.
Oh my god.
No Nelson was bad enough with Carmen.
Oh god, I was really bad for me.
Hey, now, I'll send this request.
Yes, sir.
Um, what's up?
The priest from the Exorcist?
Yeah.
Uh, what was, uh, what was it?
Power of Christ composes you.
Dr. Paul Christ composes you.
Oh, you made me the power of Christ.
Oh, thank you.
Thank you.
How about one more?
Power of Christ composes you.
Okay.
Ask, ask, ask your cameo.
Ask your piece.
Get out of here.
Ask your cameo.
He just, we have an open line in the day.
5 6 7 0 5 6.
61 more.
Come on.
Come on.
One more.
That's a power of Christ composes you.
Thank you.
And pound 5 6.
Before you mobile people on the 18 T wireless line.
So we got, Kimba is in for Hank today.
Kimba and, uh, D.
And we got that bull.
We got all kinds of D.
That cocauses to holidays and a lot of people want off and who can blame them.
Are we going to be here Friday, by the way?
No.
New Year's day.
We're not going to, we got ball games up your record on the Friday.
All kinds of ball games this weekend.
And by the way, who was it?
It was, uh, Joe Rosius that in morning, muttering out loud, how come the program directors on vacation this week?
We got all these ball games coming on because that's what was, uh, intentional.
We're hoping we can get them on right.
Okay.
So as long as he's not here, we might have a Chinaman's chance, so to speak.
So how about like some Chinese Americans, some Chinese Canadians?
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, how are you doing, Neil?
Great.
First time, long time.
All right.
Listen, I'm here to give you some advice about your toilet seat.
Go to home, Deepo.
Yeah.
And get the one with the chrome hinges on it.
Look, you don't own hinges?
Yeah, so you don't pinch your butt.
You don't pinch your butt?
Yeah, you know how you say it.
It wiggles around from side to side.
Yeah.
Well, if you get the one with the chrome hinges on it, you won't have a problem with that.
Okay.
It's a lot sturdier.
Now, but now, how about if somebody else pinches your butt?
Well, then you got a problem there.
Well, it depends, I guess what it is, yeah.
Yeah.
All right.
That's all I got.
Thank you very much, sir.
You're welcome.
I'm going to check out my chrome hinges today.
Hey, listen, I told you.
I can, I can take even getting a new toilet seat and making it with an art of something right now.
I'm going to show you how do you like that?
You like it?
Do you?
No.
I didn't think so.
All right.
So maybe it's not a big deal to you, but the next time your crapper loses its wrapper, you're going to be really pissed off.
I just want to happen when they shot that.
What's his name?
The crapper.
They lost its wrapper?
How's he doing, by the way?
Oh, he's drinking a six pack now.
Where are we going?
Here's a mobile in West Palm Beach.
Hello.
Now, yes, sir.
What I've talked about the panthers.
I can feel you agree with you about Peter Wrell.
See, everybody agrees with me.
All the people that call in here agree with me.
And the other people, those pushies out there who were acting last night like they had sane biteers dead.
They don't have any balls at all.
They're a bunch of cowards.
Well, Neil, here's what I want to know.
They're going to jellyfish.
They continue to play.
Like Peter, like Peter Wrell, they'll see the play, Joe, and I'll ask you.
If you have been scored Murphy for the last two games.
And they've gone in.
And they've gone in plus minus at this point.
Right.
And Murray's thinking, why is he playing these players that can play with these players?
Oh, you're so Murray, Murray's thinking.
Now you're getting a dangerous territory.
He's not.
I used to watch him when he was up in the Philadelphia.
And he did the same bonehead move that he was down here now.
See, he likes to play games.
Even though the team is doing very well right now, you've got to understand we're playing some really, I mean, the islanders last night were horrendous.
But it's this nice that we're winning.
But you've got to keep it in perspective.
We're not playing very good teams right at the moment.
But this guy, what he's showing me, the way he likes playing head games with these guys, and he's trying to cycle and all that.
It doesn't work.
It doesn't work.
He's only been to the veterans that are actually performing fairly well.
Like that game earlier in the year, he benched Spayla and Whitney of all people.
And before you know, the season really got rolling.
He's telling people he doesn't like Ray Whitney as a player.
He's too small.
And at any time, all he is is leading the team in goals and assists and points.
And you name it and he is unbelievable.
And in the meantime.
Made a great pass.
I made a great play on the first goal last night for Carcner.
May so super play in a perfect pass.
I mean, this kid is unbelievable.
And we got a coach well.
He's too small, you know.
And yet, over and off, he gives away and the offense is on every single day.
Two words naked pictures.
Just keep that in mind.
Naked pictures.
Okay, thanks.
Okay, I have a great day.
That's right.
The Murray's.
We even know the name of the goat by the way, it was Billy.
The Murray's and a Billy goat.
And he's got a he's got a closet full of those pictures.
You he ain't going nowhere.
Eddie.
He's going to be an all star in this in this organization.
Someday you watch.
He's going to be an all star.
Anybody believe it?
No.
No, I'll start giveaway artists.
In fact, the rumor is that he was playing Santa Claus at the malls this Christmas because
he's had so much practice given stuff away.
9 minutes after 1 at 5.
60 WQAM.
You.
Yeah.
Go.
Just.
I guess we're going to a plane on your organ life, that is a master.
They were planning and you're looking too.
Come on.
You're working for it.
You're working for it.
She's doing me a sample.
Why?
You're so mad.
Do you want我 right?
I'm telling you what to just be escaping.
Cut America 1998.
All the American men learned better aim is muddy important man.
One third to one-fourteen boys, move it along.
One-fourteen at five sixty QA.
We got all three day lines open here.
All the P.O.R.L. fans are there in Dave County today.
Five-six seven oh five sixty, pound five sixty on the 18 T wireless line.
Here's a lady in four-lawnerdale.
Hello.
Hello.
I have some money in the drive-through called Kumbah.
It was a little black one.
I wanted to call you because I thought she'd appreciate that name.
Kumbah.
Kumbah.
Kumbah.
I rode that ride in Bush Gardens.
Yeah.
And listen, I want to have...
I heard you're making guide cars to Street Sells Weed out here on the street corner.
His name is Kumbah.
Yeah.
I was wondering if you still have your Pop Belly pig?
Yes, I do.
You do?
No.
You don't?
Pop Belly pig.
Yeah.
I mean, the one Al Goldstein had, I never had one.
Al Goldstein's got it.
I thought you had one because I know you're...
I used to know your neighbors were well...
That uh...
That was to the north of you.
Tom Crowder.
I have no idea.
Oh.
I had a Pop Belly pig.
I never had a pig.
I thought it was very fun in the house.
Oh, okay.
No.
Okay, well, can I call somebody a...
A D-bag?
No.
Oh, my God.
We have an open line in Broward to and Dade.
Five, six, seven, oh five, sixty, and pound five, sixty on the 18 T wireless line.
Was that cute or what?
Was that the...
No.
No, not really.
That was pathetic.
Here's a mobile avid chura.
Hello.
Hey, and you know how's it going?
Okay, sir.
Hey, I want to tell you something.
Every time I hear that bit with the lotion and the basket and the cosmetic surgeon,
no matter how many times I hear it, I still laugh my ass off.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Yeah, it really does.
Let me have a look at it.
Let me have a look at it.
It's hot to use the only sport where you can really get into the game if you're there.
You know, like as far as like baseball TV is kind of boring.
It's a football, it's all right.
Yeah.
But it's constantly the only sport where you really get more out of it by going to the game.
I think that's true with any game.
Why would you say that?
Although football, I don't know.
Football is perfect for television.
I gave up after about five years of it.
I gave up going over the dolphin games because it just suited for television better.
I'll be honest with you.
When you go to a professional football game, depending on where you're sitting,
it almost looks like a high school sporting event.
You know what I'm talking about?
Yeah, it doesn't have the same excitement or the same drama in person as it does when you're watching on TV.
Football, in fact, television may be, and I felt what it is today.
Yeah, I went through the Bronco game and I was actually on the field and actually had to that.
I smoked a cigarette with Larry Little.
Yeah.
Number 66 with a whole thing.
Yeah.
And I was pretty impressed with that.
But let me ask you a question on something.
Why is it that only people who go to the game to watch the fights never understand the game?
Well, you answered your own question to a theoretical question because if that's the only reason you go,
that means you don't understand the sport.
But why is hockey going to sport where they can fight except for boxing, of course?
Yeah.
Why don't they have balls and they don't have balls in baseball?
Well, but you get ejected.
I mean, here you get a couple of men of penalties come back in the game.
Well, because it's a much more physical game.
They're not, you know, they don't go back and hold hands in the title like they do in football, you know.
Yeah, more physical.
All right.
Thank you.
Okay.
Have a great day, pal.
It's a real man sport hockey is supposed to football, which is basically a panty sport.
Everybody knows that anybody watching those guys holding hands in the huddle.
That's a great club you moron.
We have an open line in Broward to indeed.
5, 6, 7.
I mean, they were those real tight pants.
You know, and they're grabbing each other around the crouching, they're rolling around in the mud together.
I mean, what do you call it?
That's a great club you moron.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Quarterback comes up, puts his hand under the center's record.
I mean, what is that?
What kind of a thing is that one guy comes up and sticks his hand under another guy's ass?
What do you call it?
That's a great club you moron.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line as we're coming to a bitter conclusion today.
I can smell it.
Here's a mobile in western.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I agree.
Everything you're saying about a little bubble out there on the ice.
But what kind of captain do you feel it's got in the middle of me?
Meaning what?
I don't think he does nothing for the team.
Okay, well, I'm real happy to hear that.
See, there you go.
There's a guy, another one of the original team.
A guy that really goes out there digs and works and gives it his all.
And this guy's talking to trying to keep him.
See what I'm saying?
Okay, one call left on the board.
We suddenly hit a brick wall here, baby.
We were rolling along yesterday for a Monday spectacular today.
Pretty damn good.
And now all of a sudden it's like, oh my god.
So that mentioned about that gigantic animal.
They all drove to the Golden Glades.
Where do we sign up?
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
139,502 for center one.
We're definitely going over 140 grand.
We're going to break the record this year.
Thank you, everybody.
You helped us out.
And thanks to once for doing a spectacular job.
And thanks to Sam and Chris and everybody in the WhatsApp name.
What was his name?
The other guy, Lou?
Yes.
Who helped us with the Q&M van out there.
We were able to travel thousands doing that every day.
Got a phenomenal total.
Really nice going.
And next year you know what I'm thinking?
Well, I'll tell you off the air.
So seriously, we could do a thing with the Phil Henry deal.
We could make a deal with Phil.
Where we would like in the spring.
Make available a certain number of his CDs for their charity out there.
If we were able to take like a similar number and pedal them for center one in the fall.
And raise yourself another 20 or 30 grand.
That sounds good.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Mobile in Miami.
Have a nice life.
Okay.
Another coward.
Mobile in for Lauderdale.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hi, Neil.
I bought a 94 Corvette convertible two years ago.
And lastly, I bought it for 27,000.
Yeah.
Last week I traded the car in.
The dealer gave me 26,000 on a new 99 convertible.
And you like that?
It is incredible.
The car.
Oh, it's a big one.
Now the 99 is just I love my 99.
I'm just obsessed with this car.
This car is so blind.
I got a natural blue.
Yeah.
And it's just the car does everything.
I got the pewter.
Incredible cars.
Yeah.
Absolutely incredible car.
Why anybody who can afford a Corvette,
we go out and spend twice as much money
for some stupid ass expensive sports car
that makes a lot of noise
and that requires all kinds of real expensive repairs.
I don't get it.
It doesn't really look very good.
I drove the 94 for two years.
Yeah.
And I got basically what I paid for it.
And I bought this car and had a thousand miles on it.
It had been titled once before.
Right.
And I saved about 8,000 off of sticker.
Beautiful.
And when I sold a car in two or three years,
I'll probably get back close to what I paid.
And the thing scares the heck out of you.
When you push that pedal down,
it was just incredible.
Right.
Hey, thanks again.
God bless you, sir.
I drive it in good health.
We have an open line and Broward to and date.
Any interest here this last part of the show?
No.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pound 5, 60 on the AT&T Warrows line.
Trace them a little bit today.
A little bit too much hockey talk.
I keep saying I'm never going to do this again.
But after last night's experience,
which I just cannot understand these people.
And I especially can't understand the inconsiderate people.
And yes, I will keep talking about you on the year
until you stop pulling the same craft every time you show up there.
Okay.
Over and over and over again.
You're inconsiderate.
You're obnoxious is what you are.
Okay.
I don't give a crap who you are.
If your conversations are so goddamn important
and earth shocking,
then go out into goddamn lobby and have them.
Go into T-Roman have them.
And let the rest of us,
let the 100 or 200 of us who are in that joys,
who are appreciates the game.
Let us see what's going on out there, okay?
I didn't invest my long two and a half or three minute drive
all the way from my house to the arena,
so I could sit there and watch the back of somebody's head.
Here's a mobile in North Miami Beach.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, this is the guy from, I called you a while back
in San Luis Obispo, remember?
No.
Well, last year it was and I ordered some CDs from you.
Yeah.
I'm here in town now and listening to the show.
And I wanted to tell you a thing happened
with a guy on a, on a merit online.
Yeah.
I put in one of my screen names that I was selling
synthetic shammies.
And the guy wrote me back from some place called Florida Natural
and he says that I had no right whatsoever to use the word
chamie, the HA M O I S.
Yeah.
And that word's in the dictionary and he says he's got a copy right
on the name.
Yeah.
So I wrote him an actual copy.
Ask him if he's got a copy right on the name douchebag,
see if he knows that one.
I'm going to, I'm going to ask him that.
But anyway, I just wanted to tell you that I've been
playing your show since I got here.
I'm a regional, I live in California.
And I ordered your CDs last year and I'm going to,
I'm going to get the, the, the, the, the, the, the,
okay. And thank you so much.
You have a great life and a good luck with that personality
transplant.
We have an open line in the two of men day five six seven,
they sounded like a, a little like him five six seven,
oh five 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, Neil, I say, like, say, I listen to you every day.
I really love your show.
One thing you talked about a while back when these basketball players
have to agree 100%.
I hope they don't pay on one red cent.
I think they're overpaid and I really don't have any sympathy for them.
Yeah.
And, uh, and I really appreciate the job that you're doing, Neil.
And if you've got a chance, can you play that Buffalo Bill song?
No.
Oh, the, but he always talking about the, I thought he was talking about Buffalo Bill,
our Buffalo Bill.
He's talking about Phil Henry.
What's that call?
The bill.
I know what it's called.
This stalling, having you learned by now with a, uh,
stall artist I am sitting on the stall.
Well, Buffalo has a football team.
The greatest in the land.
Man, everybody thinks they're great.
I say really hard.
The Buffalo Bill.
I don't know what that's all I want.
See what I mean?
So just sing along.
When you say my amnesty.
When you say Buffalo Super Bowl.
And here's that Buffalo Bells.
Buffalo Bells.
Degraded team in the history of human race.
Degraded team in the history of human race.
That's Buffalo Bells.
Degraded team.
Inflized bread and canned beer.
Yeah, there you go.
And you're, and you're jazzed up that redneck stuff.
Listen to that banjo.
Holy sweet god listen to that.
When you say Buffalo Bill's, it don't sound so redneck.
You do it.
Everybody sing along now.
Are you Bill fan?
Here we go.
Where's the Buffalo Bill's are the best teams?
They have the best record over the last five years.
We can't wait to the Super Bowl for a hard time.
Which is more than I can say for this scum second season.
And they're at the greatest.
Because they really like their uniforms.
They share his hellbeat the heck out of having a fish.
Y'all the hell, because they're not Buffalo Whole Bells.
The best football teams.
What I ever seen in the history of my life.
They are the Buffalo Bells.
The Buffalo Bells.
The whole of Jim Kelly, the greatest quarter back in the league.
Yeah, everybody.
That Buffalo Bells.
That's a Buffalo Bells.
And they've been around longer than the stinkin' rotten fish.
Well, that's a Buffalo Bells.
Buffalo Bells.
What would you rather have as a pet a Buffalo or a fish?
Okay, 126 and 560 WGQAM.
We have 72 open lines in date, 400 and broard.
567, 05, 60, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Don't forget that micron PC bowl.
The night anybody's gonna be watching.
It's gonna be listening.
It's gonna be there.
Okay, thank you.
Then, so, get away from the ball, motherfucker.
Car theft is on the rocks.
In America, a car was stolen every 12 seconds.
What can you do to protect your car?
An expensive car alarm system won't protect your car from being stolen.
The club won't protect the valuables inside your car.
But a big black guy named Ben Kamp.
You don't worry from the car, motherfucker.
Or less than you'd pay for an expensive car alarm system.
And even less than you'd pay for the club,
you can get a big black guy named Ben to protect your automobile.
Get away from the car, motherfucker.
It's simple to use.
Just leave the big black guy named Ben in your car whenever you get out.
And he does the rest.
Whenever anyone gets within six feet of your car, Ben simply gets out of the car and tells them.
Get away from the car, motherfucker.
Listen to these testimonials from people who use a big black guy named Ben.
It's always nice to have someone to ride with, although he really doesn't say much.
Just get away from the car, motherfucker.
That's about it.
I didn't get a big black guy named Ben to chat with.
He got him to protect my car.
It's the best investment I've ever made.
My name of it isn't that great.
There have been a lot of car thefts.
I can't tell you how many times I've tried to get away from the car, motherfucker.
Knowing that I've got a big black guy named Ben, protecting my car, let's me sleep better at night.
Calm down.
1-800-1 big guy.
That's 1-800-1-BIG-GUI.
And instead of hearing this, you'll hear this.
Get away from the car, motherfucker.
Thank you 1-30-560-WDQM.
I'm going to save these two other things.
This Howard Beal column about Channel 4, which is falling apart with the seams and how they suck and loosen their ass.
The other one about the...
The dancing, the happy people, the history of the football dancing.
They'd be doing it.
They'd be styling.
They'd be a jukin' and jive.
Don't there's that ball hitting the bokeh brine?
I shouldn't only show up now that I brought him some cash.
We have an open line in Broward, all three in date.
5-6705-60 and 0.560 on the AT&T wireless line.
We're coming to a very bitter pill to swallow in here today.
I wonder what that's all about, huh?
You think it's that pure real stuff?
Yeah, I think that they wouldn't know who now he is.
Including the people that we're cheering and carrying on.
They also don't know who he is.
Here's a pompe-no.
Good afternoon, Uncle.
Neil, welcome.
Yes, sir.
You're right about the fans in the arena.
We've talked about this before.
I had the occasion of evening to sit up in one of the automobile dealers' suite.
And you know, right below us is Club level.
And these jerks are standing up just waving at the screen and waving at the time I had to put my hand on a guy's shoulder and say...
Sit down.
Yeah.
You know, put your ass in the seat.
And you know, regarding the knowledge of the fans,
Gune, I grew up and we learned the game in the same way.
Hockey night in Canada.
Mm-hmm.
Okay?
Yeah.
I can't one of these TV stations here.
Butch up, roll a pair, and bring us Hockey night in Canada.
Because there's no hockey fans that are well, if you get yourself a small dish and stop being defeated.
I have it.
Well, there you go.
I have it, but I'm talking about the fans who don't know the game.
We've learned the game of the athletes.
You know, you're missing the point.
The fact is that it's very easy.
It's very simple.
If you want to make the effort, if you want to go there and watch the game or if you want to watch my television,
all 82 Panther games are on television this season.
That's the sixth year we've had it here.
There's nothing difficult about it.
It's exciting.
It's cintillating.
It's great.
Although quite frankly, most of the games we play this year aren't so exciting as cintillating.
It's like last night.
Two-thirds of the game was spent like in La La land.
It was about five or six or seven minutes there at various parts.
They're like back and forth like a real hockey game.
Most of them have been coma affairs.
But if you really want to learn it, these people don't care.
They don't have that much of an interest.
It's just a social event.
It's a place to go.
It's something to do.
You're absolutely right.
They have no interest.
You should see the people up there in that family's lounge.
Yeah.
And they're just like sitting around.
And I'm running to get back to my seat.
You know, and they're just sitting there.
Hey, listen, you can go out there.
When I, you know, what was as soon as the TV time out, life comes out in a little pink light.
I run out if I have to take a leak.
And if you could see the thousands of people that are milling around out there in the middle of a period,
while the game is going on, they don't care.
Hang out.
Have a good one, I'll call me back to you.
Take care.
It's just this guy.
He doesn't understand.
He's from a hockey player.
This is not a hockey player.
Is it?
No, no, no, no.
No, no, no, no.
No, no, no, no.
Oh, no.
Oh, no, no, no.
No, no, no.
That's it all.
Shut up.
Shut up.
We don't care.
They don't want to know.
There are no hockey fans, it's like looking for a needle in the goddamn haystack, right?
Yes.
Open line in the Broward Too and Dave.
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eight tn t wireless
line
here's weston hello
hello yes sir
oh i've well i was a weird connection
uh... yeah i have a thing to plan about no matter where you go down here
for sports
the people just love to stand up in front of you understand that they're
ruled their inconsiderate they don't care about it whether anybody else
can see it back there but they're probably
in sense over the fact that there's always a bunch of actually want to see
what's going on out there
although they're ready to fight with you over it
i i i went to that uh... now i don't know any football game but what is the
devor game
uh... the other night yeah
and uh...
same problem that the guys
like four of them stand up every single play
and they're encouraging everybody out the round them to stand up to
uh... i don't understand that
well i think i'll maybe a little bit too much tailgating
problem that okay
well one of those money night games you know that's for sure
uh...
the funny thing i heard the other day uh... when you were doing uh... just
you were playing all the different cards what had you know
uh... i didn't realize that uh...
the jewish real jewish man named i said the car warning system for the actual
phone call oh sure i actually called in we made him into a star that's right
that was the best
that's why i guess i
i would like to hear
that phone call again if you get an opportunity to play that you mean the original
thing
yeah i i i i i i i i would prefer to have a heart
i can't believe somebody actually
talk that way
i heard a uh... commercial
on your station
yesterday about one o'clock in the afternoon
something about uh...
a voice would uh... speak out
if someone approaches your uh... automobile
and i'd be a voice of a big black something rather
would come out
and say
get away from my
automobile
or you're too close to my automobile
you beg
mf
i object seriously
profanity like that
on on the radio and i i object to the
profanity
and that type of advertising
i believe in free speech but that's too far
i don't hear
with her
complaints from you
i will send a letter to the
federal communications commission
because no kind of that kind of language
is certainly not acceptable on on
public radio
it might be alright between individuals
not on the radio
uh... you can call me back on
uh...
uh...
uh...
okay twenty four till two at five sixty wq a
that
gator me
in toy store now
from the makers of tickle me almo
it's the all new
take that thing out of the almo
mf
almost taking my temperature with his hands
the new take that thing out of the almo and coming soon
the vibrating almo
mf
in toy stores now
twenty one till two at five sixty wq and kimba both campers coming up at
two o'clock this afternoon he's like i said full of punches he's gonna tell
you how then marine or jimmy johnson hit each other like poison isn't
gonna tell you that
here's a mobile in my any hello
mail
in fact kimba both campers the one guy this radio station that had the
car horns to stand up to jimmy johnson ice going to be a sir
great
a couple couple quick things here first of i don't know what's going on
the connection of called a couple times
over the past uh...
couple months here and every time you you can act with me it to the air goes
completely blank from that
i don't know if you knew that or not the air goes blank yet it's it's weird i can
hear you say like that
last half of of hello
i don't like this crappy phone system you know
talk about the swish
i wouldn't doubt it i thought you was the other night driving your beautiful
court that yeah
and uh... my wife says i wish it pulled to the light and say hello to him and
i'd probably
that note of that because you get enough of that
yeah
want to leave you be
anyway uh... this number twenty six i wake up i get the herald
yeah and i go and sit down my cup of coffee relax the kids are sleeping
and i'll put it up to happy quanza
and i'm just kind of curious is that why are we endorsing this
well what we endorsing it why that i don't even know what it is i know it's a
black it's an african holiday what what is it i mean i don't like how it is
my understanding is that the african christmas
yeah
and well let me ask you're we in africa
well so what's what's what's it's called more pandering the herald is the
greatest pan to run the face of the year
i i agree with you i just it's really
ruined my morning because you know we we endorse the week we were right when
i wake up on the fifth of may every right i don't pick up the sun settle on
the front page they happy single the mile
i i i i know i don't care who you are what color what
yeah as long as your productive member of the city it's called divide and
conquer divide and conquer it's partly a whole establishment game plan in this
country is to compartmentalize the country and do a especially with minorities
like blacks is to convince them that all of a sudden they're not really
american their africans they have a separate culture they have a separate
language they got ebonics and bubonics it's all a bunch of bullcrap i i told
garbage i i agree with you know i said it's and that's why brought up this thing
yesterday about uh you know i don't want to single it like Lamar Thomas i mean
he's just one of many all these guys these black athletes that go out there
and and it's embarrassing it's humiliating it sets racial relations back a
hundred years and even on most white people would lie to you and tell you oh
it's entertaining he's and it's not entertaining it's embarrassing it's a
jibass nigger thing to do and that's what america's sitting back and thinking
when they see that i'm not entertaining about it yeah but i wonder why more people
don't stand up i mean because most people are cowards for the same reason
that most people won't tell you they don't believe in god they know it's a bunch of
bullcrap they're scared as hell to die because they know that when they die
they go in the ground and they rot they're not going to tell you that oh the lord
often having the pearly gates tell him a bunch of crap like that the pearly gates
my ass yeah i i agree anyway i just want to throw my two cents second thing real quick
yes sir we haven't been to any panther games this year my wife's the fan i'm a fan
we we just haven't had the time with two new kids at home um we got a couple we
got a little bit of money for Christmas and we're thinking about going to see a
anything up in the next couple weeks that you'd you'd recommend any teams that we should go
to the penguins coming Wednesday i mean or what no what's i'm confused what's
how they is it today i don't even know what day it is with all day we got the ducks on friday
the mighty duxed noon that said annual New Year's Day game and then we got the penguins in Saturday
all right what time does that again noon i'll stand and i'll try and do that one
the ducks i mean they got at least they got a couple of good players on that team
yeah that's i i may consider that too okay thanks i'm gonna see you there bye
you know what they say about the ducks they say uh do something that the ducks that rhymes with duck
but uh you never know with Paul korean to the team who's salami salami
how's that salami guy doing we have an open line in brown five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty on the 18 to wireless line i mean you know this is just uh i don't know where all
these people came from supposedly they came around from up north
hockey was really big up north and these people have followed up there and they know
anything about it down here okay so that's the end of that conversation why be the dead
god damn horse okay no matter what color it is right here's here's a bokeh hello
yeah nil yes sir that kawans that we started by a black american the businessman or something
back in i don't know seventy two or eighty two to compete with christmas yeah oh black to compete
with christmas yeah yeah now where do you shop like in a co-ouncing hut i don't know but listen i
appreciate what you did lay a christmas eve with DJ and in your mix and those songs yeah i mixed
in that fine job yeah i bet it was great you did a little bit on every past the radio celebrity in
the area for the past five years mm-hmm and i was wondering maybe you could do the same thing new
years you know you mean Thursday yeah i'll think about it all right thank you by the way rick
rally if you must be really part of the show rick and suds will be on jane way forth on the
stupid talk but the real story is that they were getting candid people drew uh can them and so
we're not going to renew you and then rick rally came in and carried on like a petal and child
and wind and uh went nuts as a matter of fact i hear now wet by payah yeah that too
and he said oh you need a morning show Pete you got no morning show you need us you got nothing
else where the only guys that went up in life and and then boy just got the nerve that fact that
somebody sent to me in response to their letter about putting the battling broke back on in the
afternoon and all the crap all the harm that the clear channel has done to that operation over there
and he factures the guy back and while we put the uh best the strongest act we've got in the morning
that's why we're putting rick and suds on it and this is the same guy that was going to blow him out
Pete boulder continues to be the number one liar in the radio business in america
oh at least that i've met so far maybe there's somebody who got him beat i haven't met him
a phony a backstab or a lying piece of turd like you've never seen in your life
how do you have a conscience how do you sleep at night Pete boulder knowing how many lives
you're destroying in the process okay from craig war thing to rick and sud to everybody over there
some really good people some nice people some decent people some hardworking people some talented
people and do you give a crap no you don't here's western hello
now yes i am we could get an update on the mba lockout through the kingfish
through the kingfish yeah you know right he's okay well you know must move my move come on get with it
get with it yeah okay whatever you said okay would you name by your understanding what he's
talking about no we have an open line of date two and groward five six seven oh five sixty
pond five sixty on the AT&T wireless line here's a mobile in parkland hello i've never heard so many
stock asks why yeah okay like you i should have known sooner or later before the day without
especially this hour now that it's winding down to just what are you get out like four or five
words here this time why do you believe your time asshole why do you even waste your time now he's
in parkland he's in point and beat he's in lake worth no matter where he calls from he's still from
hunger this guy this asshole he's a jackass he's an asshole god with that voice years i mean what a dead
giveaway with that voice that they kicked your ass out of New York in fact when Rudy Giuliani
uh came in his mayor in New York that's the first thing he did is kick this at jackass out of the city
they said put him up on a bus and send him anyplace preferably south Florida he'll fit in like a
rubber glove in somebody's back down he does here's Kendall hello Neil how are you buddy okay sir happy
near and same to you appreciate all the fun years of showmanship you give it us well i want to talk
about the panda schedule we don't play the ducks at home we don't know who we play on the year's day
Caroline we don't call it all right that's right we play a carol a right this is that little
that's very careful what you know what i'm thinking because it used to be yeah oh we were talking
about that last night that's how i got my mind screwed up we were talking that we used to play the
ducks on New Year's Day we didn't want you twice exactly we have no tradition anymore oh we have
carol line it that's why because we're in this crappy division so i apologize i'm sorry sir
carol line is coming in on New Year's Day new you don't want to see that come to the
pay the ducks at home at all at all yeah which really sucks uh huh well anyway i want to talk
about i agree with you uh 1500 percent now with this uh you dance all fans p2o well you know
they jump on how come everybody that is calling me today is all agreeing the ones that
are because the people that agree a they don't listen to show be no that that that's not true
okay absolutely incorrect okay they don't know anything about hockey a b if they were to call
you show they're you know they're gonna they're gonna say oh it's a great you know they don't know
what are they gonna say nothing they're gonna say absolutely nothing because they're in the fog
just like the rest of the fans down here that's do with anything when it's going be
there cheering for Whitney they you know it's just these are the same people that um you know
i mean i mean i mean Whitney scores one of the most beautiful goals in the history of the team
and he gets like a half a line in each column by David J. Neil and Michael Russo in the papers today
nothing ever again it'll be a highlight goal on every hockey show all over north america for the
rest of the season and here you get like a half a line because you got bozos writing about stuff
they don't know what they're writing about like David J. Neil writes that all of the islanders go
pulled them within one when they never got closer than two in a whole game there you go they
like time they were within one was when it was none nothing one nothing nothing nothing nothing
going back to the bracket why is it that it seems like the most imbosiled people work in broadcasting
you excluded but like how you read that memo yesterday what other business would write a memo
about coffee cups yeah i used to be in the business and i remember reading these notes about
balloons and uh remotes and the stupidest things like that call please don't use the coffee cups i
mean and this is a supposedly uh semi-core-quote major market uh-huh TV station yeah
in Canberra, Marshall you know what though oh wait wait till i read you this piece tomorrow on this
to channel four thing it's unbelievable you should read memos from bronca that would kill a few
good days okay great memos from wins especially remember uh David Havley oh yeah now i don't want
to give you have a great day pal i don't like it deep breath that's how it like peat the board
up we have two open lines in date five six seven he's getting to him first to identify himself
because he's so chronic now good guy but really chronic five six seven oh five six eight pound five
six the only eighteen two wireless line it'll life beat here's Kendall hello new how's it going
okay sir all right i'm a seasoned ticket holder for the passage i listen to your show every day
with this is the first time i ever called all right and uh first of all i was going to tell you
about the mighty duck game but the guy uh yeah i just got a brain shot and that kind of
played the duck sugar last year or the year before i know you actually do play the duck
time yeah i have season tickets up in the upper level and i have a few things that i noticed every
game if you haven't pointed out okay first of all the scoreboard operations why is that guy fired yet
not the guy that's operating the clock but the guy that's putting up the graphics stuff there
yeah during the washing game when they showed the goalie match up and the starting line up you
didn't notice it because i know you were to talk about this one for all of coldly
they spelled his name cold jizz cold jizz right yeah instead instead of zigg maybe that's
something else on their mind yeah and then last night uh kavasha kavasha scores a goal
they put them up there for a penalty it's a panthers penalty only kavasha two minutes
instead of panthers go or you do understand that most most of those people that are being
don't know kasha from kavasha they don't know the difference you know the people up there have no clue
what they're doing yeah you're just getting paid whatever it is for the hour the bill you know the
the fact that the sound guy has still got a job as many weeks into the season with the horrendous job
that he's done uh i guess if you got a job there you have a job for life for whatever reason
and that that was another thing on it to talk about was the sound they put speakers up in the
upper level uh like little cube speakers yeah you i know you said in the lower level
oh and by the way somebody told me i don't want to say who told me but little birdie told me
that when they put the speaker system in there the speakers have all been installed backwards
which is why it sounds so bad that wouldn't surprise me no i'm not making that up that's a true
story the speakers were installed backwards well you know they put these speakers up in the upper
level halfway through into the season yeah and some games they use them and like just like last night
they don't use them and i know you say it's too loud in the lower bowl but in the upper bowl last
now you couldn't hear anything really you can't hear anything why can they just turn those speakers
on in the upper level i mean it's ridiculous they put these speakers up there they weren't up there
at the beginning of the season yeah they put them up there now and then they don't use them
and last night you can hear the guy mumbling well that's what we had the week before so it kind of
balances out yeah yeah that one game i believe was a capital game right pretty loud yeah i got
to where he was saying and then the go lights too i mean they go on when they don't score they don't
go on when they do score oh and they don't have to worry about where i said them going on when
they don't cause they just don't go on period where we are you couldn't see them for love or
money and it's just it's not going to change they don't care they don't give a crap and like i
said when you got 19,500 people in there and 19,000 of them think that a big black eye who can't
skate is the great hockey player and the guy to get excited about how do you expect the fans to
make a ruckus and say we want to be able to see the go lights when a goal is scored they don't care
unbelievable and then how about the glass every game that piece comes off at the top
yeah when you buy all the parts that you know use the auto body a joint so don't work out
have a great way i knew your plan hey listen we're having a good time are we having a good time
there you but we're having a kick-ass time 153 at 560 wqa m
