All in the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs. They don't come any better than Neil Roger. On Saint Patrick's Day, everyone is Irish. Even MTV's hottest couple. It's on Newly Wednesday, Patrick's Day. Hi, I'm Nick Olishay. And I'm Jessica Olishay. Oh, God. Oh, God. Is he Irish too? Oh, I'm... Nick and Jessica celebrate all things Irish on on Newly Wednesday, Patrick's Day. Look, baby. A four-leaf clover. A four-leaf clover. I wish I knew it that man. A good luck. Ah, you're right. I'll never figure it out. Join the Newly Wednesdays. They sit down for a traditional Irish feast. You're just trying some corn beef. You, baby. You know I don't eat corn. Don't miss on Newly Wednesday, Patrick's Day. Only on McTV. All right, happy Saint Patrick's Day. Let's 10-0 on everybody's going to turn green. I remember at IOD they used to bring all those green bagels in. That's right. They did do that, didn't they? In fact, I think that was a sunny herhting. Is that recall? I don't know. Probably Henry Barrow thing too. Oh, because Henry any kind of food or drink. That was free. Henry was on top of that. Fracti made us look like pikers. Right. So happy Saint Patrick's Day. And let's see. 1815 votes on yesterday's pool, which had promises last were taken about Howard Stern. Because I got to be honest. I'm fed up with Howard Stern. Because Howard is all about Howard. The issue that we're talking about that we're trying desperately to get a little bit of attention to isn't about Howard Stern going off the earth on six stations. Most of which are in minor markets except for South Florida. All of which are minor markets except for that one. It's about freedom of speech. It's about everybody in the business. And Howard being so egocentric who thinks that the whole world revolves around his ugly old ass. I'm just tired of him with his 30 million year. Why not just take the money and run as what I would do? Anyway, we asked yesterday how is the crew channel dumping of Howard Stern affected your listening? 1815 votes. I never listened to Stern anyway, 745. I'm going to listen to the radio before 10 now, 362. I listen to music in the morning, now, 1702. I listen to Moans y'all rose now, 164. That's so good. Right. I listen to Bob and Tom, 125 and excellent choice, even though of course they're having a water there show down too. I listen to Paul and ancient Ron now, 88. Boy, boy. I've turned a satellite radio of 68, not much are listening to Stern on the net still 51. And I listen to Howard David now, not Joe, but Howard David at 40. Last place. I'm saluted. But he's used to that. It's a bad pole. He's in the first place. If it's a good pole, he's in last place the moment. But he and Joe are doing a little something there, right? I went out and bought three books yesterday, which are on our website already. Nice going, Eric. Three books for you. Craig Unger and thanks for ever turning out of this book. Remember I got the fast few days ago to the book. I think I'm Monday. So the books coming out tomorrow, so I'm going to answer the important. Craig Unger, the house of Bush, the house of Saud, the secret relationship between the world's two most powerful dynasties and tight relationship if you look at that cover. And they're holding hands real tight. There's Bush and Prince Bondar and man, they're both holding Prince Bondar and Smilin. And Bush looks like he's going to take a really heavy duty. If he catch my drift. Yeah. Then let's see American dynasty and there's W and Daddy George Herbert Walker Bush and George W Bush. I'm going to cover that one Kevin Phillips. Good old Republican economist and strategist in this and that. But he's not too crazy about the Bush clan. American dynasty, aristocracy, fortune and the politics of the seat in the house of Bush. And last but not least, Eric Alterman and Mark Green. The book on Bush, how George W Bush misleads America on a cover is kind of kukas. It's got like leads, but mis in the parentheses. How George W Bush misleads America by Eric Alterman and Mark Green. So I got a lot of heavy duty reading it. I'm just reading the flap. The one that was on Janet Jackson's. I might just read the flap from Craig Unger's book since that's the one I'd say. And I just mentioned this two thanks to a chronic faggier of ours. I'm not going to get into a big deal on this because I don't want to sound like paranoid, but just market down on a counter on St. Patty's day that would should make it easy to remember. That there's a story in the Tehran times. Now consider the source that says. Over the past few days in the wake of bombings in Carbola and any logical disputes that delayed the assignings of Iraq's interim constitution, there have been reports that US forces have unloaded a large cargo of parts for constructing long-range missiles and weapons of mass destruction in the southern ports of Iraq. Again, just a rumor, US unloading WMD in Iraq. So if sometimes between now and election days say like maybe in October, you know, those October surprises. Oh, we say, hey, look at this. I'm going to save this storm. I'm going to put it in my pile to save. Right. And then we can go back to and say, oh, guess what? Because a lot of people have said, well, you know, we'll just tie to much of stuff over there and say, oh, it was here all along. We just found it. I just mentioned that in passing. That's what we got to do that. Let's do the first pull here. I got two pulls inspired by the Sun Sentinel. Well, I got a lot of stuff today. I'm never going to get it in. Good thing we all got no ball game today. Nice job there on that ball game yesterday. Clarence, you idiot. That was pretty sad. Put it anyway. Here's our first pull. And the Sun Sentinel, I'm stealing it directly from them. Which I never do that. But I'm doing it because I was fascinated. I was amazed. I was pleased to see the result of their pull. The question was how often you visit a church in a God mosque, rather house a worship. I checked it again this morning and had over 4,000 votes. 99 people said every day, 2.4%. Several times a week, 229 people said that 7.8%. Once a week, 741, 17.6%, occasionally, 1,400, that's a third, 33.3%. You turn and 1641 said never, 39%. So 72.3% of the people responded of about 4,000 votes in a Sun Sentinel. Either occasionally or never attend, synagogue, church, mosque, house a worship, etc. How do you like that? A lot. Oh, Tonya Harding is behind a beaded curtain girl today. Did you look at that picture? Yeah, of course I found it. You found it? I was well-t found it, sure. Oh, you found the picture. Yeah, yeah. I see. And now we all see. Oh, so sad. Anyway, Robert Grippers and a lot of trouble. But is it no as Robert Gripper, board offered last how many years a QAM? About 3 to man? No as that this Charles McCoy, this is the real McCoy man. Is his identical twin or it's Robert Gripper in drag? I don't know. Charles McCoy June 28, suspect in 2000 Ohio shootings had been arrested in Las Vegas, according to Sheriff's Officials and an Affirm County Ohio. Federal enforcement forces said McCoy was captured without incident. Another McCoy's capture came after a sister on Tuesday made a public plea for him to call home telling her brother that everything is going to be okay. Oh, we're fine. Quest suspected in 24 shootings since May 2003, most of them driving along Columbus's outer belt highway. One of the shootings was fatal. But you're like that. So there he is. Charles McCoy, Jr. Rest in Vegas. Looks just exactly like Robert Gripper, which explains a lot of things while Robert is a self-hating right winged you. Right Robert? Boy. And last but not least, I've got to just a whole bunch of stuff here. I want to give that thing about the website about the petition drive, which congratulations to Alani that signed on or stop at CC.com. See, I realize that this is not about how it's stern. It's about the whole idea of censorship and freedom of speech for all of us in the industry and for those of you who are listening is which is everybody. See, that's what it's about. And I was astonished and shocked to realize that Howard's got his own, what which is fine, he's entitled. He's got his own petition drive going, sign the boycott clear channel, get Howard back on air petition. And this is a guy that's on in New York, LA, Chicago, Detroit, Philadelphia, every major market in the country, sub-south Florida. They've got 4,000 and 72 signatures as of this morning. And this has been on there for quite some time. 4,072. You catch my drift? Yep. And they also have a link on freesturn.com. They got a link to stop FCC.com and they're not making much impact evidently because New York is only got about 33 or 3500 votes or a signers. And we're up to almost 3,000 in South Florida. And we're going to get a lot more than that. I'll tell you that right now. We're not that it's some kind of a contest, but it's just amazing to me that somebody who has so much cloud allegedly isn't getting the kind of response that he should be getting. You see my drift? Mm-hmm. Yeah. Very disturbing. Good poll. We're going to take what's inspired today because of Mohour David at this morning, which is really amazing. Now tonight we've got the Panthers and Islanders in the Mac Arena at 730. We'll have the pre-game at 7 o'clock game at 730 with Jeff Rimmer and old Red deer Randy Moller. Jeff Rimmer. And the reason being that the TV tonight is being done by Judge McDonald and Denise Panthpan. Wow. Wow. And so as a result of that, because Judge is retiring after the season, how many years has he been broadcast in hockey? Not good man. Including all those stuff, I understand the current victories. He was run out of town on a rail, basically. Here in Toronto after two years, and the fans hated him like poison, and they wanted Joe Bowenback, which is easy to understand. And Moller just attached his lips to a jigsman, a prostate, or over the phone this morning, and just they were, it was pretty embarrassing. I heard a couple of minutes of it. Old Moll. He was a lucky, lucky, lucky. And I'm more admitted, he doesn't know anything about hockey, he hates it, he finds it grow caskets, crap, y'all y'all y'all. And yet he was going on with jugs, just his idea, just his way to kiss his ass. About well, you know, you just do the straight game, you just, you know, you don't feel to have to embellish with all that. Like Mike Lang would scratch my back when I hack saw and stuff like that. You don't do that. Right? And jigs, I didn't hear what he said, because I went and went to the toilet at that point, and I thought that was a good time to go. I mean, jigs McDonald would all do respect. I meant to put him in the same category with Mike Lang would be like putting more Howard David in the same category would like water crunkights. See what I'm saying? It's a little bit ludicrous, but nevertheless, good luck to you, Joggs. Okay? You're a good guy, never stole a freight train. I heard a few things from JD about you, but nevertheless, from a Saturday, 10 at 5, 60 WQM, if you're in a dead end job like Joggs McDonald, if you're underpaid and overworked. Well, if you want a new career, but you just don't have the time to cash to go to college, here's the answer for you. Don't get into a dither. What is a dither? Remember Mr. Dither's? What was that in Blondie? I don't, okay? Wouldn't that be? Yeah. Is that the boss? Mr. Dither's was, I think, the boss. Well, anyway, call fast-range, say goodbye to your present boss and get you a new better one. By getting a career in a big fat paycheck that goes along with it. Fast-range can have your train in certified for a high-paying computer network professional career, and a short of time is just four easy months. What's that? Just a few weeks. You can be fully trained already for a great new career in just as little as four months. Fast-range offers day-eating weekend classes to fit around your schedule. They offer job placement assistance to the naturelated those who qualify, and because they have seven convenient floor to locations to serve you, fast-range bound to have one convenient by where you live. So don't delay if you really want to change your life for the better just make one easy call you'll be amazed at how much it can do for you. Call fast-range it and get that training you need to have a real career. Call 1866 Fast-range or if you like check them out on the web at fast-range.com. When you call me sure mention Todd Drex named Neil Peanour Pants. Call tool-free 1866 Fast-range. My life and law this is 42561. You wait for me. Now, my dad way down on my couch. Oh, right. Oh, right. Oh, we're coming down for 7-0, Pants in 1866. Oh, right. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. What does that mean? Well, no, no, no, no. Nobody knows the trouble we've seen yet, but was just an accident. Nobody got hurt. Okay. It was just like I said in the godfather. There was an accident, but nobody got hurt. It's just relax. Are you a soldier who refused to return to duty in Iraq after seeing civilians killed was ordered yesterday. Did any report to a Georgia military base or face arrest for being an azerter? Staff Sergeant Camino Mejia. Remember Roman Mejia used to play for the pirates? No. Oh, and I never got to our second poll that we're going to love be doing. We've done it before. But in honor of Judge McDonald and Moe who was your favorite sportscaster of all time. And yeah, we'll put on there. I don't care about sports for all you a penny waste out there like George. And George has even got a choice on here. You put good chambi on there. Like favorite sports note. He's the favorite even though George hates sports like poison. I wasn't a fucking dog. We love food a lot. We like food a lot. We like food a lot. We like boo-glad. We like boo-glad. Anyway, we'll get to that. I got a nice list going and you can do it. But we got bigger fish to fry right now. Anyway, Staff Sergeant Camino Mejia, who was seeking to be declared a conscientious object. And met with his officials at his Florida National Guard unit North Miami Armour after repeating his determination not to return to the Middle East in fight. I'm prepared to go to prison because I'll have a clear conscience. He said after conflicting accounts on his status, Florida National Guard spokesman John Mayitz had me he had been classified as a deserter because he'd been missing from his unit for more than 30 days. He has not rejoined his units and is going on leave in October. Mayitz said, a warrant to arrest me he has a deserter could be issued if he failed to appear at Fort Stewart, Georgia by three this afternoon. He said, may he has not been charged in the case. His attorney, Louis Fondsett, he facts paper seeking conscientious objectious status to Fort Stewart yesterday. You go, Louis. And by the way, Louis, this corn sure is special. Wait to hear this. How much you don't know about this? About what? So many dead candidates, you know what? Yeah. And so little time. This is in Viral Beach, no less. The body of a local socialite once related by marriage to the Kennedy family was found in a sucking car, authority said. Huh. Do you know that? That's Kennedy's in those grounding cars. A lot of dead candidates and a lot of drownings and cars. Police did not suspect fall play in the F-65 year old Hope Sheridan. Hope Sheridan is okay on passions. Who was last seen March 8, family members in Wind of New York reported a missing on March 11th. And by the way Sheridan is doing an Antonio now, which is wow. Sheridan is the ex-mother and law of Michael Schakele, a cousin of Robert F. Kennedy Jr. See the piece of this puzzle starting to fit together? Schakele 42, of course, is serving 20 years to life in prison for the beating death of his grandnest connetic neighbor, Martha Moxley in 1975. You know what, even though he didn't do it? Dryer a diver's fine Sheridan's car Monday after a sheriff's helicopter noted, two faint parallel marks at the end of a retention pond. The car was submerged in about 15 feet of water 75 feet from shore. Mary Joe Capetti was also in there. Release pieces over. Sheridan's body was found on the passenger side to take a Keith Harmon's city, said that we know Skitt marks on the grassy area going into the water. Keith Harmon in a relationship to Don Harmon from Northfield, downs. It appears from the preliminary findings this was an accidental deaths at Indian River County Sheriff's Book from Joe F. Fisher, investigators are waiting the results of a medical examiner's toxicology test. You don't think, uh-oh. Like maybe she'd roll off the road. Did they have to load something like that? So another dead Kennedy, oh, it's speaking of that. Speaking of dead things, very jackass writes in a hero today. The heat announced yesterday at Schifting its entire TV package to cable beginning their season. No judges upset about that. Ah, yeah, bummed. As part of a multi-year deal, sunshine will currently set a day games per season this season. The heat has got 46 games on sunshine. But third man on UPN 33 and six on Channel 4. Michael McCullough, the heat's keep marketing officers said that the decision to move the package entirely to cable was a tough call. But the team's research indicated almost 90% of heat fans are regular cable watchers. Yati, yati, yati, so no more that Channel 433 crap known bad. You got at least by cable, right? Right. Who does that kind of cable? I was just going to say, what kind of slippers don't have cable anyway? Hillbilly. No, they have just... What was that? I said Hillbilly's. They don't have 132 votes already on here. And this is disgraceful. How often you visit a church synagogue, mosque or other house of worship? 142 now, never 93, 65 point for a percent of this audience. Oh, shame on you people. We're all going to be in hell together. Occasionally 42, once a week for a couple of times, a week to and every day one. Now that's got to be a priest. Done it? I've got to be somebody who's working on the job. Every day, what kind of crazy person goes to church or mosque or synagogue every single day? Probably somebody who's doing a lot of sinning. Maybe it's Greg Reed. You think? That way they call it a sin, they call it a sin, they call it a sin, a God. A sin, a God, right? A sin of day keeps the old father away. 560, 5056, the only 18 in T line. Don't let me forget to read the jacket of that one book. Okay. If this line line is been flashing here, frankly, for ever since I sat down, QAM. Yeah, this is Scott. Stop, FCC.com. Hey Scott, how you doing? Good. I want to thank you for plugging the site. You have a tremendous response down there. Well, we're trying. Now let me ask you, how long were you on with Howard that clock? As I listened to the woman a clip on her that day. Yeah, that's about as long as I was on. But they did ask me to call back. They gave me the hotline number and I'm trying to get back on. Totally tomorrow. Well, how come he's only got 3300 votes out in the York. You think there'd be 30 or there'd be 300,000 on there already? Well, that's a very good question. You need no seriously. Scott, you need to lean on him because you have no idea how much I appreciate to fact that you're doing this. Now, how come I never got an email back from this thing? Many people have spam filters and bulk mail and all of that kind of stuff. Oh, I see. I see. And a lot of times we get caught up in those filters because it looked like it could be a junk email. But in reality, it's a verification email. So, but in other words, if we don't get the email, then our vote doesn't count? It's not that it doesn't count. If we're able to verify the email address exist, then it'll go through. A lot of people give a bogus email and it'll bounce back. And that tells our server that you're not a valid person. Well, we're doing the best we can. It looks like we passed Ohio and Pennsylvania, like we're standing still. I'm just trying to get people whipped up because this is a grotesque and of course, Congress, like you saw when they'd in D.C. build past 391 to 22. I mean, that's at a disgrace. So, we're trying to get people whipped up and make a message. If you didn't get like several million, I would think people on this once, it would then, a matter of a few months, then they might wake up and take a look at it. I sent me hope, so. And I think radio stations like you was for getting me on the air and getting the website and traffic. Well, we're going to do everything we can to get you as much responses we can. Scott, keep up the good work, man. Thank you. Thanks a lot. That's Scott, who started this whole thing. Stop FCC, calm, how do you like that? He actually found out about us. I mean, this shows the best kept secret in America naturally. And that's the way the government likes it. But, uh, now let me take a look at that. Did you take a look at it? Oh, uh, what? What are you talking about? No, I want to make sure that we're over 3000 for Florida. That's a good point that he brought up because my span's solder, it's solders and out. It's set on microscopic. Oh, look at that, 2023. All right. Nice going folks. Now people would say, well, see how come your so-called, because I want to see people get off their ass. Like I said yesterday, talk is cheap. Everybody, OG Howard Stern is up in Florida. And they're making Neil cut back on his stuff and Bob and Tom can't be funny anymore. Right. Because we got a bunch of fashes to want to tell you what your choices are. Just funny. What's not funny? Who make it up is they go along. And I want to thank the guy also who called in yesterday and turned me on to this website. Otherwise we would, who would have known? Because we've been searching for an outlet for somewhere where people can say, where Matt is hell, we're not going to take this anymore. And okay, so he's got about 50,000 signatures now. That's not too bad. It only started like, uh, 12 days ago. We'll get millions on here and believe you me when millions of people start speaking. Then those assholes and Congress starts in. Hey, wait a minute. Maybe we're on a wrong side of this thing. Maybe we're all going to get tossed out in November if we don't, uh, cut the crap. So that's our message to Congress. Cut the crap, okay. And if you don't know what crap is, we'll make sure that Michael Paul sends you some. Because he's an expert. 27 past 10 at 5 60 WQM. If you want to know more about following a low carb diet, if you want the best tasting margaris selection of low carb foods, then the place you ought to be heading for is the lights of West Boca. Low, I'll show you exactly where it is. Whether you're starting out or restarting the atkins sugarbusters South Beach when he low carb sugar free diet, the lights of West Boca's always been the number one low carb store in the entire US and for good reason because they've got so many great things waiting for you. Over 1200 low carb products to choose from including breads and vagals, cookies, crackers, chips and brownies, chocolates, carbohydrates, ice cream, pasta, sauces, ketchup, cheesecakes and more. And don't forget if it's new and great tasting, the lights will have it first before anybody else. Every day 7 days a week from 10 to 10, you can always try anything of the store before you're by it before you spend the time and they've got a friendly knowledgeable staff who knows dieting inside and out. They carry the most complete line of atkins breads products anywhere in the world that are on sale all day every day. Watch your step on your way to the store. The lights of West Boca, there are the Northeast corner of glazed in 441 next to Boston Market or call their tool free number, 1 877 low carb, LOW WCARB, run a web, you'll find them at lowcarb.com. Don't forget there's only one that lights the West Boca into your official atkins retail center. We see as the big is proud power, see? No, we show the whole song 510, no right now, man is the best is the best is the most we see, jokingly. That concludes the end. We can see the 790 malayton here. The 790 malayton is pretty short of it, we don't want to be crazy. I'm 33 at 560 WQM. I'm thinking we ought to start raising some money for ourselves. No, oh, I'll start raising some money. Like put some ads in. Either that or how about some of our good friends like my good friend Lynn Samuels? I don't see any link to stop fcc.com on your website yet Lynn. I realize that you know you got like a one-person operation but nevertheless how about our friends at the drug.com. The drug retort. What? What do you laugh at about? Oh, I told myself a joke. The drug retort not be court not that queen. The drug retort. How about then put in a link on there to uh, and do a little bur by the way, Eric, that a beautiful job is usual with a nice banner there right at the top of our website on the homepage. Beautiful job. Don't forget tiny harding naked behind the beaten curtain such as she is. I feel unclean just having seen that. Anyway, Bob and Hobbs sounds as I signed a stop fcc.com petition this morning we see the returning meal to verify my signature within five minutes. Excellent. Thank you, Bob. And also, while let's see, click, and what is this other thing here? That you facts me. What is this? I don't know what that sample email. Yeah, that's what we're supposed to get. But we didn't see. I see. Okay, so people are getting it then. But I just wanted to make sure I didn't want to get involved with something that wasn't kosher, wasn't whatever. But everybody who's listening to me right now, whether you're sitting in your laptop or somebody else's or whether you want to steal a computer or your home. You ought to write now. We ought to because we're going to go buy New York today like New York state of stand and still not stop and think about this there are 12 to 15 million people to grade in New York City metropolitan area. Forgetting about buffalo and rotten shester and Albany in Sconnectity and Geneva and Canon Big one all in around the quote. And if you look at that list right now, people will sign onto this petition. Fed up with government deciding what you can watch read and listen, I mean, this is worded exactly the way it should be. It's great. Help us get a million signatures tell your friends and stop fc about stop fc said dot com, yaddiati, which is what we're doing. And when we started this yesterday, we were number what six or seven. All right, yeah, Florida. Seven because we were behind Ohio and Pennsylvania. We have to overall hire like Cleveland just fell into Lake Eury. And now we have to over Pennsylvania overnight like all of a sudden they had another three my island. And here we are, we're like almost 300 head of Pennsylvania. Let's make a contest out of it. You know, just to motivate people. Because otherwise they sit back on her ass. Right at the moment, we're 400 in what? Let's see, 51, 451 names behind New York for third place. I mean, we got a long way to go to ever catch Texas or California, which obviously is where this thing must have started, right? I should ask where he's where he lives where he's from, where he hanged, where he's hanging it out. Maybe he'll call back. Maybe he'll call back and tell us or or not. Whatever. It's not important. Don't call back. Scott, you got important stuff to do. Don't pay intentions George. But my point being, so we need almost 500 a hop over during the show. We'll do that during the show. Otherwise, I'm going to tell you right now some major facts going to go down. Don't you think? Yeah, we'll do something. We'll do something rash like come back tomorrow or something like that. Let's see, the other day in the White House, the Secret Service went looking for Dick Cheney and they discovered him in a closet. What does that mean? Oh, one of our facts is out there. We've got a good start at St. Patty's Day. And it's proud of it. Too bad we can't play that the precondome thing, no more. I can't play it, no more. But you'll notice that my approach to this whole thing and I'm proud to say this hasn't been old. And because you've got to be clever enough to be a survivor. See how? You can't just say, oh, I want to do this and they're picking on me. You just have to like, you know, try to rally the troops around you and bring it to the public's attention. But in the meantime, you got to stay on the air. And it seems to me that Bob had a lot of fun during the West Coast over in Tampa. He's the one that got canned. And how it's third-in-gucked, kid, can. He's still making his millions and millions, although he's belly-aceted. Clear channel hasn't been a normal. Wow, what a bad break. Bob and Love Sponge got canned. He's going to have to go on satellite radio if that thing ever pans out. That Elliot in the morning in DC, he may get canned because the FCC finds cheap channel 247 grand for his crap. That brought out there on a West Coast, got canned for even a for the F word, which appeared twice in a tape commentary that was supposed to be believed out by her producer. And then the station says to her, yes, today well, we realized we made a mistake. We didn't realize the way you did your thing, and it was taped, and we'd like to have you come back and she said, no thanks. I wouldn't feel comfortable working for you bastards after all. How do you like that? What that was her name, Sandra Lowe, a tea, a ching, a lot to Sandra ching. Here's an interesting fact that is nothing to do with that. Oh, wait a minute, maybe that's our friend again. QAM, hello. Yes sir. Scott, stop the CC. Yes Scott. I just happened to hear you talking to me as I was shutting down your feed. I'm in New York. And in New York. The reason the Texas has so many signatures, there are a couple of radio stations down there doing exactly the same thing you are. They started last week, so I'm sure you'll catch up to them, and I hope that you pass by. Excellent, well pass it by like her standing still man. Excellent. Thanks Scott. Give it up. See there you go. You ask that he called back. This is exciting. You know what? We're moving in space. I had no serious. I had said to myself quite some time ago. I'm not going to get involved in any more of these campaigns anymore. This crap. You know, I've been involved all of this stuff. And it's like starting into a windstorm. But this is this is too important. And the damn rest of the media man, including the people in this radio industry, what is wrong with you people? What about you? Spindless cowards? What about you jellyfish? The government barks and you just bend over and like see how high they want you to jump. Man, makes me sick of my stomach. But like I started to say before, so Scott took on in again. I don't just put in the context. Well, they're picking on me and we can't, I mean, I have mentioned that about 60, 70 percent of the stuff that we've got already in our computer. We can't play anymore. Like then per condoms, we can't play that. Because if we say something about waxing your shellily, man, there you go. We're done. If we said waxing your, well, maybe your car. Yeah, waxing. Oh, speaking of car, we can't play that, you know, yeah, there. Big black guy named Ben. Nope. Even the Eisencar alarm. Can't play that no more. No. But you do the best you can. You go ahead and you try to make a difference in to try to get the public a banana. It is supposed to sit in a, oh, gee, they're picking on me. Pick it on parole me. It must be because I'm an anti bush guy and all this other crap. You know, I'm getting tired of that Howard. Get really sick of it. There are more of us in the industry than you. He's been very successful. He's making a ton of money and more power to me, Adiati, but in the meantime, long after he's dead and buried, I got to be other people on the air. I hope. God. One thing to have an ego with another thing to have it run away so far. In fact, I got some pretty good articles. One from the New York Daily News about that about Howard Stern. And another one from where was it, Brady magazine about Stern or Riley. And other's crossing line from self-prolotion to narcissism. And during when I sprayed George Will explain to us what that means. He's just playing into clearance in the Darrell right now what that means. Twenty, we had quite a gathering between clearance and Duff and yours toward this morning. It was, I wish that I would have been taken that, especially to stop that upset about, about mode. That's a lot of how. I don't think mode would have come back to Marpy to hurt that. Hey, catch all the NCAA action tomorrow. The day teeth with QAM for the singular wireless fan jam at David Buster's Nahlewood. Jam on it. And into Winifete to Winch TV, what's around sound and $300 cash. It gets underway at 2pm with a mad dog, followed by the booster. Boosh on me at 4 Georgia's favorite and a good guy. That's it. David Buster is tomorrow afternoon. All afternoon long, which gives the Humper a day off cause he's in Vegas. Pushing his guts out. Don't eat too much out there, Humper. Come on. What am I talking about? 740 in the morning. He's just crawling in right now. 9. Me 411. QAM if you're playing on replacing your carpeting because you think it's hopeless because it's so dirty that you think nobody in the world can make them look useful. Work while again. Forget about it. Call our good friends to dry concepts. They will amaze you. They can take the schmutziest nastiest most hopeless looking carpeting in the world. And make it look like you had brand new laid. I mean, put down right on your foreclansate laid no more. They use certified train technicians who know their stuff inside and out know axe murderers. And they drag clean your carpet. It's just the same idea is directly near clothing, which leaves your carpets looking and smelling lemony fresh just like brand new soft of the touch. They're drying just a couple of hours. It's a high idea even if you have no idea what that means. How about your area rocks? You're draper. You're a post-reall-of-a-lase things. They do the same fantastic job on those. And they give you a written guaranteed price for whatever they're doing for your upfront. Before they start the job. Nobody else does that. A guaranteed price. No tack on. No bad surprises when to get the job done. And when you call drive concepts I keep telling you. Be sure and have them put your understand by list because I can save you in extra 15%. On your next car per cleaning. Call them today. I've been using them for over 20 years. I wouldn't dream of using anybody else. Call drive concepts toll free at 1-800-248-5071. That's 1-800-248-5071 or check them out on the worldwide wicked web at www.driveconcepts.com. We're supposed to be in 560. You a-am. 3-6-a-day-ve-year. What do everyone do? We need higher. Whoops, baby. I see this call. Everybody do? Orange day, cornday day. Oh, I want a scr Mikrobi penny for my silly pea. Who Kotoma Tusha And I want such a snatteny basket! Some blind stones had to wet. Had to have the double in your prediction. With different customs. They're strong enough for a man. But I like him too. So, picture yourself a different condom. And you won't be catching anything else. There's nothing wrong with whancing your Shilini. First of all, does anybody know what a Shilini is? The Irish. No, what is it? I have one. What is it? It's a stick. It's a cuddle. It's a stick. It's a stick. Made of a briar wood carbon. Well, what's wrong with blacks in your sticks? See, that's why I've played it. There's nothing wrong with that. I mean, if Michael brought things to that's bad, that it's quadruple on town. Well, guess what? What is him? What I say? How often you visit a church synagogue, mosque, rather house a worship that's our first pool today, inspired by the Sun Sentinel, 310 votes. Never, 194, 62 and a percent never, to which I say. A rash. Excellent. Occasionally 97, once a week 14, every day, 3 every single day, every month, a conundrumstick like the Chinese say. Ha ha ha ha. And a couple of times a week too. What? We got a bunch of Heathens out there or what? Yeah. Man, we like it. Tom says, I just signed the petition on stuff. FCC dot com. I work in a public place with a lot of foot and out of a field traffic. I just put up a big sign with just a web address on it. I'm sure I could get at least 20 people to sign up. And I'm going to raise money for advertising for the side. I'll gladly donate $20. I know it's not much, but it's all I can afford right now. Thanks. Bush, where's my tax cut monkey lips? Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. He's going to Tom. You're the best. No. Well, we don't want any money yet, but I mean, we got to figure out a way to do this. Yeah, because I did that so far. Saber. Right? And that was like farting into a windstorm. You know, we put out those ads. But I see the problem with that is we were peeling the people in the radio industry. were by a large bunch of spindless cowards like I said before and I'm proud to say it again we just roll over and play dead. Including management including ownership and including most of the people on the air. Oh yes, yes, I'm mad so whatever you say, you know. I mean granted we got to protect people's licenses but on the other hand I mean fight back a little bit you know. But I think that in this case where we're trying to get people to sign a petition is all we're just trying to do and we're doing pretty good here I think. Are we? We're doing something. Oh seriously take a puke at that I guarantee we'll go buy New York today. I'll like it stand and still 31.03 since we started today we had 29.98. It means 105 people already in less than an hour have signed on if signed a petition. Stop FCC.com. We got a beat Texas. Well that's that's way down the road. A piece okay if you have check the map out and down the road a piece. But we're going to hop over need York. Like there's stand and still 3,546 in New York City with 15 million people. What's wrong with you people in New York? You Howard Stern lovers. Ain't everybody else too because like I said the issue isn't about him. Maybe that's the problem. Here's a fact it says please don't learn anybody who's seen you. This okay. I always love those. New York if you don't know yet there's a former Broward Deputy running against Ken Jenny for sure. The regular guy he is not on a power trip like the anxious Ken Jenny. He doesn't look like a possum either I'm sure. He doesn't believe in busting clubs and he's not a gay basher. He doesn't want to work. He wants to work with a community and not take over all the city's police departments as Ken Jenny does that fascist bastard to him. Hit. Please let's get this guy elected now as opposed to 8 when I see there's a line through that. Is that 85%? I don't know. I want to remind you. Oh. I think it's 85% of all of that. He's in Broward supporting him. Oh there it is again. It's in there again. It is 85. Supporting him on the hush because of Jenny found out he'd fire all 85%. Most communities who still have their own police department are backing him because they don't want to be overthrown by Ken Jenny. His name is Edward W. Holbrook. I wonder if he's getting to how Holbrook. Please help. Okay. Support at Holbrook. Now again I'm saying that just because we got this facts here and probably shouldn't be doing that. We should have our best research department check this guy out. Right. Our vastah are stopped. Stand. Right. Our shalee. Right. Right. 3103 man. I am so proud of these people that are finally getting off their ass. They're mad as hell. They're sick of this crap. Rod in Miami. Hey 3112. Jeff in Laterdale by the sea. Your names are already on there. See they put the last five people to sign the petition. It's a rolling thing. And there's no guarantee your name will actually show up on there because there's so many signing which is good news. I'm going to my goal. I mean my goal. I think it's gone. But my goal is to get this guy over 50,000 by tomorrow. Okay. All right. No two think. I'm going to tell everybody in the hall. 47,472 signatures so far since May they started March 5th at only the 17th that's in 12 days. That's a good start Scott. And we're going to get him up to over 50,000 by tomorrow. Because this is all you can do because most people are going to write a letter. I mean if you sit down and you write a letter is anybody going to pay any attention to it. 99 times out of 100 not. But if your name is right there with a million other people or 10 million of their Americans, people who are like real living and breathing people, then all of a sudden they have to say, well, wait a minute. Let's take a look at this thing because the public is filming at the mouth and we got an election comment. That's what gets to them. Because that's the one thing that most politicians are, just like broadcast, you spy on those cowards. They stick their finger off the window to see which way the wind is blowing. Here's one from somebody. It says over 10 years without cable television, we own DVDs and VHS for entertainment. If we need to know what's going on in the world, we're listening to QAM 500 channels and nothing's on. Well, that's a good point. Uncle Mel. That's a good point. But I still, we got to have the cable. How could I survive without cable, right? Right. You can go ahead and buy a ticket, huh? Use rope, I guess. If I didn't have my digital cable, I would have the BBC. That it just comes to what operating inside Pakistan on QAM 500. There's more question. How could we have more information on this series in moving the country towards war? Because you're in very close. Well, these are matches of opinion. I don't think we should be, see how to help, can I survive without that? And without like much music, for example. I could survive without that. Oh, how could I make it through the day without that? What did I do with our second pool? Oh, here it is. I like people calling them with suggestions for the second pool. We've done it before, but I'm doing it again on our judge's McDonald, who's been doing hockey games for 7,000 years, me and HL. I never got any better. I mean, they don't come any better. What did I just say? Hey, listen, I want to tell you what. I think I'm about to use with all those sincerity. And you know, because I like to bust in this ball, because he's an Irishman. Happy I say, Patty's day, Jugs. But he certainly was a big improvement from his predecessor, Chris Moron. Oh, right. Anybody knows that with his right attack and all of his other silly ass crap. I think that's one of the reasons that hockey failed to go over a bigger than a should of in South Florida's because of Chris Moron. What an idiot. What an anxious obnoxious. He's the guy that told you seven years ago. I don't think the aridges are going to be on WQAM. Rye. Very perspicacious, Chris. So, Jason's been a big improvement over him. He, you know, he's enthusiastic. He makes the game exciting. If he could see what was going on, he could make it even more exciting. Who was your favorite sports cast of all time? Here's my list so far. I mean, what do I know? Mike Lang. Mel Allen. Howard David. Absolutely. Rick Weaver, Bob Prince, Jigsme Donald, Joe Bowen, Foster Hewitt, Luke Shambi. Bill Hewitt, Fred Cusick, Joseph Gackie, Red Barber, and I don't care about sports. That's the list so far. And by the way, it was a Georgia's idea to put a couple of those people on there. I don't want to mention. Oh, Mike. Oh, Mike. Joe's a guy. He's a sports cast. He's on this radio station. It's right. He does the right on there. Oh, Mike. Oh, Mike. And the best part of it is he'll get a vote probably the beast of the vote for him because the beast is such a suck up anyway. Welcome to QAM. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Hi. How you doing today? Great. You know, I wanted to mention two different movies to you that kind of explain the direction that this country's going in. Yes, sir. One would be good morning to get numb. When? Great movie. Robin Williams had to go over there to take the sheet off of the printer. Give it to the guy. Haven't crossed out what he can say. I'll give it back to him. Right. The other movie would be demolition, man. People that just thrown cars. You got charged for it. That's right. A life man. I love him. So in his case, I love it even more. And the way that things are going that came right to my mind. Right away. Pretty scary, man. Yes it is. So just one of the mentioned that to you have a great day. You two, thanks. Thank you. 560 five 60 will get to about a million curls between now and two. What's that schedule look like me? I'm glad you asked. the homperon vagus at four the Hebrew hammer pants and preview at seven pants host the islanders would you get all an and find out the duff and the clearance it's a two man job it takes the two of them it takes two to make these skids will definitely still can't even come close to be in right it's at the macaroon and sunrise guys sports experts seven thirty game time tonight Jeff Rimmer and uh... Randy rady randy motor beyond air wow wow who's buying at meal marlins on deck at uh... six fifty on seven ninety marlins in the daggers were farman at cus it's a inaudible game it's a exhibition is game that's on seven ninety from bureau beach eddie k follows the hockey game around ten thirty and sporting news radio overnight because you're mark a fire you know i'm in time your four years while you need to call dial a mattress at one eight hundred mattress here just a few reasons more why ought to call at toll free number one eight hundred mattress dial a mattress backs up everything they say advertising a hundred percent that their competitors still use lots of false and deceptive claims when you see a mattress at making outrageous claims our advice is read the fine print there a lot of lies out there here's an example the ad scream free frame free set up free removal the tiny friend of new says it only applies to luxury models we have to let so close to the story of either a neighbor or it's for something you don't need like a friend guess what most people don't need a frame and stores one apply the credit to something else instead that you do need it seems there's always a reason by the promotion doesn't apply to whatever you're buying but a dial a mattress there ends have no tiny print notice claimers no lies no BS every dial a mattress delivery includes free set up and free delivery whether it's a top of the line set or twin mattress for a bunk bed no matter what dial a mattress delivery terms apply wherever you live to no exceptions from candle to steward from palm each to four miles from ages to a sweet water dial a mattress a mind you to be defined print because they want you to know what you're buying even if you decide not to buy from them so what do you wait and for pick up the phone right now and do what I've been doing for years do the smart way to buy a mattress with one simple phone call to 1 800 mattress 1 800 mA TT RES the honest way to buy a bed or log on to macres.com sağ like hovelietle this is a great showcase you will stink Well, wait, Faisy McGurderlar, after seven or two cities in four hours of night, do I just think it's a good time to hide yourself a shower? Yeah, okay. And I've got just the supania. No, I risked Pinkstein. And it's the boss of the Orgrin Zoo. Strong enough for a sweaty roar. Good I like it, do. Please, you are the... I'm a spring steel. No, you won't be sned in like no jersey in your mind. Come on, O2 at 5.60, WQM, happy St. Patty's day, Tia. Well, we got so much stuff going on here with our vast staff. Thank goodness for all of them, you know. Wow. Because Erich's already got that story on there from the mere news agency about the UM perhaps planning weapons of Master Sturgeon in Iraq to be found later on close to the election. And it's just, you know, considered for what it is, you probably want to put it up and save it for down the road. Also he's got the article on there by Max Castro that I read part of yesterday. After the heroly unceremoniously dropped his ass because he was a little bit to the left of it till a dawn. And not sufficiently antique to the El Castro. Plus they probably like you said, didn't like his last name. Here's the fact that says if you want to get a lot of signatures, put the picture of Tonya Harding on the main page of your website, threaten to leave it up until a certain goal is reached for better results, make it scratch and sniff. That's right. In fact, I tell you, well, we're going to threaten to put Tonya Harding on the B. Didcurdon every day instead of anybody on it. We won't change it. We'll never change it unless you get on there on stop the stop after C.C. dot com. We'll get some of those honeymoon video pictures and put those on there. Aaaaaah! Explosion forces evacuation of derail industrial area. Aaaaaah! A series of explosions that are derail fuel storage business, forth evacuation of businesses along North West 58th Street just after rush hour today, sending plumes of fire and debris into the airway actually got on the CNN. There's Miami's something bad going on there. It's flaming. Fire officials didn't report any injuries. That was the good news. It was an accident, but nobody got hurt. Right? Right. It was a little bit on the flaming. Side, nobody got hurt. Roads in the area were closed, police were turning way people trying to drive in the area. Date firefighters were called to air gas south. At 930 north west 58th Street at 919 this morning, on a report of fire among gas soldiers stood outside the business. No employees were there at the time. A series of 24 blasts followed. The initial explosion at the industrial complex. I hate that when they were after the initial explosion. We're 24 more blasts. I could do some more. But better not. Businesses with a half mile radius of the fireway evacuated. It's an industrial area mostly warehouses just north of the derail country club. How about that? Pretty fancy fancy over there by derail. You know? 560560. Did I read my list yet or not? Yeah, I did. I read the list. Okay, I think we'll change the bullet noon. Now let's take a look at what we're doing with the heavens we got out there, which I'm very proud of. 410 votes in much less than an hour. Heavy duty man. How often you visit a church synagogue, mosque, or other house of worship, asking, never 250 60.9% never never ever. Keep your brain clean and clear and free. Like I said, 427 votes, 262 61.3% occasionally 137. I see maybe some of those people are thinking like you're saying like to a wedding. Right, the baptism you got. Our midst family. Yeah, I would go to make somebody feel good. Once a week 20 every day five or a couple of times a week three. Occasionally with me and maybe on a high holidays for the Jews, except the course for the Orthodox which let's say about them the better. 560560. What? Tell us about them. About what? The Orthodox Jews have already said all I need to say about the Orthodox Jews, okay? It humblends rared as they say in the Urislavia. Oh, here's a good article by Paul Krugman. It's on our website. Why Bush hasn't captured bin Laden? Have you seen? I'm sure bin Laden and I'm as had actually had a kind of a cute line this morning, which I can't believe. He must have been somewhat coherent. I don't believe it. He said in mind of an E was either those aerial photos, you know? From 2000 it was either Osama or Abdul Karim Jafar. I was kind of cute. The for him was great. Paul Krugman writes, Princeton, New Jersey, my most immediate priority Spain's new leader Jose Luis Rodriguez of a TED Odeclerid Monday will be the fight terrorism. But he and the voters who gave his party a stunning upset victory on Sunday don't believe the one Iraq is part of that fight. And the Spanish public was also outraged by what it perceived as the Eisenhower government's attempt to spin the terrorist attack last week for political purposes. The Bush administration, which baffled the world when he used an attack by Islamic fundamentalist, to justify the overthrow of a brutal but secular regime, and which has been utterly ruthless in its political exploitation of the 9 level of attacks must be very, very afraid. Paul suggests that a reputation for being tough on terror is just about the only remaining political strength that George W. Bush has. Yet this reputation is based on image not reality, the truth is that Bush, while eager to win folk 9, 11 on behalf of an unrelated war, has shown consistent reluctance to focus on the terrorist who actually attacked America or their backers and Saudi Arabian Pakistan. This reluctance dates back to Bush's first months in Orifice, why after all has his inner circle tried so hard to prevent a serious investigation of what happened on 9-11. There's been much speculation about whether officials ignored specific intelligence warnings, but what we know for sure is that the administration disregarded urgent pleas by departing Clinton officials to focus on the threat from Al Qaeda. After 9-11, terrorism could no longer be ignored in the military conducted a successful campaign against Al Qaeda's Taliban host, but the Fader to commit sufficient U.S. forces allowed Ossama in London with scape. After that the administration appeared to lose interest in Al Qaeda, by the summer of 2002 in Laden's name and disappeared from Bush's speeches, it was all Sodom who's saying all the time. This wasn't just a rhetorical switch, crucial resources were pulled off the Humphor Al Qaeda, which had attacked America to prepare for the overthrow of Sodom who had not. If you want confirmation that this seriously impeded the fight against terror, look at reports about the all-out effort to capture in Lodon that started finally just a few days ago. Why didn't this happen last year or the year before? According to the New York Times last year many of the needed forces were tied up in Iraq. It's not clear that by shifting his focus to Iraq, Bush did Al Qaeda huge favor, the terrorist in their Taliban allies were given time to regroup, the research in Taliban once again control almost a third of Afghanistan, and Al Qaeda's regained the ability to carry out large scale atrocities. But Bush's lapses in the struggle against terrorism extend beyond his decision to give Al Qaeda a breather, his administration's also won an interference for Saudi Arabia, the home of most of the 9-11 hijackers in the main finance, syropislamic extremism, and Pakistan was created the Taliban and is actively engaged in nuclear proliferation. Some of the administration's actions have been so strange that those are reported them were initially accused of being nutty conspiracy theorists. For example, what are we to make of the post 9-11 Saudi airlift? Just days after the attack at a time when private air travel was banned, the administration gave special clearance to fly to gathered up Saudi nationals, including several members of the bin Laden family who were in the US at the time. These Saudis were then allowed to leave the country after the best at best cursory interviews with the FBI. And the administration is still covering our papakistan who's government recently made the absurd claim that large scale shipments of nuclear technology in material to rogue states including North Korea, according to a new CIA report, were the work of one man who was promptly pardoned by President Provez Mushara, Bush's allowed this farst to go on questioned. So when the Bush campaign boasts of the President's record and fighting terrorism and accuses John Kerry of being weak on the issue, when Republican congressmen suggested that a vote for Kerry is a vote for bin Laden, American voters should remember this. The Bush administration's actual record is one of indulgence turbogeems that are strongly implicated in terrorism and are focusing on actual terrorist threats only when forced to buy events. Paul Korgman in the New York Times today. And that inspires me to reach over and pick up the book. Got the book? You got the book? Craig Unger House of Bush House of Sada was just released yesterday. It's got a picture of LW and Prince Fonda, our inner front, and our holding hands real tight. The secret relationship between the world two most powerful dynasties. I'm just going to read the short blurb off the jacket. Shocking and politically explosive Craig Unger's House of Bush House of Sada presents an unflinching political counternerative to official explanations of why America is now endangered by fundamentalist Islamic terrorism. Unger reveals how the personal fortunes and public policies of President George W. Bush and his father George Herbert Walker Bush, and their associative long been in twine with a ruling family of Saudi Arabia and even with supporters of Osham of In Laden himself. The revelations in this troubling deeply sourced account of already been cited by senators Hillary Rodden Clinton and Chuck Schumer in the US Senate, and set the 911 attacks to the two Iraqi wars in the ongoing bombings by Al Qaeda, and a startling new context certain the spark comment in controversy. House of Bush House of Sada begins with a simple question. How is it that two days after 911 when American air traffic was all but shut down, 140 Saudi citizens many can do Osham of In Laden were permitted to leave the country? Why didn't the FBI question the people on the planes? Why did a Saudi billionaire socialize in the White House with President George W. Bush on September 13, and why did Saudi Arabia, the birthplace and nearly all the hijackers, get preferential treatment from the White House even as the World Trade Center continued to burn? The answers to these questions to when one's far more troubling line are largely hit in relationship that began in the mid-1970s when the oil rich House of Sada said out for America in the wake of the OPEC oil embargo and soaring oil prices. Saudi Arabia needed American military protection and a place to invest its billions of petro dollars, like while carrying oil droppers the Saudis began prospecting among promising American politicians, including the Bush family. And with the Bush's the Saudis hit a gusher, direct access to President Ronald Reagan, George Herbert Walker Bush, and George W. Bush as well as the Secretary of State James Baker by President Dick Cheney, Secretary State Cole and Paul in the entire US intelligence apparatus. What followed was an amazing weave of influence investment and policy between the House of Bush and the House of Saud that arcs straight into today's headlines. The two parties conferred innermitly on war, oil, funding for Afghanistan's Mujahadim led by Osama bin Laden, illegal arms deals banking and much more. By the time George W. was elected the House of Saudis transferred astounding sums of money to the House of Bush, in deals involving dozens of companies, among them the Carlisle grew in enormous politically connected private equity firm. The estimated total is detailed inside the book. But the significance of the Bush's out relationship goes far beyond money and even beyond the fact that Saudi Arabia possesses the world's largest oil supply. More than any other country, Saudi Arabia's responsible for the rise of Islamic fundamentalist terrorism that threatens America today. He was on CNN last night for a couple of minutes and of course they gave him other business. You know, the author Craig Unger, the monkey business, they wanted the over's and the Ungers. 1113 at 5.60 W. Q. A. I'm hey, listen if you're not losing any weight on any of those low carb diets, if you have in problems with anything you've tried losing the weight here, there might be the answer for you. Balance for life because they make it so simple for you. There's nothing to count. There's no calories. There's no shopping, no cooking, no cleaning, no worry about, no carbs to count. Balance for life is the premier meal delivery service it's based on the zone diet and they deliver right your door a little black sack every morning. And boy, there ain't nothing like what's inside your black sack. Because in there there are three delicious meals, two gourmets snacks every single day. With all that food, how could you possibly say you're on a diet? See, that's the key. They have delicious, great tasting stuff. And you have enough oven to keep you satisfied all day long. People are losing an average of 12 to 18 pounds a month with balance for life. It's based on the zone diet which is proven to lower diabetes, higher cholesterol and high blood pressure, too. And now if you ever wanted to try the South Beach diet, here's your chance because balance for life is the closest thing you'll ever find because it's the only meal delivery company that offers you menu choices. The let you go from phase one to phase three of the South Beach diet, too. So if you're sick and tired of being fat on healthy, haven't diabetes are being on a verge of feel the difference and see the results on the scale will just a matter of days with balance for life. Call them today at that new tool for your number one, 866-2254543. That's 1-866-2254543 or check them on a web at balanceforlife.com. My life and local, we are sports video 560-U.A.M. That's the music. Oncę book. I'm a little bit tired. I'm a little bit tired. I'm a little bit tired. I'm a little bit tired. I'm a little bit tired. I'm a little bit tired. I'm a little bit tired. I'm a little bit tired. I'm a little bit tired. I'm a little bit tired. I'm a little bit tired. I'm a little bit tired. I'm a little bit tired. I'm a little bit tired. I'm a little bit tired. I'm a little bit tired. I'm a little bit tired. I'm a little bit tired. I'm a little bit tired. I'm a little bit tired. I'm a little bit tired. I'm a little bit tired. I'm a little bit tired. I'm a little bit tired. It's a chamele band. I used a bump or a towel, a back, and a pen. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Mitarinte, and we've got some good news boy, your good-for-end singles, man. She's on top of it. It took about two seconds, and she got the lick on her sign of petition for stop the FCC.com. Nice going, Lynn. See that? So, I don't see it, I'll take your word for it. well why not and show i'm lambles website right now no but the other guys website count the florida votes i see how we do uh... thirty one fifty or something wait let me refresh it again crazy your way behind is usual mister way behind way off your feed thirty one ninety six see there you go we got almost thirty two hundred from florida thirty one ninety six new york state is got thirty five this is a whole state how many people what you say uh... about twenty million people in the earth state okay we can find that i mean you could look it up i mean eighteen twenty million people now granted florida's got a thirteen fourteen million but nevertheless we're just on the air like in this one little corner on his uh... they believe radio station on a m we're not like syndicate a real radio show course not that's because normal can't do busy with eighty five of the projects project but anyway uh... four more for thirty two hundred and then the york's got thirty five fifty three during this show today by two o'clock we're going to pass the york state and again it doesn't really make any difference where the names come from but it's just as a little bit extra motivation to send like to try to point out that the people and of course the people in four to honor be more pissed off because in the part of this where how it's turned his effect there he's been taken off the air by cheap channel under obviously falls pretence photo floating balloony just came in so you think that the people of soft florida and we got a big crossover between the Howard's audience and ours you think that a lot of them would be highly motivated but then again this show is involved but a lot of sponge the last time i checked he was on a west coast we got how many people listening and to have on line so anyway as a April first 2000 it was 19 million very close on your part well i i i i i said it's got to be about twenty nine on the earth state nice guys need a thank you and i got thirty five fifty three we'll show you people in the york of finger to okay on you hot shots up there if i could probably got more new yorkers in soft florida sign on the putty right then the yorkers in New York how do you like that apples uh oh man at the moment though the last five uh California's going heavy duty there must there must be somebody on here and don't call me again this got your skinster getting chronic no call on everyone i guess every time i see line nine ring it's gonna be Scott this got like he's wondering how come they're doing screenless how come they just pick up well i's got because we just feel like doing it we're crazy that way haha because we know a lot of subject Josh to the calls okay it'll especially his young age five six seven oh five six oh here's something great somebody just thanks billin pad thanks billin pad it says spains incoming prime minister Jose Luis Rodriguez up at that oh today we buffed an appeal from president bush to stand by the u.s. led at your occupation of your rack which uh is up at that oh described as a fiasco i will listen to mr. bush by my position is very clear and very firm zapatetta told on that chettle radio Sarah see i when i do the Spanish i started when the sea again with a tagin on the set or radio what does that mean what was zero i don't know on that set oh he said bonus set bonus set the occupation is a fiasco there have been almost more deaths after the war than during the war he said zapatetta who is due to take off his next month after an expected election when some of his pledge to withdraw his 13 hundred spanish troops are wrecked by July first if the wind doesn't take charge there you go boy i'm going not gonna sacrifice any more of these spaniards because of the fact that dords w's a lunatic a maniac in heat surrounded by a bunch of neocon lunatics himself good golly what are they market and you know they keep showing all these polls now because for whatever reason the republicans have decided to make a big issue of the thing carry said that poor leaders have told that they will hope that he wins the whole rest of the world hopes that he wins whether was john carry howard dean it would have made an difference of was daffy duck that is said we hope you beat bush because the rest of the world hates bush and is scared to death of me because he's irrational he's a lunatic so it's not even debatable in fact that issue is going to blow up right in front of their pussy you'll see just like that that he can't go yeah you go pretty good uh... yes sir you know where George have a walker bush was when we were at that where's that oh that he was having a uh... dinner he was having a meeting no was a breakfast team he was having a meeting with the block right that's right and we talked about that we had dinner in on a clock at a morning and he was having breakfast with uh... his uh... but he's not not but but after he knew that we were already under attack but you said that he already knew that how do you know that they they came in and told the time line he went to the classroom three minutes after the first plane so in other words it was staged when they came in a whispered in the stage he went into his bottle of water there you go with supposedly meeting the kid was upside down i heard a way i heard the book was mine comp is what i heard could be just and it should have been my comp but i'd like to like to was pali all right thanks let's see i asked a question the other day and i received my answer the article was in yesterday's sunson on page three a says somebody day only problem majority people don't give a shmid now what is this about i don't know that it really but it would be better but about the gates and out of for the right to marry police it says could you play i'm a cease-boring for elie at new jersey war protestors march more than five yeah but the only problem was there were love about a hundred people you know remember somebody called about that but it was like uh... first it was going to be sixty and then it was like a hundred people protesting the war i mean i commend them those people who don't but the let's get cereal hundred people that's why uh... you know sooner later somebody's got to wake the public up am i going to do it but at least a few people anyway we got thirty two hundred uh... signatures on their yet or what checkin reloading i'm reloading myself right now okay i'm reloading you could do that uh thirty two eight thirty two oh eight we started day with twenty nine and ninety eight or at least one show started so that's two hundred and ten already in unless and i want to have so just like i told sky who started this holding again thanks to you sky thanks to ever called us in i'm very very grateful because maybe i'm not even my old age but in the and even if we can't even we don't succeed which you know the odds are long but at least we're given a shot we're given our best shot like any jansom would say we got a shot as opposed to just rolling over and playing dead on them this play fast and lose with the first amendment whatever else they want to do it's sad i'll tell you what else is saying that's the way that the friend of water not he makes a log i think what you ought to do is like uh... run the same spots back to back from now on we'll be a bit idea let's just do them all in one big tight there you go like Alan vork used to do rest in peace twenty six after eleven at five sixty w q m haven't done you for a long time why ought to call dialometrist toll free at one eight hundred mappers here are just a few reasons why you need to call them dialometrist backs up everything they see and advertising a hundred percent that their competitors still use lots of false and deceptive claims in other words they lie like crazy when you see a macrosad making outrageous claims our advice is please read the fine print because that's where you'll find oodles of lies here's an example the ad screams out with a big headline free frame free set up pre removal but the tiny print underneath says it only applies to luxury models or you have to live so close to the story practically be their next or neighbor or maybe it's for something you don't need like a frame guess what most people don't need a frame and stores water plight of credit anything else instead it seems there's always a reason why the promotion doesn't apply to what you're buying but a dialometrist the rats have no tiny print notice claimers no lies no BS no phony promises every dialometrist delivery includes free set up and free delivery period whether it's a top-of-the-line set a twin mattress for a bunk bed or anything in between dialometrist delivery terms apply wherever you live to no exceptions from candlestorid palm beach to four admirers from ishber main to ojas dialometrist reminds you to read the fine print because they want you to know what you're buying even if you decide not to buy from them so what are you waiting for ab and buy my mattresses for a long time from these folks they make it easy are you do as make the one simple call they show up on time take away the crappy old bedding instead of your great new one just like that call them today toll free at 1-800 mattress 1-800-MATT-RES or log on to their website macros dot com the honest way to get a great night's sleep show every morning on tv well just about anything but that hasn't stopped MSNBC from teaning up with radio's original bad boy who now looks like a nasty old rain listen per day i'm a sell-in-turned-up coffee socks yes every morning see i miss listen to a tape of other people's carotty bits live on the air i did a hammer to bite into this mumbling so i got the question played by the see his wild behind the scenes at it i'm a man you're all walrus cook-ok and chew and i get me some fresh i miss he's irreverent so i want to deal with the poll topical no i want to deal with his water game he's in co-herit i'll tell you what that uh that's a double person what that was a model he's i'm a standy story and he's only on MSNBC a cable channel nobody watches and a bunch of a m radio stations go but he listens to them and somebody gets some fresh jingle it's i'm a making that with the pope on stills that they saw during that the picture you know it's eleven thirty two he's just kind of a little fellow funny looking uh twenty till noon and we got uh we got a shot at that we're gonna pass the york during the show today on stop MCC dot com we got thirty two thirty three i believe last time i took a peek at it here's our poll will change to poll at noon and we'll get some names for it how often you visit a church synagogue mosque or other house of worship the sun sentlet hurt the same poll yesterday and i was staggered to find a 39% of the respondents of the sun sentlet a goody two shoes newspaper said never they never go thirty three percent sentlet only occasionally so you put those two together it's only uh 72.3 percent and yet those religionists would have us believe and the right wingers would have us believe that America's overwhelmingly uh super religious uh fanatics thank god they're not at least not our crowd not in them well what five hundred and sixty votes look at that five sixty q a m five hundred sixty votes oh that's a beautiful thing you see that i love it how often you go to all these joints never three hundred and forty five sixty one point six percent never never ever go what is a vice president dick uh as the bush campaigns they dragged them out of the closet for a couple of minutes occasionally a hundred and seventy seven once a week twenty eight every day six every single day and a couple of times a week four out of five sixty here's the fact that says as a long time was not like to help out with a different injustice that the president's trying to take away from the people he's tried to write into the constitution discrimination against gay and lesbian people there's a pull to help stop George Bush and i was hoping you might place a banner on your site to help out the site is and it's a long website here but if you've facts this to Eric I'm sure Eric will be delighted to put it on there eight rc dot org slash million for marriage slash index dot who i'm afraid of that last part there was that say uh yes it's what and in anyway oh i see it's the tml some of the next line here please feel free to visit and see if you to prove it to your site there's a wonderful commercial on their title what if the world was gay and it's a touching commercial well quick touching it i just want to thank you for your time on and all you have people as far away say Paul minus sort of listening to show keep ticking right wing as thank god for the oh says thanks pali will put it on there in no time at all because Eric is on top of it as soon as you facet to middle beyond there the link right okay how come miss fudge one put a link on there to stop fcc this miss but believe in free speed even his good buddy rush there was a defending Howard and his whole fcc thing is pretty pissed off how about miss fudge come on land get your boyfriend to put it on there then we get some response he's got any trillion readers all around the universe even on a new planet they just discovered they're reading the the fudge report now Anthony facet says the the eight went to him after the second plane hit right i see the what the the rationalization for that would be well when the first plane hit the first tower they thought it was an accident there's only one problem with that a very big problem and that is that the f a already knew that there were four planes of a hijacked that weren't going where they were supposed to be going oh how do you like that so you can't say well they thought it was an accident when all these other planes were hijacked it just don't all happen on the same day well crap happens you know pretty sad thanks Anthony five six seven oh five sixty who was your favorite sportscaster all time that's the pull will put up at noon and honor of juggs McDonald on his eighty fifth anniversary of broadcast in a any chill games WQA hello not there QAM hello yes sir hey I love the dance you bush he's a beautiful thing that's funny okay CNN right as Tony on yesterday I didn't catch all of it only the end of it about how we're starting to learn and making remarks about president bush that you hear anything about that no okay uh just one more thing that you hear toes and stugots have their own sports show now yes we know we only mentioned that we promoted all right if you like what I hate that toast guy well he'll be toast soon in fact it's a cute thing that you know what Eric did to the adjo and mark blurb that we have yes they're toast that's a cute thing Eric what an Eric I'm telling you for a fact guy he's pretty clever five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a AT&T I don't think we're getting any more names for the uh that was sportscaster but that's okay maybe we'll get one or two that's okay well we have bigger fish to fry oh and I don't start don't start you even you are a bit of up to the booster once you're up there wow what there's just too much stuff going on all the same time you know it 2333 3233 and what's in New York got 35 59 35 59 2333 we need 236 names on here by not to a clock course we'll begin some more too so we need about 300 to pass them like there's squatten with their 20 million people we'll show New York state a thing or two okay what it comes to activism right WQM hello oh wish I was in the box to cotton oh my god how right what rock did you crawl from under oh boy I've been around I've been monitoring heavy really hey what do you think of this new uh liberal radio network you want me to give you a real short answer of course that's my answer liberals aren't liberals just aren't like rush rush you they're not did oh heads you don't they're not I don't know I wish Randy well but it's father net good luck it still has to be ratings and revenue producing and that might be a problem and it still has to be interesting and it can't just be light bulb radio so we'll see how entertaining it is that's exactly right I forgot to you know I didn't get into say uh happy anniversary to you in the late one two years I thought so much and in closing I'll stand doing I was just gonna ask you the same thing I have an acclume never to line from the godfather he's still alive see it see Elvis they put on that's amazing 560 560 p.m 560 on the AT&T and for a visit more early as line man you're still out there WQ and hello pretty good sir um two things I don't know if you got out my goes on your sports boy why do not put his owner right now an excellent choice I like him because I'm a young guy and I've really not into many sports just football and he's only got heard in the last 10 years so there's no I know and second choice compliment was keep the kudos the other day on their show they're new the greatest and you deserve a million bucks and that you'll beat our house sir and anything choice Kaufman yep oh my god I've got the listen to I've been listening to you for years probably 20 years since 79 and I'm glad you're still around now thanks pal have a great time choice Kaufman said nice things about me I never met choice Kaufman is she kind of your guest Kaufman and the catch all the NCAA action the 18 tomorrow with QM for the regular thing the singular what kind of a promo is this clearance catch all the NCAA action tomorrow the 18 why why do we have to say tomorrow the 18 it says on here liner for Wednesday the 17 this is Miguel by the way like I said Clarence is still in the New York there's a blame him they don't want it to be confused with uh tomorrow the 20th I see with QM for the singular wireless fan jam and David busters in Hollywood editor when a 52 inch TV with surround sound and 300 bucks in cash it gets underway to p.m. with the mad dog followed by the booster boost shami at four all go on out at David busters tomorrow afternoon the 18 20 till noon speaking a number is this is the last mortgage you'll ever need it's the amazing only one mortgage from financial group the benefits are incredible the pay zero closing costs zero application fee zero credit bureau fee and even zero discounted points get yourself that new low interest rate of just one point two five percent how can you be that if you have a hundred thousand dollar loan your payments only three thirty four a month if you have a two hundred thousand dollar only pay only sixty eight a month and don't forget once you're refinancing get new home mortgage from financial group you'll never ever pay closing costs again so call him today tool for you that brand new number there's one eight six three nine five land to answer all your questions there's absolutely positively absolutely no obligation get the low rate mortgage you deserve then move on to your next property with no further cost respects you pay zero underwriting fee zero dot fee zero closing costs even when you move to another property get the new low rate financing of just one point two five percent the only one mortgage from financial group never ever pay closing costs again call him today one eight six six three nine five land that's one eight six six three nine five alien the other an equal housing lender restrictions apply rates subject to change monthly four point two one eight b r ma t ma t a bo c c c e s it sport renewer by three i don't you're hot age The surprise will be star Are you right now, kiss and share it with me? Well, kiss and use to be the star of me to weapon Now is making movies back to the crucifixion People in the theaters are bound to ask If we don't keep what we did as good as that, Max Jesus Christ, love is star Rex, read in the pope give you a star Jesus Christ, take the love Jesus Christ, don't see the film till you leave the book Jesus Christ, on the street Where there was no heart, Jesus Christ Jesus Christ, love is star Are you with no heart, kiss and share it with me? Jesus Christ, on the street Okay, it's Logan 46, I'm just taking a few of those numbers In New York State 3565, it's only 6 more than last time you looked at it Right, and Florida 3271, which is 48 more than we had before So we're closing a gap man, we're closing a gap 29, 254, how can I be? Was my man drawn before? Why said 230, we needed 336, so it's coming down Now it's 2 some Just get on there, stop FCC dot com, and thanks to a Daniel and Sunny Isles and Maria and Miami and Joseph and Cooper City and Lisa and Homestead We're 4 of the last South Americans to sign on the petition to tell FCC and government to cut the crap See the most important thing about this is that it's not partisan, it's not Democrats or Republicans, it's not the right wing or left wing It's all of them They've just decided that it's good to choose you because it's an election year So we'll just start stopping all over the first amendment and we'll just start finding people like crazy And we'll post your fur and again the other pull that we're taking here I think is significant I don't know I probably pat Robertson and Jerry Falwell to ones who are taking these other pulls Or 85% of Americans are devout and go to church in synagogue, we need bull crap Where they come up with his garbage? How do they ease? How often you visit a church synagogue, mosque or other house of worship for us, good day, 626 votes Never 386 that 61.6% never, never, wouldn't go near it Casually 197 Once a week 32, every day 6, couple of times a week 5 So occasionally or never an R crowd is 93% And a son sent a was 72.3% WQM hello Hi, hi, I was calling about the FCC petition I was calling about the FCC petition And I was calling about the FCC petition And I was calling about the FCC petition I was calling about the FCC petition I was calling about the FCC petition I was calling about the FCC petition I was calling about the FCC petition I was calling about the FCC petition I was calling about the FCC petition I was calling about the FCC petition I was calling about the FCC petition I was calling about the FCC petition Right I'm working on Windows 98 and I've never upgraded anything I don't do it that I don't surf Trust me what I tell you we've had a lot of people who have decided who have gotten the confirmation So it's just a technical thing don't worry about it Okay I was worried about that too And I asked Scott who started the whole campaign when he called earlier asked him about it And it's a technical thing with your computer, but don't worry about it Okay as long as my vote counted Yeah this is unlike the 2000 presidential election This is one where you can be sure your vote will count Tax one Thanks, Bally Thanks See How do you like that? Something's happening baby You can smell it From coast to coast, from pulling up pose People are finally waking up God damn it it's too bad we're not syndicated Just for one week Just for a week Right I hope that somebody over there in Tampa Which I know those people a lot of them are pissed off of our bubble Loads fun getting fired Why do you start to chirr a turtle Yeah it's a bastion of activism there No no no no Hey listen when you pork off those red eggs man They get pretty damn porkey They might just sit down hard Just watch it Okay any in temper pines is the bush crime family since coming to South Florida about four years ago I've learned a lot of senior program The organized crime families of the 30s 40s and 50s were just controlling crooked politicians police and media We have people at the newspaper don't we time? They might like a story like that They now own the companies that control what goes on in the media They don't just have politicians in their pockets They're the politicians that control what goes on in this country Forget fighting over Chicago in the American other big cities in America The world is now their territory Iraq is just another rich territory in play Sodom who's saying in bushes ex-partners have been in odds for a long time over oil and money Sodom made the deal pay off just before it was to be taken out by bush number one Angry he later tried to put the hit on bush number one how gw has to revenge All the so much meetings and agreements like WTO NATO or United Nations and so forth I just the families of the world getting together to divide the spoils between themselves The terrorists are just another angry family that's been screwed over and had their shares stolen by the very family now in power here in the US Think about every other position they take it all fits like OJ's glove if it doesn't fit its foolishment High school and Eddie Bush administration accused the manufacturing the news Oh my god this can't be true The Bush administration is being investigated for producing ready made television news packet OJ we already had this term. Oh that's what this was something to know. Sorry Ready made TV news packages which actors were paid to pose as journalists TV news releases were sent to local stations to be run away Well they all do this. It's called the big lie, you know Nothing is what it appears to be that just keep that in mind audio young people out there the rest of us are too old Do any good just keep it in mind nothing is what it appears to be okay So I told her Yeah, and you know what she said you call that a penis five six seven all five sixty Count five sixty on a eight we can still say penis. Now just not too often. Let's not too often don't say vagina though We'll can't say this sentence you can say Virginia but don't say vagina WCWM Not there online two five six seven five six It's my bag because I'm not taking any calls for not getting more names. We got al Michael's that's a good one We don't want to leave him off for there the hopper will get upset. Although the hopper's out there in Vegas So it's eight fifty two in a morning. He's probably still soundously cutting the big z's In fact, there are a lot of people out there like to cut josey like in little pieces. Now he's a good guy He's a really good guy, but just a guy can fuck so carry WQM hello Hey, hey, don't talk to the police. Yes, we're speaking Hey, what's happening? All right. Just wondering can you say shell only today? Yeah, we just said it once don't say it's all right. I missed you. Hey, listen. I got asking questions. Sometimes I listen to the end and you seem to concur with The control of Media, etc. Okay. What does that mean? I seem to concur with the control of media? I mean, you're in agreement that it happens. Yeah. But other times you seem to block it conspiracy theories. Such as why? Global control by the elite. I mean, is there such a thing? Well, that's on that's on conspiracy. That's a fact. There's nothing to block it on that. I mean, that's a fact. The work like in network, the world is a business and that's the truth. All right. Okay. I'm disturbed. But I mean, we're going to leave the fixes in some sort. Absolutely. I'm in, but you don't believe that at that at a higher level that this is all dominated by these elites. Yes, I do. Okay. All right. Well, and another question. I'd more questions. What is, have you ever heard the term, CISER bill? No. A CISER bill. And we got a possible way from the three students. CISER bill. CISER bill. He's a real CISER bill. I'll check with Mo. Yeah. Very good. I guess I have a very good. Have you ever heard that CISER bill? No. I know. Not the knife. I heard a CISER hand. There he goes with that Johnny Depp stuff again. He just can't stop. You're right. I read some reviews of his new movie. What is it called? Seeker window. Seeker window. I'm not too good. Damn it. I mean, well, it's just a review. It was New York Post. I believe that Alien News is one of the other, but it was pretty weak. They said that Johnny just kind of like a sleepboxes way through the thing and doesn't and it's a lame story. But that's what they said. What do they know? 650 free votes on there and that known will change the pool to who was your favorite sports guest or all time. I'm good about for drugs McDonald. All right. No. Just a joke, y'all. Okay. All the kind of a funny, dirty guy, but nevertheless, he's Irish. Don't be picking on jokes on this. On this his day. Shame on you. New you. You bastard you. They're honoring jokes. They're putting him on the TV telecast tonight. With Denise Pac-Man, which is hardly an honor. Boy, you talk about a dumb frog, man. All man. Oh man. No wonder those people in the Ranger fans hated him like poison. Used to sing Pac-Man sucks in all the Pac-Man beats his well, whatever. Sterne alleges, clear channel refuses payment. The war between Howard Stern and Clear channel continues to escalate. Says radio ink. Pure channel the angstern off six stations last month after we call to use the inward roster with talking sex with Periscillten's ex boyfriend Rich Solomon. Now, Stern claims third channel refuses to pay him as per his contract. The reason we have a contract with them is so they wouldn't pull stuff like this. He said. Any odd y'all. Who cares? Let's take up a collection for Howard Stern. Shall we? No. And then I'm looking at the boycott, third channel. Get Howard Stern back on here. He's got his own petition here. And you're right. I mean, this is sad. The same exact thing would happen to me and I would have started a petition drive on our website and only had 4,072 signatures after I don't know how many days has it been on there. I think, well, who am I kidding? Especially when you're on like pillar to post post to post. What is that? 4,000 signatures? I could go out on a street corner and you're more than that in an hour. Carmisen says, Stirren not indecent. I'm going to in the next hour. I want to get to those two articles I talked about. King of all creatures from the New York Daily News yesterday. And Stirren or Riley and others are crossing the line from self promotion to narcissism. Pretty sad. Let me say again, the whole issue here with this FCC thing in this petition drive. That's why I like it so much. Even though the guy did call in Howard to try to, you know, enlist his support. It isn't about Howard Stern. It's not about public love sponge. It's not about the arangers. It's not about Bob and Tom. It's about something very, very bizarre called freedom of speech, but a concept. 4 minutes till known under the same panties they parade once a day. On New York, no one kind of blustery. Whether they're but... Look at this, some of them are walking a little bit side-sad, let's see what's the main. The life of the local V6 is V6. The radio, the radio, the radio, the radio. The radio, the radio. Where are it be to 12 the one hour on WQA? Dr. Howard Dean, Governor, physician, searching for a way to tap into the American voters' consciousness. Then an accidental overdose of embarrassment. Alter's his body chemistry. And now, when Howard Dean goes angry, you are averaged. A startling metamorphosis occurs. We're going curious to the by-rage and pursue a bad nation of reporters. I can't afford it! And Texas, everywhere! I'm going to stop the code and Michigan! And then we're going to watch the DC to take back the wires! Yeah! The creature is born and thrown to a highway to Iowa. Howard Dean's political future is believed to be dead. Any must let the world think that it is dead until he can find a way to control the raging spirit that dwells within him. It'll take a hooky alien effort by a buffalo to spin doctors to change the public perception of the governor. The only living creature in his life who still believes in him is blind, deafening dog. Lucky the creature must run into protecting himself. But where will he go? We're going to kill him for you! And Texas, in the yard! We're going to tell the code and Michigan! And then we're going to watch the DC to kill him! You're going to kill him! Oh, God! Public to a 560 WQM happy Wednesday, happy St. Petty's Day, 670 votes on it for his pool. How often you visit a church synagogue, mosque, rather house of worship. Oh! Number 416, 62% for 160 and out of 670. Occasionally, 273.8% once in a while, like as, yeah, eh. Once a week 33, religiously. Every day 7 and a couple of times a week 7, so 62% and 30. 90.8% either never or just occasionally. And we congratulate you. Also, congratulations to Matt and Ford Auditale and Brad and Marquade, whose name is popped up on the S.S.S.C.com. Nice to meet you guys. Now, the last time I just checked your only moments ago, 3322 people in the South and Florida in the state. Have signed a petition? Just stop the FCC insanity, just stop them telling us what we can read and what we can listen to, and what we can think, and what we can watch. So, let's see, 3571 for New York. That means 248 for high. I want everybody right now in this hour. I don't want to wait till that last hour. Right? Okay, yeah. Everybody this hour, especially it's lunch time. A lot of guys are like screwing off or screwing something. And it's lunch time. Good time to people around a break. Go to your computer right now. And log on to stopFCC.com. And it'll take you maybe 30 seconds. How many? About 30 minutes. The type in the information they wanted to bottom and just punch that thing in there, and that's it. Don't worry if you don't get an email back to confirm it. Everything is kosher. It's fine. A lot of people are getting it. And if you, you know, we don't want to go through all the technical songs of the dance, or I just confuse his people. And by one o'clock, I want us to pass New York State like there, like there, lying down in the prone position and probably a lot of mark. Oh, probably all snowed in. Man, I don't understand the difference. Or just something I'm not knocking it because the sunny shining here in Toronto right now. It's cold. It's like about 28 30. About like, Fuck, dirty man. But there's like almost no snow in the ground because we got about a half an inch last night and snow too. And it's pretty much all melted now. To which I say, upstate New York on the other hand, which I could throw a brick from here to Buffalo. And they got there like drowning in again. They got like a foot of snow in Buffalo. Do you see that? Karma. And New York and Boston places like that. So we just kind of like blow it away. A lot of blow them going on. Dan Kelly for the list. And excellent choice. The great voice of the Montreal Canadians and the St. Louis Blues. And a lot of all star games we saw on the Great Dan Kelly. That I mentioned about trail Canadians I did. Who is your favorite sports cast or of all time? Mike Lane, Malayan Howard David. Absolutely. Rick Weaver, Bob Prince, Jigsmeat, Donald, my squad jigs. You old fart. Joe Bowen. Foster you it. Mooshambe, Bill he would. Fred Q. Sir Joseph Gakim, Red Barber. I don't care about sports. Al Michael Sudan Kelly. That's what we got so far. We'll add to it. Whatever you want. During the day the springs who's a great American says I just signed a petition at stop FCCC.com. I did get an email verification within five minutes. I noticed on their website there's a place to tap in the first three didn't that's right. The first three digits of your zip code. You'll see how many signatures came from your area. There were only 140 signatures from the South West Florida area. I'm glad you reminded me about that jury. He says I live in a vast and republicanism over here. Drasning up a wall in my am radio choices beside sports are Bill O'Reilly. Rush Limbaugh, Laura Engraham. Phil Henry. Are you sure? And Nixon's vault headed buddy with a mustache. Gee Gordon who loves guns. There must be one gun show a month and four buyers. There's a sub-proclaimed liberal talk show host on from two to four in Saturday if no one I've heard him a couple of times. Don't listen to much radio on Saturday if no one is a great liberal but a terrible broadcast to see that's the problem. This is why I have a GE super-radio. I've listened to QM from 10 A.M to 2 PM. Thanks, Jerry. That's for you. Now I noticed that three three. Oh. Has got a lot. That's Hollywood, right? Okay. Does it code? Three three one which is Miami which is right where you're sitting right now QM and at the part of North Dave. Three three one is there got 400 and some on. Three three three which is my zip code out there in plantation acres. Not too bad but certainly not up to stop. What are you red next doing out there huh? You chasing some possums and coons out in the hood. What are you guys doing? Get with it. Hop on it. Boy. We even have a couple of Jews out there where I'm moving out of shore. Don't let anybody know about it though. 567560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. So if you feel like we tapped into something? I'm tapping it. We tapped a vein. WQAM hello. A.N.L.I.M. I'm a Jew in Springs of my zip code. Three three oh seven one. Oh. Hey. That was the Hollywood deal. Your yours is three three oh seven one. That's called Spring. I'll be them because three three oh two is. How many of them? Maybe it's like an east west day. Yeah could be it. Oh god. Like I said nothing is perfect. Well at least we narrowed him down. He's in cross springs. Ha ha ha ha. We narrowed it down. The search continues man. We'll find him. There's only one thing to say about. It is. Many more. Why are we doing a one? He is, fast. And then he says for example if we do something about Bush in Brazil and he said something to later there to have black people here too. Yeah he's a kind of lies the right world. Anyway. I want to reference that yesterday. to look for a story because I wanted to go the source and print it out. Right. And I couldn't find it. Do you have a flag. Did you not put it on? that was an old story that was from a couple years ago I don't whoever fetched that to me if they're listening I'll have to be factored because I don't know where that came from but it was I'd read that before okay so it's an old story yeah well maybe he's going to live more than that but on the other way I can get in touch with George without being going on the air because he used to during the when you used to scream like I'd be able to ask and something without going on the air yeah right that yeah you hated that it was too much like work what do you ask and something email with some sort of a code word in the subject line so I won't look like spam okay thank chamber eight okay okay all right so when you're perverted friends there don't know that it's not like when he hears that no no what am I I don't hang out with Dwight Lodderdale no change because of the good spot I don't even hang out in Lodderdale like study over yeah five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless line who's your favorite sportscaster of all time WQM hello hi how are you pretty good have you seen any of your articles where they want to redo the constitution no for the draft the all the places that you go to get your draft number and stuff no they're filling the vacancies they said they were over two thousand vacancies in the draft board and they're sending out notices oh yeah now we had a story about that the other day on our website a couple days ago I have a very very very curious it's gonna be the February surprise I sure hope that all the young people out there who are just getting like 18 19 I sure hope they start thinking about that when they think about not voting in November yeah well the October surprise is Ben Laden and then the February surprise if he's reelected it's the draft we got a lot to look forward to and everyone should vote absentee until we have a paper trail that's what I'm gonna do I'm voting absentee 15 20 30 times if you vote absentee well maybe in Broward County it'll be counted but you stand the better chance of it being counted absentee than you do voting with the voting machines amen have a good day Neil you two thanks five six 70 five 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line WQA and hello QAM you know I'm sorry I'll get a point to you a bit earlier in the week you can't be gay in the Irish if you played that to think it's been in and out of the car you say they're gonna I'll play it again you could on the website right champion no okay thanks no it's coming up in a matter of moments excellent see can't be Irish if you're gay and you sure can't be that same panties day parade how many million gay people out there in New York City about 30 million you know that no I didn't know what what's the ideal here I guess I guess who's who's a Josh that's putting the pull the guy he's a punching it in the he's punching him in there okay just relax so we'll get that on every one of these days what I'm just get to mind with I can't I cannot quit looking at this stop FCC dot com thing I'm really I thought I'd I'm really I thought I'd be fine it's fun for a while why I mean it's this more than just fun we're gonna try to accomplish something but if you make it fun and make it almost like into a contest here it's a little extra motivation for people because people generally tend to be lazy and indifferent what good is that gonna do well how much time is it gonna take how many seconds I've heard man yeah get with it 33 76 what we had before 33 20 that's good see what I'm talking about yeah you never thought we could pass New York today digitally especially we had 54 people from a Florida sign while the last one from New York how do you like that 54 to one if that race here we should pass him like there in the like I said in the prone position like there in a prostate position 35 72 to 33 76 that's 124 what is that it's four less than the 296 196 piece of cake by one o'clock we can blow right on by wasn't that the on-over song blow right on by y'all said no problem it's passed noon at five sixty w q m spring into savings right now and save like never every four on a great new car truck from armstrong's Toyota of homestead the run US one just twenty easy simple minutes out of the eight thirty six and Armstrong sort of homestead is worth a drag no matter where you are because they're gonna save you a truckload of ton of cash on great new Toyota's check out these great leestials waiting for you right now at Armstrong's and all four camera four one for just two hundred sixty nine bucks a month for forty eight months how about an old four highlander for just three oh nine a month need a truck how about an old four Toyota 10 rid the safest truck in the country just a hundred seventy nine bucks a month for forty eight months these are just some of the fantastic savings waiting for you right now at Armstrong's Toyota of homestead and now with those turnpike toll increases on people using cash armstrong's will give you a free some pass when you get your new car truck there general manager David rich in the staff will stand on their aid they'll do whatever it takes to put you in a great new Toyota today so experience the armstrong Toyota homestead difference locally on locally operated are committed to a hundred percent customer satisfaction and their service department is even open late till eight week nights to make sure your service work gets done easy to get there that right at US one and two ninety third street in homestead just twenty easy minutes out of the eight thirty six so please don't waste your time at those mega dealers or car giants who always seem to over promise and then under deliver and get you their dealership under false pretence do the smart thing for once called David rich the GM at Armstrong's Toyota homestead call three oh five two four two thirty two forty seven three oh five two four two thirty two forty seven rav a little and save a ton on a great new Toyota at Armstrong's Toyota of homestead who becoming down to the other ones in had to say a great day for the hey you is charlotte across the USA but the border which is this I hear the sky and valley who there's a bunch of squares again this year who says I wish full oh god loves the Irish and less of course to gain the Arya won't be marching upon the same had to say you can be a bummer bucket to stop and that's okay but you can't be a ship to gain well you want hey Barney and both him and him says great have delivered the sprinkles upon the blessed day short a little bit of heaven fall and nestled in the sea but you're going straight to help a homestead showality but I love the Irish as long as my revenge except the half-sand that the cards we've never been short of them you can be staying in drunk in Ireland chunks will laugh at all away but you can't be I'm your ship you're going to know no you can't be English if you be don't even try to be an English if you do okay come 18 is five sixty largest blusher and baggedad baggedad hotel destroyed several dead oh I thought since we captured side of everything was kosher's number we were being accomplished long and distinguished Corey very adequately talked about all of it let me just say that I had the pleasure of watching him work as chairman of the joint chiefs of staff during a difficult time when there were very difficult issues on the table and his briefings his cooperation his hope there's John Kerry who was just endorsed by that rat's gosh leavey eleven that guy's name is the former joint chiefs of staff head nobody can know we can't see it on a meantime they're showing now you watch it on seeing largest portion of baggedad right wow and in crossbrings has got help us check today Steven L. Goldstein opinion column in the sun Sentinel I didn't know guillity had a common a sunset of you says he hit the nail on the head it's the judiciary that these religious notes are going after the next four years if they win a November name right wing activist fanatics to the bench and change the laws forever see they're always talking about activist judges but that's liberal activist judges or moderate activist judges that's what they hate but the right wing activist judges those be good you know like anton Scalia crazy people bush may be a last only four years but the law state for generations gone help us is it in crossbrings and then it about maybe three hundred meters the other side of the mosque which you're looking at now this appears to be the Iraqi insurgents answer to the fact that the US army earlier today launched a citywide sweep of baggedad that citywide sweep has been called operation iron promise and its goal of course was to rid the city of the extremists who have been firing these weapons well this is so sad john madden's leading with seven votes I didn't even know we put them on a poll which is fine I bet you joshed it that yeah john madden how are David have seven votes a piece of salute holy cow or hairy carry we got to put on there too Kate how do you spell it? no seriously c a r a y got it hairy carry c a r a y got it al michael's four melalan three jigs McDonald three what more did it where is this vote taken place there's only thirty three votes you just went up there but my goodness what is with you people huh j i get i guess they feel sorry for you and i'm where's i don't care about sports where's that i see that on there i don't see it come on i don't care about sports that's got to be on there that'll win hands down and may now win but it'll be up there thanks to Wayne and sunrise and Richard and boi and beach and rain and boi and beach and amylalan and turra and turn from us palm we're closing in on New York state we're gonna like i said past them like they're in reverse again the insurgents fired off there answer to this operation iron promise just a few moments ago a major explosion just the other side of the mosque at which you're looking now wolf uh we don't want wolf on there 140 to go to catch New York 357 force signatures from New York state 3434 from flow right though making some serious progress today you know what love it oh and i look at that look at you see are you looking at the names on there no Howard Stern from four lobbedale right our yeah five six seven oh five sixty which inspires me by the way inspires me very strongly to get to these are a couple of articles in a minute WQAM hello hey uh have a poll you have a poll yeah anyway no since i quit listening to there was a finite statement what since i quit listening to uh Howard i just figured to listen to Steve came now yeah yeah you're roe and eighth are you right haha haha wow man oh man get some help paly before it's too late WQAM hello hello hello yes sir yes I am pretty good i just wanted to call him on this clear channel complaining about all the bad or the radio but everything else and they are cleaning it up and all that yeah i don't know if anybody else is calling him and told you but there have a big advertisement billboard on 1995 stuff for southbound advertising and new radio stations for them and i have to be careful when i tell you but it says fcuk dot fm it must be a satellite video station or something and it's clear channel down at the bottom of what was that lovely nice it's not that terrific and they're all worried about the words on that there they're cleaning up big time right clean up the right thanks for the good news paly sound a little like Reverend Jones but it wasn't. Tuesday March 16th in the New York TV news yesterday King of all creatures says Howard Stearn stop your whining and shut up it hurts to say but after days of listening you were able to how bad you have it it's time for you to stop it's not fun it's not funny it's not entertaining and that's what you do best. for the past two weeks you were against the religious right present abortion fcc chairman Michael Paul for a climate aimed at reducing questionable material on the air. you've said you're being muscled early on you told folks you could be off the air by weeks and on your website you've even depicted yourself as Christ. have some in the radio industry used you as an example absolutely clear channel poll you off six stations and the fcc which find you in the past is likely to do so again however you've been here before look around its an election year every four years politicians about or clean up the media so now you're working with a 90 second delay deal with it. Clearly there's a potential freedom of speech issue here but beyond is it's not like you were able to say anything you wanted before long time listeners have heard you squirm and stop when a guest fears often one safe territory you already know free speech doesn't mean to freedom to say anything at any time at least not in the public airways. In fairness you've been a ground break room the city of pushing creativity so much that you've spawned copycats you can take some credit for the reality quays you're an inspiration for any and all walks of entertainment now with the fcc on your butt and infinity broadcasting boss Mel Carmesan asking everyone to take more care you're being pressured to tone it down and you can do it as you demonstrate it while talking sex with catchwords and send retailer last week and we're sure hunter yesterday if something was cut out by twitchy finger at editors most listeners never noticed who's Rachel hunter. former rod stewards wifea a hot baby she's on video that they were short every five minutes so you can't be quite so graphic no doubt is discovering to have someone tugging on the reins harder than the past but everyone in the world works with boundaries this newspaper as guidelines the guy working at the gas station has them too the problem here is that the definition of indecency is fuzzy and best your life would be much easier if you knew exactly what could or couldn't be said on the air without raising the indecency flag but the fcc isn't that clear in those of the rules today that could change tomorrow perhaps for the worse for now stop talking about leaving that's the easy way out your listeners expect you invented this cleverness in different ways of looking at things that's where you're a master and they've come to demand it from you when times of tough how are good fact to being funny otherwise you're just Chris Matthews blabbering around about politics how do you like that cute cute daily nose variety says that's too long you don't have time but I guess if we did the break and played the spot then I would have time in Miami then that is gonna get into race jump carries crying just up to you smiling around later keeps getting right up in their face all rout later keeps on running democratic parties we did bumming again around later keeps on running geopicacies of victory coming around later keeps on spawning democratic sludge gonna keep on falling again yeah he's gonna fall in all right gonna make him everyone wrapped in it's gonna make him wanna tie well he can't get elected but the outcomes are back in 131 at five sixty wc and what did them explore snadges blue that they're bagged at hotel the pieces there's one body out of the rubble but I thought everything was a kosher now that we found my car saw i'm gonna walk a bunch of heroes i thought everything and aren't they bring us candy and flowers and stuff like that pretty tragic to say the very least Brian and Evan sure as summer and point in beach vidal and Miami thanks for signing your signatures on those petitions fcc stop fcc dot com we're 104 behind New York state and that amazing to you what that we're there were close in that close no it's not we're gonna be already 35 77 a 34 73 anyway the uh variety magazines says uh occasionally I write about myself in this space who wrote this doesn't have it does it have a name on it don't have a name on it and anyway it says occasionally I write myself about myself in this space when knowing a little about my vices or background is helpful and I'm just getting high I've reached a conclusion but does anybody really want to hear about how arduous the job is from a woman calling me a pretty little queen by email for a day new insult play aching to network executives thinking I was overly harsh around fair didn't think so yet that's exactly what's happening in a media world as talk personality such as Howard Stern and Bill O'Reilly increasingly segue from a host to vane open or making their particular platforms all about themselves welcome to the iam is in its about me school abroad casting where self promotion risk giving way to narcissism what's more lately even some esteemed column is compared with tickening product recourse other graduates include Sean Hannity and John Stossel the letter having joined the ranks of multi media threat with a book of me a break who subtitle notes out the 2020 co-anchor became the scores of the liberal media based on this foray in the self-martrait amendment redemption it could have easily been labeled the passion of stossel Stern me a while is using the bully pulpit of his radio show to potterweight the government suffered to corral him and important topics certainly would never less feels whiny last week Stern love that he's tired of taking all of talking about this crap which is good news since even some diehard fans are the first time hearing it or rather how burdened their multimeter blue collar hero suddenly is in that respect a writer has more in common with stern than he might care to admit having engaged in his own bleeding about the defamers and smear merchants who criticize him beginning without franken back in January the fox news star put the question to his audience asking on his website whether he should respond to personal attacks such online polls are unscientific but my guess is kaihol listeners would happily advise him to give it a rest granted it's hard to argue with success and in each case the endless drum beating for ancillary projects is paid off yielding the series of best sellers stern plugs his is show books and producing ventures via the radio and the same way a rally references his latest book roughly every seven seconds during his syndicated radio program which by the way nobody listens to listeners don't seem to mind but the breaking point must lie somewhere for while tolerance of the all pitching and shilling is clearly high how much personal gripping an on air therapy will those who tune in for a lesbian dilidate or to witness the pumbling of some hapless folks for a person willingly endure remember to that there are these fabulously compensated guys tingly agreed party mostly i'd say because they're they truly believe it the more cynical sorts might conclude they're venting their woes sir's a commercial purpose by intensifying their bivalry listeners this trend by the way isn't confined to those such a stern hand of the an oraloo hit the radio tv publishing trifecta even David Letterman historically guarded about his private life has explored how strange it's been for him to become a father of 56 a fertile source of humor that still be traced on usual degree of introspection then there's the New York Times Frank rich who in his near obsessive coverage of the past of the Christ has sounded almost giddy about director Mel Gibson's comment that he'd like the columnist intestines on a stick beyond proving that Gibson said something decidedly on christian it's hard to grasp the point unless rich wants to remind everyone how much the star dis likes him to obscure how much his tower it did to promote the film thanks to the times agenda setting power and stern's defense his life has always been a central element of the program so i'm basing the FCC bush administration clear channel isn't he's a huge stretch if that's what preoccupies him still even for avid listeners the all right already threshold must be coming similarly or ivy's inability to shrug off the tractors exposes an unfladering glass jaw that be lies how tough and talented he's been to prosper against significant odds the 1980s were christian the medec a bit of our pop cultures any indication the talking hit o-o's are providing a slightly warp rerun think of it as a party where the host takes your code extends a brief fuzzy three and then says thanks for coming now can we get back to me that's perfect it's great thanks for coming now can we get back to me that's beautiful it's a lovely thing i'll tell you what's an amazing thing take a look at that pole mo absolutely is that gonna be a joke voter what what do you think Josh yeah even Josh court is his that's got to be a joke vote who's your favorite sportscaster of all time? more Howard David it's a lootie 24 al-mickels 15 john madden 12 male alan eleven Harry carry ten red barber seven i know care about sports seven Rick we were five book shami four one of those is George's yes Fred Q-sick three jigs McDonald three pop prints two jobo and two one of those is mine uh dan Kelly two Mike Lang one foster he would one josegaki one and bill he would don't have any shame on you people 110 what is wrong with software well it's kind of isolated like we've talked many times before isolated from like the real world you know it's a big part of the problem but if fire still burn in big time they're in a bag there yeah about that you are such a heartless bastard you know what there's then we're dragging the bodies out of there yeah that's tragic it's pathetic i mean i want you to keep in mind folks all of these people are dying over there all these journalists and all these uh innocent bystanders and these getchies they like these missionaries that i think they'd still be alive before if it weren't for your president it's worth it yeah they'd still be alive they wouldn't have that funny piece of paper that that says interim constitution but they'd still be alive today and keep in mind also that iraq was not hotbed for terrorism before we decide before last march not all this proved that the terrorists were there i see they're just waiting for a signal wqaim hello yes sir one more to add to your left if you don't mind jack he's still or oh my god it's a bloody mess of the pack and his body's all over the place thanks pali jack he's still or get that on their judge right away he's a crazy person oh my god what are we gonna do this car is it bloody bugots and bodies which of course is why everybody goes to watch that stuff uh those of you are worrying about uh john mark we're not getting any update on that and i asked clearance this morning finally when i finally decided to really speak to them uh how many responses he'd gotten he said about 20 voice males about 20 calls you know and quite frankly that's uh not not gonna cut it week for for very weak i mean especially considering we posted that thing on our website we did everything under the ours our power but kind of weak bank dead hotel destroyed several our dead is what CNN's reporting our beloved trying to help them get a clean water supply they were targets the idea oh my way that's another thing water they got water all of them no electricity no all of these things no now a lot of people still without water electric it's only i mean so you're later but they have freedom they got freedom man they got that piece of paper they got their freedoms that used to have any u.s supposedly let's see what we got here thirty five oh six this is shocking man we are only seventy four signatures behind New York we could do there twenty million people what before the end of the show we can do it i'll be four one o'clock yeah you're right we're making that's what i want just as an insurance policy i want to pull away head of New York then we were about California at Texas and Arizona and whatever else now we're gonna that'll put us in the third spot so we can actually say hey look at this floor to finally did something this chick's past middle postage to one passes backstage so they can pinch my behind back home i just have to round when they ask if they can do me yeah see all the nights and old nights i still buy my old tracks and swine i still do these concerts for you i'll be on the street without you or she said it was twelve forty six at five sixty wqm within fifty nine signatures on air we can do it i want to be able at the end of the show today to say we did it we did it when i'd be great yeah once speaking of them what are butchered lunatics man what which lunatics he talked about marlins organization what is the story well we don't want to go there and we don't like that orange bull thing we don't like this we don't like that not good enough for us did count a commission is decided yesterday to give county manager George Burgess forty five more days in a negotiated ballpark financing time with the marlins but insisted that the county not exceed it seventy three million dollar pledge to her to project her just told commission he thinks it's possible to come up with a deal by me one new deadline set by the team on monday but said it's unlikely in the stadium will be built mine because the team is rejected the city's proposal of a site near the orange bull and the mimey arena he said the team is indicated that if a stadium is not feasible in downtown mimey another date location provide adequate access for south-load of fans kind of like where they are right now may one is closed but i don't think it's impossible to work out a solution to this Burgess said it's very very difficult uh if we can find willing participants we may be able to construct an arrangement that works to keep them in date he said but not a deal by me one Burgess said to marlins could be forced to ask majorly baseball to relocate the franchise team officials decline to comment my comment is by by by good luck to you will pack your salami sandwich same old craft man build a system or we're gonna leave build a cinema arena i'm gonna leave you know remember that panther business wow boy oh boy talk about getting a snookered although at least it's a good place to go see some concerts i guess huh okay well you ever been to a concert at the macarina try to think uh yeah it's all right all in since we're putting access play by play people but sports cash to includes everybody this fact is absolutely correct how can we forget right you managed that's your bad Josh shame on you that it's gonna take him to beat Howard yeah right now that'll be an interesting battle we give Howard a head start okay we gave you a handy crap hard and i'm gonna put the mad dog on there here's one dentist in Tampa says i signed a petition did get a confirmation if some people don't get a message back from the FCC maybe their email is said to filter bulk mail get a message back from the FCC you know they mean i see from the guy from sorry yeah from that guy from a distant that that thing's a thing 32 your favorite sports can a sports casher all time 32 from oh Howard David what a guy absolutely al Michael's 26 john man how many times do you think they voted most house stop third man al Michael's 26 john madden 22 i don't care about sports 18 10 percent they don't want it they hated well Allen 17 Harry carry 13 Rick weaver 10 red barber seven book shobby seven frecusic five damn Kelly four bob prints for jigs McDonald three josegaki's got a pair josegaki's suck so k joblin two foster hewittu mike lang one no boat yet for billy hewittor jackie steward out of 175 shame on you people what is with you that is tragic oh you should have probably put jiff remor on your two should we yeah let's do that sure and if he gets a couple boats maybe he'll buy that lunch but you think yeah if he's gonna have a lot of time to buy that lunch because there ain't gonna be no hockey season next year and he's gonna be like you out on the beach you'll be you'll see him at the pizza loft make an appearance is every day for breakfast lunch dinner snacks in between i'm gonna tell you Eric is so on top of it today that it's scary you know that article by Stephen Goldstein and the herald today yes a retro rated agenda he already put it on there i have it my hand right now and the article too and right under the banner for stop at cc dot com free speech campaign he's got a banner for that link that the guy wanted speak out for million for marriage signed a petition to become one of a million we're like a bunch of activists now we like that we're doing like a little something Stephen Goldstein writes a retro rated agenda it's the federal judges stupid that's what the 2004 election is really about presidents come and go appointed for like judges can affect the merciless for fifty or hundred years or more if w is elected november he'll spend another four years reshaping this country to please john ash crop Carl rovin pat Robertson stacking the courts with relatively young activist right wing fanatics already he's put a hundred sixty nine judges mostly zealots on the federal bench according to people for the american way many of the administration's nominees have a record of time to remake the law to undermine civil and consumer rights constitution liberties environmental protections at the authority of congress to protect these nether rights still not satisfied that republican appointees all rep are already represent fifty d percent of the federal judiciary and are the majority on nine of the thirteen circuit courts bush wants a hundred percent control the more extreme the judges the better ideologically he wants to appoint judges will make the church the state the bible of bill rights and to add potentially as many as three alter conservatives to these supreme court to kill roe v Wade strategically he wants to pack the lower federal courts where the action really is the supreme court here's fewer than a hundred cases a year federal appeals courts review and decide nearly thirty thousand how many for example throwing red meat to the right wingers this election year w to five the sentence constitutional obligation to advise and consent on judicial nominations and ran through a recess appointment of reactionary alabama attorney general bill prior to the eleven th u.s. or court of appeals eventually a likely nominee for the supreme court here's how the alliance for justice summarizes prior offensive agenda as attorney general he won helped to create a system whereby republican attorneys general with solicitor contributions from the same corporations there were under investigation involved in pending enforcement actions to argue that states execution amendment be targeted in mates did not violate the u.s. constitution a position rejected by the supreme court which prohibited all states from executing the amendment be targeted three attempted to overturn a consent decree protecting abuse neglected alabama children prior to reporters that he would not concern about whether his actions protected the children of alabama for urge congress to consider getting rid of a key provision of the voting rights act which protects the right to vote for African Americans five expressed extreme hostility to a woman's constitutional right to reproductive choice six challenged the constitutionality of provisions of the violence against women act seven argued that the supreme court should cut back on the protections of the ages discrimination and employment act the civil rights act of 1964 the Americans with the disabilities act and the family and medical leave act eight has been a vocal opponent of the rights of the accused and convicted even vigorously defending the practice of chaining unruly prisoners to hitching post and denying the masses to water in the bathroom nine demonstrated a general act respect of the constitution wall separating church in state ten defended the religious display of the ten commandments in state court court houses and a state judge's sponsorship of Christian prayers before jury assemblies eleven said that the challenge of this millennium will be to preserve the American experiment by restoring its Christian perspective and twelve has taken a number of actions hostile to the rights of gays and lesbians w is got hundreds of prior act likes or worse waiting to infiltrate our courts for their extremist agenda is go to independentjudishiri.com and pfaw.org and it's got the worries can go American should demand judges who are qualified balance mainstream not cooks are founding fathers revolt against George third tyranny it would never have tolerated George W's judicial putch or having wanted us to so they be quit us a quiet quadrini awaited judge him use it November 2 or suffer the sentence W will impose on you for the rest of your life thanks whoever sent us the facts on that great article by Stephen Goldstein in the herald i didn't know galting had it in the view yeah i knew he had it in the so to speak uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh way way way beyond that line man repeating what you said fifty million dollars can't collect it from George right after the show Josh per fifty million small bills let's see look at the guy your favorite sports cast your all time now we're starting to build a little bit out of two hundred and four how come bill he was i should have voted for bill he would have was stuffy between Joe Bonham bill he would be in the least than that i am too bad about last night eight they stunk how are David 34 l Michael's 29 John Madden's 25 i don't care about sports you idiot nineteen nine point three percent we don't care we don't want we don't want even George water melalan eighteen hairy carry fifteen rest in peace rickweaver eleven how about vincully should we put a monitor who come on Josh here i am s-c-u-l-o-y vincully don't know who that is Josh no oh a rickweaver eleven jim and it's ten we just put a monitor in a mad dog right up there list we're gonna be the mad dog and how are David and down to the wire right they come those to know right red barber seven bootchombie seven bob print six fret cusic five jim McDonald four then Kelly four oh yeah and Joe Bonham three oh yeah man oh man Joseph a gackie two foster he would two Michaelang one jackie steward one Jeff Irmer's got one bill he would don't have any so Irmer already voted see if i would have put it on or he probably would have voted for bill he would but he voted for himself and it had to be him didn't uh sure i guess there goes your premium George my my little this is for 25 cities Spatano since dealers need a has one the tachian i no longer have to look for motion square instead we listen to a neurologist parent and balance went to two hours me some ruck brings all the trucks to the bar and they're like here's the union yard but our on their treat is so hard and then they'll bend over and bar fee some ruck brings other that to the poor and they're like good little dog done right they're getting so drunk like a churrent and what they have no jobs i know you're watching that Irish whiskey what crazy dude Claud shoulders like here's how you and Yars Badaara, they're trickling to heart and then down, then go bring Barfi, Sam Rock brings all the bets for the pool and they're like good, good, good, full, damn right, they're getting so drunk that could charge them, they have no job. 101 and 56, they have the essay that he's day two. I can't get on that thing, can you get on at stopfcc.com? Yeah, are you on it? Yeah, we'd be new york at about one till one. We've passed New York? Oh yeah, then. We did it! We did it! We did it! I didn't notice a couple of the names on it, they'll list it real little bit. Yeah, suspect, it's my group, but that's okay. That's all right. So what have we got? Because I can't get on it. It's 35-87 before I started refreshing it. Now it's stuck. See what I mean? Can't get on it, baby. 35-87 to 35-84 as of before I got stuck. Excellent! We did it! Nice going David. Here's the fact, we left off a Howard Coast cell, Big Rani is very upset about that, rightfully so Howard Coast cell, down goes crazy! It was great, despite of what the Dave Johnson says about him, and then of course, despite of what most is about Dave Johnson. Duke and Wellington says, two obvious names missing, Bill's Emperor, right? Of course. How can we leave off his Z-man to tell Howard? What the hell is wrong with us? Bill's Emperor who always used to say and once in a while would say, and no luck yet, Jim. Now he's still locked in the closet down there. Jim, I'm saying it's still in the closet. People are still trapped inside the burning rubble of the bag that hotel, I wouldn't be making no reservations at any time soon. It says, tell Norma, I can't to get up off his ass and get you in Joe, uh, George's indicator, right? Bill's Emperor, Joe Angel, and Howard Coast cell. Those are three to add to the list. Got it? Got it. I'm looking over here, I don't see, uh, what's going on here? Something's strange on this list. Howard David, 37, cranked over to the day, John Madden 32, Al Michael's 32, Mel Allen 21, where's the mad dog? I don't know. What's it? What just happened? He disappeared off the list. Maybe he just moved up really quickly and you can't find him. No, oh, there he is. He's got 19. Boy, I thought for a second or he vanished from the face of the earth. He's on or he's moving up fast with 19. Oh, right. That's gone mad dog. He'll be along at two. The Humper from Vegas is for the Saturday noon, and then we got the Panther Preview at seven, very big game, although the islander went against Tampa last night, unexpected, but they beat him three one right there in Tampa. Put some nine points out of the Panthers, and of course they'd also have to hop over Buffalo. So the playoff shot is a pretty Grimm and slim, but they got a win tonight nevertheless. And the jugs McDonald will be doing a game on TV with Denise Pac-Man. What a match that is. And Jeff Remer and Red deer Randy Moller here on QAM. I guess that's the only way Remer could get on QAM, right? I'll record. There you go. How about Dick Amber? Thanks, Alex. And excellent choice. Dick Amber. Who quite<|en|>, frankly, I'm a very, very tired up, but Dick Amber used to be great. How many years ago? I'm a third man. I just, I don't know. Just too much Dick Amber already. You know, I had a line I could use for that a couple weeks ago by better not saying now. 560560 pound, 560 on the AT&T. And you know exactly what it was. And the reservoir of the slime. Don't say it. Don't think about it. Out to late. Look at that. The blast, the blaster and bag that left behind a huge crater. You know what the bag that hotel used to be? Right. WQA, hello. Welcome out. Yes sir. I have one for you to live. All right. Turkey? Turkey. Good old Kurt. Hey, can't you get up for your sunny hours, you know? And sunny hers, two good choices. Thanks, pal. All right. See you. Kurt, gotty and the late sunny hers. Kurt gotty, remember when he was an IOD that day? I keep bringing it up. Yeah, he was an IOD. He was on somebody's show and I met him. And he was, you know, actually I said something nice to him about how great he was. Or, you know, I liked his work, which I like. He was good. He was good back in the day back in the old AFL day. Kirk, out of you and Paul, Chrisman. Remember that Josh? Of course not. How many years before Josh was born was that? I've heard him. Boys with the days when a final score is in the AFL. He used to be like Oakland 72 and Kansas City 59. Stuff like that. Back when men were men. When the league was really exciting. Bill, he would kind of let's hear it. What is wrong with this crowd? You know what the problem is? We got too many people who've been stuck in South Florida all their lives. They know from nothing. Find the face off. Let him get out of the belly. Long of these people. It would no, uh, break Kusik from Fred Allen. That was for you, Boca Brian Fred Allen. See, there's some benefit of being old. Not too much though. WQA and hello. Payneal this is Pat from Indiana. I got a suggestion for your poll. Yes, Pat. Probably the worst voice ever to grace the air wave. Dick, high, tall, baby. Dick, fine, town. And you know who I'll speak in a bad voice. Johnny, most from the Celtics. Right? We was wrong. Nice hot, Pat. Hey, and one other incredibly awful for the castry can't forget Frank Differ. Frank, number one of your favorite sports castors. The poll question. Oh, well, that they're so bad. They're good. Okay. Thanks. Okay. See you. Dick, by town. Johnny, most, Johnny, most was great. I don't care what most has seen most jealous his motive to Celtics from any of the days. I'm third man. I've got mo keep hopping around like that all the time. You know, I've been Miami 28 years. Most been bounced around this place to that play the jets, the Celtics, the bucks, the man. Huh? He's a rambling man. Is that what it is? Sure. He's born a rambling man. He ought to be driving an old Nash rambler's matter. Fact. He will be one of these days. Who was your favorite sports castry of all time? How are David? Maybe they can't touch me. He's got 38. Absolutely. John Madden 35 Jim Madditch. All mad dog is going to pass him like he is laying down with that muskrat rolled around on his ass. You know what I mean? What do you mean? I mean, he's going to pass him like he's uh, don't even exist. You know, I'm looking at the managed drop in here and most of my can't even play anymore. Wow, can't play that one. Can't play that one. How about some sort of a bitch fucking still play that one? I think as of today. I wish I could get on that thing so I could actually see it for myself. You know what? That's not FFCC dot com. And just because we passed New York don't just slack off now. Okay. All right. Here's a stock. Yeah. I'm too. Well, that's a good sign. That means that our people are like going nuts on there. That's beautiful. They beautiful thing. Line nine is going crazy. They QAM hello. Neil, how are you today? Pretty good sir. I call in yesterday with the stopfcc dot com. Oh, you're the guy called. Thank you profusely. Well, man. I thank you. I mean, if you look at the activity for that website, it's grown incredibly since she've been on the air talking about it. Right. And the thing we need to do here. Did you hear Scott Carter? I did hear this morning. That was great. It was fantastic. We need to get more people because it looks like in Texas, California, and Florida. It looks like it's being promoted on the radio. But how do I get it into Illinois and you know, and give that a Howard Dean? Wow. I'm thinking we need to get like an A&M USA today. Something like that. Maybe New York Times. So I'm thinking of some ways. Because we got plenty of time. At least another week before we all get taken off here. We need to get some cash raised and put ad like any West State today. How do we do that? How do we do that? It's on hard. Okay. I appreciate Joe's a Gackies name was on their right before it froze up. I guess too many people are hitting the website now. That must be it. They're all voting for Joe. Thanks, family. Thank you. Thank you. Appreciate it. All right. Thank you. That's a good guy to call into a latest. I can't get out of this thing for a little money. Can you? Nope. Stop the Fc stop Fcc.com. Can't get near it. Can't come in now. Can't come close. Well, that's a very good sign. One of these days we'll see the totals again. Maybe we'll have 80 million votes under by the time we're going. You think? No, no, no. Or maybe 80. WQA and hello. Yeah, every full. Yes, sir. Yeah, check her in the LA Laker analysis. Check her in the lake grade. He was fabulous. Thanks, buddy. He was awesome. He was great. Yeah, buddy. You say that people can help for their knowledge. What's not good? I smell like myself. Right. And it's really funny because we have to hurry but we can slowly pop the other of the LA guys over there. We don't say Bob Miller. Oh, you were doing pretty good, sir. You got to that. Thanks, pal. You got to be in your bonnet and something in your phone. You're that. It sounds like a dance to the Bumblebee's there or something. 560560. Pond 560. You got ticker her and you got that H.E.A.R.N. Got it. He's still dead, Josh. He was great. It was outstanding. Did Laker games for how many years? Bob, third man. I think more like about a hundred will be the I still can't get on this thing. I'm starting to get nervous. Aren't you? I can't do it. Can't do it. Well, if we can't do it who can. You're on the same if we can't get on there who's helping you. I don't know. Yeah, I don't know the handyman. The handyman. The handyman can. How much you can do? Maybe Sammy Davis can hop on it, huh? Maybe you could take a peek at it with that one eye. Oh, Jim Man, it's just moved into first place. Oh, look at that. He's only but I see we were just toying with him. Oh, you can't touch the mad dog and believe me. He'd be pretty pissed if you tried. Mad dog 41 Howard David at 39. Al Michael's 35 John Madden 35. Everybody else is waiting to be behind. Look at that. 11 past one at five 60 WM and the mad dog will come along. Of course we got told them our morning at 10 so a lot of things can change by then. Do you think they will? No, no, I'll pull away. Hey, if you're the dead end job like radio, if you're underpaid and overwork, how do you like a new high-paying career, but maybe and probably you don't have a lot of cash waiting around and four years to waste on college to get yourself the training you need. If this sounds like you, then what you ought to do is make that one simple call that we've been begging you to make for a long time now. Call fast train toll free at 1 866 fast train because these folks can have you train in certified for an honest igonus. We all high paying computer network professional career in as little as four short months. Academy to can. You can be fully trained already for a brand new career by July. Fast train offers day evening weekend classes to fit around your schedule. Fast train offers job placement assistance to naturally for people who qualify and fast trains got seven convenient locations to serve you. So instead of sitting around on your ass complaining about your crappy job and your mini-alpachec do something outstanding that can change your life in a really positive way. Get some training a real career and a big fat paycheck that goes along with it. Call fast train today and then just foreshared months you can be on your way to a great high paying career. Check them out of the web fast train.com and then make that call today. Don't delay. Call 1 866 fast train. Come on my life and look all this is for 2056. The mad dog is out of control and you'll find out why when you hear the latest release from Blackbuster Entertainment. Gymatic sings duet. Well, alright. Run around in the free world. Alright. Here's the mad dog. Gymatic sings classic raw. Let the kids around. Let the kids around. Let the kids around. Let the kids around. Let the kids around. Let the kids around. Let the kids around. Let the kids around. Let the kids around. Let the kids around. Let the kids around. Let the kids around. Let the kids around. Let the kids around. Let the kids around. Let the kids around. Let the kids around. Why? Why? Let the kids around. Why then? Now we get to all this. You're headtalking kings about you. You should get together because the mad dog does not show his skin. You got to it you got to Oh That's a 17 a mad dog into first place favorites sportscaster all time 55 Mohore David at 40 John Madden 37 How do care about sports 29 male island 25 nobody else has got 20 yet? A powerful explosion apparently from a car bomb went off in the car car rotted district or central Baghdad Frutually destroying the Mont Lebron hotel and damaging a number of houses and offices nearby Iraqi police sources said there were many dead many injured A coalition military official said he believed the blast was caused by a car bomb It's a scene from a hell here seen and Baghdad bureau chief Jane Araff said People are crying and screaming and they breathe everywhere the powerful blast left the deep crater about the width of the street And since cheddar glass flying for several blocks Bisedanders are working frantically to pull victims from the rubble digging with their bare hands as fires rage in the back Still going on wow I thought everything was copacetic Yes, Ivan says his favorite sportscaster with Keith Jackson And why not? He's been doing college football for about 100 years keep Jackson belongs in the list right get him on there right away Keep Jackson WQM hello Neil you're sorry you forgot about Marvalbor in his fishnatch and push up right All right Thank you sir. Oh, and Neil Well, I went to the move on dot org website. I was looking at an article There we go See, I got to say that. Yeah, I guess they're the FCC took you away I can't get on this website and I'm so I get really concerned about that right me the you think like it's overloaded Let's let's hope that's why what do you mean by that you know you're not suggesting that somebody like took it down Uh-oh If there's anybody out there who's hopped on it, well, if anybody can do it Eric and do it right Okay, I don't know what gives I'm clicking on the banner. I'm clicking on the thing I just can't get anywhere near it Can't get with the 100 year. I think that's probably a really good sign Maybe somebody on some station in New York, you know, where they actually have some people maybe somebody you made the open up a mouth there You think Okay, and like uh, which is fine, you know, for fun we can have the contest between the states, but it's the idea of accumulating a city and signatures on there, which is the important thing WQM hello Is there any help? Yes sir What's up man? Uh, I think uh, did you guys have uh, Harry carry on the list? Yes, we do. Harry's got to 19 Oh, alright alright, I'm sorry man. I wanted to call about I'll show you how to couple days back about uh, the plain work The words that I've written out to whatever Right, uh, I haven't looked forward That uh, now here all the time that are kind of like, well, first of all in the Oscar's room, I've got movie parts of the Caribbean Can't you bring, can't I say in Caribbean or Caribbean? Right, how do you say it? Uh, down there Another one is a coup on or coupon Oh, I hate people say coupon, I can't say yeah I can't thank you pun and another one who plan which or sandwich Sound sandwich? Yeah, people say that we had done on the list, yeah Alright Neil, good to hear you Now see in the Caribbean On this this fact, you don't believe this the FCC is shut down stuff FCC.com of course Because they can't do that the FCC can't do that Yeah, I'm the one it not yet And then at the bottom of the fact it says Be afraid Be very afraid Okay Here's David Mimis's, I feel a religious vote is behind the FCC sensors here for some reason You can still say God damn and that seems like it should be the one more debyval Thumbras would not want you to say have hope smoked hopes is David in my jamming Hi, it's gone David Share some of those 560, 0560, 0560, anybody get on there yet? On stopfcc.com No I got on CNN right away The only problem is they just got off CNN I don't want on there anymore, I saw this stuff The searcher rescue personnel there on the scene We see the military trying to form some kind of perimeter around the scene It's a month again, very very very very fluid situation Very dangerous, especially with possibility of secondary explosions But you do the best you can and then as you move in you can't get on it W2QM hello You're in hell Yes sir Were you fudge back? W2QM hello Hey Neil, how you doing buddy? Okay Hey, you got Howard Kossel on there Yes, we got put on there We almost forgot somebody a bigger army reminder Okay, you know one other thing about the FCC now that I read an article that the FBI is wanting to get tapped to the internet So they can see everything that everyone's doing Right So while below in the FBI, I'll be on every the bowl Every internet page and probably he's already shut down Be afraid Be very in real Ever good day, following Thank you back to you No, they haven't shut nothing down It's just I'm sure it's just on overload right? Yeah, I'm sure that's it Maybe he just doesn't have the bandwidth and all the traffic Is that possible? That is possible And then what happens then? Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha I just went to freesturn.com I'm not having any problem getting on that one right off the van Yeah, they don't try to figure out that No, none Now let me click to the bottom here where he's got the link to Stop FCC dot com I'm clicking on it And you're what's happening? What? Nothing No, it's just it just farted Oh all of a sudden Howard's picture popped up on air And I was just went back to that thing and they're right nothing happened So they haven't only got some kind of a problem or who knows what WQA and hello Yeah, I can't get the whole meal for the bowl Speaking Oh no, hi, you don't know. Yeah, I've been all race got Race got the old Ministers sort of Viking guy And a regular He did Vikings for while but then he ended the green Bay Packers probably best known for the Packers right Yeah, that's a voice Yeah, he had it great voice. He also had it What they were blue for? Yeah, well the juxtrous that nothing that guy was. They never heard of him I know I'm an old fart like you. Thanks, Pally 560 560 pound 560 on the 183 It's working Oh 35 97 to 35 84 So in other words, you just got on there I'm not sure if I can break through Huh, but I'm it's slow now. We'll see that number again. We have one 35 97 for Florida right 35 85 For New York right so we got a real battle going on here Maybe maybe that's why maybe somebody on here in New York is like because what will you have? Huh? Well good No, not really though because New York had 35 72 Now then they're not doing much they've only had 12 since last time I wrote it down. It's just us that are like zooming up there because we had 2998 So two and we've had almost 600 today just in three and a half hours I can't get you to there. So you're more persistent than I am or lucky I'd probably like I said more lucky. WQM hello Hello Neil. Yes sir Harry Clark you've got to go WQM hello Yes sir I talk hockey with you briefly All right. What do you think at least gonna win this shower war? No, of course not. Are you kidding me? Well, she's gonna win it Maybe the flyers maybe auto-await maybe Boston maybe Detroit maybe Colorado The Leafs are not gonna win it. Do you sound delusional like some of the people here man? All right, all right go back with that backup cold ending with Trevor kid Yeah, I don't know for it Okay, go leave school. Lisa got on the open for the best. Are least gonna win it? Oh, of course not. I never believed all season long Look at this the White House is we will meet this test and we're giving prayers to the families in the victim And they're Scott the Schmendrick McCullan on the one side and on the other side of the split screen on CNN is the devastation in the fires in the blood and the guts in the bag Get more and just in my what do you think I didn't have to say about what kind of My think and where do we stand now? I'm sorry you said you know, let's hurt my All right, and Yeah, maybe we have a little bit of a right even poor keep pigs feet better need us free back area fly She released it at a ball spot 26 after one is five sixty WQM is the sad or tragedy and bag dead. A lot of people are dead today And a lot of people are dead in the last year plus because we have a bunch of right wing lunatics who've seized control and a bloodless coup That's what it's all about forget about the coup and Haiti. We got the coup right in the US of A and the media's talking about Martha Stewart and should she go to jail or not The media's busy talking kaka Of our jalo's ass. Stop like that. Right poop don't say it or not Hey, all you horse racing fans and poker players to pump out park racing in car room has just a gambling action that you're all looking for Just to have mile from both I and 95 of the turn pipe pump. No park is a sense to get to and vest of all pump and a park offers you free admission and free general parking every day Don't forget simultaneous week live harness racing in the poke room up interview Monday Wednesday Thursday Friday and Saturday like tonight Poker starts at noon and send away right now goes on till midnight and live racing gets underway with a first post time at seven or five in a p.m Then this Friday there will be free drawings to get into the money machine and grab at a thousand dollars in cash and betting vouchers or Maybe when a raffle ticket for a 2004 Porsche boxer a boxster. Am I saying that right? Boxster a boxster I never have one of them. I have a golden retriever in a min pin a 2004 Porsche boxster plus swing dancing demonstrations at the track then Saturday Mark this on your calendar and on your wrist this Saturday the most unbelievable fireworks touch on earth takes place With the amazing austrican deer devil Vincent Sylvester when his horse handy silver for throwing their hot to tread firework show is They zip around the track. It's an amazing thing to see show time 9 p.m. The Saturday you want us to take the whole family bring everybody Pomp and a park a box out of Atlantic Boulevard on tower line road for the current race schedule called 9 phi of 4 9 7 2 2 1000 or go on web at pump and a park calm don't forget post time 2 night 705 at Pompeo Park Oh Phone conversation I taught to Peter North the other day. He tells me your real name is kneel down And he's still an interested FCC commissioner and Zara decency My gold power Follow we know the new guidelines and post by the FCC Number one we must avoid excessive intellectual demands in our public the more modest distance Electrical ballast the more exclusively attacks into consideration the emotions of the masses Custom or effective it will be number two The intellectual level must be adjusted to the most limited intelligence among those addressed Consequently the greater the massities intended to reach the level the purely intellectual level it will have to be But if as in propaganda for sticking out of war The aim is to influence a whole people we must avoid excessive intellectual demands in our public and finally the receptivity of the masses is very limited They're intelligence of small their power of forgetting as a mournless in consequence of these facts the message must be limited to a few points And must be part of the bottom till the last member of the public understands which you want him to understand by your slogan. Thank you. This was a warning by the fascist Christian council 1 32 at 5 60 W to Q I am we will face this we will make meet the child. What does that mean? That they're battling from the White House will meet this challenge. I have no idea what that means How about the hammer somebody says that's our friend Jean? Well, I wasn't gonna put him on there because this is basically for people to do play by play and color and stuff like that on the games But thank you's to do to color on the dolphin game. Remember hundred years ago. This idea. Oh Henry Goldberg and Henry Barrow and people like that Rick weaver house Rick weaver doing on a pool Boy how the times have changed you know it? Yeah, where's all the Rick weaver people? Jim managed 80 oh my god, there's nobody can touch the mad dog. You're on fire mad dog. You're flaming Al Michael's 40 more Howard David at 40 is most starting to fade a little bit John Madden 39. I don't care about sports 35 8.1% Mel Allen 26. Harry Curry 25 Howard co-cell 24 moving up nicely up the ladder down goes crazy Rick weaver 18 move Sean B 11 Red Barber 11 Bob Prince 10 everybody else in single digits All those infras moving up nicely's got seven Who's asking about Rick weaver 18. Oh come on come on. Just because he's dead Come some slack Now here's the facts that says Detroit baseball George Kelly or any hardwell. Well. Let's put them on there. Got a George Kelly and only hardwell separate Most annoying. This is a be-van huh? They're not the same guy Well, I mean the guy listed them together and would Josh there you never know what he's gonna do I was a little bit He's a little scheme Most annoying would be vant Patrick. I think vant Patrick should be on there for the best vant Patrick. I thought was damn good But it says he could never spot the football. He would say he's down on the 17, but let's call it the 23 Well, that's an eye-unit pick He just didn't see too good and because of that big puppet in a way had a big stomach How about disease dean Bob and Fort Lauderdale says abshia absolutely Disheeding who's sludding the third illiterate. Does he need an album? Let's say University of Michigan Bob you for Bob you for at UF or at UF or you for the You for the you for it's little brains And tigers are near how well says somebody here says Detroit rocks Oh, well, man. Oh, man. You must be getting some of that good stuff in a big city in the motor city Detroit is a it's something 567.0560 pound 560. We got people listen to all of the country now Something's going on here. You know what you can smell it WQAM hello Yes, sir For the poll is that some of Nobody should be yeah I think so what if it's good in his day before he became seen how he was outstanding. I love that some of know your right He's good I'd like to make a humble request of possible Could you just go over Bob Prince Cliff maybe since he's on the poll or something like that Bob I love Bob Prince best baseball announcer ever, but I What is that thing under we haven't here somewhere George what is that under? Give me a hit. Oh, Bob Prince it was a Oh, come on I'll find it for you Thanks, sir, you too Bob Prince Or maybe you have it on a card Back there. I'll take your word for it and I was you not gonna look for it. Oh, look at them. I'm looking. I just don't know what to look for Look for Bob Prince well, that's what I'm looking for. Can you spell that like Tuesday as Prince spaghetti day? Bob Prince his group pirates. I know I got it in here somewhere, but what that would be under? It'd be under like baseball Under the baseball fever what? Sounded a baseball fever sound under baseball anything. Well, you'll find it George is gonna find that card Otherwise you won't be back for a while 56050560. I know it's in here. That's what really bothers me a lot. It's in this DCS somewhere in the middle of these 85,000 bits and it's actually one of the few that we can be in still play I think like that is where what you have near hits a home one against the giants is our recall Tell me to QA and hello Hello, yes, sir. Yeah, yeah, no rotters play speaking Hey, you know Is Bob Prince the guy that used to say it down the stretch day come you know that really big booming voice Thomas, Dr. Stay come as Dave Johnson. Oh, that was Steve Johnson. Bob Prince did the pirate schemes Okay Thank you, Neil. You're welcome and have a great day. See they're learning again education Dave Johnson one of the great race call was of all time He along with a time Durkin Huh? Durkin and the Gurkin two greatest of all time now. Let's see may fifth Dave. What's the date? This year for the Kentucky Derby And one strike Cumes in the wind up in the one one pitch Swine on in the deep right field He got a sight That's not the one I was thinking over that's pretty good to me. It was great He was sensational and I hate to break the news to you, Mole, but Bob Prince had all his own phrases Chicken on the hill with will and a bug on a rug all these other things. He was fantastic just like my clang who I'm always taken a few shots at this morning Because Mole wouldn't know a hockey puck if it stole its his weasel you idiot Just see in order to suck up to judge my darling. He's got to rip other people that he doesn't know or appreciate Which just really frost my ass Swine so we had a little clip there a little something and I know we have a mic laying in here too somewhere, but I can't find it And why is that? Can't find anything Kind like to ever kid Anyway, I'm trying to get on the stop FCC to come and I'm having a bitch of a time. I'll tell you that But the good news is nobody is yanked it off of it or yet and they were getting a ton of votes of the signatures and that's what it's all about 36 54 How come you keep getting on here and I can't I don't know I'm lucky from blast 36 54 in New York is go one 35 85 We out of that tell you Passed them like they were in a in a lifelong coma in New York. I mean, what is that? I think a state with 20 men in people was stirring on the air there in New York We did it say again David you idiot and by the way you're not getting that stadium Spusion to say that get all in Marlin people all whipped them through our new Rogers didn't know where the stadium right right if George we just write him out of check They could handle it. Yeah, yeah, just write them out of check. I didn't say it has to catch I got the same right here right a check I for like about 50 million You can put the roof on a nice new stadium there. They don't mind a post-stated check do that. Oh my god How could we have forgotten my buddy jack buck? I see my buddy because he was the first baseball announcer I think I ever heard doing the Rochester Red Wing jack buck before Tom Dicker Jack buck you got it You got it and what about Joe buck and now at least that's something that Josh knows who it is But he's not very good Why do you say that? I don't like him. Oh, I don't think he's I don't think he's all I bad he ain't no daddy. He ain't no jack buck Put your buck on there quit screwing around all right That says nearly remember Jack and Harry used to be the voice of the Cardinals before Harry started messing around with Mrs. Bush and the Cardinals can Is as that's correct Which is why he went to the West Coast to open that he went to white socks that he went to the cubs Good old Harry even George remembers those great days in Chicago or that one great Hey, that one that Twenty three hours in Chicago before they said it back because they were too cheap to pay from the state there But everybody else did right including me Twenty till two at five sixty the highly beloved Jim Manich Oh, my God, we're we are honored to be in his presence, you know Oh, right, oh, right he is winning this pull by so hands down your pants. I mean 89 votes and John Madden 41 al-Michael's 40 and Moe is slipping through the list Absolutely is slipping bad like his must-wrest just starting to slide down the side of his forehead It's the last mortgage you'll ever need it's the only one mortgage from financial group the benefits are positively incredible You pay zero closing costs zero application fee zero credit bureau fee and even zero discount at points Get yourself that new unbeatable Owen Chris rated just 1.25% if you have a hundred thousand dollar loan You pay just three thirty four month if you have a two hundred thousand dollar only pay only sixty eight a month And don't forget once you be financially get a new home mortgage from financial group You'll never ever pay closing costs again So column tool free what's not to like call 1 866 395 land get the low rate mortgage Reserve then moved you next property would know for the cost of expense You pay zero underwriting fee zero dot fees zero closing costs even when you move your ass to another property Get the new low financing rate of just 1.25% the only one mortgage from financial group. I never pay those ugly nasty closing costs again column today 1 866 395 land that's 1 866 395 L E and D There were an equal housing lender restrictions apply rates subject to change monthly 4.21 APR Where scores were you in five see the 9 Area Catherine cheesecolor Ud The tent of a sheep, the sister jeans, the vacancy, Daddy, happy, doctorate, hold her down, the way Julie, She can shake that tasty meat. She's quiet inside of the blind, and my lookin' like a real golden spoon. Lookin' her go, swingin' high and low, with the white hair, and model it all too. Sister jeans, the tent of a sheep, dancing in her only thing. She's not you, off your feet, when you wear her well and sick. I go to bed, have it a jump in like a rabbit when you return. May I? I know it sounds happy about a full night, and happy that you didn't get it all. Sister jeans, the swingin' the shake and fountain, the phone, that ain't bad for 85. Man's that luckin' really like. She's a stretchy, the tent of a sheep, she's a stretchy, the tent of a sheep, she's a stretchy, the tent of a sheep, she's a stretchy, the tent of a sheep, The tent of a sheep, the tent of a sheep, but other natural guys go, how do you talk to me that way? I get tired. I'm working. And you're coming here to meet my coach, that's why I'm here. That's why I come in. I'll let you know. That's why I come in here. I thought lunch. I don't want to go to the live. So lunch, George. Where did you get off talk that way to a working man? Well, you take it outside. We have people trying to do business. That's what I came in for. That's what I'm trying to do. I mean, I need to stop without excuse me. I need to stop without this. I need to stop without this. That's not right. Huh. That's enough. That's long and I need to do it. You get out of here. Will you get out of here? Will you? I'm trying to run an office here. Now will you go to lunch? Go to lunch. Will you go to lunch? Ha ha ha. Oh. That I got to watch it again this weekend. I've watched it three times already. But then Gary Glenn Ross is so great. Especially if you've ever been around a bunch of sales holes. And if you ever were a sales hole, you'll love it. Or if you've ever had to go to work. Or something like that. Right. Who was your favorite sportscaster? Well, time to put Hank on there. I hope. I don't see him on or I see Hank Goldberg. He Josh is going a little bit too fast for a Josh. He's just got a tiny brains kind of like a little sim. Like I said, he's on there. Is he? Yeah. Where is he? Refresh. Oh yeah, refresh my ass. Ha ha. There was a few highlights for me. Good. Come on. With a little catch, we're both. Yeah. He's on there. He just bob you for don't have any Hank just went on. Chuck her and don't have any. Chuck. Oh, I got to speak in a chuck. I said, Chuck her and chicken. What about Chuck Thompson? Great. Great baseball bro, castor. You got him? How much he just went on there? Got him. Ray Scott don't have any George Kellon, have any pets. Summer all those nanny. This is ridiculous. Only Harbell one bill. He would one, if I tell one, Joe Buck one, my client one, Barbell or two, Sunny hers two, Jack buck two, Jeff rumors got two, oh, feral voted. Joe Bowen three, foster he would for Jo Angel four, Jackie Stewart four, oh my God, is a bunch of blood and guts with the relative track. It's terrible. Uh, Joseph, Jackie four, Jimmy Donald five, Dan Kelly six, who's son, John Kelly is an embarrassment not one of the family but the human race. Bill's in for seven, Kurt Gowdy, Kurt with a C by the way, Kurt. Kurt, a Josh, Kurt. Whatever your name is. Kurt Gowdy with a C not a K. Shame on you. Keith Jackson's got eight. Eight Cusik eight man, he was great for a Cusik. I think we got, but the problem though, we got a, uh, band cut. You know what I mean? I think we got a fair Cusik go in the thing here, but it's not a good one. And there's nothing worse than playing some of that really, uh, maybe it's not in here. Bob Cole, there's a Jeff rumor Billy Lindsay. I'm not playing that. Oh no chance. You know what I mean? What do you mean? No chance. What's this? Excuse me, second. There's slip. Sixth attack into the lead zone and go for the fire wing, to Alman. Alman is check out the other vehicle. I'm check it. He's in the go. He's in the go. Oh, I'm a big one. How do you like that? That don't sound like Jeff rumor to me though. Oh, anyway, that's what we got so far. Did I go, let's go up to the top and quit dittling around. OK? Jim managed 93. And he is the king, the queen, the prince, the princess of sports casting. I don't care about sports 44, 9%. John Madden 43. Howard David at 41, Al Michael's 40. Quite a battle between those two old buds there. Howard and Mo and the L. Harry, Carrie 28. Mel Allen, 27. Howard, co-cell 26. He's moving up. Rick, we were 19, Red, Barbara, 13. Boog, Shelby, the Booster 11, Bob Prince 10. Which I think it helped a little bit, that we played that Bob Prince clip. Even though you're not too happy about Chishol and Rhonda find it. Oh, it was easy. Was it good? Probably said Bob Prince on it. Yeah, exactly. Huh. What a concept. You're having a QAM hello. Neil? Yes, sir. I came in a little late. I don't know if people put on that list. Rick, Bob, he's on there. In fact, the redheads got, let me look again. Let me take a peek. He's on here. He's like, oh, well, and I can't access some of your stuff. He's got 13 votes. He's still dead too, by the way. I know. Bob's in Stully, just signed for three more years. Three more years, he's going to be 90. I know. He's in an I am, my God. Oh, he's holy cow. Then Stully just signed for three more years. He's got to be close to A, right? Well, what are these, it's like the Bob Barker syndrome all over again. Yeah, well, they want all people. That's unbelievable. I don't think he's easy to pretty good enough. I enjoyed him when I was an old dog if I hadn't gone about that. Vince got a little whiny and twerpy to me. Yeah. But if you like him more. Yeah, put him on there. Yeah, okay. Have a good day. He's on her. Thanks. He's got nine votes. Now what about, uh, it might not be as bad as everyone says. Poor Harry, how soon they forget Harry should have a million votes. He was, he was so fantastic. He was fabulous. See when a announcer can make you a fan. That's when you know, he's got to be great. See what I'm saying? When somebody can take and make you like to make me into a Cub Span. What did I care about the Cub Span? Harry, carry. Made me a Cub Span. Bill, he would make me a hockey fan. I agreed made me very sorry. He made me very sad. Except twice a month on payday and the checks is still current. 152 at 5.60 QAM. This is for 20.50 QAM. Space, you may have a child at 5.60. WQAM. No hand. There's no way to feel down or have no beat. You can touch the ground, a new eyeball. So put your glass eyeball down. There's a place you can be happy, ladders. There's a special today for some fingers. It's double-group on day, hit your thigh. Listen to what you find, you can use their new X-press line. You can sell the body parts of you. See L-A, whistle the body parts of you. See L-A, hey. Hey, hey, hey, hey. From a fun to a job. All you need is your own job. You can sell body parts of you. See L-A, whistle the body parts of you. See L-A, hey. You can get a new heart. Even A-N-E-Part. You can put it on your credit card. Holy Macadaz, right. Anyway, I got this monitor. I thought for a second I was like half off the year. I was like half off the year. I was like half off the year. I was like half off the year. I was like half off the year. I was like half off the year. I was like half off the year. I was like half off the year. I was like half off the year. I was like half off the year. I was like half off the year. I was like half off the year. I was like half off the year. I was like half off the year. I was like half off the year. Laughing, never delivered. Kind of like the mailman whom cropped about 2 miles up the 3d promised but the they never delivered. Same thing. High school, enjoy you, idiot. Let's see, who is your favorite sports Cor end well time? Of course, how else is it possible that on the heels of Nonsenez results that the winner is going to be on the next 2 hours that amazing or what? Right, Maizeen? That is shocking Your favorite sports character all time old. old number 88 Jim from Solano, Ohio, the Mad Dog Manage 101. Nobody's closed 103. I don't care about sports well. What do my co is 52? John Madden 45, Mohour David 43's hanging on for dear life. Al Michael's 41, Howard Co. Cell 32, Harry Carey starting to move it up there now 31. Mal Allen's got about 3rd man. Rick we were 19, Red Barber 13, Old Red Head, Walter Red Barber, Luke Shommy's got 11, one of those adgenages. Bob Prince 10 and the anxious and terminally boring Vince Collie 10, Fred Cusek 9, Kirk Audi 9, those dimples got 8, keep Jackson 8 and the down list to go. Those dimples are 8. How much a mad dog is just a just gritting his teeth thinking about that?