Oh, what's the problem, officer? The boy from the radio. What's the problem, sir? If you're caught driving without a seat belt, you will be removed from your car and shot. The police now have the authority to enforce seat belts safety under the new Patriot Act 2. The new laws in effect now, so click it or be shot. Officers don't like doing this. They are only following orders. It's for your own protection in the neverending fight against terrorism. Terrorists act such as mouth noise. Oh, no, no, no, no. For the finger. And fighting. But be annoying to others. So under Patriot Act 2, eating will no longer be permitted in restaurants. Anyone eating outside the desigrated eating area will also be shot. It's not law. We like saying that. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. The law, I don't know. Love the way he says that it's 1046 at 560 WQA and happy Thursday too. How are you in Robin Went home? Finally. Although a little bit too early for my taste. You tell me that they ended 1030 yesterday and freaking 30. Now here's the bad news, which I noticed he didn't make any reference to a go. The bad news for me anyways that starting tomorrow, a steering goes on. On vacation again. I mean, I'm a piker when it comes to vacation. How many weeks has he got off of your father? I turned him in. Brother. They did nine shows on the station live. Wait a minute, no, they didn't. Wasn't there one of the last week? Yeah, Fridays and August, they played tapes best of. Right. So I picked that bag. Eight shows live and he was on vacation the week before they started on the station. And now starting tomorrow is on vacation again. So I was like here in Jellos and he wrote damn rights. Yeah. So the bad news about that is that when they play the best of tapes, there's no news for obvious reasons from Robin. There's not anything else because it's a little bit dated. It's kind of like those alien and the Pope tapes we used to play. You got the alien storytellators matter. Fak. Get out. But nevertheless. So that's the bad news that all next week I'm going to be settled with maybe starting at 10 o'clock every day. Oh, that's going to be bad. Or maybe even before 10 o'clock, which guess what? I don't start before 10 o'clock under any circumstances. Oh, come on, Neil. That's what, duff the dump, ferry was saying this morning. Come on, Neil. Yeah, well, maybe a minute before 10, but not like a quarter of or 10 and nine 35. So let's George Philin. Yeah. Because you're just going to go music. Right. Play some music. Way in the circle. It's like a whole circle. A whole medley of fart sound stuff like that. On our B, I've been in Curtin today. B, B, B, B, B, B, B, B, B, B. B, B, B, B, B, B, B. B, B, B, B, B, B, B. It be the Curtin today on the Neo Rogers.com. We got Latisha Costa. Nice picture too. Latisha was born May 11, 1978 in Point Old Mayor France. And she's been in a whole bunch of French movies, which I'm not going to read because I'll book her name. She did it in the front of anyway. She also of course was in these fourth illustrated swimsuit 99 and 97. And that, and all these things. Supermodal Latisha Constance behind a B, Curtin. And John Aschroff is keeping his eyes on you. And Frankie Vally, the bread is eyes so closely geared to where your hands are gone. And you can watch it. And be sure your over the age of 65 and have lots of proofs of ID. You realize that pretty soon, like November 5th, I'm going to be like kind of a little league senior citizen. Right? Well, I mean, officially senior citizen is 65, but there are some things. Yes. But when you're 62, you can get like a nice rate of time. Right? Sure. Like what? Cheat meals, the uterine missions. Hmm. Great. Tickets, seats. Okay. Can't wait. Freebees. Most of that only happens in South 40s. I think it would have been spent in more time to take advantage of those. No. Here's George, who's pulled from yesterday if you didn't have to work. What would you do? Seems to me that the first three are kind of like all interconnected there. Sort of. We mentioned that there'd be some overlap. 1789 votes a massive uppouring from our growing audience that's growing by the minute. I would travel 845. Try to get laid to 122. Well, of course, I would know anything about time the first of those two together. Right. Okay. My ass off on 81. So like I said, the first three of those, unlike interconnected. I would do outdoor activities kind of like woodsy the owl. 156. What does that mean outdoor activity? Fishing canoeing. Oh, kayaking. Oh, how boring. Like that. How Canadian, eh? I would do nothing. 136. Right. Hey, for those people who say they would do nothing. Lots of pawn shops. And 441 type of boy you're a reiser. We got a definite lack of a good oxygen out there. I would help people. 135. You're so full of crap. You believe that? 7. The half of the audience just didn't have to work. If they were like independently wealthy, they had all. We'll do what they want to do. They would help people. Sure. You are so full of men. I can sniff it all away across the border. Yeah, just don't play the sound. Play games in sports 91. Yeah, I can imagine what kind of games and sports. Just like that sport that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, Titi grabbing the thing we saw. Hey, why? We can say that. It's twisted. Yeah, it's a twisted sister. At the Olympics. Well, we're going to fight. We're going to fight. We're going to fight. That is the biggest bunch. I've always said that we don't have to have a separate gay Olympics. Because that's what the several Olympics are. It's the gay Olympics, man. What a bunch of faggot. And I would watch games. In sports. 23. I wouldn't play them. I would just sit around and watch them. 23. I'd like to people who watch other people like golf. Well, already are people have way too much time on their hands. Here's today's poll question. Well, I have about 4,000 choices on this one. What's the best food item sold at fast food joints? You know, I was, what inspired me for the full. I was thinking, I started about a good burrito Supreme with no beans from Taco Bell. Don't you have Taco Bells all over the place here? I just, I don't know where the, I know where they are. I'm fine one. Because I'm in the mood. I'm Joan. And for one right now. So that's my choice. I don't know where the greener Supreme Taco Bell. I didn't necessarily say without beans because we don't want to make these too long. But that's my choice. I don't like them. Refried beans that that Mexican mush. Yeah, that's what they think in the Amazon Mexico. Mexican mush. It's a refried bean crack. Oh man, it is mushy and nasty garbage. And what is the point in that? What would it be to be the big interaction with filler? To fill it. And seriously, what, why, it doesn't taste good. It doesn't taste like anything. Just like a mush. Once when you got a nice burrito Supreme, right, got all those olives and sour cream and tomatoes and haste. That nice, uh, uh, course beef or whatever's in there. Violet you want to have a bunch of past dinner, like put in the pages, blue and there. So breeders Supreme from Taco Bell. French fries for McDonald's, which a lot of people are going to say that. Even though, of course, they put the mayonnaise on them and Amsterdam. And they will cut it, I'd make death. Cheeseburger at Wendy's. I don't care what anybody says. Wendy's got the best boogers damn damn good burgers. You're concerned with your Wendy's would be a George and Josh seem to be leaning on that direction. And the milkshakes that's taken shake. Those are the first five choices on there. The best fast food item sold as fast food joints. Today we're talking about, I don't want to hear about white castle and all this crap you people live in the past. That was great. Wolves would always be great onion rings. That was wonderful. But they've been out of business for how many years now. Not turned in man. So what up with that? We don't have to do one break now this hour, right? That's right. Till you have to reformat and that ties it with us. Nice fast we got this morning from Geraldine. Thank you, Geraldine, for the kind words. To New Yorkers and George says, Geraldine, I've listened to your show kneel many many years. The first thing in the morning, I always turned out your station. Not a sports expert, I enjoyed the banter of Joe Rose. Yes, even guilty. I'm of these strings. And the reason I look forward to teleclock to hear you. You always said you can change the dollar turn the radio off if you don't like what you're listening to. Well, how to get my Philosterny years ago. I now find that my radio doesn't get turned on until 10 o'clock. And then off because turns allowed to ramble on in his self involved world until whenever. Thank God. I'm sorry, Geraldine. I work in the hours of the luxury. Yes, luxury of listening to your entire broadcast. You are never, never boring. And also I find out from the dumpery that the students said the F-word on the air where this morning, you said yesterday. The story, I think. This morning. Now, I mean, I don't want to get distracted and go off on a whole thing on that. But how stupid you have to be. Mediums from it naturally, they dumped it in New York, so we never got down to line anybody else. But what's the point? You know, what, when do you reach a point in your life when you finally stop being a jackass and say, why am I doing these things? I don't know. Maybe he's got Tourette syndrome. That could be. And it must be. Anyway, Geraldine says, please, how do we listen to audience? Get you on a 10 o'clock. Well, the goodness for you, Geraldine, is all next week. You'll have me a 10 o'clock because it'll be the steering, it might still run tape, the best of steering. And so on L.S. to four hours or less, because we don't have all those great news to raise from Robin. Anything else? Anything else? Huh? Anything else? A huge rubber of your Witton Talgeon syndrome, enjoy you all sisters, Geraldine. Although you have no Witton humor, but never let you enjoy you too. So there you go. So we'll see what happens. Of course tomorrow, I guess you'll just go on with an L.S. I'll let you take it to because it's just the way it is. I got music. You're not going to play music. Are you? Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm here. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay, here's our death of the day on death and death. This is so sad. Dr. Elizabeth Kubler Ross, a psychiatrist who famously theorized in 1960, and a terminally ill patients go through five stages of grief, denial, anger, bargaining, depression, and acceptance, died to his day at age 78 after being a prolonged thought with illness. How do you like that? Of course. Huh? Her most famous book. She died in 1969 was called on death and dying, so I guess now that makes her a little bit more of an expert than she was before the test or where I think so that we're going to write about it, you might as well have the experience. She pioneered hospice care after working with dying hospital patients who's pikes you considered intolerable. As for her own death, she was in the acceptance stage for years that her son Kenneth Ross. For her death wasn't something that fear was like a graduation he said yesterday. Now this is the part that's really disturbing. Kubler Ross moved Arizona nine years ago after a series of strokes left her partially paralyzed and left side. He heard that? Ah, fat boy. In a 2002 interview with the Arizona Republic, she said she was ready to die. I told God last night he's a damn procrastinator, she said. She felt that way until the end, but she made sure to enjoy her last moments by smoking cigarettes from Sarah Ferguson, as nurses of York, and by eating Swiss chocolates and shopping, said Ross. And here's the part that I find just annoying as hell. Death is simply a shedding of the physical body like the butterfly shedding its cocoon, it's the transition to a higher state of consciousness where you continue to perceive to understand to life and be able to grow she once said, isn't that pathetic? You know the foreman. Are you part of it? Sorry to explain the pull here. Explain you what? The pull, we're put the pull up. Yeah. Do you know what I just said? Yeah. Go let him distract you with much of a cocky ride. This was important. She says that death is like a butterfly shedding its cocoon, it's a transition to a higher state of consciousness, where you continue to perceive to understand, 11, be able to grow. What kind of cocky is that? You just wanted to take a crew to get in. Yeah. Now I want to say cock a moon and honor of the cock a moon lady. A little kind of crap is that. Oh boy. And another one of these people in total denial, even though she claimed to be the expert who ought to make death so much easier. But just you know, spoon feeding crap. Like stepping on an ant baby. You step out of not a cock roach and not a baby. It's dead. It's not thinking it's not perceiving. It's not running around. It's not festery around a crawl on top of your sink and doing these things. It's dead. Oh, how can you say that? Neal, that's so bad. The truth really is bad. Well that's because the Lord. Oh God. Worship and mysterious ways. He's always testing us you know. Cause he's a damn safest. 10 57 and 5 60 W Q M right now for a little bit of time. We'll even say more than ever before. I'm top selling mechases from our good pizons and dialometres. Call 1800 macros today for us to discounts. Above the other. Evity low factory direct prices plus now. You can get an extra 10% off service perfect sleeper magnolia. One of the great movies of all time. The service to rank numeral uno and overall customers satisfaction. As winners with a 2004 better business bureau. Local for a to be home. And you'll be a satisfied customer like I've been for years. Have a college student need a bedding pick up that phone right now. Call 1800 macros. And you can get saved a little bit to all major colleges and universities for my Made a main from Candle the Stewart. Palm beats to Ford Myers from Alquppa to. This is the deal. Val macros will be right to your door. The finest bedding around set of the four take away the spelling of the old bedding. Anybody with a brain is buying a mattress this way with one easy call to 1 800 macros. Or by log it on to their website. Macros.com. 1 800 macros sets 1 800 mA TTR E S. The next day. We'll get a rather morning soon. We'll get a little bit more on the clock. To find the secrets. We have a lot of new. WQA and I. Before I order. And furthermore. Hold on. Is that Sean Hannity? Hey. More on. Promise. Sideways. I've been a few years for a long time. For me QAM Miami for a lower deal. You do hear that. That's stern in a pan. What a chill. I know you're at that fun picnic that I show. I say get rid of a male boy as a go back to a nice safe tool. Be sorry. You're going to lose to the dolphin. Who is it? Who is it? Who is it? Who is it? Who is it? Who is it? Who is it? Why? We're going to do so well now. Yeah. I might even decide to pay vodka. You like this guy? Thank you buddy C. See my hands. Doesn't don't want to get out! What did he do that for? He didn't like what I calmed him. And what was that? Like? Cool. Oh. I'm next to ladder on your shoe. What is up, Jimmy. It's not gonna slip, Emily. I'm sleepin' on this how you gon get so tired. Suck you. Who is it? What's going on with your water? No. So that? I am the best of all. I am the best of all. I am the best of all. I am the best of all. You know what I mean? You know what I mean? Oh, I think the story show was off now. What do we do? I don't know, is George on today? Think it's a pregnant pause. I think so. I think you're having ass of the now. Let's just relax. Why don't you? Is there more to that? No, that's how it's supposed to end a pair of eyes. I was pretty sure that was it. You know, these CDs. It's 1103 boys in girls. Let's take a look at that QM schedule. Did they pencil this in? I don't have any changes. Of course, we didn't have our usual morning chat with parents this morning. Nice job on the paycheck and the talent. This time around. Clarence, good job. Just to stay in the closet. We got the mad dog at tour clock today. Oh, right. Did you get the money yesterday? Yes. Two days in a row. Oh, for the mad dog. Working some heavy duty. Then we got Moe for the 630 filling in for the vacationing and suspended high Goldberg for the 630. Oh, don't do it, don't do it. Marlon's on deck at 630 and in the agyons in town again, they are Marlon's lost the tough one in an extra innings last night. Did they 6 to 5 of them tend to? That's right. That's what I saw her. Giant set of Marlon's at PP Park 705 net etiquette to the baseball game. That's our schedule as it's tensile in right now, but you never can be too sure. The story is just before we start taking calls for a thousand ideas for our poll today. And boy, I got stories up the ass today, man. Really? Yeah, don't shake. Port of Sweet Grass Montana. Jesse Hoffman and Sissy didn't do it on purpose, but the toilet he left Plug after nature called it is border crossing in North Central Montana has him facing criminal charges. This ain't something we're making up just to be gross or something like that. And to discuss exprateria activity. This is from the A&P, okay? This is in some kind of a bull or craft story. It's craft story, but not a bull-crant. Tool County authorities charged the 19-year-old college student from Great Falls with criminal mischief after a border-raging accused him of intentionally clogging the toilet. Oh my God. Hoffman said that clogged typing was completely unintentionally resolved of an urgent, but natural bodily function, and have we all had urgent, but natural bodily function. Yeah, you bet. I mean urgent. I've never been arrested before anything like that. I get arrested for taking a dump, said Hoffman a student on fantasy university in Boseman. Hoffman was returning to Montana from a trip to Lestbridge, Alberta, with four friends Saturday. Port of the restart their car for what apparently was a random search. The car's 19-year-old driver was cited for illegally possessing booze. Hoffman said he asked you to back room out waiting for the driver. A short time later, a port inspector discovered the toilet was clogged and threatened charges, Hoffman said. Corey Grayson, one of Hoffman's friends said he couldn't believe it when border-raging's first-retten charges. I didn't think there were serious at first. I was laughing so hard. He said, port director Larry overcast that he couldn't comment on the case, but that it's obviously no laughing matter. Hoffman said he's hardened attorney intense to fight the charge. Is this America or what? To say, America where a disarrayed warrior who is defending himself against all these smear charges, and then come to find out that another one he's evil Jews, this Ben Ginsburg, one of the Bush attorneys, has been behind putting all these people up to win advising me so-called, what they call themselves, the bullcraft veterans, the swift boat that they are not so swift about bullcraft veterans, and everybody's, and Bush is actually gain feed points, the same kind of smear thing that worked so well against John McCain, another decorated veteran who is a no-peo W on top of all of that, and not really, he said it to hotel. Yeah, that's right. He just made it up. Just like he just decorated the side of his face to get civilly. Yeah, just didn't have no cancer, just a decoration to go attention. The same kind of smear thing, because that's all I can do, they sure is how can't run under record, the markets in the tank, oil costs $80 billion a barrel, kids who died every day over there, and I rack which we'll get to that story in Hollywood about the father. That's just, can you imagine, no, again, the parent of a kid in any kind of a war, and you look out the window and you see that vehicle, that, we're not going to be vehicle pull up any driveway, are you all going on your birthday? Here's your birthday, give your sons dead, oh brother. Anyway, here's the appool, let's see, let me take a vote, I'm voting for the Berrita Supreme at Taco Bell, I'm going to go do a little search today. Yeah, I'm going to find me a Taco Bell if it's the last thing I do. I mean, it's, it's not good if you try to lose weight although I'm doing very differently, well, 180, six, which is lowest I've been in quite some time, very big proud of that. Even though I had a chocolate banana waffle for lunch a few days ago, oh my god. That was one of the best dancing ever had in my life. My blood sugar was up to like about $0.000, but boy was that good. See, once in a while you have to, you just have to split and you have to have some really really thick real high boy and you can put it on your fridge. No, no, I just got you a Tony out of 180, say, all right, 14 weight from eating one thing, one meal unless it's adjusted, again, it's good to make you lose weight. Okay, I'm not sure. Come in if you weigh him, hello. Yeah, sir. Man, you are God, buddy. Yeah, sure. I'm going to get you bad A, listen, he wasn't his word. I'm going to get pardon? What do you say? He wasn't his word. Yeah, yeah, I am. That's it. No. 567, 056, the pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon world is my great material. What's the best food item sold as fast food joints? W2N, hello. This is going to be too for two, I'm sure. I'm not right here. Oh, uh. When is this? Up your nose with a piece of glass hose, not there. Okay, that takes you your calls, which is good because I only got three hours anyway. W2N, hello. And the highly-doin. Okay. And as you said, the other day that Joe Rose is going to be on another station. Can you tell me the sooner or later? Right. 790 AM starting on September 1st, 9.5 in the morning. Thanks, man. That's a problem. All right. Hey, we're here to promote everybody. Okay, we're not a fear to have us 790 and Greg Reads is but to be put about that after he screwed over Joe Rose about how many times. About 30 minutes. Why do I'm strong of a long and just used and abused him over it over in. So it must be a massacist. W2N, hello. Maybe I'll have that check as far as. Fries at checkers. Okay, you got a man. Thanks. And have a great day. See, there's a guy actually we spotted to our pool. It takes a little while to get him going because we got these other people that had their own agenda before we started a poll question. So you may have noticed over the years it takes a few minutes. Stop it man. To get them on track, so to speak. By the way, speak at a track. Todd Reckon's crew and you can forget about it. I'm not doing. When I told you the answer was no, there is no amount of money. There's no kind of devious game even cook up. The answer is absolutely positively not. I'm not endorsing an account whether the client I despise and hate like poison. Okay. They make me want a gag and puke. They want to make me up check breeders of queens that I eight years ago. It's how much I dislike those people. Okay. So the answer is just forget about it. Okay. Get some other flunky to do your work. More ons. W2N, hello. New. Yes sir. You will do a lot of exercise, right? W2N, hello. W2N, hello. Yes sir. I want to talk about our stern. What do you want to say? Hello? What do you want to say? Did Neil? Yes it is. Yeah. Why are you always that modern-hour stern? About one. Well, we go over the your deposit time limit. How are you talking about? I haven't said I'm a static. I wish they go under one thirty. You always really come from your listeners about, you know, how stern and fan to my mind. I don't know. But let me ask you something. So you're making comments about you wish you was on to a clock. Am I hanging up on you? Yeah, but I'm just on the on my house. I'm saying, and I listen to you. Well, I don't like the way you see. Okay. So what's your answer? What's your answer? What's your answer? Have a different opinion. Somebody sends us a facts. You've got the wrong show, pal. I don't kiss anybody's asking for a year's. Schmuck. How do you like that? Oh, that's typical. So really, a typical stern and groupy. See there are sourced stern fans, which is fine. We welcome them all to the show. They like what we're doing here if not by by. But, you know, if you're a groupy, then there's something obviously wrong with you. I wish they would go on and this is serious. I wish they go under 355. If I could get paid the same every day for the next 80 million years. And so I croaked for working five minutes a day. I didn't have no ego. You see, unlike Howard and certain other people. So don't have any ego. So it doesn't bother me in the least. But I don't have this desperate need to be on the air to be, you know, we do whatever it hell it is. I have no problem with that. So a listener said in a facts and I read it. If they would have said a facts in and said, Howard Stern would have congratulations as a greatest thing in history and we're the extent, are we those two? Fuck. But you're one of those people with a very fragile ego, and you're just like certain other people, and that you can't handle the truth. Problem at chapter 11 at five, 60 WQAM. Over the years you've heard me talk to you about Chuck Alphayari and his painted hair systems. Charles Alphayari is the best in the business for over 35 years. He's made guys look great with his fantastic hair systems that are virtually 100% undetectable. Let me say it again. He's detectable. And right now Charlie's introducing the latest development and hair restoration. It's called the new laser-light therapy treatment. Now this treatment is used for treating fine and thinning here. The new treatment fine. All we're fine. And thinning here. This new treatment is FDA certified and we store his hair and scalp act of which healthy estate while increasing hair shaft density and volume. The new laser-light therapy and its cool light laser devices effective on both men and women. And as a painless non-invasive treatment that's completed in about half an hour. Charlie and his staff are witnessing dramatic results with their new system that impedes hair fall off for those with fine and thinning here. So stop thinking that by some miracle, some active god that your thing here is just going to stop falling around in the sink shower on the float and give Charlie a cover more about his new exciting laser-light therapy treatment and how can solve all your thinning hair problems. It truly can change your life. Make you look at level out better and younger too. Call Charlie toll-free. There's no obligation. It's 1-800-321413. That's 1-800-3212413 around that wicked worldwide web Charlesoffeary.com. Hey, that's how it is. Hey, that's how it is. How it's fair. I'm so honored to see you. I'm so honored to see you. I'm so honored to see you. I'm so honored to see you. I'm so honored to see you. I'm so honored to see you. I'm so honored to see you. I'm so honored to see you. I'm so honored to see you. I'm so honored to see you. I'm so honored to see you. I'm so honored to see you. I'm so honored to see you. I'm so honored to see you. I'm so honored to see you. I'm so honored to see you. I'm so honored to see you. I'm so honored to see you. I'm so honored to see you. I'm so honored to see you. I'm so honored to see you. I'm so honored to see you. I'm so firmly raised Come on come on and feel no guilt When you hold me can do this that feels LA The place is so pretty today How will they survive when they're on it? In the city? When they're on it? In the city? here's the spy report that's what they just called mo what about six or six they'll call the Howard Stern of six 15 this morning something in mode do do do do do do do do do do how we got my heart's mixed right way that's already yeah and probably give me a bunch of crap about how I'm lining that I see the interesting that's the irony of the whole part is that was predicted by certain how we're doing to do do do do do do do do mention no names of the but uh... quite the contrary all contrary but we got a bunch of us to do was out there and have a good time because basically what you're trying desperately to announce to the world is I have no right this is the bad news boys and girls bush edges ahead of carry for the first time this year he heads it in the next week's republican and so convention with voters moving slightly in his direction of its signs that john carry has been nicked not by a bullet this time like in Vietnam but not by tax on the service in the Vietnam but that's on for the first time this year in time survey bush led carry forty nine to forty six percent among registered voters and time for just before the democratic convention last month carry out a two point lead and it uh... although a solid majority of american say they believe carries out on our believe in Vietnam the poll showed that he attacks on the senator from a group of Vietnam veterans for a bunch of professional liars criticizing his performance in combat and his anti-war protest at home have left some marks carry suffered small but consistent eroding compared with your life i'm telling you there's so many stupid people are here just the it's a scary and of course they get sucked right into what many makes the phone call and uh... trying to convince them why aren't they striking back to by the odd of a man there's never been a man and i don't think other than hebert Hoover there hasn't been a more vulnerable president than this one and his uh... these people just continue wimping out man it's a democratic fnw it's all they know how to do when did that win folk oh well we know what to be too a harsh we don't want to come off as a peering heart no let them continue doing it just like the jade mcain in 2000 not only was a decorated war here over the p.o.w now that's that's okay and that's plain on two is in a wheelchair and he's trying to make the case out there at proper touches and they're given him a song of dance i think they were like a he was doing weelys out there from the ranch five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT and t and Verizon wireless line what's the best fast food item sold fast food joints the best food item milkshakes and steak and shakes seventeen fries and we've got another one yeah nobody's gonna call in but it's definitely worth some post the jimoka shake at arby's they have jimoka shakes at arby's you never had one no one you're trying to tell me a while back about a month ago all they have those anymore where you're full of crap of course they have them maybe it was Josh was trying to tell me that i've told you about those market fresh sandwiches yeah i got something fresh for it i'm gonna bring it to you in a bag anyway milkshakes from steak in shake seventeen fries and McDonald's 12 chicken sandwich of windy's nine readers of pre-montagglebell only eight see there we are again and everybody knows that should be the winner cheeseburger windies five and fries and tickets three fifty four votes we should have many many more but thirty man fifty thousand more on your buy a two o'clock w q a and hello yes i'd like to begin speaking bill yes uh... i have a question being that bush is such a rain rain yes how could it be possibly that the democrats couldn't come up with somebody else to just easily win this election i think that's what that that's the expertise man member water monday or member michael du paka right he is so vulnerable bush and every aspect of it i think people i think it's not the thing to be irony you've got a decorated war hero who volunteered to serve in the at nom against an a wall uh... national guards were didn't show up at the time and who had the daddy full stress to keep him from fighting and pray a uh... vice president of a chaney who is a draft of your five separate times and their their pick up on him and they're making you know making in rose with the public is that's how stupid the people are and how and it's a carry people are it's unbelievable democratic party is the the anti-Christ man they're pathetic they have like a death wish you know i saw an ad that he had running for about insurance and he said that he wants to get small uh... i mean tax credits for small business i think he has to speak more to the people people that's a big issue health care for the elderly and things like that i think he has to speak more to people and tell them that he wants to give health care to the elderly instead of talking about things like tax credits for small businesses the average older person doesn't but it's a to do is ripped a crap out of board that's what he needs to do it should have been doing that to convention they should all take an of pay from ten ten and a hour dean and we can ask and they should put you leave a minute of room closet somewhere yeah they're likely to be a public elected was a city of the board now what is this you only uh... the somebody fact is a you sent me uh... part obviously the second page of a story no no i just i just uh... omitted all the uh... uh... hoss or i don't surprise the link to the to this story about time don't like us to the content of his face time don't like us was a major failure in a mime market years ago by the way we treat it a hospital for a black eye and a cut above the eye that required seventeen stitches following attack outside a restaurant early monday for new police report like his forty eight is known for blunt talk on gender issues in other words uh... women bashing and for naming such individuals as the woman accusing co-bright of rape or woman who tried to commit suicide out of you uh... one of his regular trips to broadcast from cia to like a city was getting some fresh air about three forty five in a morning money outside a cafe when a man took a picture of him went back inside the night spot and returned with two other men i was mining my own business as a person who will know i would who i was from the radio he said oh yeah i guess you know who he is from the radio right sure look just like him yeah looking at your uh... speaker did all this time like is one of three men said like is to take a call from himself and among the air questioning his verility the man who took the picture on a thing to get a point the man who took the picture in kick like is in the head knocking to the ground according to the report the two men fled the reports in our like is the camera was so it's uh... is this a big story or what i'm even give a crap about tom do like is uh... to the guy kick them head he's small potatoes well that's a good story five six seven five six the pomp five six the only eight c and c maybe was a couple of guys who actually like women w q a and hello about a Wendy strip or which he okay that's actually what i had in mind that i say wrong that's good he said cheeseburgers so that's already on the single double civil double triple sex couple of the and i like that is not monotoman good choice a Wendy's triple with cheese with ketchup and onion only oh man and if you're lucky my next one get what you ordered especially the Wendy's down there by where we're here oh boy wow well it's kind of a different crowd that's like a double food the wheel of meat w q a and hello oh well yes sir some from quintos okay here the very good quintos not quintos that's a quintos quiz notes all right they bring us food one day it was very great i'll raise it the answer you here's our here we got quiz notes here all over the place we have quiz here i know that was just gonna say that damn it five six seven okay you got that trash quiz notes sub how we put these on there sub some quintos there you go so far milkshake it's taken shake that was my i came up with that i'm proud 26 fries in McDonald's 17 that was Georgia course chicken sandwich away with that scene jr. George well because a lot of people were gonna say that they did second place already don't you know that okay just know it and i do like like hui what's the name of that you could get with our some coaches just know what hui uh was name hui we lose hui Louis hui uh some of no i don't know hui in do a hui log burrito supreme taco bell 10 well i love them burrito supreme cheese burger when these six first of them triple cheese with ketchup and honey and only please fries and checkers four and the jemoku shake at arby's out of 79 votes it's got the big oh far it'll have some what some people with some real taste w q a m hello yeah no thank you for your business from McDonald's bacon and cheese biscuit bacon egg bacon egg and cheese biscuits from McDonald's they are okay thanks i would say i would see it there but i won't after golden arches man the people are poisoning the world who are destroying and a can't imagine why people continue getting fatter not just in America but all over the world again fatter and fatter and bigger sicker biobbbs and of course the horror these things man can't imagine why can you have a listen 20 is that your evaluation for evolving 20 six after eleven five sixty speaking that if you're on one of segue if you're on the adkins the sounds be sugarbusters many low carbs sugar free died then head forward the lights of west bokeh for years the lights is help thousands of low carb died is achieved their weight loss goals and now the lights of west bokeh celebrating their 14th anniversary with special discounts up to 50 percent off on low carb products like carbolite purity light carpsets and lots more and is the anniversary super special you can save half off on all their act in the brand's food and supplements don't forget to great selection low carb bakery items like cheese cakes breads rolls brownies for all your brownie hounds and whatever you find a story you can try before you buy two to make sure you like it they got can you imagine that in the supermarket you can actually taste it before you buy it yeah that would be a nice that would be a they got a knowledgeable staff a delight syrup in every day till ten don't forget their guaranteed lowest price policy on all atkins carbolite and purity light products too the lights of west bokeh will not be under so do find them on the northeast corner of glazed in 441 right next to bust and marketer column tool free one eight seven seven L O W C A R B you're on a web it's low carb dot com the lights of west bokeh is your official atkins retail centers on five sixty sixty two eight eight eight eight uh yeah the ball just went out all right I guess what I got anywhere I think you're pardon uh yeah for the corresponders anyway this keep going for a second I'm not going to go back with that one forward, that came from. How about that? Okay, so I guess I just played live as going to play George. I go for it. I'm now for another celebrity presidential endorsement. This is Arnold Schwarzenegger. I'm a tossing resident George W. Bush. He has the values of the Slabian Americans in the Red States. And to the Americans in the Blue States, I'll be the say this. I'll teach you I would my new pinkie tall, you curly man. This George W. Bush, and I never heard of these people. Or Kim Lane. George W. Bush never wasn't the Adolf. He lied about even being the service. And that's Bob Dahl and Bob Dahl says, I never saw Kerry B. So in my view, that makes him alive. God, Kerry, wasn't a bait at all. Our summits was parties, Paul, and you used to have. I remember watching Kerry F. Six would need a talent on the side of George. John Kerry never went to be a nom. He didn't did John Edwards. Kerry was orphaned as a stunt double for Fred Quinn. It's only true with we say so. Listen to the voices in your head. And the ones we hired to lie about John Kerry's service. Because we can do anything we like. You are weak, mind it in gullible. Tells it's me, we can head up there. It's 1129 and in 560. W. W. Q. A mad dog is on today at 2 and we got unfortunately. Oh my, who's so out of touch with reality that it almost pains me. It almost gives me big roads. Human shifts are tough to US and wouldn't create. He's probably got some bad roads now I would think. Or sporters. A Cuban woman tucked herself inside a wooden crate. The size of a small filing cabinet. And had herself shift from the Bahamas to Miami border cargo plane. All from the Bahamas, Monace, bad. The last thing we need is any more people from the Bahamas. Because she's from the Bahamas. She's come in by way of that. We don't need any more people from the Bahamas in the US or from Jamaica. Or from Los Saint-Kids or from the Saint-Thomas, similar. Or Jamaica or a right. The woman whose name was not released to be allowed to stay in the US of course. A cargo crew found her, trod up inside the crate after unloading it. Two days might be international. But at least she's lucky to be alive said Zack Man's folksman for customs and border protection. Speaking of Zack, let's see him no more. Under the so-called Redfoot Drive Food Policy, Tubans who reach US soil, we are usually allowed to stay. While those who are picked up at CR sent home. Federal officials released no information how the woman got from Cuba to the Bahamas. The 180-mile route is flown by a third party contractor for delivery service DHL. We've said it was investigating. The flight lasted only an hour. So the woman described as being in early 20s would have been exposed to the cold thoroughly assured period. And then in other words, no problem. Earlier this year, a homestay man who shipped himself in a wooden cargo crate from New York to Dallas was fine. 1500 bucks sentenced to four months of house arrest for being a stowaway. And forced to spend the rest of the year at Crawford Texas. What about a bunch of a mouth-reading idiots? Popeyes biscuits, okay, got this biscuits at top of the bat. We got him a cracker with soul, alright. Biscuits at Popeyes? Yeah. I never eaten it. Popeyes are bold dangles. I don't think they're for me. I will be able to break it about 10 minutes. What do you mean by that? That's what I was told by the engineers at. For ETA. We'll be able to break it about 10 minutes. Well, the next schedule break is about 10 minutes. We're not doing an even break. I'll take it right now. Oh, come on. It's all the rage now. No freaking chance. See, what are our sponsors? They don't want to be like the 10th spot in the middle of a 20 minute break. Sure they do. Because they realize it's like having a quarter of an inch add in the sum of the Harold, it just kind of a waste of cash, you know. When you get lost in the middle of a long, ponderous commercial break that goes on and on, nobody's paying the attention. Anyway, the chilly at Wendy's somebody says, I'm not. See, I love chilly, but I don't like it with beans. Right? And I'm sure you can't get it without the beans, right? Sure you can. You have to buy it, though, in their places you can't go. Real chilly does not have beans. No, I understand it. I know you can get it, but I'm talking about, like, if these joints are so like when these things they will do that's official to the right means. Because it's all prefab, it's all that cooked in a big, big, steaming pot. It's sitting there for like hours and hours and hours just, oh man. Just rotting and festering. Kind of like a stuff in the windows there in the empty room. And I was very pleased to see in my last tip here of that day. I, in fact, I wave high to some of those slices of pizza in the window. That one place called Good Luck and believe me, you'll need it. I'm serious. I recognize some of the food in the window. So that and don't think that it's just like an undesplathing, you know? They actually sell it. Oh, oh. Yeah, these unsuspected punks who are stoned out there and I said anyway to come along. Oh, I got the munchies. I have a big slice of pizza with pineapple. It's been sitting there for about October 1893. This is one of my favorite stories of all times. It makes me very proud to be part, at least a little bit of Canadian in me. So to speak. It was Dan Bastard's last year. It's idiots this year. Oh, right. Alright. Canadian member of parliament Carolyn Perish had said she hated Dan to Americans and called them Bastards and run up to the Iraq War. She found a new moniker in yesterday discussing the planned US missile defense system. We are not joining the coalition of idiots. We're joining the coalition of the Y's, deliver legislative, total small group of demonstrators. Perish who had to apologize for her bastards in March last year. At first that I'd use him with her medias. And when reporters put it out, they had to remarks on tape this like last year. She said, I don't mean Americans are idiots. The world respects Canada, for who to join this, and it will be giving credibility to what they're doing. She said. Perish didn't beg reporters not to use their marks. Please guys, don't put on that tape. She said, I've already got an in-trival once. Really, please have had enough trouble. She's just got a big mouth. And most guys like somebody like that who's got a big mouth. But I guess I'll hear you wouldn't make much to hear all of that. The top spokesman performed her predecessor Jean Crutch, and who also had a big mouth, which kind of sloped off the one side. Francois Duquero had a residen in 2002 for calling to President George Bush a moron, and otherwise for telling the truth. Perch and successor, Prime Minister Paul Martin, who's about as exciting as happy or computing, has pledged to put relations with Canada's largest trading partner on warmer footing. You go, girl. Nice to go, and Carolyn. Keep telling. Watch it as bitch. Oh, let's see. Here, all here, grilled sub from Blimpy. Got it? We can also, which is here, free Hank Goldberg. Nice going, whoever from Mike, nice going, excellent job. 560, 5050, 5050, pound five 60 on the AT&T. It's like free range. You don't have to have the free range. Chicken, this is free range radio. It's what we got. And that is. Because we just kind of like, there's no format anymore. And why have a format? You know? We got stuff that works once in a while. And we put it on a whole bunch of spots. 560, pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless on the best food out of Seoul at fast food joins. What do you got? 32 in. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Taco Leaver or Taco Bell, what's your preference? Taco Bell. Taco Bell. Taco Vita. Taco Vita still in business? I don't know. But he used to be my favorite. I'm 145 pound. I'm trying to trade your driver. And I can still run for the camp up. You know what my craving is? Always crystal mini burgers. Oh yeah, right. That's good. Yeah. But that on the list, Neil. Burger. Okay. Thanks, pal. See in the in Temple Terrace. Not. The mini burgers at Crystal. That's what the K. Of course, K.R.Y.S.T.L. Not to the confused the George's wife. Right. Have you ever eaten at Crystal? No. Really? I don't think so. I still don't understand that. I guess it's because most of the people in不多 eat a举过 discomfort. Or they like stuff that have to chew too hard. Because they like to gum their food. All the jerry at five. See what why they didn't make it down here. Hey. Yeah, you know. And I do mean literally fallen apart. I don't know what happened to that, okay? There're shakes, there's still a great. While awak are eaten in the pool. No shakes. Until 5 minutes there are great. right. I mean, look, we can't live in a past with all this stuff that was good. I'm just saying stuff that's all around the rest of the state. Just like, uh, hearties. We've been got hearties here, eh? How come there's no hearties? Is there a hearty and then the data brought upon each? Uh, there's a one, one thing they got to insgrade at hearties, man, is that shroom, uh, shroom and she's very man. There he is. He won down on bird road, but that was like a hundred years ago. Right. That was probably a little bit too good. For the folks in that love word, uh, make it a point to go to hearties every time we take a trip up north to the south. There we go. WQM, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. How are you doing? Hmm? What is it? I'm speaking, yeah. Hi, Neil. How are you? I wasn't wondering to put in on my request first. I want a three piece chicken from Fiddler City, which is just as a colorful. I'll bring it right over. Well, we have to have one right next door to the station you were in Luxembourg, who Joshua, be delivered to right here, door right at two pithine. Just sit tight right now, okay? Oh, God. Now somebody is probably going to say KFC. I've seen that story about them, butchering up them chickens and stomping on them. Yes, we said. That's nice. I should be like this baseball bats. Oh, is that what it's a tendery? Oh, I've not said that. I've published my store order that everybody has to use eight offs to gain to tenderize all their stuff. WQM, hello. Yeah, Neil, the flaw KFC is probably the best. The flaw KFC is the best item. The flaw KFC, okay? Let's go. Oh, you're just for a whole time saying that's good. The flaw KFC. Slaw is for going. Okay. Now what's the story about the brace here? I mean, I like to get a little bit of a update of Chuck. Well, when the AV returns, it's broken as I'm told. And we'll go to break. I see. Well, how about if I do my next last spot right now? I never like free up something. Fair enough. Because I think we actually in the last hour, I have a couple of, we've had a couple of openings during that last hour, which is not the early on for three hours and a few minutes is really outrageous. I'll land this. I understand we even have some openings on the stern show, which shows me that our sales department is too busy trying to force me to do spots that I'm not going to ever do. And supposedly going out there and really selling the 85th and a whole bunch of 95 spots. Right? Right. I can't understand these people. 22 till noon at QAAM. You've heard me talk about dry concepts from many years. This is I've used in my house for over 20 years. They've been around in South Florida for 25 years. Cleaning carpeting like nobody ever heard of before because they have a patented exclusive method. That's where their name came from dry concepts. They dry clean your carpeting. Same idea is dry clean your clothing and guess what? It works. It sucks out all the dirt, all the germs all the crap that even make it I can't see way down there in the fibers of your carpet. And leave your carpet looking just like brand no no matter how filthy it is right now. And smelling lemony fresh your carpets are drying a couple of hours. You really can't clean today. And entertain tonight. They give you a written guarantee price of front before they start to drop. And you can say the next or 15% off there are already unbeatable price. I haven't you put them on you. They're stained by list when you call dry concepts. Here's their toll free number. Whether it's your carpeting or poster or your area or your expensive or animal rugs all of these things. Nobody will do a job for your life these folks. Call 1-800-248-5071. That's 1-800-248-5071 or check them on a web at dryconcept.com. It's dry concepts making carpets clean since 1979. Let's see I'm not playing the rejoined the whatever the bumper. The thingy. The bumper for the Humper. Yeah. Because we got no we can't play any spots. Now are they going to give us like a little heads up on this and they're just going to like we're going to interrupt and mid sentence because I don't care anymore to be honest. We don't know what a flow we just have to go idea. This is Greg we'd radio at its finest. Let's see a cheeseburger from Charles Lutkown or a charbore or a charbore. Sure why not? So Rosé, we're have said if we didn't put that on there. It's a charbore. In fact I got another one for you. After you put that on there another char-hat one is the Italian sausage char-hat. Don't normally think about that. Why not? Well because it's char-hat you people think of burgers. Well what about their weeners man? They got some uh uh uh weeners. Yeah. Let's see here's one from WB. It seems as if Bob dole open up a real can of worms when he brings up char-hat's war record. Quite a nation magazine article. They've August 12, 1996. Bob doles war hero record isn't even close to being just that. The article may be found at uh uh long long ponders website. Mr. Dole is just as much of fake as George WB. And not close to being the hero that char-hat is. Just another bitter-old Republican who got his ass whooped and chooses to use selective memory. Please read for a light message WB. There you go. And of course not the next year of course they got a limp **** noodle. Bob dole. Mr. Vahagra. That's why he's that's why he's been under shape and jelly. Well he didn't I think that's a good light. He didn't see carry bleed. Why are he wake up in the morning as saved bleeding? Because you know what they say if it bleeds it bleeds. Craig and Miami's chronic man. All Craig you've got to get a life for your please. I have no right. Oh man. The best item sold at a fast food place is the B.K. Briller from Burger King. Now we're beginning to understand what Craig's problem is his tastes is in his laptop and push. Anybody who says the best anything is the Burger King needs serious ass systems. Okay. Do you believe that? All the best data burgers. The B.K. those heinous uh yeah maybe that's what the B.K. stands for behind uh the B.D. Curtain or some latino. The B.K. Briller from Burger King. Well the footer on there is a comic relief. You can't complain about the food at Burger King because they don't sell any. I'm trying to think that they have shakes at Burger King and gives me the shakes when I think about eating it. Oh no I take it back in fact I got one to put on there. Okay. Although you're not going to be able to spell it Josh. The cross sandwich. He'll still Google it. Come on don't you agree? Yeah no doubt. Although I always used to get it without the egg they put that yeah little piece of plastic and cheese crusade which but we can just put the breakfast crusade which however they like it. Breakfast crusade which is Burger King is damn good. So I take back I apologize. I'm very well I almost don't know I've been already because they suck really badly but I pray I apologize. We've been working I've been working I've been working on the other way. That was a great way but. Holy crap man that was like a nice echo in there too. It sounded like the old days in a WABC little reverb. Okay go ahead and go to a break. Well let's take it. It's 18th a little. 2001. Okay what now again? Okay I thought maybe I miss it. Yeah. Why not? Why not? I'm a little boy. Now in concert. It's John Carey. I believe I believe John Carey coming soon to a town new. John Carey. Well the eye at the whole of good everything straight now it's just relax okay everything is just fine. Oh we're fine. We're team will know our equipment to find if I don't probably shouldn't mention the story now because people start connecting the dots with our audio vault continuing to crash so we can't play any spots right it's a conspiracy. Although my computer seems to be working just fine and evidently yours both are too but right a coordinated online strike against internet service by terrorists dubbed electronic geod may or may not strike this week security expert said once a community researcher in Moscow warned that today could be the day in question. Oh my god. But a recent string of attacks on primary internet services and the unraveling of major encryption routines are raising concerns in the internet operator community. Did you know there was an internet operator community? No I did not. It's kind of like the gay community and the black community and the Cuban community and the all the other communities that are such good friends of John 11. According to a Tuesday report Russian security researcher you have Gennie Caspersky. I thought he used to play for the Panthers and by the way no hockey season I think it's about 99 23% so sure. Founder of Moscow based because first he labs international said a strike against political and financial sites was expected today. Today the hackers who are proclaimed the electronic geod have enough experience and resources to paralyze the internet for several hours at least Caspersky said in the report the egeod has been discussed for years but an undisputed attack has yet to surface had can derimbed directly of malicious code and ID fence and Kavristan Virginia. He's director of malicious code. For the most part coordinated hack divist attacks have been more talked and walky added. Durham said security pros are increasingly worried about one political activist my join would like my insecurity and internet programmers. This will be a dangerous situation he said. While Caspersky's warning appears to suggest wide scale dvo s attacks distributed denial of service experts exist that important internet services as well as root servers are also at risk for example a dvo s attack in June against acomic technologies in slow traffic across the internet for several hours and in July double quick angst dns domain name system was attacked and unable to serve ads for a summer time frame. The recent significant worry in the internet community that these attacks have a greater meaning said one internet operator declined attribution they could be related to an electronic geod or not. Nobody knows. In other words nobody knows the trouble we're going to be seen as what he's saying. See. See what I'm saying. So I just mentioned that in passing I had that in my pile I figured I'll be able to have a chance to pass that along because get everybody all whipped up into a frenzy. I'll really nervous because why also the audio vault keep crap and out was that happening earlier this morning do we know is that just something that started on the world famous geological yeah just that just started with us now it's probably a communist plot is what it is it's probably a bunch of cashier supporting bearded kami pingo fags is what it is or hide not in the teabroom with the freaky carlos and the weird beard right and the buff theory. Well only we can only imagine what's going on in there. If you're the sons of a new man you're thrilled. Somebody's getting thrilled in there I guarantee you. What's the best food item sold at fast food joints that's our pull question what do we got here we got the 197 votes starting to pick up a little steam milkshake it's taken shake is holding on to wait 10 years lead 45 the chocolate shake it's taken shake is worth going don't bother with the burgers man they fall apart and they saw the idea well let's wrong with that. First came you know that one right by my house on the you saw grass there I've never heard of them. I've never heard the pleasure that would. I don't know what they'll happen to them well they started hiring some of different folks too I love his me yeah I don't know if that isn't anything to it. Bringing in some people who don't live in the hood and those folks just can't make no boogers. Anyway fry some McDonald's is a close second uh the shakes have got 47 McDonald's 41 I get the shakes take when I see the golden arch. Chicken sandwich of Wendy's 25 cheeseburger Wendy's 18 and especially the triple cheese with whatever subs from quiz notes 15. Well I sure wish I could eat that bread you know. Yeah well I never ate one of those with the bread they brought in a whole spread with your bread for me that one day. But boy those the grilled subs man they look so fantastic so inviting. Although I were I'm going to cheat I'd rather have that chocolate banana waffle with syrup but maple syrup man it was good with Canadian maple syrup. I might just have one today but I don't think they're really maple leaves made by this maple trees maple syrup maple they even try the maple syrup on here like that even what other on the made. I don't mention on here anymore huh three to supreme a Taco Bell 15 time with quiz notes that is so good. Now that's what I'm going to do I'm not going to go ahead no chocolate waffle again I'm going to go to Taco Bell and the guy that asked you for by Taco Viva they've been gone for many many years. The real good one it's no longer round was in Kindle on Sunset Drive. Taco's Olae we've talked about this many times really used to have that the melted cheese oh man they would put it everywhere they even stuff alone you're like oh if you ask nicely. If you want talking about yeah that soft or melted cheese sure name like everything good and no matter what they have what it was the tacos or burritos. In fact they're great thing was the burrito with the no beans with onions and cheese oh man tacos Olae why can't we eat why doesn't some bags do that there and rent up pill. Now this bull crab about wow if we just exercise a little bit we'll want to exercise discipline. We want to eat there's just too much good crap out there man somebody give us that freaking pill before it's too late so we can just eat man jaman jaman jaman jaman anyway anyway you can you can go to break we can play out of the other studio oh let's go to a you want to sing to me all ruchers. W2am Miami for Lord. I like to relax by having Mary Magdalene massage my balls while listening to the mount barbeque beans whoa wh Tiram All of us installed a house. Today we'll try a It's a little bit too dark. It's almost noon now. What do we do now? Here I'm making up a little longer. Yeah, we'll play it by here. What do you mean by that? We'll just have to space them out appropriately. You're both a shake from RBs. You've got a few votes in there. What do I tell you? It's got the eye. You're a little faith. Oh, I just never heard of it. What? Jamoka. We've got a Narby's right by the house. Jamoka is like a coffee shake. You ever had Jamoka ice cream? No, I've had coffee just now. Yeah, you must be. I thought you were a man of the least not the world so much but the hood. We must be. We must be sleeping in a car hang and sleeping under the hood. What is that all about? You never have like even Starbucks, which I don't call it it those places because I don't really coffee because it makes me crap my brains out. But I'm sure that Starbucks they now had their own ice creams. They're all coffee flavored. I bet you. I'll bet you a great week's life. I'm not even sure when the dump was very. They have a chocolate frappe latte thingy that's really good. No, I'm talking about these Starbucks ice creams. They have sure they got a Jamoka. Well, they, that's kind of like a shake. It comes out like a shake. But you never had Jamoka ice cream? That's a good idea. Oh my god, we do not have a Nestle's turban ice cream in Jermoker. You just imagine all the avenues you've got to look forward to. We've got to argue like once a month. So next time you go to Arby's wants a month or one to drive through for those, one of the market first sandwiches. Yeah. Is that what they're doing? Right. No, for their, they have decent chicken sandwiches there. They have a variety of fries whatever you're a stylus, even potato cakes. No, even potato cakes. I was the one talking about that right. No, wait a minute. Who was it that was told me that they didn't have potato cakes? Or was it Jamoka's treat? They said they didn't have potato cakes. No, I think that whole other dish. No, I think that was Josh. Well, he's out of the room. So let's talk about I see. Well, with good reason, okay, you knew probably we were going to talk about that. He was trying to tell me they did not have potato cakes at Arby's. Yes, they do. They said they're doing early. They're like, and the regular, they're kind of like almost like little potato pancakes. Almost right. They're good. In fact, they're kind of like potato pancakes for go. See, the stats were delivered. A blooming nose, the Brooklyn Botanical Gardens, a stage full of naked guy singing. Oops. The city's tourist bureau is told an off-road way show called naked voice singing from a list of discounted offerings to visiting Republican delegates after they Republican National Right Wing Committee complain it wasn't suitable for their blue nose right wing Bible thumping heavy hypocritical phony fags. The gay things show build a musical review that celebrates the splendors of male nudity and comedy song in dance. As we see generally good reviews hasn't created much of a steer since it began its run six years ago. It's 2127 performances make it the tenth longest running off-road way show ever. So when New York City and company placed a production among the theater offerings for its come early state lead program, decided to get delegates to spend next to a couple of days in the city, nobody thought much about it. But this month, when members of the Republican National Committee on arrangements began to review the list of offerings, the show's title caught their eye and they asked it to be removed from the tourist bureau's website. The Republican Party selected what we felt were offered that this would suit our blue nose right wing audience. R&C spokesman Leonard Alcvar said Wednesday. We thank the producers for offering their generous discount. I wish them continued to assess for the show. It's interesting that when he's felt success by the way. It's been a spelling. I hate to write the news to you. It's charged back in there. Yeah, I hate to write the news to two things that were when they do still have pathetic aches at our base. That's number one. And because I'm in fact, I was you that denied the thing. And number two, you left the you got like cross and which cross. I guess I guess I guess where they used to burn him. Was it on the cross? Which word? Which? But see the idea, it's a cross son and a sandwich. I don't want to get like two technical here. Okay, look at two technical. Yeah, but that's what that's all of food. Is a cross sandwich? Is a cross son with a sandwich form with some inside of it. Stuff as opposed to means the Planger and their pedestrian French cross cross. That's what I see left the left of the eye. And of course, I'm sure the airical pass that up in no time at all. This story is very disturbing and very distressing and one more reason. Nobody ought to vote for George Bush to be in the weekend with his very bunch of Nazi killers for these lunatics with all that blood on their hands. By the way, you're love the new billboard that picture a bush that we have on there. On our website, yourwargers.com. I mean, it just is so dumb that it's scary and the fact that more than maybe half of the electric or a little bit more of those who decided is I'm going to vote for him again. If it's just a scandalous, unbevelable. So when some Canadian bitch says that we got a bunch of idiots who run in America, how about the ones who are voting for these idiots and put them back in there again or coming close to close enough for them to steal it again. Lies and lies and smear and the dirty and these were the people that we're going to break back to season. And civility. All these other things. The good religious holy Bible thumb for all of this crap. The you feed this huggers. These stem cell lickers. But boy, just smear and when they get cornered like a cornered rack, just lash out and smear and tear down. And that's because they don't have a record they can run on. You could list their accomplishments on your fingers and have at least four and a half left over. So what are we talking about? He didn't really deserve those medals. That's right. He only had a little flesh wound is what I'm hearing. And he's not a big deal. Yeah. And they probably dragged his ass over there. Anyway, speaking of what people dying for no reason at all. A man was severely burned yesterday when he said far away Marine Corps of Ann F. being told that his Marine son had been killed in Iraq police. He said, another senseless killing, another senseless tragedy not to mention what's going on in the jaff over there. Now they got the old eye of tola. Sistani they brought back. They got al-Sadar and al-Atoa. I told him this one and that one. And they're all rioting in the streets and a whole bunch of people are dead in the UNA bomba Grande over here and over there in the little bit over there in Picania, near Picania. And all the stuff is going on because of this war based this illegal invasion based on a pack of lies. And nobody's talking about that because your media are just a bunch of shields. You're a bunch of suckles is what you are. All of your people NBC ABC, CBS, CNN, MSNBC with nobody watches, and of course Fox that goes without saying. I thought they I thought they finally must have come to their senses when they finally admit a little bit honest the unfox when they were placed the old logo on Fox News with a swastika. I thought at least they're starting to show the little honest the anyway. And he noticed that all the reporters now unfox news. It's obligatory to have the little paste on mustache. Yeah. Let's go to his paste on. Three US Marines went to the house in Hollywood yesterday afternoon told the parents of a 20 year old Marine that their son died Tuesday and combat in a job. The father Carlos Aradondo, 44, then walked in the open garage picked up a can of gasoline a propane tank and a lighting device. Hollywood police captain Tony Rodney said, he smashed the fans window and with a propane tank and doused the van with gasoline before setting it on fire. The father was indiscriminately, same as any of us would be after hearing this kind of horrible news, Rodney said, but then the father basically loses it. He can only imagine what this father was going through. He snapped to say the least. Local TV news days that identified the son as PFC Alexander Aradondo, Rodney did not confirm that cost the Marine for we're not immediately returned. The Marines unsuccessfully tried to stop Aradondo from starting to fire, but he said himself on fire when the process was inside the burning van when Marines pulled him out and put out the flames. He was taken initially the Memorial Regional Hospital in Hollywood moved to Miami's Jackson Memorial. He was listed in serious condition with secondary severe burns to his arms and legs. All of these tragedies, all of these dead people. Thanks to the butcher of Washington, okay? And the public says, oh yeah, well he's got a good point about that just right. But just because he was a wall and he can't make telling anybody where he was and what that was all about. And he piding that part of his military records and I think that term military records loosely. Man, you don't ever ever overestimate the intelligence of the American public. And I think that's an oxymoron American intelligence because there's so little you've got to have a search party. And I have Shylock Holmes and Miss Herkuele Perro, whatever it is him, and Miss Marple, Mar-Maple, whatever it name was. What was her name? Agatha Christie. Let's see, there you go. It is just amazing how many idiots there are out there. But thanks for those low gas prices. Mr. President? Yeah, thanks for giving us tremendous respect around the world. And the international cooperate. Mill, let me get back to this pool because I'm getting all whipped up into a frenzy and you should not be allowing me to do this because it's the last day of this summer schedule. That's what I ought to be pissed off about. And then to find out that students going on vacation again, I'm not going to be only until 10 o'clock or earlier. All next week, because they're playing a bunch of stale old tapes. Oh my goodness. What kind of punishment is that? It's not bad enough that I'm not in training. I'm not in shape to be doing five shows in one week. There's a demo. I did five full four hour shows. And maybe a couple of extra minutes before 10 o'clock, which I will see what happens there. I kind of like that music work. Yeah. I mean, I mean, KT, whatever that classical situation is going on, he's in melodies. Isn't that something Andy Cordes that thing I read on Tuesday that was really something about WKT? They got like, how many listeners do that classical scratchy music on their scratchy AM signal? Not turned man. It's like a big song to dance. All he's doing is they're giving you a little warning. They're going to dump it. They're going to Schmidt Cannon. Looks like it's taking, Stake is the best fast food on the soul that fast food joins. That's what's so far in our pool 53. How many hosts we've got? I'm not going to talk about 262, not overwhelming. Pretty weak. The fries in McDonald's 47, when these cheese burgers 27, the chicken sandwich of when these 26, chicken sandwiched to me is like, I don't know, nothing a lot of taste. It does. It does there. Let's just spicey chicken. Yeah. It's a way to go. Surprisingly, they're both good, but we like spicy. They're very tender there. They're very flavorful. They even tend to eat. Yeah. Bringers are pretty awesome. Some some quizzos has got 22. Good stuff. You know, I can't eat it. Can't eat all that bread. Bringers are pretty good. Talk about 19. Man, that is the cat's meow. Charburger with Charher 14. Did you mokishik and Arby's got 10, George? You love it. You're right back? This weekend, you better go try one. Oh, well, make the perit. Or else. Fries at checkers 10. Bacon egg and cheese biscuit in McDonald's 9. That sounds so. Oh, so much. You know what they also have in hearties? They have those nasty biscuits with gravy. I don't like any of those biscuits. Oh, we're all the one. They don't eat. You know what they had in biscuits. They were like they've been sitting on a meat corner in Hollywood, California. They're all thru. It tastes like bacon soda. Oh, man. They are nasty. Which goes to join. They sell like crazy. Big seller. Anyway, making a cheese biscuit McDonald's 9. Many burgers at Crystal of that 8. Chile, when these has got 5, although I'm sure they got them beans. There's nasty kidney. Yeah, they do. Ooh. This gets it Popeye's 3. The big kid brother Burger King's got 2. People with absolutely no taste. They cross sandwiched. Which I still don't think that's right. But it's close enough. Burger King has got a pair. The Italian sausage is charred only 2. The slag cake. He's got 2. It must be really, really fantastic. You know what? For the cold slotted, it's voted. That tells you how to blow. And the grilled salad bluntly is only going to blow. I'm flippy. So, by the way, didn't they once bring a spoon? I don't recall. I think they did. And I don't really care what they brought a spoon or not because. I guess I just didn't like maybe they improved. Maybe they got better. I don't even remember. I know they didn't. I think they're white as sucks. See, having a good sub in sub. That's why it's a good thing that Quizzos came along. And of course, our good friends at Atlantic, at Atlantic City. Atlantic City. Oh, well, that was a party in sub wasn't it. Atlantic City. Atlantic City. Atlantic City sub. Yes, A. I-Ruh, who isn't there anymore. But anyway, they got good sub. But fun and good sub is like fine and good pizza and soft food. A very little, we got the house. Our friends, you have to go and do a note here from him anymore. They have to go through a good man. He's regrouping, he's doing just fine. He's regrouping. I'm sure that. Everybody. It's 11 past noon at 5. 60. Well, he must be making a few bucks now that the rumors moved to Columbia anyway. Right now, for a limited time, we can say a lot more is picking a money than before on top-side mattresses from Dalam. Microsoft, you do a sit on your fat, lazy ass and make one easy call. Is it kind of shopping all of us, love? Just call 1-800 mattress today for extra discounts above and beyond. They're already every day on beautiful low-factory direct prices. Plus, now you can get an extra 10% off service. Perfect sleep or magnolia. I think even comes with the frogs. Combine three-state of these savings and other savings with a Dalam Office award-winning service. Their ranked number one overall customer satisfaction. They were winners of the 2004 better business bureau, local torture vxl and support, and of course, the runtime delivery policy that lets you pick the two-hour window you want your mattress shut through. And you'll be a satisfied customer like I've been for years. If you have a college student need to bedding, pick up the phone right now called 1-800 mattress and get send it over to all major colleges and universities from Miami to Maine or just send me his picture, maybe he can sleep on my mattress. From candlestua, Palm Beach to Ford Myers, Dalam Actress with the liver, the finest bedding around, everybody QAIM, all of smart people all over town are calling 1-800 mattress because it's the easiest as smartest piece of shopping you can ever do. Just that one easy call will have you sleep and fine for years to come. 1-800 mattress around their website at smactras.com, 1-800-MATTRES. You're listening to Neil Roger S. exclusively on 5-60. One Miguel Gonzalo, father of Ilya, meets with his attorney in preparation to take his son. That took you well, Mr. Gonzalo, as how was your trip? Very good, guys. I saw me have any questions before we go any further. CCC, these books with the pictures. It's incredible. What is this? Oh, that's a television. Oh, tell me. Mr. Roy, what does... Why does that mean? Pardon me. Why does that mean? Well, it means what's up? Like what's going on? Why does that mean? Right, it's a greeting. I know that you're uncomfortable being here. This is a very difficult time for you to do. What is it? Oh, this pizza hut. Stop, crust, pizza, he's incredible. How do they get the muts on it, actually, into the crust? I'm not sure. So as I was saying... As I was saying, we will try to make your stay here as comfortable as possible and get you home as quickly as possible. Bye-bye. Are you going somewhere? No, I'm missing to the new CD by the boy band InSync. Was my new Sony Discman? He's incredible. Yes, Mr. Gums, LA's. They are quite incredible, but we'll be meeting with the... Just an inappropriate idea for two. You must say, be my big, big, big, big, big. Bye-bye. Oh, God, sure. Don't you want to get this over and get back to Cuba? Why are you long for? I love it here. Then I'll bring you to Canada and Cuba. And I can watch all the Yankee games. What's Mr. Ryan? But is it Mr. Gums' eyes? Where's that? From 18 at 560 WCM, we got the man dog Jim Manage of 2. We got the Howard David at the 4 for Hank Goldberg, which has been in an on vacation. Not necessarily in that order. Marlon's on that 6-door E-Grants at the Marlon's 7-0-5, and any K, good old guns, just their day after day, it's any K. It gives me the odds and everything that things have been intended and things we haven't thought of yet after the ballgame tonight. Speak of alien, alienito. By the way, the U.S. reports is that they're still checking for it. They're still looking at it. They're still fumbling with it. A federal judge is still on our lawsuit claiming six federal agents used excessive force in that armed raid to seize little alienito from Salas Atoma, his Miami Slime Ball relatives four years ago. The 14-page order issued this week by U.S. District Judge Marcia Cook, concluded that the agents who connected the raid were legally immune to the lawsuit and she found no constitutional violations. We were pleased with the judge's decisions had Charles Miller watched and spoke smoothly to Department of Justice. That wasn't a reaction in Miami, of course. We are shocked and disappointed by the court's decision-town fit and present of the right-wing judicial law set in the statement yesterday. The legal law's well-grouped suit on behalf of Aliens, cousin Great Uncle in his wife. It's ashamed that Bush administration defends these unlawful acts by the Clinton administration he said. The gun's Dallas family is considering an appeal. The lawsuit noted that the raid team broke down the front door on announced sprayed irritating gas, or two bad back in the day we'd have a lot of good care over that. irritating gas, is nothing worse than irritating gas, tell people a gunpoint in childhood of identities had slightly unarmed or relatives supporters and news media in the pre-down raid of April 2000. Of course, the fact that if those people would have obeyed the law, and it would have turned them over and handed them over without all that sound events, we wouldn't have had to go through all that to sound events. A famous associated press photograph showed a friend Ali on in a closet thinking away from an armed martial-drecting, short clothing during the raid, the boy now ten was returned on the cue after his father, or with his father after the raid. And of course, we all know that it was the fishermen that was holding him in the closet. Why was the fishermen in the closet? I think that that's where it needs to be example of in Mold. The suit was the sixth file over the raid including three by people at the thousands, three by a whistle-blowing immigration agent who claimed an anti-cuban bias to the Miami office of the former INS service. The agent reached the settlement, and on the cases of going to try it all much of, copyright is they say in Czechoslovakia, or used to be with the Czech Republic. Where's the deal the way around? 560 pound, 560, or following this on the AT&T in Verizon Marlisovsky. A lot more names on this pool. I'm sure we have a lot more votes if we had a lot more items. When you think, we'll take a lot more calls. Well, if I did, but yeah, we've got a lot of fish to fry. See? Nobody's saying no fish sandwiches. Anyone on a wide as anybody, not that I don't need that anyway. Would this anybody make you a fish sandwich? Or nobody, this is famous for it. Because the only story is that I always hear about people with feed fish sandwiches, especially if that Mickey D's is, and people getting really sick. You know, I'm really sick. Right? I had heard those stories. Oh yeah, all the time, hearing people getting sick on bad fish. 560, or 560, pound, 560 on the AT&T. How are we fixed for a break? We're just doing the normal routine rest of the thing now? Yeah, we're back to normal. Assuming that everything continues working. Give it a QA and hello. Hey, me, how you doing? Pretty good? You know, you're no longer able to use the sound effects that you've used years ago. That is correct. But a couple more years ago, I didn't hear these sounds on the gentleman from 6 to 10. And how are it's firm show, yes? Yes, sir. So are you under different laws in me? I don't really care. No, we're forefowing the corporate, the corporate is handed down there. Edict, and I just want the money. I'm saying, I'm not going to be like a child and sit here banging a spoon on the table. I like my cigarette, it's not just right. I'll do whatever the hell they tell me. As long as they keep paying me that kind of money, I'm more than delighted. In addition to which guess what? Somehow we're continuing to just find without the sounds. Yeah, this is true, sir. Yeah, but also all of you are more enjoyable, should I listen to that? Absolutely. Okay, and have a great faith. I want to get that guy all. His feathers ruffled, they call out power again in our morning. I'm tape. See, it's interesting because of the column at 65th in the morning that for a professional Ojo and provacca to respect that column as before. If he did that, then how come that was before we even got that fact that I read? Right. How come you do that? Yeah. Ha ha ha ha. So far, I don't have we had any facts that said, boy, it sure is great having Howard Sturton, we make a great back to Matt Coward or whatever. Huh? Are we wish Dermas until midnight? No, he's like that. Because if we had those, we'd, I'd sure read him. Or maybe there's Georgia sabotaging it. And I said to him those facts is not passing him along to me because he's got that personal Robbvug of his aunt. You know how jealous I am. That's right. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. WQA and hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. You still a best Neil. What kind of a Howard man? Yep. I got somebody to respect. No. How do you like that? Yeah, well. Mm-hmm. I guarantee you a lot of Dumpen going on there. I can all of thought I smelled something. 560, 560. Is this a difficult question or we got all of them on here? Because if that's the case, I'll just proceed with my agenda here. I got a whole pile of very important stuff. Huh? I don't know. That's WQA and hello. Hello Neil. Yes sir. How are you? I'm great. Good, good. I'm glad to hear. I don't usually I can't get through, but this is the first time. Just want to let you know, fix bands. My brother and I love listening to you. Just like an awful George. I wanted to mention, I don't know if anybody's saying anything. I've only been able to hear you for the last 20 minutes. This morning, somebody called us the Howard Show and I don't know why I was listening, but I put it out for about five minutes and then I usually turn it off. Somebody made a comment. A couple of people were complaining. They called up and said, oh man, those guys in Miami are pissing you when you get off the air. And they were pretty, he's complaining about how they're, they didn't like, they didn't like Howard and they were crying. It was great. I enjoyed it. Yeah. And what did he say? Oh, he says, oh, let me tell you. He's there talking about the beef. He says, well, you know, I like those beef guys. They're pretty nice people over there that run that. And he kind of was buttering up to them and smoothing around it. And this guy was complaining. Oh, yeah. They're saying that they're not getting a lot of it. He just blocked out a lot of your show and he says, oh, yeah, we've had problems. And then he says, oh, well, a little bit of Howard is better than. There you go. That's right. A little bit of ego is a better than a big foul. All right. Okay. Let's have a have a great day. Thanks a lot. Thanks for the spy report. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, boy. Second half of the beastly. I work for him. And even I don't do that. Man, that would be, how could I have any self respect second half to a bunch of banger pick and Yahoo's? Well, maybe they're paying them more. That's a B. WQAM, hello, line nine. Hello, Neil. Yes. You need to put from, I think it's called checkers or rallies that you do the same company. But their banana shake is incredible. That sounds good. Did you ever had a democracy shake at Arby's? Oh, that is. If you're the reason I would go to Arby's. That is absolutely right. But here is the hearing with excellent taste. Now is it rallies or is it checkers? Because I don't participate in the company. It's checkers down and Florida and rallies up and north. Mods, sick with checkers. It's like parties and calls junior or the same. I know. Yeah. Rallying parties and calls junior or the same. Yes, it's called junior in the west and it's hard. Are you sure? I'm absolutely positive. But Neil. Yes, sir. What did I ever do to you? So banana shake at checkers. Okay, wow. I've got to stuff. This is not a good show. No. Maybe I was inspired by that chocolate banana. I was mabel pure Canadian maple syrup. It was slathered all over. Man, it was so good. Hmm. I'd say like maybe once every six weeks I can tweet myself as I'm like that. If I continue on a not so straight and very narrow thing. Yeah. 126 at 560WQ and if you have a business if you're in charge of ordering in chess. Thermal carbon paper supplies and of course all of these things. Pick up that phone right now called toll free. 1-800-287-9212. That's the number four a laser recharge the total recharge cartridge specialist. They provide service support and maintenance for most based models of machines to make them run just like brand new again. When you call 800-287-9212, you'll save money and all you're printing an office equipment supplies. For those of you who haven't called yet, what are you waiting for? When you call 1-800-287-9212, you'll be dealing with just Bob with the supply businesses in South Florida with what they need. In most cases, you've got it within 24 hours. A laser recharge can save you up to 50% on new cartridges as compared to depot pricing and keep in mind. All the cartridges sold by a laser recharge are re-manufactured, not refilled. Any smuck, any slipper on a sweet court of consulier cheap refill cartridge. But you only get what you pay for. Don't forget, re-manufactured cartridges are the only smart way to go. Write down the number on your sleeve on your wrist on your unit and the column as soon as you can save a lot of money. 1-800-287-9212-A laser recharge is probably the individualized service. Our few a no-questions access satisfaction guarantee. Whether it's toner cartridges, all of these things pick up that phone and call just Bob at a laser recharge toll-free 1-800-287-9212 The website is a laser recharge.com. Column right now, 1-800-287-9212. Sure soon, the manual Roger's excurses. Let's take a game. Accept you over there behind the Fox News camera. Screw you! She's why we toy with you now. Looks like the blinker roadside. Now's from the tiny roll ball. Bob wrote a bush at 40 pounds and I pulled another ice at nine pounds. You're perfect when she's alive. She raised for women a cloud. Bob wrote bush at 40 pounds and I. She raised for five to five days to the trout ship. And she's so happy to have a wildest day like nobody. What's like he's carrying an open-world between a star in the town. She's a wilder man. She's having a major call. I will see you all later behind me. The big window has been far. Bob wrote bush at 40 pounds and I. She's a wilder man. And just push past the nightmare. She'll be violent flash you will be reaching back. And bounce your eyes down and draw. Sometimes I'll dare to laugh. Grant a bush behind that little item of eyes at that impact. Gotta tell me now I know. You know there's nobody I said Big Mac or the Woffer, those very famous signature breel, I'll made those joints the crap that they are today. Isn't that amazing? Not really. Speaking of that special sauce, 345 volts, what's the best food item sold at fast food joints? The milk shake at stake in shake, 62 I prefer the chocolate myself, nice and thick and creamy and rich and just all man. Fries in McDonald's 60 right on the answer to your shake. Chicken sandwich at Wendy's, it's quite a drop down there to 35. The extra spicy, I guess, the good one. Yeah, I'll take your word, Gilbert. I'm just not a chicken. It's very boring, it's just not there, not those. No? It's great. It's great. Probably not good for your roi, it's either, it's really expensive. Probably got paprika on it. Oh, there's a paprika? I don't know. How big you are. It's a paprika, just remember pepper and paprika are the only two things that cool your body and come out exactly the same way. They don't dissolve, they don't change, they come out the same way. And of course, there's only one thing that can come out. Rectom. That's all that a penny wants. Cheeseburger and Wendy's, did it taste like a penny? On the way down here, Wendy's 32. Look at S.B. Berrira Supreme or Taco Bell is God. God, turn in the end. All right, a lot of people with excellent taste up there. Substrum Quizno's 27, Charburger or Char at 19, the many burgers at Crystal 13, giving a sack to go, baby, just load it up. The Dimoka Shake at Arby's 13, the Big and Egg and Cheese biscuit and McDonald's. 11, the Frisord's, Sugar's 11, Chilli and Wendy's 8. I don't, I have all right in the middle of lunch here. I don't want to say what the Chilli looks like. Looks like the Chilli. Yeah, Popeyes, this gets seven. The Croissant was in Burger King. Now, I noticed we got in a pasta team and we can change it away with Spongebob. Apparently Eric looked it up and got the right proper Stelling right up. Nice going Eric. Eric sounds half of that. He's probably eaten a few right now. We got a whole sack full. Of course, we can just Burger King four. Those are good. I must confess. In fact, we just served those all day long and said those crappy rubberized burgers they got. It'd be a bit of nasty nasty substitute. Make believe onion rings. Those crisps of deep fried crap with no onion in. Four for the Eucharist sandwich. The Slot KFC is got four. It must, you want to go run next door. Very certain are going next to a Gittison. I don't think we probably have to check and see what was kosher first. It's not. The grill subbed blimpy four. The Italian sausage in Charras, only got three. You know, always here Joe Rose who used to be in our station. We loved Joe. We started on 7.9 a.m. on September 1, 9 or 11 a.m. But as much as he loves those, it didn't ever bring those when used to bring the Tarras food and neighbor bring in the Italian sausages. No, no, just burgers. Well, see that's because you got too many glam working there when he was on. Man, get that. The Italian sausage with cheese on it. Oh, man, it's there. That's by far the best good stuff. The BK broiler at Burger King is out of pair. And the banana shake at checkers don't have any. I'm sure it will. Hello. Well, we'll see. Come at a Q amp. Come at a Q amp. Hello. Yes, sir. You're right to show. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. It's speaking. Is it me? Yes, it is. Really? No, I'm just making it up. I'm just making it up. I'm just making it up. It doesn't sound like you. No, okay. What can I do for you, sir? I'm just in regards to the lecture. I'm doing an adequate, today's paper about a father and waterale. It's a sun guy kill that he's got. I just got through a reading that story half an hour ago. Get with it, pal. Okay. Get with it. 560560 and it wasn't Hollywood by the way, too. But people get things a little bit confused. And the same meal anyway. And then pasta. Do you want to kill him? Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Another BK is foul killer. That's what it is. Is it like this? foul killer. Or if thanks, all of who did Burger King is a ball killer. It's a kishki killer. It's the, if back it's not the BK, it's the KK. It's the old kishki killer. If you, I twist and kiss he's man. You had for Burger King immediately. It'll twist your interior guts out. How can he still be in business? That's what I'd like to know. I told you that thing about the colon, uh, uh, train and colon Germany, the train station where they have so many. Great, really good restaurants. I don't want to say great. That poor may be. You know, a lot of good stuff. All I great brought worse than German sausage isn't stuff. And there used to be one of the places it was a market where they, where they had the counter where they would have their own brought worse than stuff. It was the best. In the last time in colon, I'm looking, I'm looking for it. I'm thinking, like, where the hell is this? And guess what they were placed, then I said, did this to our ready? I don't remember. I'm going to say this. Find wonderful authentic German market with a brother King. Oh my God. The American continues exporting poison to the world, killing between McDeath and Burger King. And of course, the anxious pizza hut. What's that? Pizza, how to express? Yeah. Is that the word? I said, I mean, my stomach gets distressed when I either pizza how to express. I'll say that right now. You know, the one where they have the little real quick. Maybe they have them around. They have them anywhere. There's a gas station. Oh, yeah. That's a perfect place for them in the gas station. We got that Godfather. Of course, that's not fast food. But they still invent this at the past. You ought to be doing pretty good because Rudolph has to make it a comeback. Now that Bush is in. WQAM, hello. Have a big and kneel please. Speaking, a lady, here's our first lady of the day. Oh. You got to put Wendy's chicken nuggets on there. Well, I don't even know when he's so chicken nuggets. Yeah, they're only a block. How can you be Wendy's chicken nuggets for a block? With a fist, probably. Okay, thanks. Thank you. Have a great day. All right. All right. Oh, there's a lady where she's going to lay the course. You noticed that for menace increase in our lady list. Since we got stern on the air. We got a foul. Oh, we'll start. We'll Rogers, we're morning, and we do. Hey, go, go, go, go. I'm around my spot. We'll find the system. We're going to see if we can. I'm running, you. Yeah. Hey. Hey. Oh, no. We'll see if we can. We'll see if we can. You. Good morning. A lot of me to introduce my new business of mine shirt. It's hard in the unit of Marcia Day. Yeah. Oh, no. I don't care what you've done. Murder. Inbezzlement. If you're a cop, the maid of woman won't come making. If you got the loot, I'll give the charges the boots. No, no, no, no, no, no. Even though I'm no longer the president of the United States, and I'm possessed no real power. I have found a way to Jerry Rage the system. I stole the timing from the Zales Toolery store. How much you got? About a thousand bucks? Pardon you. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Hey, I'm Bezzle's six million dollars for my brokerage firm. Jackpot. How much you got? $10,000? Pardon you. No. Hey, I love. Doc, my husband's Willie. No, can do mama, say to. Try to cobe in my. Our university is not affiliated with any institution of Ireland. And maybe only the most. If you've got the bread, but charges are dead. Yeah. Oh, no. What a major part of you. You got a big one. You got a big one. You got a big one. Oh, no. I figured that president Mary Amma put my Scotio today. Pardon for Cuban. For what? No, this is unbelievable. This is an essential issue. Teach me. Don't ever read something called from a son's son. I'll read it just the way it says. Pardon for Cuban. Demigri des. Hey. Who had been accused of trying with sassanate Cuban president for Del Castro. What does that mean? I never heard that word. Is that a group? DEMIGR. VES towards. The Allen's government earlier is that such a move would automatically sever relations between the two countries between Panama and Fidel. Moscow, so who hands over the presidency on Wednesday next Wednesday to Martin Toriho's. Pardon Luis Possada. Oh, not Possada. Not Jorge Possada. If there's one person needs to be sent to Siberia, it's Tim Macarbor. Jorge Possada. Every time he says that I want to scream and I don't even watch baseball. Jorge Possada. All these dumb, illiterate ex-judge man. They make me want to barf. Anyway, he pardon Luis Possada. Pariyes. Gaspar Himinus. Year-mode novel. And Pedro Arremono. And why do I use to pitch for the Washington senators years ago? A Pedro Arremono. According to an announcement sent to New York and Isaiah's agency, it wasn't immediately clear when they might be freed. Moscow, so I'd earlier denied two-wing government claims that she had taken the decision to pardon the poor ex-iles. Expressing angriots of tariff Cuban complaints, she would do her countries ambassador from Cuba this week, order the Cuban ambassador in Panama City to leave. Adios, serviterate, don't let the door hit you in your Cuban ass on a way out. Cuba in a face will said that Possada, a former CIA operative led the time to kill cash through the summer meeting in November 2000. It is repeatedly described as a terrorist, no Schmidt. He wants to escape from a Venezuelan prison when he was awaiting a withdrawal in charges of helping blow face to victim Cuban airliner. Cuba earlier protested to disseminate your prison sentences imposed on the men, saying they were not tough enough. But panicking, and courts ruled there wasn't enough evidence to accuse a men of attempted murder on, or on other serious charges such as possession of her sports. While it's a long convoluted story, but I figured with our heavy spik factor in South Florida, somebody a few people might care about it. Not turned man. Expressing since Kidel was involved. Probably Miguel came running in. Oh, do you hear that? You think? Hmm? But you didn't. Let's get to Marty's fantastic fast food items on here. So we can all go pick out the second one. Sounds like a winner to me. No, now how about that place in Florida? Every time I ask about this, everybody pretend they faint ignorance, or maybe they just start ignorant. That place where they have those Chicago dogs, and sometimes full of art east, and Fort Loderdale. Okay, I'm the painting ignorance. No, we talked about this a minute time. So when I got so never been there. It's the hot dog or something like that. It's called the hot big thing. Hot dig at eat dog at eat dog or eat. Man, they got really good dogs. Hot dogs is not a big thing in South Florida. You know, unlike certain places like in New York. And like Philly Chease takes sandwiches. I guess only big and chewy. I mean, yeah, there are places that sell that stuff, which is, I don't know. 5, 6, 7, 5, 6, 5, 6, 5, 6, 5, 6, 5, 6, 6, 6, on the AT&T and Verizon. So, we can make a long story short. There's a lot of good food in South Florida, but boy, there's a lot of bad food to it. A lot of cram. How many QA and hello? Hey Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? I'm doing fantastic. Hey, this is a guy a couple years ago that brought you in George, Staking Shaken to the studio. Oh, yeah, right. I'll never read that. But I don't know the biggest. I'll, well, they have this place called in and Alberta. In and Alberta, I know there's one right there right by the strip right. Behind the man in the way they, it's right. I'm unbelievable. It's they have everything's made fresh right there and they have the best hamburger. The one that you put out on your list or not. No, no, no, no, I'll only put in South Florida plays on there. But I've heard that many, many times. But it looks like that's a cheesy place if I can say that. It is. It's a little rink eating place you walk in. It takes you about like 10 minutes. It's fast food. But it takes off 10 minutes because they cook everything fresh right there. They cut their own flies. If you ever get a chance, check it out. It's really good. If I ever went to Vegas again, which I won't, but I would. I'll put it on my list. All right. Thanks, Sally. Yeah, I'm not going to Vegas anymore. Why do I need to go there to lose my S when I can do it right here. It would buy in a slot. And I'm going to tell you something right now. When I think it's on a ballot this fall and I hope I'm good friend Dick Finder is listening right now. We probably isn't. He's probably hanging out with Sandy Fisher. The fact that a matter is that if they, they don't pass that thing. It is so fantastic that facility it would buy on a one side. You go in there's the casino beautiful because he was 17. I would slot machines pretty soon. They're going to have the full casino with the tables and all the whole deal. And then you go up the escalator and there's the racetrack. A beautiful plant it would buy. I probably should tell that story about losing my answer to the slots yesterday and going upstairs to get a cheeseburger just before I. I probably should tell that story. Nobody will believe it. I don't know we have time. What do you mean by that? Oh, you know, these short shows anymore. Not a long story. I just went up there. There's no intention of betting. Wednesday. There's no harness racing. They have the third bridge at night at Wednesday and would buy. And I sat there eat my cheeseburger. And I'm looking at the monitor. And for whatever reason lately the number six I see. When I watched the racing that work number six is the one of the third. But races now is peddley root for number six when I watch because I read it. I'm not veting on those races. And I sat there when I looked at the board. And here's the favorite. And here's the favorite. And here's the three to one. Well, let me just tell you right now for you. I'm gambling people when the favorite races are Luke warm three to one. That means there's no heavy favorite and it's wide open. Anybody that usually a bomb a long shot wins that race. So to make a long story short, the six horses tend to when he goes down to eight to one with about two minutes to go. And then he goes back up to ten to one. I thought, well, I lucky number six. I'm going to go and plunge my guts out on this horse. I made a pretty good size bet. The horse wins by three lengths. And I made about a lot. How do you like that? Believe it. Yeah. About 1500 bucks. I didn't read the item by the racing form. The program I had the idea who the jockey was. He was the horse and who the hell cares after I catch my ticket. That's all I care about. That was an amazing, it's just an amazing thing. Don't try it again though. Double QAM. Hi, checkers. Yeah. Yeah. Haha. Haha. WQAM. Hello. Nice talking to you too. WQAM. Bobo, jadgos. Who jadgos? What? What a moron man. I wanted to get back on that. Get on the rack. Don't let that raf leave yet George. Take some space for him. WQAM. Hello. Hey. You're begging. You're okay. Great thanks. WQAM. Hello. I'll put that on the list. Yeah. I'll put the magazine. What is it? How tall have an unstar rise right? That's it. I have an excellent stop on 3.6 flies. He's a half out of my doll. He's on the day. Okay. I'll put it on there for our belly. We'll put it right on there. Good new phone. Fries at stake in shake. Now I think we also probably put it on to put the Chicago dog at the hot. What do you say it was? Heavenly hot dog. Heavenly hot dog. Is that it? That's it. Heavenly hot dog. I think so. That's not what he said. That couldn't understand what he was saying. Hot dog. Hot dog. I thought he had an answer. Right across from the middle. He can mercury dealership there on sunrise. You know where that is. Sure. Right. Next to the piece. WQM. Hey, you know. Yes sir. No. Oh, shame this request. No. Please. The bridge tender. Yeah. WM. Hello. Must be time for, must be time for the circle jerk because all the or Julio's in house sitting around. It's how many we had in the last 15 minutes now. I turned him in. I was sitting around passing the phone around. There are past that around in the instrument too. Have a good time boys. WQM. Hello. Yeah. What about most of the beach 11 minutes to best winters? Yeah. Do you want to say? What are you saying? I'm going to break before lunch ends. WQM. Hello. Yes sir. You know, I'm all the people in four long or two. I can't forget about Reno's. Reno's isn't very anymore. It's been gone for ages. That's why I'm sunrise. But still I have the one down on OWS1. Me do. Yes sir. But what's we're not talking about places we're talking about items on the menu. What would you put on there? The Chicago. Italian. Beach sandwich or the Italian sausage. Tanya sausage sounds right up my alley. Okay. Thanks, pal. I didn't buy that's right. Somebody called and told us that because I remember thinking the name. There was a changing neighborhood there. Andrew's Avenue and open park Boulevard. I believe is where Reno's used to be. And it's a changing hood. And they flew to hell out of there. Tanya sausage at Reno's got it. It's called just like Tanya. We're like we got it. We got it. I'll give people what these fries man. What is the story with that? Well, you got a great idea. One of these pastes along. I realize like the Chicago dog. It's got the real green, relish and scuttonians and all the accoutrements. I mean the hot dog is a hot dog. I'll load a good ones and bad ones. But it's the accoutrements that make it great. But generally speaking, any food item that you have to smear with a whole bunch of stuff. It's not that good. It's like when you go to Ruth's Christmas and you have a steak. If you order the steak sauce and Ruth's first, they probably, or any great steak restaurant, they order a raise they are brought. And although a Peter look is in the heart. They probably don't raise the right bro because they got their own Peter's Look or steak house, which is unbelievably great. But if Ruth's Chris, you don't need steak sauce or Worcestershire any of that crap, right? Right. You don't need it because the meat is so tender and juicy and fantastic and detailed. But when you have to slather stuff on it, we're like French fries. Do you know anybody that each fries just plain? McDonald's fries, sure. All the time. You eat McDonald's fries on your back, pray. Would you like me and a nothing? No mayonnaise, no Peter, liver, steak sauce, nothing. I'll be damned. WQA and hello. Yeah, hi, Richie. So fun. Here's Richie on a self-film. Hello. Who's this? Neil. Out of those white castles up in their field. White castles in their field. Yep. Get out of here. There's no white castles anymore. No, the little red caboze. All the little red caboze. Oh, again, out of here. Even John, a little old. You want to put it on there? The burgers at little red caboze? No. No. That's it. I didn't think so. Beat me to it. Yeah. Although, since that bring back memories, bad ones of Peter Lenny. I don't care what money says about the meat. Guys are sharp and super-intuitive. I'm just gonna be a rotten, ex-bull�sie brain. What a fun, sexy, cute man. But heads into one of two hours. That high-five, healthy, healthy, by the way. I'm your boy, God, safety, and family. I'm the best, and spirit. I'm the best, and I'm the best. No one around here is gonna miss you. You brought it out of my chest. You're too old. I don't feel you, you're totally old. I'm the best, and I'm the best. I'm the best, and I'm the best. I'm the best. I'm the best, and I'm the best. I'm the best. I'm the best. I think the audience should know that the complaints have been pouring in from all over town about Guilty, not being on the already more as anybody believe that. No. How many complaints have we had so far? About who? Two minutes after one and five, 60WQM, the man doggy. Oh, right. I'm gonna log it through the Safnoonsia Manage. I don't know what it takes to do. They need to have these people come on here and say, okay, this is all a bunch of political cramped that we made up. It's all contrived. It was all geared to Schmire and the smear. Schmire is a queer. I want to present a Bush's top lawyers resign from his campaign yesterday, and after disclosing they did give illegal advice to a veterans group, airing TV ads, challenging John Kerry's Vietnam war service. Biden's included checking ads scripts the group said. One of Bush's top lawyers checking ads scripts, but of course they had nothing to do with it. Of course. Benjamin Ginsburg self-hating the evil Jew, who also represented Bush's 2000 Florida recount that made the Republican president told Bush and letter that he felt his legal work for the Swiftbow Veterans for truth and become a distraction for the real-election campaign. Right. I've decided to resign as national counsel to your campaign to ensure that the giving illegal advice to decorated military veterans, which was entirely within the boundaries of the law, doesn't distract from the real issues upon which you and the country should be focusing against bird rope, and which both candidates ought to be talking about right now as opposed to who can't ask much about macho and who is the greater military hero, the AWOL president, or the volunteering John Kerry, with all those medals. The Kerry campaign portrayed Ginsburg's departure as another sign of ties between the Bush campaign and the Veterans group, which has been airing as accused in Korea of exaggerating as record and via the non. The sudden resignation of Bush's top lawyer doesn't end the extensive web of connections between George Bush and the group prior to smear John Kerry's military record, so Kerry Edwards campaign manager Mary Beth Taeil. In fact, it only confirms the extent of those connections. A senior house Democrat, Michigan representative John Dingle, said a letter asking attorney general on AskCraft to investigate the possible illegal coordination between the two. The Bush campaign and Veterans group have denied any coordination, in other words, they rely like crazy, they rely through their teeth, they're full of it. smear and smear that's all they know that's there only chance. Just like the only chance they had to be John McCain, it worked like a charm because the American people are done with an aboster rocks. Now, I'm going to get all the stuff in here this are okay, because anything else? Anything else that man? Don't keep me started. I see you're the troublemaker. I don't like my own business. I'm glad we got stern on the air. It's a great lead in and we work a lot less most days. I'm not too happy. In fact, quite to the contrary of what mode. Certainly, no more runs have been suggesting. Not only am I not unhappy about the fact that he runs until whenever he gets done. I'm only unhappy when it runs short. And when it shows in to 10 o'clock or before, like it's going to be doing tomorrow, and all the next week because he's on vacation. Those days, I'm not happy camper. Because when someone, yeah, it's just not right. When somebody says, you okay, you can work like three hours, three hours, and quarter hours, whatever, and we'll get you pay the same. Then all of a sudden, I say, well, the next several days, you're going to be back to four hours, ah, ah, not good. Not, doesn't make for a good state of mind, you know, because four hours is too long anyway. The chief critic of John Kerry's military record told President Nixon in 1971 that he had been in Cambodia in a swift boat during the Vietnam War, a claim that odds with his recent statements that he was not. I was in Cambodia, sir. I worked along the border to John E. O'Neill in the conversation that was taped by the former President Secret Recording System, the tape is stored at the National Archives in College Park, Maryland. In an interview with the Associated Press on Wednesday, O'Neill did not dispute what he said in the United States. But the system he was never actually in Cambodia. I think I made it very clear that I was on the border, which is exactly where I was for three months. I was about 100 yards from Cambodia, O'Neill said, and clarifying the June 1671 conversation with Nixon. Chad Clinton, the spokesman for the Democratic presidential candidate said to take the Justice and the law online of lies and false statements from a group trying to smear John Kerry's military service. Again, there are being proven liars with their own words. It's time for President Bush to stand up and specifically condemn this smear. Hold your breath right now to take a deep breath. Yeah, and I'll let you know when you can let it out. Brother. Speaking of liars, David Cornwright's Bush overstated his military record. Oh no. All of a sudden, we want to play a wall of Bush on the next break. A group of veterans motivated by 30 years. I'm a resentment accused John Kerry of exaggerating his Vietnam War Time service rights David Cornwright and the attack makes the front pages and cable gap paced. But when a news report showed that George W. Bush had overstated his military experience, Bush escaped without a scratch. That's your media for your man. The media sucks. The American media blows. David Cornwright's I'm not referring to the Bush's missing time in the international guard. That episode did receive much attention, although only in the past year. The issue was first raised during the 2000 campaign. Back then Bush was disingenuous about his guard service. In his campaign autobiography he wrote that he had completed his pilot training in 1970, while assigned to an air base in Houston, a continued fly with my unit for the next several years. But how do you fly without your unit? You cut it off? Oh, in his case. But as the Boston Globrew v. He stopped flying to a final 18 months of service in 1972 and 1973. Bush had been grounded after failing to take a flight exam at a one-term mission to train with a unit in Alabama where he did no flying. There are no records proving he showed up for duty at all Alabama, but Bush insisted he did. Putting aside the controversy over Bush's international guard service or dereliction of duty, there was another instance when Bush clearly did not speak truthfully about his military record. In 1908, Bush while running for Congress in West Texas produced campaign literature that claimed he had served in the US Air Force. According to a 1999 AP report, Bush's congressional campaign ran a pullout ad, and the Lubric, Evelyn's journal at the Clarity in Surve in the US Air Force, and the Texas Air National Guard, where he probably didn't be a full-notchew aircraft. Bush lost that congressional race, but 21 years later, the AP questioned him about the ad. The news outlet had been good reason to do so, Bush had never served in the Air Force. He had only been in the Air National Guard. But when AP asked Bush if he had been just about in claiming service in the Air Force, Bush then the governor of Texas and the president of Canada they said, I think so yes, I was near for us for over 600 days. Karen Hughes is a spokeswoman who made Taylor when Bush attended flight school for the International Guard from 16869. It was considered to be an act of duty for the Air Force, and that several times afterward he had been placed on alert, which also qualified as act of duty for the Air Force. All tools he said Bush had lost 670 days of training in lords, as an officer in the Air Force and the Air National Guard she told the AP, it was serving an act of duty in the Air Force. But this explanation was wrong, says who the Air Force is the AP reports? The Air Force is that air national guard members are considered guards from an act of duty while receiving pilot training. They are not however counted as members of the overall act of duty Air Force. Anyone in the Air National Guard is always considered a guardsman and not a member of the act of duty Air Force, according to the Air Force spokeswoman in the Pentagon. An National Guard member may be called a active duty for pilot training another temporary assignment, and receive active duty pay at the time, but he remained guard members. The AP reports said it may be a question of semantics, but today I check with two spokespersons to the Air Force, and each confirmed that an active duty member of the Air National Guard is not considered a member of the Air Force. If a member of the Air National Guard is in pilot training, says Captain Chrispin, Les Farons to the Air Force Media Relations Office, they would remain on the guard books. They would be counted as guard, not an active duty Air Force member. So where was all the hovering about Bush's exaggeration of his military service? True Bush was hyping his military record way back in 1978, but he repeated in the Fender the misrepresentation in 99 while campaigning for the White House, and no doubt Terry's critics with inciter any remark carry made 26 years ago for a game. Admiral Roy Hoffman found out of these swift boat veterans for truth recently said that his group is now politically motivated. It would make no difference if John Kerry were a Republican Democrat or an independent swift boat veterans would still be speaking the truth concerning John Kerry's military service record. But are any of Kerry's accuses willing to criticize Bush for falsely representing his service? Kerry, who volunteered to go to Vietnam in one five minutes, has made his Vietnam service a central element of his campaign for the presidency. So there's nothing in proper about examining his account of his Vietnam days, as long as such scrutiny has done an honest, accurate fashion. But Bush overstated his own military record, which involved no combat, no daring due, no wounds, no enemy fire, for political purposes, as many as caught doing so he stepped to a phony story. He had no firestorm ensued, but Republican leaders of funders now underwriter group called Air Force Veterans for truth that will demand that Bush withdrawing his payment membership near force, don't expect such a shot soon, rights. David Corn in the nation. How do you like that? Well, I think that I've been defosterring on Q and speaking of Corn. I think that's not Corn's real special element. What's the best food item sold at fast food joints? That's our full question today. 432 votes. And they don't want to know why we don't have more than that, because we could probably have a lot more items on here, but you know what? Too bad. I got too many fish to fry. Milkshakes, steak and shake, 77. Fry's in McDonald's, 71. And then interesting the way that's been all day long. Yeah, that's surprising though. Your fries and McDonald's have never been able to overtake my shakes at chicken quake. It's just weight. For we're either supreme from Taco Bellas moved out up to 40. We're moving it out up. Chicken sandwich at Wendy's 38. Fold the paprika please. Cheeseburger at Wendy's 35. Preferably the triple cheese with lots of bacon and onions and lots of really hot gut-wrenching stuff, so you can join Dave Thomas. That was an amazing, I saw that on biography channel one night. A few weeks ago. Dave Thomas? Yeah. An amazing story. An even more amazing story was the Ray Crocs story about the McDonald's thing and about that guy he bought out out in California. Anyway, we don't have time for that, but it's pretty interesting. Cheeseburger at Wendy's 35. Some from Quizno's, which is F.L. and 34. Charburger at Charhoe 23. The mini burgers at Crystal 18, Choliot when he's 17, Jemolker Shake at R.B. 17. Hmm. Fry's in checker's 13. The bacon egg and the cheese biscuit at McDonald's 12. Biscuits at Pope Isaiah. All you'd go and love them biscuits, man. They're like a lard. Croc sandwich at Burger King's 6. That should be much higher. The sloth KFC's got 5. Banana shake at checker's 4. It's had in sausage at Charhoe 4. Grill 7. Blumpy 4. Became brother at Burger King's 3. The hot dog at Hot Dog Heaven 2. Should we should have put the um... Whatever. The Chicago dog. The chicken nuggets at Wendy's one at Hagia sausage. You're re-nose in the fries at steak and chicken got the big... Oh! So far. You're the same as Neil Rogers. And then you're the fries at McDonald's. You're the same as you. A-M. Are you drugs back in? From a plain documentary filmmaker George W. Bush comes up film about the real Michael Moore and the real reason behind his invasion of the Indian source. Michael Moore is a weapon of mass destruction when it comes to dang dogs and funny bones. Aaron Heith 711. Exposing the man who is becoming the most hidden figure in the Arab world. By the force these cupcakes his flavors form. You're just a fan. Stand the mic on the board again and be powered everything over there. From Washington to the Middle East and every place in between that sells slim gyms and fun night bars. You'll find a fat man with a bad beard and baseball cap held bent on and sold it all. Here wants to be in this hall. Michael Moore is not real. Aaron Heith 711. Excuse me, Congressman. Yep. Where we're courting the children of politicians to work and things and stores for Michael Moore. Go outside with a handkerchief for 20 years. Sir, please come back in a moment. Second. Aaron Heith 711. Now showing 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. Remember I said I was going to play this? Urbal. I forgot. But that is remember. I was just a drag. Back to it, boys. Live a place of good lands so that you can. I'll go with me and now you said you. So that if you need just find my you, please. That's it. And your mind, boys. Your positions at stake is John Gary. Is up to you, your faith. It's all questions. A self-dimensional guard that I leave. Your rep. Your actions are. A self-dimensional guard. Your actions are. A self-dimensional guard. Your actions are. Your actions are. Your actions are. Your actions are. Your actions are. Your actions are. Your actions are. Your actions are. Your actions are. Your actions are. Your actions are. Your actions are. Your actions are. Your actions are. Your actions are. Your actions are. Your actions are. You don't come clean. With a story that's we'll do my turn back to Earth. Oh,เร. Yeah, you gotta head into college room. But he'll have to turn it around. He'll get online and everyone be captured as well. And they take him a bus to visit for a Messio. Where he gets? Which means he's going home, and he's! The next day he's going home? Yeah, he's just amazing. He'll buy anything he said plus, but what? But no, he's just amazing! Oh, and then bad news. Not really. I didn't like it. First post is a, I don't like the music. Oh, none of us like Dave Matt, but I didn't. Well, that makes us out of touch with the young hip group balls. No. Oh, yeah. Now he's post a love that Dave Manthus fans. No. But we won't. Can't I tell that Dave Manthus band, they suck to be honest with you. Yeah, they turned. And in fact, you can't complain about their music because they never made any. But anyway, right? Right. Maybe we do blow. Authorities were considering criminal charges yesterday against the Dave Manthus band. And one of its tour bus drivers for allegedly dumping human waste from bus to the Chicago River, downsting a tour boat filled with passengers. Oh, no. They must know that guy in Montana. Holy crap. Oh, there he goes again. See. The announcement came a day after the state sued the band and driver's step-on-wall accusing them of Ivan and he stayed water pollution in public nuisance laws. The lawsuit seeks $70,000 in civil penalties. The Chicago police said surveillance footage from nearby buildings shows a bus crossing the Greated Bridge August 8th as the tour boat passed underneath. Certainly, this is the bus that discharged this fluid. Commander Michael Chasin said, you said the driver told police he crossed the bridge around the time of the incident, but didn't admit dumping the waste. What a waste. More than 100 people on the architecture tour were shoured with foul smelling waste. The attorney general's office said no one was seriously injured. I can't stand anybody with a foul smelling waste. The band was waiting to see the video surveillance footage and other evidence before making a judgment. Dave Matty's fan spokesman John Flowtons said yesterday, police were working with the attorney general's or a fist in terminated charges ought to be filed. Howard learned of the executive director of the Chicago-based Environmental Law and Policy Center said criminal charges could include violations of public nuisance laws and ordinances to protect public and health safety. Great. We're dumping weight. Now, doesn't say whether it was intentional or whether it was just a dump in somewhere or like it were like playing a funny or a dead man. I assume they were just dumping it somewhere. How do you know that? Look, I'm just guessing. Bad luck. Bad timing. Things to wait for the time. We need good luck to over the town today, God. Of course, to show, it's not just the old farts you can put anything over on in this country. Look for the QM band and we're going to try to pull it over our youth folks. Look for the QM band. How did Miguel will be there? Better late to never, Miguel. We find to get this promo in here almost at the end of the show. From 5 to 7 at the public, it's 14375 Miramar Parkway. Stop by the spin the wheel for prizes and register the word of parodalph and titan tickets to present it. Be displaced. Speaking of spinning the wheel, I'm so glad that we got this promo because it reminded me. Thread of mine was telling me that they remember we discussed in the slots at the Hard Rock casino in Hollywood there? Yeah, the dice to. Is that Hollywood or Danya? That's Hollywood, I guess. Not really sure. Well, it was. But yeah, it's Hollywood, the res. Anyway, uh, come to find out that the, they're not exactly what has been represented to us now. If you don't want to be a winner, no. No. Okay. Now I've been represented that these are the, they're not like with the spinning wheels, you know, like who did that song? They're there there there. They've been played in Thomas and there was a group of friends on here. Very good. Let's win two. Uh, they don't have the spinning wheels, wheels, what they have is like a, like a TV screen. Yes. And it's got like, uh, kind of animated, uh, not not, not even like those animated digital video games if they have it because. For like, I don't, I'm not having this scrubbing in on top of all of this. There's like a like vingo balls. If you're balls on top, right? I, drastically. Well, that's, that's what has been explained to me. And then I guess after you, uh, hit your spin on the thing on the TV screen, then let you win or don't win is determined by the spin of your balls. All right. All right. So I don't, I, maybe somebody can explain that to me, but I, I just don't get that. This is not very saying to me. The good thing is they do have the new technology with the stuff that come out as opposed to handling all the freaking coins at the point they may have to keep running to the, uh, a lot of people want your hands like that. Because like money coming at you. Oh, God. Oh, you know, the people I cannot stand up. Of course there's all kinds of superstitions in casino. Oh, it'll be really. There's one. Oh, the, he, he hits the button with his elbow. Yeah, it's horrible. I'm surprised. I'm surprised. I'm surprised. Oh, you said it goes on. Now some of the people believe that the machine knows whether you're feeding it, uh, coins or a potato credits in, you know, that's right. So I wonder what this course is totally ludicrous. The machine isn't sitting there thinking, you know, computer chips. And it's not thinking, but nevertheless, it doesn't go to the machine. So a lot of these people are putting their hundred dollars in and they'll, they'll hit the change out thing. And so all the coins can plop and down it. And when you've been sitting there for about five hours, and you can barely see straight and you're losing your ass or whatever, it's one of the most annoying things that can put up with these people. Plump, plump, plump, plump your right. They did. Because they want to put in the coin, like a steel, like a field that hard, uh, middle in their hand or something. So maybe somebody can explain to us what kind of crap, Tony, uh, slot machines they got up there if they hard-washed. Just like, like, as you know, they want to set that to that slot thing for the, um, parametrials desperately in November. What? Like the people that pull the lever even though you don't have to, in Vegas, you know, he just pressed the button, but they like, oh, the lever. It must be what I'd say is, I don't know why do we have people that pull the lever. Oh, my people that crank it like that. And the whole, what pisses me off about that is that the whole role machines, I always play a real fortune thing. That's my game. We've known him. And the whole role machines are shaking. And I think of yourself, quick doing that because you're screwing around with my, uh, thing, there, you know, you're going to be in a good with the lay of the land. And the whole, it's just so freaking annoying. Oh, yeah. And then we got the old Indian guy. He likes to hold and pull it and he thinks, you know, and then he puts his hand over the, the glass, you know, oh, my god. And he's a nice guy, but I always joke with him. I'm not into the hook as poke as okay. He just, uh, I think he's a little hungry. Of course he also has Vixx breath. Oh, what are you going to tell me with that? So the hollocks. Huh? Alcoholics. Is that what that is? Yeah. What does that mean? They suck on cough drops and drink lots of diet soda. It's sublimation. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. This is not cough drops. This is Dixx breath. He's got like, uh, I am alcoholics. Really? I think something. John M always thought like Dixx. And what about, uh, Harry penis? You told me with that small guy. 27 past one at QAM. Your season, you're much more flexible. You're much more flexible than you think. Come on. Hey, you. How bad you. God will be coming to get you. We will take your steady run. The pain is on a level. And she's your body. You make love make it to me. Ah, it's a tough job. We're the other raptors. No, no, no, no. Take my ear out, please. Take your ear out, please. Take your ear out, please. I thought you just knew a thing. Don't come to you. Don't ever keep me in your head. You can't wait for me to. Every night we just have morning and you. I'm sitting on a way here to raptor. We're both at home to hear the raptor. I got so much. You're always doing that. So it's all the boat. You're the man who's been here so far. You're the man who's been here. Twenty six till two. And that damn your death. Whatever that thing wasn't that story about the humans in Panama. Yeah. Eric, you know me. The definitions like absent like exevee. Oh, what? They like the insolence. They've heard it in Panama. What? You didn't know the damn death. This one here doesn't mean that. I don't know what it is. So that's what that's all about. A former personnel assistance in Chicago doctor William Kennedy Smith filed a lawsuit yesterday accusing the nephew of late John Kennedy. Of sexually assaulting your inside his northside home in 1999. Poor William Kennedy Smith. Take a break. The Sioux filed in Cook County Circuit Court yesterday afternoon names Smith as a defendant seeks an excessive 50 grand. The plaintiffs attorney Kevin O'Reilly could not be reached for comment. In December of 1991, Smith was acquitted to rape and better return his father when he set up ice crown on West Palm Beach. Which we all know well. All too well. Right. Wasn't free Bailey the attorney. I think he was around there somewhere. We got some of you. He was good bits out of it though. Did we really? Probably some that we can't play anymore. We got any that we can play. Who does? We got. What does that thing called? The Paul and Paul. No, no, no, no, no. Bill and Ted. Some further. I don't think there's anything in there. Oh, yeah. Well, I wouldn't say poong tang. There's nothing wrong with it. I don't even know what that is. Exactly. There's no. The boy. I think you're saying poong tang. Yes. The rock song Beach. And the world. Uncle Ted did throw into boxer shorts. Let's cruise our bark and ride with some bags. Excellent. Our money. Women. And who? Jay. Uncle Ted. What's used on him to the classmates to press his face. And do the wild thing. And the cops out. No way, Bill. Just like that. And the old Paul. Jay liked his women. And he was going to be snipped. And then Ted kind of he and Bill and Ted. That's what adventure are to the next genitalia. Excellent. Come on, too. What did he do? Pretty nice. For a taxi. For a taxi. What? We've been making a restantious. Is going to CNN. Oh, gee. How do we forget that? Yeah. For a sense, this is going to CNN. Anybody cared? And a guy hit this bill dead. That's number one. Number two. We got to find out about those slots to the casino at the hard rock in Hollywood. 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. Maybe somebody who understands what real slot machines are like in Vegas and Atlantic City and it like real casinos as opposed to whatever kind of craft that they're trying to put over in a public there. We'll find out. WCWM. Hello. Hey. What's up Neil? Yes sir. You know the difference between a date with the Kennedy and I'm okay. Great. WQM. Hello. You son of a big. Okay. I want to work at some day. WQM. Hello. Hello. Yes. Hi. This is Ellie Brecker from the Harrel. How they Brecker? Why are you so sad? I mean. Jesus Christ. What do you want? It's you. How are you? I'm okay. What do you call them on the or Colin line for? Because it's the only way to get you. Oh. Not really. Well, I'm calling because I'm writing about Randy. And I'm like, oh, why are you all the japs all the emphasis to the other Zeta? Yes. Well, you know, I haven't seen her in quite a while and now the case made it big in the apples. You know. But she couldn't have done it without you. Yeah. So have you listened to her? No, I have not. Why not? Well first of all, I mean, Toronto is like, I couldn't hear her if I wanted to. And secondly, she's on the ear on the her tape at the same time that I'm on. Well, then. And thirdly, I have heard her which she was on J&O and what she's doing is of no interest to me, but don't quote me on that. Well, no, I'm just as nothing personal. What do I want to hear that for? I don't listen to the radio. Well, I thought you had satellite expanse and probably spend every waking minute of your life. Well, I first of all, I don't have a car here. So if I have satellite expanse and must be sitting on my patio out here because I don't have such a thing. I don't have a car here. It's a real city. You don't need a car. Well, she's doing quite well. And it'll probably warm your heart. The David Rose has nothing but good things about her. We know that actually quite frankly does this the opposite. But I've also had bad things to say. I feel better for her because he's a backstabbing weasel piece of crap is what he is. And you can quote me on that. He is a he and Pete Vorgere are the biggest to a assassin's. And his new bug case. I'm trying to get some information on the holiday with the hard rock casino. You don't go there. You're too cheap to go game. You're right. Okay. What do you want to know? About what? About the hard rock. I want to know about this slots about what what what what those machines are really all about. They're not real slot machines. They're made their airzots like everything else in that town. Well, I have a friend who goes there obsessively and plays this slot. And he said they were hard to figure out. Yeah. But he usually breaks about even. I hear they only have one record that they play in a background constantly. 24 hours a day. Conway, Twitter gets only make believe is what they play. I should say hi to the goddess. I certainly. How do you do you do? Okay. Yeah. No good. That's all we can all do. Yeah. You know, I expect you a no-day after your mom died. I don't know if you ever got it. The adures mentioned to me. Yeah. All right. Take care. Yeah. I don't know what's the name. Okay. Okay. Wow. So, you understand what they're all about now that LA explained to us? No. You are listening to needle Roger. Those are going to go in. I'm five six six five. All right. I can in and hold it. They should have tried a good spot. You should have stayed bored. I've put down this here. Affordable cat board. Yes. So, Carol, there's a hand sticking out of Brown here. Just welcome down did sir. Okay. Grab it. Yes. One. One. That's three. Mr. Chris. Oh. Great. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Hey. Hey. Hey. How? No one's allowed on Ground Zero. Now, feed it. He has ever rewritten down to these grains. Actually, we're having a show convention here, you know. Now watch this. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I have to have any bears this morning. I've got to go. The pine. So, any of where you like, Carol? Do you help me out here? I put my pants on backwards. You can't. 145. Now, how many guesses do I get? Who's on the bat line? Three. Joe Costello. Nope. Jeff Cohen. Jeff Cohen, I. Who is that? Dick Pineberg. Oh, here's my recluse personal, friend. Dick Pineberg. Oh, here's my recluse personal friend. Dick Pineberg. Who is the Francis Hill here at school of racing. Hi, doing Dick. I'm okay. When you come down to visit. This week. Thanks for the warning. Next week. I hear you's a little birdie told me you've been talking about floppishines in the amendment 40 day. Right. I did that. I just, I just, I just, I just, I just, I really don't think I got any response to that doing. Well, that's why I'm calling. I don't know. I'm gonna keep the, I've stoked the fires. No, I, you weren't listening, so I got to tell you. I had, had the risk of boring your audience. I got to tell you an amazing story. I was at the slots of wood by which I've been spending a lot of time there. I lose in my ass, but having a great time last few weeks. And I was there last night not doing really well. And I went upstairs because it's such a beautiful plan because Cino's got 17 hundred machines and it's just spotless. It's great. It is. It's wonderful. And I get on the escalator and I went upstairs just to get a sandwich, not to bed, because once did I just do a bread, and I'm not really that much interested anymore in those. I'm seeing there even my cheeseburger and I'm watching the monitor in five minutes to post time. And here's a horse to make a long story short. Just pick a number. I watched the odds 14 to one shot. I made it very nice bed on a much larger than I usually would. And of course one by three lengths. Thirty-one dollar horse. Hey. Better be. I didn't just mention that in passing, but it's a beautiful facility. And what I was saying before is that anybody who would vote against slots, I mean, it's such a great thing. I mean, you go in there and you can play a little bit of the slots. You go up by the racing. It's just great. And of course it makes for great racing. The person is our fantastic. I don't have to tell you about that. No, it's, yeah. That's the envy of everybody in the world. Everybody in the hardest industry, what they've done in the province of Ontario. Oh, yeah. All the little tracks plus the big ones like Woodbind are just their showplaces. No, so even the little tracks have got the slots and they got the beautiful, like you said, they're all beautiful. Yeah, it seems like a no-brainer. I mean, all the machines are here. They're around us. They're untaxed. They're unregulated. They're unlicensed. We should be getting some money to help our schools help our kids. Amen. Well, I'm going to do what I can. I'm going to go out and rest a lot. Let's go ahead. Well, that's good. Other voting for Kerry that can vote for slots. And don't forget we're racing Friday's in Saturday's now. So don't show up there in the week and be disappointed. No, Simon Casting. Oh, yeah. We're Simon Casting. Simon Casting. The other five, the other five days and nights. And poker on Friday's Saturday. There you go. Nice free spot for Papadot Park from Dick Fibre's. Well, I had to listen to the whole break. So I should get out of the title of the 30 seconds. I'll see you next week. Oh, great. Thanks. Bye. Dick Fibre's a pop at O'Park. Great guy. And they're doing a nice job there. But if we get the slots, man, it'll be fantastic. Did that answer my question? No. No. We'll get an answer. Somebody who am hello. Hi. Is this George? No. What's Neil? Oh, hi Neil. Are you? I wanted to talk to you about first of all the hard rock, Coachell. Great. And also about slot machines, the time you choose, specifically greyhound tracks. Mm-hmm. I went to the hard rock and the slot machines are not like what they have in Vegas. They don't have video poker. They only have these weird games that the odds are really not regulated very well. I don't think. But the place is packed and a beautiful hotel. Until I get real stuff like video poker or roulette. Things like that, it's not that we really are real to see. How do the machines work? I mean, people have tried to describe them. They have a big bowl of balls. They have a top of the machine. And after you make the pull, I don't understand it at all. It's usually they say that, I don't know how you first will. I don't know how it works. But it's supposed to be a game of luck versus skill. And if it's skill, it's not legal. If it's luck, it's legal. So that's why they make it more like thing though. And then a regular slot machine. Don't ask. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. Yeah. Well that's what that's like. I don't know. But I wanted to really calling them that was about the, to go towards putting slot machines as per mutuals. And the biggest problem, or that is, but it's most, against, let's see how am I saying this. The door tracks, which are failing, they want to put slot machines there, to boost attendance. And in fact, we really want the greyhound tracks to go out of business because of the cruel to the animal. Oh yeah. That's a simple issue. But I mean, that's the big issue. That is the big issue. I think you should get you at all. And you're one of those animal huggers and that's fine. I love dogs too. But I understand what you're talking about. But boy, leave it to our crowd, man. Leave it to odds like to pet a people, so same thing, you know. God is at frost my ass. Always some cockamy region, so I'll words, let's sacrifice the heart. And I'm safe. I would have mentioned the horses she'd probably talk about the cruelty the horses to, you know. I'm totally there, everybody. God. All freaking muddy. Like I said, if maybe I might not be coming back so soon. You're listening to God. God, you're not sick. You're listening. I'm on fire. Oh God. I'm on fire. Have be clouds. And 5 6 O W Q A. O W W P So W A M. on the baseに your the four I've been going to somewhere, go to Maddox. Oh my God. Ever, I hate, ever, I am all the sun. So I am the king to do. I'm dying out of here, I'm afraid, because that's great. This is what we, from our Lord, to you. Oh nothing personal or Dick. Anyway, that woman, man, do you want to wait a minute to show it to me, huh? That's the top floor to the effemway, man. Anything, anything, anything, anything to be negative about something. If you want to dog tracks to close down, because you think that there's a school to the greyhound, then work on that as a separate issue. But don't penalize everybody else, okay? Jesus, God, who's out of the hotline? Hey Neil, how you doing? What are you doing on the air, Rich? Well, I think I may be able to help you with that slot machine. Okay, I've got about a minute. Yeah, no, you're not a much time. Basically, I think there's a two-tier system with the, it's a king called the Wheel of Fortune. Yeah. And you play it like a regular slot machine, but if you're able to hit like three spins, you know, it comes up spin, spin, spin, you go into a phase two, which above the game is a big wheel that spins that tells you how much additional money you're going to win. So, which could be up to a thousand times you bet. Yeah, better quarter, you can win a thousand quarters, or if you had better dollar, you can win a set to a thousand dollars. So at that point, if to the first time, you know you're going to win money. It's a psychological thing. Now you're anticipating how much am I going to win? Yeah. And that's how that, we're, that's how that, we're, that's how that's how that's. So, we're going to be a little bit of a, it's not going to be a Wheel of Fortune game, like they haven't made a series of, nothing, nothing, nothing. Well, have you, like, like, like my, a horse story last night? I heard that, that's good. Me, I made a very sizable bet, which I'll tell you when I see in a few days. I'm sure you, I'm sure you did, but I'll tell you. Let's, let's, let's not get too excited because, you know, coming to Pompano, we, we can't anticipate it. I'll be back to my smaller bets, I promise. Okay, I'll see what you're seeing, yeah. Okay, thank you. Okay, there's that rich with his insight. And outside, you, I still don't understand it. 535 votes on the pool. See, I didn't get to the thing about minor league baseball and play a far after cracking Gage Oaks during ball game, not a odd year at the 90s city. And Olympic Chiefs asked Bush to pull election ed, didn't get to those. Well, I had more, I had the other thing else. What you have lots of time. No, we don't take extra time. We just do our thing. You know, 535 votes on the pool. What's the best food item sold at fast food joints? Milk shake at stake in shake 93. I'm so proud. The fragment tunnels 86, Pfizer for a goham. The Rio Supreme of Taco Bell 47, she's regret when these triple plays 44. The chicken salad, you win these 42. And some from Quizlings, a quiz no is 40. Charbaker from Charm 32. Do you know if you shake at R.B.s 25, don't forget this weekend. I hope you'll trust me when I tell you. I can't be with a still. Bye bye.