Come on baby, shake it bite it and twist it one at a time. Why do you best? Life will be sweeter when you pack your heater and carry a life into me deadly. Come on and join today. If the America, my name is Ruby, I'm the world, the NRL. In for the sea, in for the chest, and always in for the head. If there were enough, then you'd be starving your skin. You'd be bored, but I'll be there to defend your rights. Oh, come on and join today, and you'll be proud to stay your offender. And all are A. Hey, it's 11 o'clock already. How do you like that? Isn't this your move in a long fast? Wow. God, almighty, the next three hours goes fast as the first one will be home by another two three minutes. It or what? That it feels like we just started. Yeah, I know. That's how fast it's going. That's how much fun we're having today. I don't know about you. Well, I don't want to put you on a spot because it's not you're not in no position, but I just want to make no one little comment here at the beginning on this Friday. As we start off the juno year, the juno year. This is starting to get a little on my nerves. I never really thought it would, and it's not a question of being on less time. It's just the whole way that this thing works. Nobody's got it. If the audience had any clue, why maybe some of them do. As the house screwed up, this whole thing is man, Greg Reed, you could screw up a wet dream, maybe you are just you are the worst, you are the most impossible, the most unacceptable excuse for a human being for a thinking, breathing, living creature. I have ever encountered, you make mo look like Albert Einstein. You know, I hate it when you midswords. Yeah, I'm not thinking about mo, he's got a good agent. Anyway, good lawyer. Which is probably why he's still on the year. We were talking this morning about how many people this radio station is paying now, who aren't even on a year anymore. Not 30 minutes. Man, between guilty and the Humper and of course, Mo who's getting paid, but you better believe where Carlos are what they do with him, he will give paid. Because his lawyer don't take no for an answer. One thing about Mo, man, he holds their feet to the fire and he sticks his foot up there, and twists it around a little bit. Nice going, Mo. Well, almost. Let's see, the 11 AM advice we've had on proper storm gene, and even though it shouldn't be of any concern to South Florida, the bad news is the chicken wood pile is that once it gets up, oh, I don't know. Kind of like northeast of the Bahamas there, and all of a sudden it decides to make like a northwest of left turn, but luckily it looks like Wednesday morning or two in AM, it's going to make that left turn toward northern northeast in Florida again. Again, again, just don't stop another series of great reasons not to be there in that tropical swamp. Tored like either Jacksonville or maybe a little bit south, or now they're saying, what are the models shows, maybe up toward the Savannah, or maybe in Murdoch Beach or who they don't know, who the hell knows. At least the good news is that small cone, and one of everybody wants to get their licks in, that's honey cone, is not looking too bad for you folks. Here's our first facts of the day, and I wonder if there's anybody else who shares their sentiments, I don't know, I'm just getting a little bit porky, you know? Yeah, not real, not big time porky, but this episode today of them, see, it's one thing, if you really got something to say, and there's a reason to continue going on and on and on and on. Yeah, I'm talking about, see, you're just saying that. But where you're just dragging it out is, if to well, talking about the same stuff and the same people, and thanks to this one and goodbye, and it's, what's the point, like I said, the very first day that we had this mess on the year, it's like an endurance contest, like how long can we drag anything else, rather than anything else, anybody else we can say goodbye to? I mean, let's make it a 24-hour show, then we can just all get paid for doing nothing. How's that sound? Just keep squeezing it. Oh, right, I like that. It's your hell of a lot better and kind of like sitting by and standing by and waiting and waiting and waiting and wondering is there anybody out there who's not a journalist who likes this show, who has any clue when this show is going to start. No, I mean, if we don't, how do they know? Well, they don't, nobody knows. Yeah, nobody knows the trouble we've seen. And that's because Greg Weed has got this place. I mean, so out of control, it's like, it's like a Mac truck going about 140 miles an hour down, I 75, with nobody at the wheel, okay? Just turn that baby loose. And just hope for the best. And that's QAM right now. And I don't see anything. I do read anything that all jicker, of course, don't worry, comes about anything other than puppies and TV shows. So forget about him, he's old news. Even very jackass and Miss Sarney there with the sun sent, I'll need one of them, I'm writing anything about what's going on because like you just said, only moments ago, nobody knows it's, what's going on. Am I right? WQA and hello. QAM. Yeah, I can speak to Neilman. Speaking. I just turned you a show on. I used to turn it on at 10. Yeah, me too. And I don't know what you're thinking. I mean, you're the goose to slaying the golden eggs over there. And they should be taken better care of you. I mean, I can't see. I mean, I never loved how it turned to begin with. I tried listening the first day or two and it's a bow, your phrase is, it's on your, it's ridiculous. And to take away from your show, I mean, I listen to Bob and Tom, till 10, and I just switch over to you. But now I, you know, I just listen to CDs or if I'm out of the car, I don't turn it back on. And they're just hurting you. And that doesn't make any sense to me. So the chances of you ever catching the very beginning of the show are pretty slim unless you're a psychic? Well, yeah. I mean, I don't turn on to a bottle of now. Right. Because it's through it. Let's know the commercials. Right. Okay, pal, great. And it's great weekend. There are first facts. I started reading. I got sidetracked by my angst. And I really am getting like, because as far as our audiences concerned, you know what we're going to do right now? Let's put the other pull off till noon. Let's just do a one hour pull. Okay. Okay. All right. Let's, let me, how do we do this without Eric getting nervous breakdown? Well, he can do it. What do we, what about we can communicate? Okay. Or maybe we'll do it till like 12 about about 30 minutes. We'll be able to do it. Yeah, the other one's going to be on all weekend anyway. Turn around or flip flop. Speaking of all those candidates, a flip flop from what we did on Wednesday. The other the negative side. We say like that anyway. Uh, it says an oath for Greg read. It's from our friend Jean Rogers. No relation to me. It says an oath for Greg read. You're killing your audience with Howard Stern after 10 a.m. Sign Jean Rogers. No relation to. Oh, good. Rogers. Okay. Here's the first pull. Because sorry, Eric. I had no intention to do in this, but I'm just getting a little bit porked off. Because again, jumping like I said, jumping into the pool without checking to see if there's any water in it from about 15 stories up. And that's an end. And of course holding all of us alongside with them. We're all chained to Greg, you know. Oh, I guess what we're two thirds in the way down. We just look down there. I guess what Greg there's no water in the pool. Oh, we're dead. Not a data chain. Yeah, it's a daisy chain. Anyway, driving Mr. daisy. And everybody else crazy is what you're doing. Okay. Here's the pull question. Um, how do we phrase this? Well, I don't know what your atmosphere. So I'm trying to find out. I'm trying to find out how many of these people are happy about the fact, you know, what's going on. Okay, which, which of these applies to you? Okay. How are you writing this down? I'm typing it to it. You're typing it to them all that. That'll kill till noon anyway. Which of these applies to you? Um, I'm ecstatic. That's stirren is on QAM. Okay. Instead, even you can spell that. Josh Camp, you can. That's number one. Number two. I, let's see. I'm furious that Neil doesn't start at 10. Got it. Yes. Got it. Uh, what are some other choices? Come on, you can do it. I don't give a rat ass. I don't give a rat chance. That's always very big. Don't give a rat chance. Braccombe. There's not a be other categories here. Doesn't start at 10. Uh, I don't know. It's all good. I don't know. It's all good. It's all good. Maybe they like both. You see, so they'll tune in in the morning and whenever Stern ends, it's good. Everything is just fine. That's a good one. Everything is just fine. All we're fine. That's the equine Dan Stewart would say. Inquid outing people on the air, Dan. Okay. Put me up those stories about people just because you have the hots form. And by the way, I got first steps on him anyway. Not the in Stewart. Remember that day? How could you forget? I still can't believe he did that. Yeah. Assuming that that person, which I'm not going to repeat who it was, because hopefully nobody remembers that. But assuming that that person that well-known celebrity is really a friend of his or even knows him well, well, yeah, if somebody's your friend, why would you do that? At any rate, which in these applies to you, I'm ecstatic about Stern being on QAM. Um, Furious that Neil doesn't start at 10. I don't give a crap. Arrass ass. Everything is just fine. I'm thinking I'm leaving some possibilities. We can always add something up with, yeah. As we like Neil starting to get a little bit quirky. Anyway, here's the appell result from yesterday, who is your all-time favorite movie character, Don Cullion. The godfather. Nobody can touch the godfather. Because... You're gonna talk a man! Fuck it! If you do, he'll slap you right in the post. Uh, Don Cullion had 155 James Bond and all the incarnations of the character, 119, which is good, because that was a question character. Not actor, not version, not rendition. 30 Harry 104 Inspector Clues So 85, 20 Montana Scarface 81, Carl Spacler from Canny Shack, 72, Ludo from Animal House 68, Darth Vader 65, head of a lecture. 60, Indiana Jones 56, Michael Cullion, 54, he was kind of small potatoes. Jeff Lamowski from the Bigel Winsky 52, For his dump 44, Howard Beale, From Network who I'm sure should've got more votes than that. I was mad as hell, but I'm not gonna take this anymore. How is the 40 including my vote? Randall P. McMurphy from a 1-flow over to Cookwusness 38, Ace Benjura 36, Jeff Stacoli, Phash Times 35, Keaton Chong 31, Josie Whales 31, Mad Matchhead, Bob Thurdyman, Clark Wizzwald from Vacation 29, Alex Dilarge, And he was from Clockwork Orange 28, Sergeant Hartman, Full Metal Jacket 26, jewels from Paul Piction 24, And Do Do Frane or Do Fresny, depending on how well you want to butcher the Friends from Shawshank 24, Clint from JAWS 23, Terminator 19 Mr. Pink from Reservoir draws, Or is that Reservoir $14? P. We Herman from P. Wee's P House 13, Alex Foley, Beverly Hills, COP 12, Dorothy from the Wizard of Oz 12, George Bailey from its a wonderful life. Get the syrup to get 12. Will it butcher, Changs of New York and it doesn't? Oh, there's just too many to read all the rest of these. Others do the double digits. Beat trees could do. Is that the name? Beat Bill Kiddode. Kiddode? I don't know because I didn't see the movies. From Kiddodeville had 11, Mango from Blazing Sattles 11, Jack Torrance from the Shining. Here's Johnny. Had 10. Chance from being there. Ten. Chance? That's Jose Chancy. Whatever. His real name is Chance, but they call them Chancy. Chancy. Okay. Chancy. A Sherlock Holmes 10 and that's all the others in single digits, including of course Raymond Babbot from Rayman. No kind of Billy, but the did it. So that was yesterday's poll. Now the first poll we're doing the later round. We're going to do the turnaround from Wednesday. What is the most, we did on Wednesday? What is the most underrated rock group of all time today? We're doing what is the most overrated rock group of all time? We're starting with four that we put our heads together and also the audience Boston. Steely Dan, Pearl Jan and the Dave Mattius band. Oh, fat. Now on our beaded curtain today, we got what's your name? Victoria Beckham aka a posh spice. Yeah. From the highly overrated spice girls. She was one course of the big her claim to fame now is that she's married to David Beckham. Well, what we do in that exciting? Who? The big soccer player. The big great soccer player to make $80,000,000 a match. Never heard of her. April 17, 1974 she was born which makes her. About third man born in her picture England in the UK. And let's see also credit as spice girls. Victoria Adams, these spice girls are these spice girls with a capital T. This is silly stuff on IMDB. Let's see, Ben had like Beckham. I bet she is 2002 spice world again. And actually she was on a whole bunch of TV stuff. The marginal film mostly TV stuff. Sport relief, maximum 100. Mile on their shoes. Christmas at with the stars. World Idol. And a bunch of other very marginal crap. And also of course the real David Beckham. So there she is. She's on and now you told me that's the only available picture in the world that we know of with her boobies. I mean, she's as naked as a jibbers. So there are from that series. There are other even more blurry. Hard to see pictures. That's the best one. I'm putting on here. Even though it's not really my. There's another choice for the pool. I'm sorry. I guess John's gonna have done. Thank you. The mom's done. I'm George Bush. And I approve this message. America is facing some tough choices. That's why this billbember the best choice is John Kerry. What? Hey. This ain't the best draft proof. Because John Kerry knows how to make the tough choices. Okay. If I did approve it, I did do it on purpose. But John Kerry will do more than make the tough choices. I got people shoving papers in my face 24. Seven. Half the time. I don't even know what I'm saying. John Kerry will make the right choices. I make 10,000 choices a day. I mean, you can't all be right, right? Now it's your turn to choose. I choose for you to come in. Some slack. And then this thing right here. And this billbember the choices clear. Okay. I'll tell you what. As your commander in chief, I order you to stand down. Make the right choice. Vote for John Kerry. No don't make the right choice. Vote for me. Oh, my. Well, that didn't come right. Give me another one at that. What did I have to come in? I'm John Kerry. And I approve George Bush's approval of this message. The sucker. I boog our rape air. Look who's talking. It's 11.18 at 5.60. There's one more for the poll. Sorry about that. Josh, but we have to get that on their menu. It's been out sooner. I don't listen to Howard Stern. Okay. Okay. I'll make sense. Who wouldn't listen to Howard Stern? You? You? Me? Josh. Everybody I know? Well, now I see now you're not going to storm your way. I'm going to start the storm. I'm going to kill him because you've been having those big numbers. And because we have a great lead in the only problem is we have no idea when we're coming. See, when they stuck, when they screwed their show around the first time because management in this business, not just Greg Reeve. But management generally speaking as I've told you for a hundred years. They always have to miss what success to show how smart they are and how dumb the town is. There are the smart ones. We're just pawns in the chess game. So when the jerk does around so they can put Mo on, the dollar move and put me on at nine o'clock, that was bad enough because people were already involved in their morning shows that that point including Stern was still on big at that time. And so, you know, people remember that the show started at nine or they wanted to hear the beginning that would tune over. But at least the one thing is they knew when it started. This is a thousand times worse than that because nobody including us has got any idea on any given day when we're going to start. I mean, it's just, it's on a herd of in the history of this business is absolutely on a herd of and keep in mind that in the other markets that Stern is on, he's not on talk stations. He's on classic rock stations. In fact, this may be one of the only stations that he's on anywhere that is not a classic rock FM, right? Right. That used to be the prerequisite or once a clear channel dumped him off a lot of the stations at that point, this scrambled to put him out in anybody who would put him on. So classic rock, well, it doesn't make any difference what time you place D. Lee Dan or what time you play CCR. I mean, you can play that at any time, right? That's just music. I like that going to be missing the beginning of a show. Right. But when you do a show, which of course, great weed knows nothing about doing a show, there's a certain continuity to it. There's like a floor mat and there's like things you talk about in the beginning and set the table and set the stage. And then, of course, when people are joining a half hour after the start, they have got any freaking idea what's going on. Again, I'm just thinking out loud, let's see, Paul suggestion, cut steering's ass off a 10 a.m. Sure. Well, I hate to break the news, dude, but that ain't enough. It's very obvious. That's not an option because this may, and I'm going to go through the whole thing right now. I'm going to let it right off for it because I'm really getting, I'm getting myself pissed off, which I shouldn't. Well, don't bang on the, no, I'm not going to bang on the table because it'll not the mic out. Yeah, although it might not be a bad idea. In fact, I'm so pissed off that I'm taking next Thursday off because next Thursday's you am kipper. And I've never taken that off of my life because it would be very hypocritical and phony because I don't practice religion and I couldn't give a flying crap less about it, but everybody else is going to be taking that day. Also, why don't you have a should-night? Right? Okay, and this is what you need a little bit of practice. I'll sharpen up your skill, via the middle of the pose to you taking that day off. Well, I'm taking it. And at any rate, let me just also tell you this. This whole deal was in it into it was a done deal. Anocchio, who tells you that they talked to me or my agent or anybody else before the Stearnshire was locked signed in? And they also signed away whatever part of the 10 o'clock hour to that show to the syndicators that program, which they've contractually absolutely no right to do that. It's like Jim Baker, some of those condos that didn't exist. You know, he had about a hundred of money's wound up selling 50,000 of them, and there was a little bit of a problem when people wanted to get their property. That's the same thing with this. And this is a man who just continues negotiating and negotiating himself into a corner and box him, like to remember we had that big deal between the Marlins and the Dolphins I think it was. Remember there was the condo, and there was a big, big flap and song in the dance, because obviously we can't carry both games at the same time, and I think the Marlins always take precedents or is it Dolphins? I don't know. I don't know. But there was a big stink about that. Because we're dealing with snake roll salesmen, management salespeople, snake roll salesmen, who'll probably any kind of crap that they can. And I get my message across, no, it's vague. Oh, let's see what the polls are so far. And I wasn't, at no point was I at all. In fact, I fact you and Eric both the poll for today, right? We talked about even yesterday. Sure. But it's just the idea of sitting and sitting and waiting and waiting is it ever going to end. And I don't know any of that, but there's no format. In other words, there's no advance warning of like when it's going to end, or when she's going to finish doing the news stories, or when we're going to finish saying goodbye to everybody in Manhattan, New Jersey, and Connecticut. It's just a man and a new one, even to some of us, whether or not they're going to take that last break. Right. Whether or not they're going to even run the spots of people that have bought commercials on their program. Well, if he's in a right mood to do what they will. And if not, they just don't. That's not a radio show. It's just a cock-on. It's just an ego trip is what that is. Right. Right. You got it. 133 votes, which of these applies to you? I'm furious that Neil doesn't start at 10, 54, 40.6%. I'm a giver rat, says 26. I'm a static that's turn is I'm QA and 25, that's 18, and a half percent. Everything is fine, 16. That's another 12 percent. So what percent of those two? But third man. There you go. I have no idea when Neil comes on 11. And I don't listen to stir and just one hundred is one there. So I guess we didn't vote there. We'd change our vote. WQA and hello. Hi, how are you doing? Pretty good. Neil, I have one that will absolutely positively rim by a landslide. Yes sir. Bon, shotgun, jobie. What does that have to do with the Howard Stern show? Onside, Bon, jobie. Okay for the full. Okay, thank you. Bon, jobie. Why do they pick it on poor John, Bon, jobie for, huh? Probably because he sucks. Well, that's just a rumor. No, that's confirmed. No, it's not. Who told you, Duff? Oh, speaking of recording artists. Coroner, a nine drugs found in Rick James's system. Well, yeah, we could do we have a list? And just my piece of matter. In fact, what we got a partial list. Plan, point, funk musician that's with an end. Rick James had nine drugs in the system when he died suddenly in August including, oh yeah, here we go. It doesn't have all of them, not the whole list that you'd like. The whole, how come this thing will change? Yeah, that's it. That's what I was looking for. But has this cocaine, methane, fedamine, value and vacated. According to Coroner's report yesterday. James 56 died in his sleep August 6 in his LA home of a heart attack. But the drugs in his system, way to the, here, this likely contributed to the organ's faded reports. Likely, in other words, not necessarily, but as a chance. I'm replying to the, a bit more on the different hallucinogens and all kinds of drugs in his body. Might have contributed to his heart, like finally, crap and out. James vest known for his 1981. In fact, I would say only known for super freak suffered from diabetes. Had a pacemaker had been in fragile health after a stroke in 98. He had been hooked on crack cocaine and once proclaimed himself as an icon of drug use and eroticism. His family attributed his death to natural causes. Well, I guess those are some of the natural substance of some of them not. But the LA county to Coroner took over the case because James hadn't seen a doctor in recent weeks. And autopsy failed to establish the cause and toxicology tests were ordered. The Coroner listed nine drugs, including prescription medications for anxiety, pain relief and heart failure, along with cocaine and methane, fedamine that were found in James's body. None of the drugs had drug combinations were found to be at levels that were life threatening in and of themselves. The report said, again, the cause of death is a heart attack and rule the death accidental. James, who received the lifetime achievement award in June and thank goodness he got that before he croaked. Had recently finished recording an album and was in talks with Hollywood studios for movie bodies life and men all of a sudden. Just when he leased expected guess what? That's it. He croaked. His poor heart couldn't take it no more. How's that line of look today? We got mad doggy tooth. Thank God the mad dogs on it too. A killer of a rat excitement and strength tried to goose the dolphins up for a little bit against that girl's team. The bangles in Cincinnati this weekend. I hear they are playing the girls. They're playing the bangles. Not the bangles. Isn't that it? And he still couldn't beat him. Manage it too. We got more Howard David it for these still absent the A-wall. Hank Goldberg, who's on paid leave, suspension, vacation, termination. Nobody has any idea. So more Howard David. Don't don't don't. Once again, we'll be there to pick up a check and then we got the Marlin pregame at seven. The Braves in town. Real Patsy when they played a Marlin 735. And he came after the baseball game. Don't want me to be a ruckus. Exclusive game. What a ruckus. I'm addicted to a... New on the geriatric channel. Who came here to put me in a hole? And the makers have hit my ride. It's him, I walker. Whoa, chisel my nizzle. Man, you have a chisel. Just walker is spunky. Get lost, man. Quick and fly. You're blind, man. You're my walker. Really does. The tactical philosophy bag so it's a... I don't go boy. I don't go. Electro. 11.30 at 5.60 at WQM. Happy Friday to be. Happy New Year to all you people out there who just don't understand that New Year's January 1st. 198 votes on a pool so far, which it is applies to you. I'm sure that it would have been different if we had all the choices on there in the beginning. Okay, it's my grip. Sorry, I was over at the tax machine. You were a faction? Yes. Anyone who am furious at New Year doesn't start at 10. 86 out of the first 190. That's 43.4% that's dang they're close to half of the audience. It's not too happy about what Greg Reid has wrought. Half of our audience. You see, he definitely doesn't care about you folks who listen to this show. The whole radio station is going to be based on one show. I'm not trying to demean the Howard Stern show because he's had gigantic numbers and tremendous success and he's making 30 million year in Yadiyati, I think a lot of people who listen to Howard have listened to us for a long time, but there are a lot of people who don't listen to Howard Stern who listen to this show. Oh, what a concept, Greg? Yeah, I'll screw them. I guess is what he's saying. Screw you people. Neil Sherwood will start whenever it held Howard wants to go home. And of course, since next Thursday is your own keeper and he took off yesterday where she's shum and he's about as Jewish as George. I'm assuming he'll definitely take off next Thursday because you'll keep her as much more from the much more serious holiday for Jew folks. My folks, some of you folks. And as a result, I'm taking X Thursday off. I'd a zero when I stay off on a Jew holiday. I'm going to go out and eat tray. I'm going to go eat cheeseburg as all day on your own keeper. Two hundred and twelve votes. I'm furious Neil hasn't started 10 89 42 percent. I'm a static Stern's on QAM 41 19 percent. I don't give a rat's ass 31 14. 14. The half percent. Everything is fine. 23. 11 percent. So that's again. The two real positive categories there that Greg has done a fine job. God, good man. I have no idea when Neil comes on 17. I don't listen to Howard Stern 11. We just put that on there and it's starting to move up the ladder. Move it up Jacob's ladder. How's Jacob doing by the way? Remember Jacob? Who? You don't know Jake. I know Jake from the hockey games. Oh, it's speaking hockey. How low is Panthers doing? Oh, see if some of you folks would listen to me. You'd have some of that money in your pocket right now. You can go to the track. You'd go out and get laid. You could have yourself a great time this weekend. But no. You went ahead and said, all that money to Alan Cohen and the organization when I told you there wasn't going to be a hockey season. I told you that. Wouldn't listen. Says, well, Neil, I was only a matter of time. What three weeks before you started to complain about the Stern show and the fact it runs into your show. When you said it wouldn't bother you. Like clockwork, you wouldn't last a month before you complaints in our world. Spight and hate for the Stern show a show in through well. Tough. It's bad enough George influences you about the Stern show. Make up your own mind. Here's sometimes the show goes on long and it sucks at times. But so these years, no, this show doesn't go on past to a clock. So you're head to Brighton, Houston. The show ends at two. We've always had it like every other radio show that I've ever heard of in my life. We always have had a definitive time. We don't go on until we feel like going home and make mandates. It's it by there on the days that he shows up. Wait and wait and wait. No, we don't do that. It says, so you're in good company. Relax. I thought you liked the shorter show. I do like the shorter show. You're right about that. I do like working a little bit less. But I don't like the fact that our audiences get in screwed over. And that there's absolutely no continuity anymore. And that see, I thought that maybe. There would be like a certain window. You know what I'm saying? Like maybe between 10, 20 and 10, 35. Some like that would be just about the average time that they crap out on that show. Sometimes it's 10, 15. Sometimes it's like today 11 or clock. Sometimes it's 11, 15. That's, uh, and again, keeping in mind that consistency is the key. Ralph Rennick was gigantic doing news in Miami because he was a great newscaster. No, because it was there for 100 years. He was there air every night. Six o'clock on channel for at that time. That's what it used to be. Which is now channel 6. Don't want to say it. Yeah. Consistency. People love consistency in programming, especially in this business. And he and television as well. But Greg Reed, Mr. hysteria, one day we're doing this. Unless they were doing that one day we're the all sports station. The next day we're the all outrageous shit. Oh, it's big of a scoffer. Well, by the way, and I was going Greg of these station at Ferrell was on Atlanta yesterday. They went Spanish, contemporary music. Oh, yeah. So I guess Ferrell maybe, uh, I don't know what the deal is. What's going on? I'm feeling a bruising. I'm dead now. No, I said. Can't help. I'm going to the Spanish. I'm going to the world. I'm going to the world. He's actually so far from around. He just keeps getting bounced around. There was another. There was a lot of great move there. So many moves, man. And so little time. Even people with wild diarrhea never had as many movements as Greg Reed has made in the last couple years. WQAM, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Listen, a long time, Mr. Nary. You got the best show on WQAM as far as I'm concerned. What if that's 50 five boss Greg Reed taking into your estate and not giving you the same privileges it gives how it's done? Yeah, that's another line I'm care about that. What do we have privileges? I mean, the stuff that's. No, you know, you should go on as long as you want. Take a cut in your show was the biggest mistake Greg Reed of the make. But you see how to want to go on as long as. In fact, when you say it go on as long as I want, well, I'll tell you about another three minutes on. Good to make. So you're a man. It's really good. We've been in a great family of short for many years. And it's a tragedy broken to your time. Well, that's why I cannot say about it. And there's no consideration for anybody else. He just continues wanting to be the big mover and shaker and manipulator. And he lies man like a champion. This idea that he tells my agent that he discussed it with me in the beginning. I had no problem with it. There was never one word to discussion with me. And by the time I heard about it, it was already a dumb deal. And the stern deal is that he has to you have to carry the entire thing from the time they start to the time they finally run out of gas like steely Dan. Have a great day. No, I'll wiki. Thank you. I had to cut him off because he's making me weep. I'm getting upset. And of course for that last fact, still he had some good points. And yes, I did change my mind in some respects. But you have to experience it for a while. We didn't know what it was going to be like. Sir, he came on a station on August 16. Well, guess what? Today is September 17. So yesterday was one month. Right? That we've been carrying the show and going through this experience and exercise, which is unlike any that I've ever heard of and dreamed of or had nightmares about in this business. This is just out the way radio works. Greg. But then again, what would you know about radio? Which of these applies to you? He asks 251 votes. I'm curious. Neil doesn't start at 10. 141 per cent. I'm ecstatic. Stern is on QAM 47 18.7% which is good because that means that those people of course we don't know if those people were Stern listeners to this show before and Howard or not. See what I'm saying. We don't know. Right. I don't give a rant to ask 35 people. It just, you know, they'll go with the flow. They don't care. They're stone. Everything is fine. 24. So that's like, oh, no, it's still about 20. A little bit less. I have no idea when Neil comes on 21. And I will listen to Howard Stern now is up to 20. See, this might come as a tremendous shock to Greg. But we have a pretty significant section of this audience that doesn't listen to Howard Stern. Also that didn't listen to how he David or that didn't listen to Joe Rose or for RAL or whatever else preceded us. But as a result, those people would like to know when he'll show starts. They'd like him some clue. WDQA and hello. Is this a WDQA? Yes it is. Oh, Howard, start to Neil. Speaking. Huh? I say this is he, this is Neil. This is Neil? Sounds like me, yes. I know. You know, I'll take it from my car. I hear your fine. Okay, great. I wanted to tell you that I had to stop listening to QA and in the morning. I enjoyed the sports. I'll keep them on that of sports. It was tolerable even with Howard. But I can't remember how it was going to be. I was right. Are you talking about more everyday? I don't know. I can't. Oh, okay. But this Howard's turn thing. It's taking me to another level. I can't stand it. I can't. I can't. I can't. And put on 560 and he's still on. Yeah. I just, I want to blow my brains out. I can't stand it. I have to do that. I have to stop this. Well, I ain't going to stop. I mean, there's nobody to stop that because he's already. It's in the contract. It's in the deal. Well, it would be like if you sold your house to do different people. So you know, I'm saying, and you signed a contract with the people on Venus to each other. And you have a little bit of a conflict there. And now it leaves you between a rock and a hard place, which was where Greg perpetually leaves this radio station between a Iraq and a hard place. I don't even know when he goes off because when I can't stand looking to him so much that I just go to my CD player and and then before you know about that my next destination. I'm this you entirely. So I'm very happy about this. But thanks for going. I thought a letter I can't paint, but if we want to do any good. No, I'm going to do anything. I will be a campaign of one anyway. Stavot for John Kerry and extra two or three times instead. Okay, I'm proud of this. Okay, thanks. One view. Hi. I know. See, there's a nice lady. We actually had a lady call, which we have no lady callers and no lady listeners on his formally sports station. I wouldn't be surprised if your Rosekick some smelly ass on the ESPN that the ticket. Don't you? Well, it'll be something to see. He's on what like 8 to 11 or 9 to 11. Something like that. 8 to 11. Does it? 9 to 11. Like I said, I just say that 9 to 11. And I think he's going to do pretty good in there. And of course, we can only hope them in days that we come on like a 10 30 10 40 to people who do like this show. Well, so hey, let's turn over and see if Neil is on right now. We enjoyed here in the blockhead this morning. And all of that, but let's you think they will. Yeah, that should be our new motto. Keep switching around, baby, and see if we're here. You never know. We might just be in it on the other hand. You're listening to Neil Rogers. For us to run on the plastic. You're a AM. Break hate you. All right. Oh, uh. Not the one with the dime. Not the one with the dime. Come with us. Back to Vietnam. That won't. It's back in the news. We want to know. What did John Kerry do? Saw those swift boats. Now they are making another run. Those swift boats. They could determine the election. Santa course, we're conjectured about things more than 30 years old. Dad. It was really bad. But it's still better than these negative nights. It's war. This campaign is war. I'm going to read. I'm 45 at 5. I have no choice. I listen to the kids the beginning of the show. I don't know. I'm just aggravated. I was aggravated. But as I think I've drawn on, I'm thinking of myself. I'm just waiting and waiting. I mean, enough already. Say good bye. Go home. We don't have to thank everybody in them and head in the right. And just to get out of here already. But again, when you're on almost all music stations, it doesn't make any difference when you play. CCR for the 85th time today. Right. That was your doctor. Music rule. It's a different presentation. Huh? It's cute. What time that music starts? So it's a whole different concept. And of course, Greg, we never thought about that because Greg, we doesn't think he just jumps in with both feet and his head and there's nothing in it. Which of these applies to you? I want to change the pool. Is that a problem for Eric? It better not be. Uh. Ha ha ha. Oh. Because I'm foaming it them out. I think what we were just just let's simplify this. And then 1230 will put the other one. Okay. Okay. Let's simplify two choices. Which of these applies to you? I'm happy with the current 6 a.m. to 2 p.m. situation on Q a n. Huh? Okay. That's long with it. I'll take a minute. I'm happy with the 6 a.m. to 2 p.m. Got to be one a sin. Uh, I don't know. I would schedule. I'm going to schedule. Okay. Well, such as that you don't have a scan. We got to work with a reference. Or I'm unhappy with it. Right? Okay. Now let's take a look at what we had here. The first three of it in 14 votes on this pool, which we're going to Schmidt Can has second. I'm curious that he'll doesn't start at 10. 124 and nearly 40%. I'm ecstatic. Stern is on Q a m. 60. 19.1%. I don't give a rat. It's as 42. 13.3%. People with crystal radios that only have one frequency. I don't listen. Howard Stern 33 to no 1. That's starting to slide up. Uh, everything is fine. 32. I've got you. Maddie Bell and the water not see voted a few times. I have no idea when Neil comes on 23 out of the first three 14. Okay. Let's change that. And in like a 1230 we'll get into the other thing, which is it will be up there all weekend long anyway. What is the most overrated rock group of all time? And you can call an ad your own. We got Boston Steely Dan, Pearl Jam, Dave Matthews Band and Bond Jovi and all those terrible things you say about Poor John Bond Jovi. It's our true. Anyway, mother of GI killed an Iraq arrested in chaotic scene. This story just makes you want to barf. The mother of a soft, blood-swick New Jersey man killed an Iraq was her rest of the day. After interrupting a speech by First Lady Laura Bush, during campaign event in a Hamilton firehouse. Soon, need to roar, or as sure with a photo of her son, Army Lieutenant Seth Boren, that read President Bush you killed my son. Boren died in February and need to resid she asked the First Lady why her daughters and the children of other politicians weren't serving an Iraq. She pulled kind of a Michael Moore on L. President's wife. At that point, it became chaotic and I was pushed in Shavut said need to wear of hope well New Jersey. They engulfed me, it wasn't planned ordinary folks but people ensuits with their phones. The crowd chanted four more years as Secret Service agents surrounded me to wear and escorted her outside. Once outside need to resid she was handcuffed and placed in a police van after trying to speak with reporters she was charged with trespassing. I had a ticket to get in, she said heading that Hamilton police kept your ticket as evidence. I was there legitimately. Need to resid she obtained a ticket by going to Republican campaign headquarters on Tuesday as a local newspaper where her head advised readers to do. She said some campaign workers recognized her as an outscoking anti-wrapped bus but still gave her a ticket. No one stopped need to wear when she was checked in by name at yesterday's event. Before need to resid outburst in the fire, how some people standing near her commented on her shirt expressing sympathy. Need to resid after her shouted question. Need to resid at least one person spoken her defense saying she has a right to speak. She's a mother. A man standing near her noticed the door and shirt and told her his son it served with a soldier and said need to resid. No need to resid. No need to resid. Need to resid. I tried to court date in the Hamilton. New joysie. I didn't like that. Okay. President Bush you killed myself. Can't protest not to against this administration. Because they'll throw you like the aster we had about the t-shirt. You remember that? But who would want to accept some liberal nut anyway? Let's see. Here's one for the poll. The Joe Rose on 790 till Neil comes down. Well, we've done that one about what you're listening to before, but thanks to Brian and Coconut Creek, I understand. I get it. What do you think the chance of what do you think the percentage of our audience is that is listening when we when the stirring goes off when we finally started every day? About 30. Not 30 man. I don't even think that. Hey, it says here I want. I never thought I would say this, but I want Mowback. And what a prophetic thought that is. Unnamed. Thanks. But they want Mowback. That's how. First read of the art was a crunch. And then again, it's going on on the radio station. Okay. We're going to be a change in that pool. I know this Eric is right on top. The nice goal in Eric and I apologize for fucely for putting you through all this exercise. Okay. No, I don't. Anyway, here's the promo. This is where we got the three of us. Matter. Fact. Look for the QM van five to seven at the public. At 15. 25 North 107th Avenue in Miami. Stop by the spin the wheel for our usual very embarrassing low budget prizes at the rock Green. The light beer display. Rock solid rock green. Like beer. Do you want to be. Oh, speaking of that. Oh. And QM QB6 to eight tonight at the Eden. A night club. Eden. I club. Look at the 21 or one South University drive in Davy. When prizes enjoy happy hour with two for one drink specials. And also at the QM van. It'll be at the Kindle. Aile House. To make the 10 PM stock. Stuff by for specials on course. Light. And then Miami Hurricanes tickets. How do you like that for all of these things going on today? Part of these strings. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hi. This is Sunny Fox. And the people are. Wow. Like adding up on sunny. I wanted to hear what he had to say. I didn't. I think it starts with. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hey. New. I got one for the overrated rock band. Please. Add on there. Metallica. Is they really cool. Okay. Well, we're working on all kinds of pulls at the same time. Yeah. I bet your screen can relate. Speaking of pulls. What a segue. Bush leads in one pull tied to another one. What that Gallup pull is really scary. In a few research pull. Taking September 11 to 14. After Bush was up 12 points or more from the previous pull, it's almost dead even. The first of two national pulls by Pew does September 8 to 10. Reflected the presence. Post convention bounce. Bush was ahead 52 to 40 among registered voters. Even a wider margin among likely voters 5439. He was in by 15 points. But the second pull done September 11 to 14 in that pull. The Bush lead had evaporated. And that pull Bush and carry with time 46% among registered voters. Among likely voters Bush has had only 1.4746. But in the Gallup pull. Now how come I doesn't say in this story? I got here. This is really a crappy story. Where is the Gallup? Here it is. Bush is 54 to 40 in a three way matchup. But later with 3%. 14 points up according to Gallup, which always is lean to the right. Confitually through the years, but nevertheless, that's not looking really all that good. You know, looking kind of disgusting. Enough to make you bark. 56070560. Most overrated rock group of all time. Pound 560 Verizon and singular wireless lines. Line 9. WQM. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I've been a stern Neil listener for years. And what I do now is I don't know if you put this under pull or not. But what you do is you get on the radio in the morning. Listen to 1310 because they don't plot everything out. Then I hang on until stern. You're fine. I lost 1310. Oh, there's Palm Beach Station. Oh, you lost 3.1. You mean, you're fine. You don't be doing those A and I listen. I listen. I listen to radio play. Yeah, I listen to. To Howard and the longer he stays on the better your show is going to be when he signs off. So what I do is I wait until, you know, when it gets around 10 30 quarter to 11. And he signs off. I clip over to your show. There's about 30 seconds of the late and you come on and go bonkers for the first half hour. It's the best radio on the areas. Like I said, I sure like having the hard stay on as long as he wants. Yeah, I think it's great. I think it's great. I think it's great. I think it's great. Because I get the flip over. At least you just go A and give me 8. Oh, you said that. That's nice. That's nice. Come on. You're great. I can't get that. I can't. Can't get that well. Got that right out of here. Thanks a lot, Pally. Hey, man. We'll see you next time. Okay. Well, there's you guys pretty happy. Let's see how this other pull is coming so far. See it's kind of like 50 50 but 50 50. I could be very good, you know what. First 26 votes. That'll mean too much. So that's almost 50 50. That's not good. We can't afford to have more than half our audience like unhappy, right? But like this guy just said he's happy. Yeah. There's one. And I think he made a real good point. I like working a lot less. Maybe I just had like a little brain fart there. It was just a success. We were all exasperated this morning. Because I keep pushing like, well, why are they doing now? Are they still in the news stories? Are they doing it? Did they do the break? Or they're going to do the break? And we don't know. You did it. It's just totally unpredictable. It's not radio. It's not breaking in the hell. I don't care if they got a 70's here. It's not radio. Yeah. You can't complain about the format on that choke. There isn't any. Anyway, pector says, I can't stand steering one line item in your current poll should be. How many listeners will no longer listen to WQM? I for one, I'm pretty close to that point says hector. Sounds like a threat to me. Hector don't threaten us. Okay, you love us. Don't leave us. We love you, hector. Just don't leave. Please. We need everyone. Most overrated Brock Van Eyelove this. Oh, two good choices on you. Yeah, from DP. You too. And Van Eyelove. Hey, boy. Boy, no wonder we couldn't choose between the two. Let's get them a vote on your left. You're a real brother. Exclusively. I'm proud. You're an old Russian laden. And I like to rub in my smelly gorilla house with soap made from jewels. And listening to the new rock. I'm gonna use the hour. Okay. I'm gonna use the hour. Okay. I'm gonna use the hour. Sit down. Come on. Come on. Happy New Year Greg. You've got your shirt cut. His head is your rock solid. That. He raised the tear and level high. And down with freedom going to die. I'm worried. You're... That's happy. Oh. You say how kid has a chance. And I think I just feed my pants. I'm worried. And that's happy. I'm worried. Not happy now. I'm worried. I'm worried. I'm worried. Not happy. I'm worried. Not happy. I like the doors and clothes that drapes. I'm part of 100 rules of the tape. I'm worried. And I'm happy. If it changes from orange to red. I'll go ahead and I'll go ahead and I'll do my best. I'm worried. Oh my, my, my, my. I'm not happy. Look at me. I'm not happy. I'm worried. I'm worried. I'm worried. I'm worried. I'm worried. I'm worried. I'm worried. I'm worried. I'm happy. Probably three or five, six to your WQM happy Friday. Two. We've got the marlin game tonight. And, of course, in between we got Mad Dog and Mo. Mad Dog and Mo. Five. If seven. Let's get this out of pull bill. I think we'll leave this one on here to one. Okay, okay, because we're kind of like doing all this as we go along today doing it by hand. So to speak. Can I say that? No, we're doing it by Root. I'll ask Joyce. Yeah, and it's doing see if we can do it by hand. I'd like to do it like by fist like right in her teeth. Okay, is what I would like to do her by by the name rate We'll leave this one under one of the meantime We'll like build this pool and then when we get it on there'll be there all weekend anyway So I have plenty of chance to vote on the most overrated rock group of all time I'm sure we'll have a fine list. Don't you think? Oh, we're fine by the time we get true Let's see George and Miami spell just the same way you spell as in I like I ran That's a mirror. I've put me proud is only two Anyway, he says for the other then maybe George Valesk is If it's okay if he'll start slayed but bring back the fart sounds now you're talking George. Yeah For the overrated rock band Lenny Cravitz is considered a band no Is he no no I mean how can we hate him but we are the guy who do it. There's music too No, we don't like her. Oh, it'll be like we can't stand. I don't even know what that's all about plus to look at him is the puke from but no He's not a band and the thanks for being the voice of reasons as George and He should be banned he should be right. He should be banned from coast to coast and beaten from pillar to post 560 560 pound 560 and the Verizon and singular wireless lines on a singularly Bizarre day. I don't know. I'm not glad we're only doing three hours I just don't like the way it happens. You know I'm saying I again I'm not taking back what I said about bitten the same money for working less. That's fine But it's just so it's just not right. It's just not being done right like everything else Gray least one thing about Greg He may not be good at least he's consistent. He does everything half past W to Q a and hello Q a Okay Hey, I just wanted to Voice in on this on the strength things. Yes, sir. I will listen to you for long time And I love you show. I'd advise I would say you got the most List-nobles show. That's what you want out of cognitive or man. Yeah, well I'm talk show to feel one because usually we're just driving around at car We just want something to listen to this, you know fun to pass the time to right at the You know this got to take him face the living but I thought At the listen to stern the morning. Do I usually show this doesn't really bother me? I could understand like a little Noy Stretched out and this doesn't bother me because I would at least that's ten o'clock. I know he's put you over to you anyway But I don't know I think people shouldn't be like it shouldn't be like you if they like you They hate him they hate him No, no, absolutely no of course now we got all the stern listeners. He's like the show But that no, not at all. That's not what I'm trying to do more. I was going to the morning aside from your real The terrible nearly fans that are like you've got worship you and you know just there's a lot of them Sure a lot of just people that just like to listen to something that was pushing the boat That'll be fine and I have I have one dance for the thing that I can't leave no one said yet It's the old-burated fan. I think ever the Great for that I want to just I mean great. How much is that people people people To both their whole life to the fan and no one's the only song the everything was Fucking and that was looking for a good song Amen and he's still dead by the way anyway. Thanks a lot That's a great weekend. That's a great call. How do you like that wow? See? But I do like that cheering Garcia and fact I like any no I don't like I take that back No like any Ben and Jerry's I like most of them especially the coffee coffee crunch the good news as I can't find it lately for some reason anywhere I better I may have to go back to Nestle's turtle after this show today I have to go out and get a couple of tubs don't do it, Tubby Because Greg Reid is gonna drag me to eating again when I've been doing so well I lost these 12 pounds which it is back to 12 now now that got to hell out of there and get off the couch from that hurricane But I just I don't know I might just have to go into an eating frenzy this weekend because Greg Reid just drives me crazy I just want to walk around well, no, no, no, no, no, no like that And of course in any big city including this one is a lot of crazy people walking around loose talk to themselves and like so I wouldn't even stand Out at that point. WQAM hello Pretty good Oracle you read before but that woman who is arrested for wearing that t-shirt right I'm from that town and I Actually cried and laughed at the same time because that area is so Republican and They are basically they're so against any kind of human rights. It's like another like country and they're I'm that's why the Republicans went there and gave that speech because they have a very good comfortable teaching the choir that's right. They don't want anybody who disagrees at all anywhere within a hundred miles of wherever they are Yeah, I'm that I talked to my father who lives down there. He's a piece of big Republican there I told my wife who's in a Michael Moore movie and he is when all I can't say the word he called me for seeing the movie and how anti American I was Yeah exactly right I just like keep her mouth closed and I basically haven't talked to him since the 911 movie I'm probably never got them again. I told I got them to take that spot How does it? Yep, good luck us hang in there, Palli. Thank. Rolling in off and man vote several times at least What's all those vans? Let's see here is all Oh, I think I recognize this Don't you sure Or am I wrong or am I making it? No, no, it's a very familiar, but I mean it might not be the one we think. Oh, okay It says is an evict you am listener. Oh, no, this is not who I thought I apologize in advance For the 10 years my radio dial rarely left five 60 WQ a N But with the new changes at the station my selections have also changed I've tried to listen to stirren, but it just doesn't work for me Great read won't like to hear this, but 790 ESPN is working for me. Oh, I listen to Joe Rose and you we love Joe Rose and usually to the end of his show Then I turn to five 60 sometimes you're on sometimes here anything else Robin and I just gag 4 to 7 I spent on 790 till the hammer gets back and when you all have a sporting news radio I much prefer ESPN. Sorry, right, Greg. How do you like that? Yeah, Greg says Greg Says he's not too happy with your screw it all around and this business about when Hank gets back who says he's coming back The scuttle butt around the judges crotch this morning was his left nut tells him that the humpers not coming back I do have a psychic one he has a psychic Scroat it's a crystal ball Which in the ditch of these well don't break it Which in these applies you 86 votes and this is our second out of 100 polls today. Well, I want to they'll get a whole lot of polls, okay? I'm unhappy with the six aim to 2 AM 2 2 PM whatever it is a thing 44 now. Look at how close this is huh 44 say they're unhappy 42 say they're happy at 86 so it's like almost neck and neck, but And that may sound great, but that's not great See what I'm saying? Yeah, but what are you gonna do? Cry okay W to Q AM hello Q AM Not there W to Q AM hello W to Q AM hello Okay, no Yes, sir. Hey. How you doing? All right. I echo everything that facts that you just read I listen to Joe Rose and the more until 11 now switch over to you and until a hand comes back if he comes back I hope he leaves you guys hanging and goes over to 790 like Joe Rose did, but until he comes back And he if he went over there and just kicked their ass in the afternoon wouldn't that be something? Now with his son cuz one thing these people are a Senate but what for you and hey go burn 561 even exist So I got to say I rest my case man How do you like that? And I he left out the mandal could get's jogging at a number in there too He's no small potatoes the mad doggy No, they're not I think basically that's what it's been now for quite some time is this show and Sister Mary Manwich and the hopper that's it that's the meat and potatoes are art and soul But about how it's whole deal about every once in a every few days to read well a very jackass writes Hank over it hasn't there anything from station management and has no idea what's going on if or when he'll be I don't want can that go on how many more Man huh? I mean I could see if he had like seven months left on his deal He was sitting on his fat asking a fatter and fatter waiting for the paycheck every week I've been to that that's that's fine. All the we wouldn't be happy about it But the deal ends October one from what I understand and the article the other day said he can start negotiating with other places September one today is already set our October one today is already September 17 which means sounds like two weeks from today Don't in October one look at the calendar right 24 30. Okay, right? Right October one two weeks from today. So you know It's time to either wipe it or get off the pot Greg because it really starting to smell very very bad Fubbett is past noon at five 60 W QA. We are confused your bizarre your Station You know this is one of those times when many of you might need help fast thankfully Dialo macros delivered the same day all across off-floor right here dough when you call 1 800 macros You'll choose from the deepest and whitest selection of betting all available for same day delivery Call 1 800 macros right now for factory drag prices and immediate delivery and you still get to pick the date and to our window for Deliver you to fit your schedule. I'm dial macros don't forget is on time Just about all the time 99.7% of the time as close to perfect as humanly possible dial macros is ranked number one across the recital satisfaction these folks were winners of the 2004 better business bureau local torch of excellence award when you call 1 800 macros like I've been doing for years by the way You'll choose from the complete line of certa Celie King Carl Simmons temper peatik and Stearns and Foster hewitt no off brands no BS no second-to-crap Just the top names in a mattress business all the smart folks are doing it. You ought to be doing the same forget about the betting and department stores And paying for their big overheads for the best deal all the way around Log on to macros.com or make that one easy call from right there on your fat ass call 1 800 macros 1 800 mA TTR ES Over It's always a cool party and sunny version. Choosing Gagga Gagga Gagga Gagga Gagga. Say hello to all by now. Don't win gifts and crap about any of that. It's a talent that brings us all. Hey, stop it. This is that song that's all. The talent is doing it out. Everybody get face through the penance. You're doing it out. You're doing it out. You're making such a wonderful mission. The lady's having a dinner dinner. But all you'll ever see on the tiniar is a word. It's a ghost or a sports or a door. It's always a cool party and sunny version. Choosing Gagga Gagga Gagga Gagga Gagga Gagga. Say hello to all by now. Don't win other missions and crap about any of that. It's a talent that keeps us face through the penance. And you've got all that's all that's going to do. You're doing it out. What you did out. What you did out. Here's a fun of Craig and Miami-faxes. I wish Howard was not a longer. We knew he had a metal problem. Craig and I was pretty obvious. Finally. Find me a minute. Here's one from Elmer that says, please add Creed to your pool. You're using Corp and a sterile anesthetic. Good choice, Elmer. Creed. Christian too. They're one of these Christians. I think they used to be. They used to be. They used to be. They used to be. They started to eat. Creed. Huh? Or maybe they're going to move to Carbola. I don't know. Here's what it says. And obviously now see here's another person who was not listening in the last hour when we came out 11 because they had no idea what time we come on. Because I talked about Scott for rail and about the fact that the station in Atlanta changed format where he was working and they went to Spanish contemporary music. It says, bring back Scott for rail. Get certain off the air. Claire Channel fired him because they changed radio for me. We just talked about that. But again, you get a free pass because nobody has any idea what time this show starts. Including us. Okay, let's get a whole bunch more names than I'd pull and quit all this billy. And we like short shows. Five six. Ha ha ha. It just would be a much it could there be a much less painful way of doing it. You know what I mean? The bus. Hey, for example, it would be much better for me on my part if I didn't have to hear like that last because we don't listen to that show. Every now and then we punish Josh in there. We force him to turn to put the pot and cue and hear what they're doing. So we get some kind of idea when they might finish with those stories already. Well, make you listen so that we don't have to hear or they don't get or they don't yet. No, all morning long. Right. But the bottom line is that I don't want to hear that last minute because I don't have a word that really frost my ass. Yeah sir. Red Zeppelin. I agree. Wholeheartedly, Georgian going to be too happy to have a red report. The worst movie ever. Really? Yeah, for dopey, white guy, social enough losers. No. They didn't like it. Great. Thanks a lot, pal. Okay. We know you didn't like that. So one out of two ain't bad. He doesn't like Led Zeppelin. He likes Evelyn, but you know, yeah, I can't hide you. It's another state of mind thing. You know, it's like the Rascal House of Music. And by the way, where does it go? That's a stairway to heaven. Heaven? And what are we going to be doing up there? Are we going to be praising God or praising God? Oh God, you're good. Oh God, you're good. And it'll be praise. I'll take a pass on that. I'd rather have a hot time down south. Do I have to keep you away, I'm hello? And you just want to say it's great to have. I would turn on and grace you to follow. The one who's complaining directly to Howard about his ego. What do you mean by that? Hey, you have the time with his ego, you said. Yeah, I do. So I want to complain directly to him. I think you've had the word across to him. You don't understand. He doesn't care about what I think. Nor do I have any interest in speaking the him or conveying a message to him. That's why I have a radio show. Okay, but once again, great to have Howard Sherman. Excellent. Thank you. You're welcome. Yeah, I do have a problem with his ego. It's mass. I mean, is there any debate that he's got a gigantic ego? That he would like to be on for 15 hours if he could physically take it. Anybody would air it. I don't have any doubt about that. He's just all over the place, but that's him, you know? But it's like, and you know something. If you want to send him a tape of what I'm saying, I have no problem. That's what the hell the why? Here. W to Q, I am. Hello. Hey, George. Yeah. Yes, sir. What you got? How about you, too? Me too. How about you, too? Five. I guess what we haven't put that one on you. We're not putting that on a little one o'clock, right? Right. Because we want to take a look and well, we just want to see this. I think this is a little bit disturbing right now. A little bit of research since the station doesn't do any promotion. Any research. They don't do anything. They've just sit around around Grace conference table there with all of his side kicks. They're a screw-in and Maddie Bell and Ray Perry. And of course his underlings there, his yes men, mufflands, he and Clarence were both Pean and their pants every time. Great, farts the wrong flavor. And then they sit around there, you literally in this he decides. And they oh, yes, Greg. Yes, Greg. Yes, Massa. Yes, Massa. Good idea, Massa. Hundred and three. And then of course after everything blows up and everybody's face. And they say, oh, well, it was Greg's idea. They say that behind his backs. You know, there you go. The difference. I'll be more than happy to say anything directly to his face or Howard Stearns face or anybody else's face unless they're a lot bigger than me and dangerous. Then I say on the air. 139 votes, which of these applies to you? I'm unhappy with a current situation. Six to two on QAms 73. Fifty two and a half percent of this audience is on. Freaking happy. How do you like that there? On happy. Is that acceptable? It's going to have to be. It's not. What you might think it is, but it's not. I'm happy with a series to two with like 69. Oh, I can't say that 48.2 percent. So 52 to 48 so far. Percent unhappy. And again, it's not like it's not like which side wins. That's not to point. The point is what we got half or close to it are a little more than that. The audience who's like, then, how to shape. That doesn't vote well. But you know, something the paycheck still is saying. And I'll take it. But I just want to go on a public record today. Lating the audience know that we have been just used in abuse. I mean, let's move it to nine o'clock. Let's put it on whatever steering goes on. Yeah, here's the show that's been the top rated show on this station from the day that I sat my fat ass down in that chair down there. And at horse ball studio on a second floor and Georgia course, being the lending that he is getting to all the crap that they could he've had him. That's all we've done with little or no publicity of any real kind. Couple of billboards. And that's about it. Here's the show that the general manager of the radio station one day walking out of the tea room says to me, Boy, before you came here near we never had any ratings on this station, which of course wasn't true because Hank had some good books before I came to station. But, you know, once this show started, they got rid of a lot of that sports garbage they had in midday. And we had gigantic numbers and they made them a lot of money. So let's take the most successful, the most highly rated show and let's dittle around with it. Let's move it here and move it over there and let's try to, let's just, won't stop with this man. He just never stops dittling around. See, call me crazy, but you're crazy. When it gets to be like about one fifty seven or less commercial break comes on every day. See, this is a way radio works. When it gets to be that point, ah, not listen. If let's say I'm going to come back with about two minutes to go. I'll play a bit, a bit about a minute. I make sure I see how long it is so I don't slap over to my dog show. And then I come back and if I have time and bye bye. And I'm watching CityPulse have it on her because they have the digital clock so that we get out within five or ten seconds of two or clock right on the dot. Usually a little couple seconds ahead of time. That's the way it works. I can think back to the worst team, even that used to just drive me crazy. And they'd send Robert Greeper and tell us, oh, well, they're going to be a lot of two minutes light. They had a great phone interview and they got a lot of spots to run. How great, what phone interview could have been if it was about the end of the world about nuclear oil dropping on home stadium. That I can understand, but it was a reports. Yeah, the job. With some dumb job, with some stupid ass coach that we've heard 80 million times in the last week already. Same, you know, the same slick here in the Pat Riley's, all those other guys. By the way, how are you doing, Pat? How about that hockey season, baby? Yeah, you little russies. It's called for that center path. There's your money by saying we this. You A M. This radio station. And today is Russia's genre, the Jewish New Year. In an effort to celebrate religious diversity and promote goodwill toward other faiths, we've brought in a member of the Jewish community to offer our Jewish listeners a greeting for the new year. But hey, happy New Year! Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, go home, okay. Oh, hey. I'm dying of a hair. She's what I recently, we're here now. Looks like the Quaker O' Sky. Quaker? No, she's from the mighty world. Barbara Bush and Bonnie Thales and Ice, full of a rice map now. Get back into when she realized. She raised for criminal clouds. Barbara Bush and Bonnie Thales and Ice. And she's destiny holds in crap. And she raised for quite the Chinese. She's a trouch man. And she's so great to have a boy who says they want no boys. What's like she's married in a bowl with all the trainers, thighs and thighs. Bonnie Thales and Ice. She doesn't feature four. And she's always surprised. She's with a machine clock. Barbara Bush and Bonnie Thales and Ice. She gave us your push and ship push, try to make a new and wild and fly childy mission back. And smells just like the magic stars on the thick back. Barbara Bush, three-fifth of the night in on the sand day with Bonnie Thales and Ice. Bonnie Six to one. Let's get this up all off of it. Let's get the other one on there. Up and running. This pool is our second of three today. Boy, three for the price amount. I'm a good person. I said, howdy. 173 votes, which of these applies to you? I'm unhappy with the S62 line of on QM 95. That's 55% unhappy. I'm happy. I'm happy with the S62 78. 45% well, I don't want to continue with that because it's getting me too depressed. So let's put the other one on there. What if the most overrated rock group of all time? And we had a hundred because we got to get moving on there. We got to get a whole bunch of names on that before. Two right. Right. Now I just had this fact. I think for the first one, I saw the fact that that was a fake that you made up about Yom Kippur. Yom Kippur, excuse me. I want to see Yom Kippur because that sounds like it's not issued to me. Yeah, it sounds. No, it sounds. Yom Kippur starts sunset Friday, September 24. So I double checked that I have my day planner here like gay planner. And in sunset, Saturday, September 25th. So really, Yom Kippur is next Saturday. So if I were to take a Thursday based on Yom Kippur, I'd be full of crap. I can't do that. I'll go over here. I know that for a fact because I looked it up in my pole financial group, day planner for 2004. I'm beginning these four years. I don't have any idea who these people are. I never did any business with these people. I never had insurance with them. But I thank them very much. These are great day planner books. You know them as I'm talking about? Yes, I do. You got one? No. Well, they don't like. But I've seen it. Peggy, faithful female listener, facts as in and says, I used to listen to five, 60 from the time I would wake up in the mornings. The first team, then Joe Rose, you and Mad Dog. Hank, I would listen to sometimes. Now I listen to Joe on 790, then I flip over to five, 60 after 10, 30 until you come on. I hate to do a format. I'm not a Howard sperm fan. Says, faithful listener Peggy. Well, Peggy, what can we do? You know, we're doing the best we can under impossible circumstances. Because we got a boss who just everything with him is a knee jerk reaction. Pup, pup, pup, pup, pup, pup. Oh, look at this. I'm doing that. I'm a big shot. Yeah, I'm really impressed. Get a haircut by the way, Schmuck. Let's see. Here's big might and St. Pete who's always says, Steely, Dan is great. Oh, wow. See, you should never start at the bottom. Now I shouldn't start at the bottom of his facts. It says, I'm an internet listener. Everyone, you tell me, get my coffee, get my snack, turn on your feed. Of course, it's in a clock. You can't get our feed because that's another thing on the internet. We can't feed this during. Even if we had extra cheese burgers. I read the stories. Pick the eye to curtain have a few last. Don't forget the eye to curtain today. It's posh, spice, Victoria Beckham. David Beckham's mist says, I can't listen to the whole show because the work I always catch the beginning of the show. Now I can't be sure when you start it's most ridiculous. Listen to this. Big Mike and St. Pete says it's the most ridiculous thing I've ever heard streaming silence. Simon and Garfunker would be embarrassed. People like to routine in this rest of my routine. Yes, he says, I have no life. I found this link about your old panel, Goldstein. Well, we don't care about that. He says he likes food more than sex. Or, overrated, bet in the biggest liar, George Bush. Well, we know that. We're waiting for a advance. Sticks. I think he might have a point there. You know, well, that's one of those that they started out good. And they went really shocked. Yeah. Lot of real syrupy. Yeah. Anyway, Sticks will put it on their STYX. I'm sure that George knows how to spell Sticks. Stones. Spelt it already. Don't put the stones on there. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, 5. Come on. Let's get a couple hundred names for the list. Let's get off of the all this other marlin stuff. Crangleber, spilled milk. There's nothing we can do with the guys. Signed all these different contracts. They all can afflict. He's got a whole bunch of people very unhappy. The audience is unhappy. Moes unhappy. The huffers unhappy. Gildies unhappy. Work gets started to get really unhappy. And, you know, I don't live too much. Mad dog, he's happy. He works like two or three days a month. Plus he gets to do his ball games with his good post personal buddy. Absolutely. WQM. Hello. Hey, what's up, Neil? How you doing, pal? Pretty good. Did you do me a favor? Yes, sir. Next time you see Greg Greak and you kick him in the balls for me and tell me if he falls he was needs. If he had any. Oh, well, yeah. All right, people are hammered. OK, right. There you go. Viva la hammer, baby. Viva la hammer. Viva la hammer. Viva la hammer. Viva la hammer. Viva la hammer. Viva la hammer. Viva la fat one. Anyway, don't forget our all as resilient appearances today. All over the place. 40. QA and 5 to 7 at the public's 15. 525. That's 15. 25 in English. Northwest 107. 70. Miami's stop by the spin the wheel for prizes at the rock reen light beer display. And of course, the big O who is Rock Solid. And the QMQD6 to 8 tonight at the Eden Night Club at 2101 South University Drive. More of those crap prizes. And enjoy happy hour with two for one drink specials. That's the highlight. And tonight the Vandal B at the Kendall, Elhouse 8 to 10. Lot of drink and a lot of booze in it up tonight. Stop by for specials on Cours Light. And when Miami Hurcunes tickets as well, maybe. If you're lucky, if you're real real lucky. WQA and hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Are you down today? Pretty good. Good. Got a question for you. Was it ever? Did Simon what actually got the hammer on vacation? Well, allegedly. I mean, I was not vacation myself. I was, I think in Europe at the time. And I read the articles in the paper. And of course, then I started talking to some people. I still can't get information. It had something to do with Jeffrey Loria and his Miracle situation or something. I really don't know the details. And I thought there had already something more than that. And people say, oh, no, well, that was it. And I guess the Marlon organization they were all bent out of shape. And as a result, the man's been put in the liberal. I mean, this man gets suspended more than most people get late. I mean, because since we've been on the station, he's been suspended about 500 times already, because I think Grace got a personal bug up his eyes about Hank myself. That's unbelievable. Hey, I got one for your fault, too. Yes, sir. How about Chicago? You don't like Chicago? No, they started out good, but they're doing Christmas. Oh, God. Okay, put it that way. See ya. Okay. Just whistle with something. Bitch, better have my money. Oh, shit. I'm going to this. How much of this going to play? Oh, you're so good. But that's my Chicago CD. You don't have to go to a total pan and step on on all that the Schwarz music. There's especially on the last few show in a minute. That's disrespectful. That is on the early part of the school. I think that was Mormons. I was at the moment doing it. Well, I mean Chicago, the tremendous music. That's a good point. He made a list of down. He started out great because Terry Cat Lewis brains out. Bobby's on the land. Huh? This is not. Don't put Chicago on your place. Did you put it on your place? I did. You are. I don't live a whole land. What do you say? You called the rules. People could have said that. I didn't put the bill. You put the bills on your place. Yeah. I have one thing for you to think about during the break. Yeah. Can break read. Just for listening to Neil Rogers. One hand is closing. On 560-60. That's you, A, A. Yes. Yes. Aww... Just on the line. If you succeed, do it really. Do it. You did you say eight and seven. Open it. No one will be knocked off. You rise high. Call your parents. Leave the goddess Your destiny. Keep aigation now. You don't have to make the state years. Wear yourbereatkee Throw your legs back. Hand your hands. Throw your legs back. You throw your legs back. While closking 49 Its raining crying Alright! Just be a non-verbalist, and be blinded by a gun! Oh! Let's get a smash of mine! Let's get a smash of mine! Oh! Let's get a smash of mine! What's all it? Let's get a smash of mine! Ah! Come on! Let's get a smash of mine! Oh! I'm dying over here! I have no right. Or in these games. Everybody, you saw that! Oh! Oh! Oh! Well, there's both these words here, but I forgot it because I spoke to my fine. I went to law of losing everybody, I've never spoken to mine. But some blind-millivated, and really much like everything broke here. And much with it, and much with it. Let's get a smash of mine! Let's get a smash of mine! Oh! Let's get a smash of mine! Here! Let's get a smash of mine! Oh! Oh! Oh! Let's get a smash of mine! Okay! Oh!Could we use it to stun all of you? A hundred thousand. Paul 47 and again. Paul 47 is we have a lot of winners that have continue to International Species We done what they not provide. The one that we found was probably, not to carry out 70000 states, maybe evencritics for a couple years later and screwed it over. somebody is going to, when I'd great arm was going to be the quarterback of the offense. As a matter of fact, if he wants, you can probably start this weekend. Wouldn't you think? Sure. Put him on the bus to Cincinnati. Here is the leastest fact she says in reference to the letter from your lady list, who does not like stir and no offense. I never listened to your show before stir and came on now. I listened to Stir and in the car and it worked on the internet. I was near show. It's great. Thanks a new fan. Lisa from Margate. You love you, Lisa. How do you like that? That's one of the great facts. I've ever received in it. The same? Yeah. Well, we who know is now maybe we'll do that on Monday for a little bit. We'll find out how many new people listen to this show. Of course, during people who never listened to it before, wouldn't that be great? No, we'll just say, hold on. Let's change the poll and do it now. Oh, you're going to drive Puerto Rican to eat. I'm sorry. I think much to do that. I'm thinking already about all of this stuff. I'm going to eat this weekend. I'm going to have a great week. We're going to be eating for, right? I am. We're going to have an e-ring friends. You saw your whole whole good. I mean, I don't drink. I can't drink even if I wanted to, which I don't because being diabetic is not a good idea. And of course, eating all that stuff, I'm going to eat isn't a good idea either, but at least it tastes good. Right? Right. Richard says, I've been a lawyer listener for years. Your show continues to be excellent, right on Richard, and also enjoy George when you're on vacation, but this current format or lack of format is terrible. So it's Richard. Dick, over the years you've said hundreds of times, if you don't like it, change the dial, but in this case, we love it, but like so many other things in life we love it, but we don't know when we're going to get it. Why, a lot of us can relate to that. Yeah, let's just stop there. To some Howard Stern is entertaining to me, he is not. Please pass this side of the management. Okay, Richard, tell you's not. Leave the knee around your show alone. Here is the, here is the definitive line coming from one of our astute list. There's no less. It goes to show you. You don't have to be have some kind of a title and be some kind of a radio jack ball to figure it out. He said, leave the knee around your show alone. Stop fixing the one show that isn't broken. Says Richard. Let's hear it for Dick. All right. Not incredible. How succinctly he's summed that up there in the last sentence. Got his thumb right on it. Perfect. Okay, we got the new pull up our 18th pull of the day. I'll tell you one thing. We may not be on very long, but we sure pack a lot of crap into there. You know what? Yeah. Well, I had a pause because we haven't seen them. They just had an ad for a toilet or something while Anderson Cooper was on. They just want to sit well. What is the most overrated rock group of all time? That's the pull. We got 72 votes. On this pull just went up. The only moments ago, the grateful dead is the 17th. They're off to the races and rightfully so they suck. Rest in peace, Jerry. But I do like that cherry RSI ice cream. So many good flavors and so little time, you know. Creed 9, U27, the Beatles have got six. That's on American. Led Zeppelin 5 and Halen 5, Boston 5. They've Matthews, Van Ford, Pearl Jam 4, Steely Dan 4, sticks to the Eagles 2, which I didn't know we put them on her. How can the Eagles be overrated? Wow. Metallica 2 and Chicago. Thank God. Wasn't at any end. That guy we wanted to take his back. He was talking about us. He's talking about us. He's talking about us. You know I should cargo? I like Chicago. Talk about it off. One of the few things he don't argue about. There's a lot of stuff got very small. You know if we get Peter Satera. Well, people say all kinds of things about him but he has a wife in there. We don't want you to be a kid. We've got it all off. Oh, you got a while yet. We'll make you more bacon. I mean seriously they have so many great hits. I mean you just just the music that they've got any best part of the world of music. Now the talk about this is like three minutes. Okay, let's finish it. And then of course there's always a young kipper. In a part. Anyway, how's got it? How's it going? Well, so here's the one. I've got lots of good jerks and guys. One day he's got it. This is the first one here. Well, yep. So hey, this is a big and good thing. Now here's the way to song about time. You can debate it. You can argue it. You can deny it. You can make a case. Song it in for if you want. But this is the best song ever done by me or Anna on a page of the world. Maybe a new. From here to your ringer. Wait for you to play the play. Hold those. You just go and do it. I've got excellent talk up to my day. I did. The only one behind. Now what are you saying? You waiting for me to play what? Hold day. There you go. Talk about it. Strong opening. Rousing. This opening is a lot of solid. I'm here. Seriously, they're so good that it's scary, you know what? I mean, they're just... Oh, god. Yeah. Now I understand why so many people, somebody people would absolutely know. Okay, but then they're close. Even though I streamed. God. Oh, and John, I always feel like that John and Tommy South Carolina's is Neurosmith. John, I hope that the next hurricane comes and just blows right through your actual note and like about a half an hour. What do you? The power of sight is called. Oh, man. Yeah, you're right. See, unlike Neil Diamond, who thinks that every song he did was a classic. Every song they did was a classic. I'm listening. Do do do do do. You know, this would them all man. I'll say to that right now. He doesn't take any crap lying down. That's what does. Unlike Duff. I'm not sure if you can hear the sound of the sound of the sound. Who should I could feel we last once again? What do you need to do this? I started to lose it on this one. Here's where we went our separate ways. How are you going, I? Well, yeah, because that's one of those Peter's guitarist's. At that point it was because you know they went through a lot of changes. Oh, I think it's a hero with the lead vocal and some of the good stuff that we just got through playing. But unfortunately that that wasn't one of them in my opinion. But what do I know? I'm clean. This is good. And not good. It's great. A lot of people don't like this song. You know that though. A lot of people find this to be ponders or maybe a little seropically. Yeah, it is seroppy. But nevertheless, it's very good. It is a little waley, counterwally, depressing. Yeah. Takes forever for this, starting to sing. Really, not that Chicago has ever done that. Did we, did we, did we, did we, did we, did we, did we weathercast? I'm dying of the head. How's that hurricane, dude? And what does it done? No, when you hear him right down. What do you mean? How's weathercast? The sun is shining. It's shining. You're listening to real ruckus. Resort on the five sixties. You A M. Oh boy, it's the one to two hour. In that power company. Oh. You put the utility and utility, Florida paradise and light. There isn't a hurricane that blows as much as you. When a storm threatens, we can pound on you to turn our power off. Long before it gets in. Leaving the rest of us tomorrow at the blue flow of exploding transformers, providing us a historical perspective of 1957's technology. And in the moist heat of tropical darkness, the weakening calories in our radios broadcast your latest risk release for South Florida. That's is your trucks and crews are ready to roll from the Alabama State border. And the question in everyone's mind is, huh? So as we search for the appropriate answer to how many FPL emergency crews does it take to change a light bulb? Learn at power nights in light. This birds for you. In that power company. One of the five sixties. WCM and the good news. They're showing on CNN right now the attract. One, it looks like over the next couple of days. We have a genie. Genie might be a meanie. But at any rate, the South Florida is pretty much out of the neck of the woods out of that colon during the Jewish holidays out of the colon of interest. At any rate, it looks like maybe up there Jacksonville, uh, maybe a little South to do what? What is just South? I don't even know what's in there. Coco Beach, Titusville. There he goes. But it's like a smash by Francis Orman Beach. Oh, say not. Obviously. What is a lot of going in there? Yeah. Anyway, here's a pretty good fact. This is pretty interesting. He covers a lot of territory now. It says while sitting in my backyard on Jack surrender golf course with my CO2 BB gun, trying to kill everyone of those FN wild parats in the trees, is as I disagree with you regarding the state of South Florida radio. And he's got a whole bunch of points. Okay. One, Goldie is gone. That alone makes this the golden age of radio. Excellent point. The squeak factor was definitely reduced to considerably. Two, I like Howard Stern. And let me just, I want to say one thing that guy that called before that New Yorker, who likes this show and that's fine. But the guy that was trying to like the ego thing brought up bunch of tell Howard, I'm not looking, I have no problem with Howard Stern. He doesn't care about me. I don't care about him. Believe me. He's got bigger fish to fry than me. But, uh, it's just that's my opinion. And I'll continue to give my opinion whether anybody else likes it or not. That's what they pay me to do. And work for least two hours a day, a few days a year. Three years shows as good as it's ever been. And of course there's no question about that. Although I am out of touch with South Florida. Yeah, you can't help it. You know, Tom Jekker writing about me being out of touch because I knew the show from Toronto will go part of the year that that has got to be one of the most historical things. Talk about the podcast on the KELPINK. Man, Tommy, you are a jackass. And you're good friend of Harper who's in limbo somewhere doing the limbo rock. How come you aren't writing about that? How come we don't can get inside dope on that since you're supposed to be the radio TV Mavin Tommy, Jericho. Oh, he writes his tough pieces about every freaking stupid network sitcom. That that's only right. I think he's just getting old and fat. Anyway, four, if I want here, National Sports Show is like near Tony Bruno and Jim Roman, 1400. How sad that is. Five, if I want to hear the same people whining about Jimmy and Danny and Jay and they have on and on, I can go to 790 ESPN. Six, I don't read the hero, but I like to handle a bastard in the afternoon on 790. That is shocking. They do 10 to 20 men segments without spots. So that's because they don't have any. And if you like college football, he has on Chris Fowler while Hank when he's back has been O'Cook talking about that great Minnesota Army game 1904. And I would agree with that. Bino Cook makes me just want to barf. Makes me want to like start drinking sternal. And also it says, I even like George now sort of. Honey, like that he's warming up to your George. Oh, I won't be on Thursday. I threaten next through that. I really think it was Jim Kipper because I thought I thought being the non-Jew that I really am that Jim Kipper was always a week after Russia's Shana. But it's roughly. It's just a hero. A week. So you know what I'm going to do? I'm not going to work in a Saturday. All right. That's my very first. As my protest, all this crap that's been going down in Greg Reid's absolute indifference to our audience and me and you and everybody. I'm not working on Saturday. And I'm going to eat lots of trough on Saturday. Not only will I eat on your own kipper. I'm going to make sure that everything I eat is uncoachier. I'm going to have pork chops. I'm going to have bacon double cheese burgers. I'm going to have all kinds of shellfish. Even with stuff I don't like. They'll be selfish about it. Yeah, I'm going to go see the catfish lady. Well, I can't think of too many things more trough than catfish. Give her a cup of tropical fish. Have I had tropical fish? Right. Not that I'm aware. Like a goldfish or no, a goldfish isn't a trough. You're right. No, I don't know. What's the trough like a tank? Everybody's had a fish tank. You're right. Yeah, my god. No, never. No. No, no. No, no. Good. It's a waste of money and you can't keep them alive. But the catfish are the bottom feeders. Manic, I can't tell you what. Crawl around and eat it to bottom, but they sure keep your tank. I'm not. What? You know, Joyce is going to come over and give you what for pretty soon. You're much. She might even give you a what what? Well, and speak of that. Here's the most important story for the weekend. From Atlantic City, New Jersey, less talent, more skin at pageant. All right. I bet to the FCC is going to be pretty perked off about this. Speaking about pork. The pretty young women battling to become misamerica may have college degrees, artistic talent and high-minded ideals, but they're also showing more skin than ever before. Organizes America's pre-eminent beauty pageant whose final takes place on Saturday. That sounds like tomorrow in Atlantic City, which is a toilet, by the way. They casino capital of Jersey. They casino capital of New Jersey. Wow. Insist the 83 year old event is not an outloaded forum for busy blons with perfect bodies. In while TV viewers have grown accustomed to hearing how each content would like to change the world by eliminating world hunger or literacy, the good looks of this use contestants will be on greater display than ever before. All right. Contestants will more revealing swimsuits on stage following a tier contract with Speedo owned by Warneco grouping. The one piece or two piece suits one is bikinis. By most competitors will leave little imagination and of course some unease among the contestants, most of them are aged between 22 and 24. Oh, strong with that. That that prudes. But organizers are playing down the swimsuits same with contest showcases the talents and asks for a few days young women who want to make the world a better place and write it with their good looks. At Art McMaster at the Mr. America Organization said in the interview that the swimsuits would make TV coverage more exciting. Yeah, guys are going to be sitting a lot closer to the TVs and getting really a good grip on life. He rejected suggestions that skimpy swimsuits compromise the organization's educational goals and were to titulate the audience. You know, so fast they said that they were very very late the audience. Ignatius said the swimsuit competition demonstrates physical fitness and accounts for just 10% of contestants final score. But he can see that some contestants had complained about the suits not because of their minimal coverage they provide but because the women couldn't choose their own suits. On Saturday the final I think it would be great. Now who's going to be televising this? Do we know? I don't. Did it say in this story? I don't know which network televises this thing. But I think regardless of which one it is would be fantastic if one of them really because it's a live thing. Just hold the whole thing off. Oh, you know, you're going to be on peace. Yeah. Yeah. Winepi great. I mean might as well we can't crack down any harder than we have. Have we exactly? The winner will be Crown Miss America in 2005 receive a scholarship worth 50 grand. And quite frankly, there have been times in my life when I've been forced to watch little bits and pieces of that show. And it's great that Stevie Wonder and Ray Charles are often picked to be the judges in at contest. Man, they picked some of these skankiest nasty looking bitches I've ever seen in my life to be the winner sometime occasionally. Yes, they do. Here's one from Cindy. What we're getting a lot of facts is from ladies today. Oh, thank God. There's something going on out there. You better wake up and sniff it. That's what Cindy said. She said, sniff this. Oh, I'm the most overrated band Cindy says. I listen to you since 10th grade during the Zay the days. Love you Cindy. I've never called him but I wasn't your show. My, oh, she's got a good one too. My vote for most overrated band is kiss. Okay. Oh, well said. We were talking about him this morning. We were a me and Joshua. And what were you saying? You were, you mean you were in Joshua kissing this morning? Yeah, there you go. How was it? Yeah. Yeah. Guess he also says P. Yeah, I love it. Marty Felman, I saw. Oh, she said. I'm not playing with a game. I better get you off guard when I played the original yesterday. I thought it was. I'm really sorry for you now. Yeah, but do you have it? Not on me now. Got it. I got to write my drawers. But I'm not going to play it again. See me. It's too lazy for that. Okay. Can I get a few things in here this hour? Because I feel like sometimes I feel that the show is slipping away. You know what I mean? I mean, take a look at that already. I don't know. Huh? It's great. It's already one-on-one. We have been set down to set it. Hello, yeah. It's always like I feel myself. At any rate, but I've had sluice. What a guy. Who would say just yesterday? Mitch Lewis. What a crazy person. A wonderful guy. But I'm a crazy. Good guy. Crazy. Like Book of Brian. Chickenek. Authorities held column buying papers says this very disturbing report. Out. You see, there's the real truth and then there's the hidden truth. And then there's the public version of the truth. They're all these versions of what is supposed to be the truth. And the public rarely gets any of the real truth. They just get the water down, uh, BS version. Scented ties for public consumption. Because if we tell you the real truth about what's happening in the country and the world, you're going to start getting really nervous and saying, hey, there's some real heavy duty crap going down. And we're not too happy about it, right? Right. Like that song by Chicago. What's your? Saturday in the park. Dialogue, you clown. A grand jury said authorities would held a document showing deputies new of one cup of the Columbine High School of Gunman have been accused two years earlier of making death threats and building pipe bombs, but did not hand up any indictments. Just like the parents who I guess didn't find it unusual that they were making pipe bombs in the garage. Keep them off the street anyway. And a report released yesterday, the grand jury also said it was troubled by still missing documents. What remains the deadly school attack in U.S. history. It was at least the third investigation of place no blame for the slaughter of 13 people by suicidal teens, Eric Harris, and Dylan Kleobold. Victor the family said it would be poor confirmed their suspicions that the Jefferson County Sheriff's office covered up his days to the court of the 30s to the killers as much as two years before the attack. Oh, clearly column buying should never have happened and they don't want to public to know that said Brian Roarball want to several family members who met yesterday with a training general. Ken Salazar Roarball, a son Daniel was among the students students killed April 2019, 1999. And it's just amazing to me how the American public just, you know, life just goes on, but be put about did I say that at the time? Yes. That it was big thing on CNN and MSNBC for a couple days, and everybody all this is terrible, and it just goes on like nothing ever happened. The grand jury said it didn't end up any in-time, because all the witnesses claimed that I'm nothing about the missing sheriff's records. The records involved a draft search warrant for Harris's house a year before the attack. Salazar took the case to the grand jury after the sheriff has to investigate lies fall. The grand jury reports said the draft epidemic never submitted to a judge was the subject of a private meeting of high-ranking Jefferson County officials and law enforcement officials called a few days after the attack to discuss the document and its potential liabilities. There were, it's potential liabilities, as a result of that meeting, the sheriff's office decided against discussing the epidemic at April 30, 1999 news conference, a state district judge ordered the Afro-Avits release in 2001. Jefferson County DA, Dave Thomas, who was at the post-attack meeting, Savius today, that was the first time he saw the Afro-Avits that had not provided an up evidence to warrant a search of the Harris home. His spokeswoman Pam Russell also said prosecute as we're asked during the meeting, whether investigators should publicly disclose the document and a cartridge in a pair of three. Randy and Judy Brown who contact the sheriff's office 97.98 with complaints about Harris, including allegations he had threatened. There's some, uh, books said the private meeting is evidence of a cover up by authorities. This is a collusion. This is criminal criminal conspiracy Brown said after he is webnet with the true general staff. As usual, because that's the American effinway. 12 minutes after one at five, 60, but we got a great weekend coming up. The hurricane again, at least this one is not going to hit South Florida. Everything we can, we can stand down. Now, America can at least, you folks can stand down or lay down or sit down. Right? Oh, sorry. This weekend, go down. Oh, Joyce wouldn't be happy if I said that. We can't say, oh, down. Can we? Hello. Right now, Armstrong, four to homes that once appeared. They're lost and sell off our meeting. Oh, four is here. Just some of the great deals waiting for you right now. An old four F-150 pickup just a dollar over in voice. Some uh, newo for explorers. I'm waiting for it. Also a dollar over in voice. Ranges, crowned vigs, toruses, and focuses all waiting for you right now. And only a dollar over in voice only at Armstrong for the homestead. Plus Armstrong for it offers more value to a slow customers when you buy a four from Armstrong for it. You'll get the exclusive unbeatable tires and batteries for life program. That's right. tires and batteries for life. The value you'll get at Armstrong for it doesn't stop there either because right now they'll give your feet floor to some pests with a vehicle that you buy. If you're pressed for time like a lot of folks are Armstrong for knows your time is valuable. So just pick up that phone and give them a call and divide right over the phone. 305, 245, 2451, 12, 2451, 121, and they'll even deliver your new vehicle right to you wherever you're hanging it out. Armstrong for the homestead locally owned and operated. They treat you just like family and I guarantee you I'll bet you Greg leads life on it that you won't get a better deal on a Ford anywhere in town. No bait and switch. No phony deals. Armstrong for the homestead 307 25 South-Tixie Highway just 20 minutes south of the 836. Check them on the web at armestroncars.com. Drive a little and save a ton. Lots and lots of cash on that new Ford only at Armstrong for the homestead. Number one rated the Mo Hal and a David and his home. I don't even have children. They're above. I want your take on J. P. J. P. L. R. Is a great court of I can a good Jew. I like J. P. L. Well, not to mention he's got extraordinarily smooth the boxes. Oh yeah. He's gotta be careful what you say here. Oh, thank you. No, no wait a minute. No go. But I have nothing else to say. Oh, I was the way the down there in the mirror. I'm the right down the street from you. Oh yeah. I have to go. Oh, wait. Oh wait. By the way. No, no. I have to go. I told you what. I'll hold you over to break house that. And I'll give you one of my old tentatia. Just that. By the way. That was the only call that we had. The David's on your nose is rolling again. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. Wow. You got to say with all day. And you know that I can say And around those golden pimples. You're welcome. I got to go. Look at the mirror. You'll see a road map of Yip Silentie. You got to get your feet on. Way to side. Way to side. I know it's closed. Way to side. Almost every day. I think. And my veins. And they start the tickle. I had to go in. And the door to go in. Yeah. Oh, I got far away from back. And I'm a cosmon, a pretty old guy. And I know that still. The crippled baby. Yeah. The crippled baby. And I got to watch the stream. And say it's kind of dish that will rain. Oh, you know that will be. The crippled baby. Oh, no. Oh, no. And I. Try not to sink. Oh, no. Hey, Kelly. How about then, Panthers? 20 after one and five. 60 W to QM for our pull. What's the most overrated record of all time? Two excellence suggestions here from Steve from Charlotte. How's Hush Sweet Charlotte? Eris Apply. Little on the therapy side. If you die of bed by the way. You're not allowed to listen to air supply. I don't think anybody, even the people that like them ever overrated them. But you're a bunch of. You're just going to say, no, I realize pretty. They're up there, man. They're up there on the air. I, okay, but they're overrated by somebody. But he likes them. They're overrated. Never heard anybody. But there's a few. There's maybe. And he'll be loose and the noon. Hey, man. That's a wow. He'll be loose if ever. So I'm again, it would be much too soon. There's a phenomenon. They were bigger than life. But nobody liked them. They could find anybody that actually liked them. They're about to wreck well because you're not supposed to. Anyway, Michael Jackson, nobody likes him anymore. At least don't admit it. Accuses mom to in California, cord. They're expected in court today accompanied by members of the famous The infamous Michael Jackson family to watch his attorney fire tough questions at the Mother of the teenage boy who's the pop star. Star, child, molestation. I'm just curious. You think on the court TV right now, they might be doing a little something on this. Let's take a look. Sure, very level support. Oh, there's squeezing. I can't talk about that. What there's squeezing. Jackson's appearance at the court house in Santa Maria, about 150 miles north of L.A. Well, Mark, the first time he's come face to face with the woman since the accusation First became public ten months ago. The moonwalking entertainer. Where this is from, warriors, okay? Isn't that the moonwalking entertainer? What is that? Like, good news. That's a news story. The child raping entertainer. Yeah, the Peterfile piece of crap. The phony, Voloni, nose falling off piece of turd. Who looks like a freak from outer space. Well, likely be greeted by hundreds of fans. Thousands of reporters, maybe a freak from the moon. And a few protesters, a carnival-expectacle surrounding a normally quiet courthouse in the sleepy central California town. Jackson, the skids will withstand trial January 31 and a 10-count indictment that charges him with child molestation and conspiracy. He's pleaded not guilty. Does anybody believe that? Oh, though Jackson typically skips, I think it's a racial thing. I think it's something about the guys who used to be black and aren't anymore. Go Jackson typically skips pre-trial hearings in the case he came to court arm. We know all that. We know about the moonwalking entertainer. A yadia. Isn't that something? The cock and moonwalking entertainer. That is just... Oh and speaking of also bizarre stuff. This is just amazing. It is so perfect. I wonder if they serve happy meals and rehab places. McDonald's has hired Mary Kate and Ashley Olson to pitch his happy meals in France. Completely with the twins, online of persons coloring sets and photo albums. Is that incredible or what? Oh, it's France. To move to employ the twins, I'll guess what they call a big Mac in France Royale. I can't say I want to go to John Rejold again now. That will be strictly for people who have never left. We've never been more than 10 blocks from a home. And when they live in the States, and for people who have never been more than 10 blocks from, by all means go watch public, especially if you like a lot of stupid dialogue and really a lot of good to it as violence. Well then you should really see reservoir dogs. No thanks. To move to employ the twins who gained a start-up on the television show Full House and won a Create a series of children's movies comes as the world's largest restaurant chain struggles with its European sales. McDonald's recently said European seems to resale, Spell 9th to percent August compared with a 3.9% gain in US sales. Maybe they're on to Mac death in Europe finally. McDonald's French side shows the twins in various bread and items including the Sacanjama, Maricad and Ashley. What was that? Sacanjama? I don't know. I have no idea. That's prox stuff. Man kills me. Maricad also had been receiving treatment for an eating disorder. The summer was certainly without an eating disorder. It was definitely a drug disorder because the treatment center that she was at doesn't treat eating disorders. It's a drug we have joined. But of course for an end goes to show you what a good marketing job they did. Right? The French film for it. Here's a fact from Steve who says, I grew up loving the van Chicago. I just worked with him recently and there are only two original members left. Although the replacement members are great. It's just not the same van. Well, it's kind of like the QM lineup. The biggest problem with the new Chicago is the front of house audio. The front of house audio engineer. He's a frustrated non-musician line he bashed with a huge attitude. And PS of vote for John Kerry is vote for bringing complete sentences back to the White House. That's not a bad idea. Somebody can actually speak in our articulate English language. Abu Ghara Fred. Yeah. But America likes having a literary presence. I think I was going to speak either. And of course Jimmy Carter. He was a little bit like that. Very bright, but he doesn't really couldn't speak. Also said nuclear. Yeah, another one. Other Yahoo. Okay, let's see how the pull is coming and during last half hour we're going to add a few more names on this. And I got a couple more things to tell. I mean, I got a whole pile of bedtime stories here that I just was hoping and praying. And it's my fault. It's my bad. I got sidetracked because I was just getting more and more frustrated. We kept talking starting about what about 10 25. We thought that we got maybe the high sign, the low sign that it was time to wrap it up. Then no more stories and no more news and go home and get that off the year already. And I think the fact that they are followed by music on virtually every day, station at the run. So it doesn't make any difference when they get off the year or when they get off. And we don't, that's not us. I got a great idea. Start Monday. Music. Alright, we get the pick at the right. Yeah, you can pick it. Good. How about Wilson pick it? What is the movie thing? Overrated rock group of all time. That's our pull question on the arangers.com. 232 votes. We all we can think about it to go out and buy some of them albums and burn them. Great full dead 56 as in Q 56. Pre 26 U-21 team. Why can't stand you two man? That bono. He just believes me. Dave Matthews band 15, the Beatles 15, Kiss 14, Pearl Jam 14, Metallica 11, Boston 11, Led Zeppelin 10, Ben Halin 10, Arrowsmith 9, but that just makes me want a caca. Caca. Carrusmith has got 9 and Steely Dan's also got 7 and 9. You wonder why Burger King sells all that crap? The Eagles have got 6 sticks five. Chicago 4, Aerysupply 1 and Huey Newton. Look at that. Huey Newton. Huey Newton and Juice Newton are going to be one of the two movies. Thank you. Thank you. Crucible. Five-seven. You can. Yeah. I don't care if they ain't from my record. You do to the torture cause they're just playing their game. Oh. In the past it had to be worse with Saddam Hussein. The hitters now. It's the movie so vile. So horrific that you just can't stop watching. Alien versus sexual predator. Good one, corners. A bizarre creature who looks like he came from outer space and makes noises that shouldn't never be heard on earth. And then the other corner. And Alien. You're just like me. You're bad. You know it. You know it. You know it. Alien versus sexual predator. He couldn't be stopped by the police. He couldn't be stopped by the courts. So they set up Alien. Oh my god. What's your face? It's already gone. Oh my god. The Alien. No. My god. Jackson. Oh. Oh yeah. Food walk to a theater near UNC. Alien versus sexual predator today. Alien versus sexual predator is ready to empty DNA 13 for Michael Don't Date. Nobody over 13. What are you on? And five. Six to seventy Q a m. Pink Floyd somebody says that's an excellent suggestion. Yes indeed. I go for the. I'm a little bit of all time. Facts as I loved about until 1980. But now boring. They're kind of running away. Quick. I guess five. Five six seven. Five sixty. I guess we're going to people on before two o'clock. Right. Mad dog coming up into a clock one of his rare work days. Oh right. You don't like working on them. Jewel holidays. I'll tell you that right now. Then we got Mohore David. Of course, who was very professionally Jewish. Don't you think is Yavakowood. Look really swell on that new ball's bodies got now. Which is his entire hand. And he can just draw one on now. You know the funniest part of it is. I found this on the floor of the day under the board here. Yamika. Remember to know it's the picture of Mohood that we had on our website once upon a time. Yeah. I don't want to say who created it. But he did. He did. He did. He created picture of a ball as a bowling ball. Mohore David and of course it turned out that this was pressure. Pression. Because I can only imagine. But he probably looks a lot like that right now with thing. But I bet you he was real cute and sure yesterday with that little couple of on and he was great. 5 6 7 0 5 6 8 just give the numbers. Just get the calls on. WQAM. Hello. QAM. Yes. I'm. Hi. Hi. I'm a. Long time listener and so much. You do have another female fan out there. All right. Excellent. Um. Also I have one for your poll. How about fish? Fish. Very good. Good choice. Love you. Love you. Thanks. See you. I think she's going to bug your filter fish. Myself on just ringing. I'm really curious who that was. What do you mean? Whistle a tune. I got a phone number here. I have no idea who this is. I've never seen this number before. I have no idea who this is. I've never seen this number before. I have no idea who this is. I've never seen this number before. How about if I give the number out on the ear and then you people can call. And see who it was. Maybe it's Hank's bookie. And for those days, what we sure miss the hump. I'll tell you that right now. He sure he has heard and enjoyed his meals, man. W. Hello. Hey. Speaking. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. How's it going? Going for the ball. All right. Nirvana. Oh, I love it. I wouldn't make that maybe the winner right there. Thanks, Palette. See, there's somebody that's got the balls to say it. Nirvana. Are you in the river because you just want to be Mr. Hippen? Sure. Cool. Or I'm going back to school. How are there's another reason? They're good and you have that taste. No, I think they suck. I know. I could. You think I'm in the wrong right now, but I'm in too much of a good mood. I finally want myself from that. And we all got into because we wanted to pretend to be cool. Some of you like it because it's good. I hate it. I said, I said to Q.A.M. Hello. Good afternoon. Good afternoon. Yes. Good afternoon. I love the Chicago thing before that's my all-time favorite band. I appreciate that. And I saw them in the Miami Stadium, which is now gone in 1975. That I'm the pitcher's mound. Back home to the ball. 42 degrees. And where the hell is Hank over? I'm on TV. I got all excited. Is he coming back? If I had the answer to that man, I wouldn't be sitting here. I don't mean he's coming back. I don't want to hear what Joe Rose, but I guess that's where he's got to go. I think if you wanted to put my feet to the floor, which are sitting on right now, I would say you might be right. Yeah, well, it's sad because he's done a great job. And I enjoy listening to him. Sooner or later, Greg Reed, his motto is, When in doubt, I'll chase him all out. Greg, he's the anti-Christ. Hey, man, thanks a lot. In fact, you know something this college is solved probably been wondering for a very long time. So, remember I keep asking you why Greg, he's scratching that spot on his head. I always thought it was because there's a hole in his head, which I'm sure there is somewhere. There's got to be. That's not it. He's reaching around to find where that 66 is on there. He is the anti-Christ. And on Tikkisto. W-Q-A-M-Hello. Hey, Neil. Hey, George Howard. Yes, sir. Hey, listen. I made you a little off on this, but, uh, yesterday, you guys were talking about great race, and who was. Are we wrong? I was wrong. I was wrong. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. That's not my point. I just thought I had nice. Yeah, that's Jack Lemon. But the guy that you described as keen and win with the little mustache and the bit gapped between a seat. That's Jack Lemon. What's that? That's Jack Lemon. No, no, no, no. That's Terry Thomas. Okay. Oh, Terry Thomas. I love Terry Thomas. Yeah. Yeah. That's what I wanted to say. I love you guys. Keep up the fantastic work. Oh, by the way, Pally. Have a great day. I was saying, trying to zigazoon. Terry Thomas. Yeah. You know who Terry was? Yeah, I was. I already got funny British show. In fact, it was also a Terry Thomas harness raising driver. Two months, punta. These two were like yellow. Golden black striped. Look like a prison garb. Look like something. Look like a prison garb. Look like something. Look like a prison garb. Look like something out of the prisoner with Patrick McGuin. Number six. See, that show was only for people with an IQ over four, which really surprised me that Boygury was a big fan of the prisoner and gave me on videotape of the entire series. Remember that? Yes, I did. Wow. That was about the only good thing he ever did. Besides, tell us how's down the block for me and get to know how the hood. WQAM Hello. WQAM Hello. WQAM Hello. WQAM Hello. WQAM Hello. I want to make sure you got the whole thing out. QAM Hello. Yes sir. Oh, you finally answered. I'll hold on forever for you buddy. I mean, I'm almost at the most rang about the minute. It's a minute. I'm a little man. Okay. What do you got, Pally? Eight. I wanted to head to the nobody's up front. Step on that pretty with most overrated group. Oh, come on. He's not a group. Not a group? No, I don't know. Frank Sapphire and the mother's adventure wasn't a group. Mother's of adventure. Yeah. I want to do that. Huh? But he we Lewis on there. We're going to do that. Hey there. People on Bob and Brown. The CEO of the Q is. That's why this is not. Wow. That's just kind of blew up in our face yesterday. Yeah. Joyce is split up over here. It's too bad. Hey, Joyce. Stick it. Okay. We're sick and tired. She probably hasn't gotten laid in about seven years. Probably the biggest poodleish piece of turd that ever step face on the earth. We're tired of having her be the sensor for this show. Let's have muffs it in there with this finger on a button and keep punching it and Yankees it and twisted it. That's what Robert said. You did the whole time they were over there on a west coast. A tiny man. 20. 20. Correct. 22 till 2 at 5. 60. Q. You're listening to Neil Roger. It's exclusively. Five. Five. Five. Five. Five. 600. Three. oby. Her vinden They make those campaigns die We have the God there looks Brad's on their mom They got the drink in from their mom I wish they all could be politicians You wish they all could be politicians I wish they all could be politicians You wish they all could be politicians Wow they were everywhere Very much like kids But they have trade desire Fair furer With the promises and models They just go ahead and go to the horn One thirty four I think Gorses are going to be upset with this show I'll probably call them a carpet. I think we have too many grabs in the segment for her right approval. Anyway great white somebody says especially when playing Rhode Island it's very sick and you won't be seen in playing there no more. And anyway, and of course Gorses will probably put it on the pool. The central intelligence agency lacks the coordination, the capability to resources or the resolve to stop future terrorist attacks from Osama, Yamama, and his network a senior CIA officer be seen. My choice is bad decisions, understaffing and infighting among intelligence agencies, stifled efforts to stop Osama and his network more than three years after 9 11 the agency remains short staff. He says this is very reassuring isn't it? Yeah. In an unusually critical campaign for government employees, sure has spent much of the last three months publicly criticizing his agency. Most government officials wait until they retire as former National Security Council later, Richard Clark did. In July, sure ahead of the CIA's been lawed in unit until 1999. Published as best selling book, Imperial Huberis, why the West is losing the war on terror, then he was identified only as anonymous. Last week, sure sent the Senate Intelligence Committee a six page letter, accusing senior career civil servants of failing to ensure the optimal performance of the West Intelligence Committee and a missing opportunity to stop in Lodensal Kaita terrorist group and prevent the 9 11 attacks. Sure, this ten management and leadership problems in the letter delivered just before the confirmation hearing of President Bush's nominee to run the CIA CIA represented a Porter-Mishagos Florida, a congressional source provided a copy to the AP this week. There's been no systematic effort to groom al Qaeda expertise among directorate of operations officers since 11 September sure writes, referring to the CIA's most famous division its clandestine service. Today the unit is greatly understand because of a hiring freeze and the rotation of large numbers of officers in the United States is an great a hiring freeze on intelligence, what's supposedly the administration doing such a great job on fighting terror? That sounds good to me. He says experienced officers do less work and become trainers for officers who leave before they're qualified for the mission. Senior CIA managers running operations against al Qaeda have made more please for officers who were said they ain't getting them. The CIA surprisingly amazingly declined a comment on sure statements. Can't imagine why can you not stop? And just to be sure even though this is about the 400th time, maybe I'm exaggerating me, it's only not third man. Fallen Iraqi President Saddam Hussein did not have stock piles of weapons of mass destruction and this coming on this gallop poll shows Bush 13 points ahead. Yeah. Rewarding him for the 1000 plus dead Americans based on lies, the thousands and thousands of dead Iraqis, the chaos and bloodshed in the streets over the air media and the fact that Afghanistan is back in the hands of the warlords and the i-poppy businesses bigger than ever and the Taliban as we organize you now cut is a stronger than ever and we're making more and more young terrorists hate us like poison all around the world including even civilized people around the world. Hate America and Americans like poison thanks to al Presidente who's a thunderhead and a disaster. The top US weapons inspect your in Iraq includes that he did not have stock piles of weapons of mass destruction according to people familiar with the 1500 page report. The head of the Iraq survey group Charles Doolford will find that Saddam did not have the WMD, said it is the primary justification by the Bush administration for invading Iraq. The report will say who's saying was importing banned materials, working on unmanned aerial vehicles and violation of you and agreements and maintaining a dual use industrial sector that could in the future produce weapons. But Doolford also says Iraq had only small research and development programs for chemical and biological weapons as he put the finishing touches on his report. He concludes that Saddam had intentions of restarting weapons programs at some point after suspicion and inspections from the international community, Wayne after its stopped waning. After a year and a half in Iraq however the US has found no weapons of mass destruction, its chief argument for going to war over throwing the regime. An intelligence official said Doolford could wrap up the report as soon as this month in order to make take time to be classified, those who discussed the report inside and outside of the government did so yesterday on the condition of anonymity because they don't want to get shot. That's basically what it brought us down to them. So thanks because they value their lives and their families and their dogs and their other parakeets and their topical fish. Yeah, their guppies. Presidents and senators don't have people killed. They're neon, they're angel fish. You never had any angel fish? No, I never had tropical fish. Good. Good choice. Yeah. And especially if the pain in the ass they die like crazy when they start swimming upside down it gets to be real expensive. And also the saltwater tropical fish. Oh, man. You talk about expensive. Very, very beautiful. Have you ever seen the one of the colors horse? What are the colors? Puckies. No, you don't want to talk about. Yeah, the sea horses. Sea horses. That's right. They have the angel fish. In fact, if you want you go to pop it apart and see where the tiger fish and all the but anyway, including tonight in tomorrow by the way, Friday and Saturday, free spot, pumping apart, racing. But what was I just saying about? Oh, yeah, they're very expensive and very fragile because you have to keep them in saltwater and you got to keep the salt solution just right. Right. Man. Yeah. Exactly. I don't think we take as good care of ourselves as we have to but the saltwater or tropical fish or just regular tropical fish like neon's. Remember neon, neon, neon? No. Like to see him underwater for a couple of hours. The army is threatening American. Very important story here in your patchking around and we're sure. During show until 1245, did I? Didn't need to leave the mic open. Didn't the Howard's during show go to like about one thirty? I wish. No, seriously, here's my feeling. If you want to go over your long, how we know problems, it just go to about one thirty would be good. We're not about one fifteen so we can get all the spots. The army is threatening American soldiers with immediate deployment to a rack along with involuntary extension. Their tours of duty involuntary extension. Their tours of duty if they don't sign up for reinforcement right away. Those who don't sign face reassignment to combat units headed for the war. Wow. Wow. Wow. This is unbelievable. And we don't have the draft. We have forced conscriptions. What we've got. Sounds like to be another. Why the army confirms that a realist and a realist man drive is under way. Military brass plane. No threat to been made yet. How do you threaten me? Yes. But hundreds of soldiers from the third brigade combat team at Fort Carson, Colorado were presented with that message and a re-illistman for many series of assemblies last week. Say two soldiers refused to sign the form. According to emails received by capital hill blue this week, the same message was delivered to soldiers at other bases. A Fort Carson spokesman confirmed the assemblies and the form which he signed would extend each soldiers tour with the third brigade until December 31, 2007. They said if he refused to re-illist with a third brigade, we'll send you down to the third armored cavalry regiment, which is going to Iraq for a year and you can stay with them. Although sending to Korea order for robbing incansis where they're going to Iraq, one of the soldiers they sergeant told the Rocky Mountain News. The second soldier and enlisted man who was interviewed separately confirmed the story. Hermon Gering would be so proud. Theanted bid of the President Oh, what I did to the most once more And get to we all voted for All right, if you want this Don't throw the ball, if it's strumming, stupid Oh, what a fool I'm this drunk, it rich kid Don't throw the ball, if it's either Number them being Oh, please, President, come You don't care what it's all You got him here by hookroom drug The Christian drug Nobody knows what a person's view is But how do we feel? We've got a great leader here Red brazen and dumb Up that's all I was going to punch you off You don't need a baby You're not mine Yeah, yeah One fifty One fifty eight and five sixty WCW and now we got a great facet But I don't have time to read it About joy being an S-wife And about the whole business and it goes on And a lot of good points Here about she don't have time for the soldier What? I don't have time for that How could I read this? I got to do the pull Oh, right now Is there anything else new? Oh, I'm glad you mentioned that Because what I'm looking at right now City Post there's the digital clock And the upper right end quarter And it says Well actually it says 13 Because the rest of the world doesn't do Like the kind of time that we do We do we do military time 1358-2829 And set or us That means we got a minute in the head See, I want to tell you this right now I don't care who we're talking about You can fill in the blank When I hear somebody on the years saying Oh, we got to take a break down All right, or not knowing it It's time to say goodbye In other words, what they're telling me is they Cannot look at the log and they can't read the clock That's what they're telling me They need to be led by the nose And that tells me they're not a real broadcaster Oh, we got to break down Yeah, look at the log you schmuck And then look into clock Look into clock Here's the pull What the most overrated rock group of all time The great full dead 74 Creed 31 You too 29 Kis 27 They've Matthews band 23 The Beatles 22 That's on American man Metallica 17 Pearl Jam As in Jam on it, 16 Then Halem 13 Boston 13 Isn't that interesting? We got Boston and Chicago both on here How about that? Now this Kansas Oh, yeah, oh Kansas pretty good Yeah, air wasmith 12 Air wasmith 12 That is that's a communist pilot crap I'll tell you right now man Led Zeppelin 11 The Eagles 10 Chicago 7 Steady Dan is got only 7 Eagles got 10 Sticks 5 Nirvana 4 Pink Floyd 4 He weighed Lewis and the Nudes 4 Fish 3 and air supply 3 Out of 335 Oats And you know something? I just decided I'm like maybe two three gowns Fish would be good Bye bye I'm a rock If I had the ability to do I take you out here right now I'm tick your goddamn teeth I'm flicking me