Get push, fuck, Tomaroo! Rally Bob Gordon brings back his most beloved character for another film about America's most beloved story. Fighting Night Carl. Hmm. I reckon on fourth down you won't debunk. It's Rally Bob Gordon, as Carl from Slingblade, coaching high school football. I go to tailman, to full score to have back. I go to tailman. Hmm. Fighting Night Carl will make a quarterback sneak in the your heart. I read the rule book. I study known at quite a bit. It says a man not to block another man from behind on a kickoff return. Hmm. And don't miss coach Carl's inspirational half-time pep talk. Even you more as winning a cheerful flow game, we're all going to go out for a business and mustard. I like business and mustard. Hmm. Fighting Night Carl. Rally PG-13. I reckon no young in under the age of 13, or critis movie without their mommy or daddy. Hmm. 1045 at 560 WQM happy election day that the Secretary of State from Iowa is on a RNC and N who looks very enthusiastic he's a Democrat so he's very excited. He's 70 to 75 percent turn out Iowa they're predicting today. On press and edit. Hmm. On state and Thursday. State and Thursday breaking all time records. In fact he said they'd register an additional 20,000 people right at the very ass end there in Iowa. And that they've got even registration 600,000 Democrats, 600,000 Republicans registered. And like 70 to 75 percent turn out expected today that they're just coming out and droves all over the country. This must be because they're happy. Yeah. Yeah. I don't think so. I want to keep things going. Right. They're happy with the status quo as it rhymes with. No. We'll see. Line 9 WQM. Hello. Hey. Yes sir. New? Yes it is. Oh, what's up. Well, I was just calling because I'm on the internet and I've been trying to get you online and I can't hear you. We're not streaming yet. We are as of right now. As of right now we are checking now. Oh, it's when it's when it's out, check it out. Okay. Get back here. Think and look at a few. Oh, we got the amber Smith. I can mention that. I'm not going to. I saw him dance. I let the cat off the bank. So to speak. Amber Smith behind the meeting curtain today while you're listening to the audio. And we are streaming as of right now. Okay. So just relax. A little bit slow there in the other room. And that's because it took a while to get the operations manager off of Robert. But once we did, Robert's not here today. Off well. Maybe off who was in there. New guy. Oh, like I said. What's up? A QAM hello. Hi. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Pretty good. Okay. I'm listening. You said yesterday you were surprised by Jimmy Buffett campaigning for Carrient. Yeah. I was done. He was a Republican Jimmy Buffett. No, no. And no one casually who's always been a liberal Democrat. Oh, you got to be kidding me. We're not getting it from. He, I don't know. We used to trash. I need a buy it in the songs and stuff. Yeah. And you know, you know, you don't go to that. I had to put a well back. You didn't want to piss off his constituents in the keys. Yeah. Who's just sucking up so to speak? No. He's not even a liberal Democrat. But for him now, I like I'm going to want me to couple of cheeseburgers and paradise right after the show. There you go. I was happy. All right. I have a right thing. I didn't know that. I thought he was for whatever reason. I don't know. Because he's a good rednecky thing. He was Montana. Yeah. Rednecky thing. That rednecky thing. Too many Democrat rednecky. They might be. But they like keeping the closet a lot. Other things too. W to Q a and hello. Yeah. One sets of puss. Why were they doing that? I loved it though. 41 to 14. And might as well have been 81 to zip. That's that's the kind of contest you had. And Jay Feadler, he may be a very nice guy. But he really blows. He is pathetic. How many of the exceptions did he throw again last night? About 30 man. Jesus. What? He's pathetic. He's awful. Yeah. He's growed. And let me ask you. Josh. How come they left him in there to hold game? I mean, at half time we were still competitive. What was it? Only 14. Or something like that? And half time 17. Yeah. But it was probably a dignity thing. I didn't do anything. I didn't know he went to that church. Once that was a pretty big call. The anti-Semitic people demand. No, if you go to the dignity church you called. I mean, WQA and hello. Yeah. Yes sir. No. Happy lunch and day. I held a board of last three. I'm going to try to get you. Yeah. I touched the screen for Kerry. Yeah. I have to touch it three times. But it has to drop in Kerry's box. Yeah. And if you touch it for times, John Askcroft will have the Gestapo with your door. Check it out with your touch. Yeah. Trust me. You're laughing, but you better not answer the door for a week. I don't get you. I just wanted to. I'm not going to. Make sure accounts. That's the bottom line. Make sure accounts. Banging. Slap it. I don't get that. That's probably. I'll write you two. Yeah. See these people. It's good that this is why we do this on Lush and Day especially. Is that we get the illuminati. I mean, the lecture will crowd out there. Yeah. Well, they finally decided that the Tony D'Als is a Democrat. They've been showing the wrong parties on there on CNN every time they show the Alaska Senate race. And they've got more Kouski is a Democrat, which of course she's not. She's the daughter of the very unpopular governor. And she's a Republican. And she might get her and kicked up there in Alaska. Don't forget Betty Castro, by the way. I know she's not the all at the popular. And probably not all that bright either when you come right. That's bad. We love Betty Castro, right? Yes. She's great. She's not. What is it? Whatever his name is. Mel Martinez. Keep in mind. Okay. Mel rhymes with bad smell as you can smell your aroma coming from that spot on the ballot. Don't get sucked into that crack just because the name ends in a Z in a Z. Don't do it. WQAM. Hello. Hello. Yes sir, election central. Washington Central. Your Washington Central. I got her on the wrong. I'm sorry. Okay. Sorry. Thank God that the intellectuals all over the country are voting today. Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. That's right. You don't have to be smart, just barely breathing. It will let you vote. So I'm tempted again in the summer these are the things. But we got seven minutes. We can handle it plus the three minute break. We only got four minutes. And then we can give it to the real show. Because I'm tempted to mention about that damn soup cream court and how they keep sticking their finger with me again. Although rank was to look like his really unaway out. They're finally admitting that he's got like a very, very rare and very serious form of thyroid cancer. And when it down poor Billy Wenquist looks like he might be on the way out. That's what we're thinking. I think God's punishing him. The whole Supreme Court, did you see that like four of my God cancer already, including Sandy Gaye O'Connor? Oh good. Speaking of that, I wonder how the Chinese bull-like daughter is holding up on the lesson day. You know, Mary that bull-like daughter of the Dick and Lynn Cheney? That's the same lynchening that was right in him. Steamy bull-like novels back in the 80s. Maybe there was something relevant to it. You see the way that nice they call that? She's gay. Yeah, but they let's be called daughters of Lesbos. WQAM Hello. WQAM Hello. Yes sir. Hey, a while back I was on that fundrage.org that you were talking about. You mentioned me, Buffett. Mm-hmm. And he gave $2,000 to Bob Graham. See what I tell you. But so did you manage? And then I looked up by address and they must have the same, attorneys that because Barbara Stuyson and a whole bunch of other musicians all gay from the same address. Brown, no way. Uh-huh. So I just want to, you know, that. Well, one of you thought of Barbara Stuyson. You think it's a me Buffett, don't you? Oh yeah. Neither one of them can sing a lick. Okay, there's a song on the same attorney though. Well, that's good news. They will need it. Thank you. 560, 50560 on the Verizon and Singular Wireless Lines. Love it a clock. We'll start to show a formal if anybody's not in tune with the way we do this every day. Cause there an end whenever you feel like it was, aren't you kind of surprised in the early today? Yeah, I am really. Why? Why do you think? Well, I don't know. Maybe he had to go out there in vote several times. What he said he was going to do. I don't know. I don't know. But then even the grumpy old Don I'm a stei man voted for Carrie. Very enthusiasm. Well, he's never too jester but anything. Right. Well, I mean, relatively speaking. He was like, uh, he bullied about it. WKOM. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Election headquarters. How you doing man? All right. Listen, uh, one of my parents worked at the Carrie, uh, campaign, helping volunteer in one of the puddles. Right. And there already has shut down, uh, one of the bush people because they were in and trying to intimidate people while they're voting. Good. I hope they dragged them out of there and the current feather there has gone away to town. They got the lawyers over there and then someone from the campaign headquarters came over and the They told them to get out. Good. Excellent. Excellent. Those people got to get out and vote man. That's who we're going to lose, pal. All right. Yeah. One and out take those challenges those Republicans that are trying to suppress the vote and kick their ass out and spread that Supreme Court rolling in Ohio to hell with it. In addition to which, let me say it again. I know that this is really an embarrassment to the US of Asians with since Americans generally think they're so superior to the rest of the world, including mostly Americans who've never been out of there are too blocks away from their home town. In fact, it matters we got international observers for the first time in the history of America. We have international observers monitoring this election. I kept in them because when it comes to elections in America, man. Don't trust it. Question that smell it, sniff it, examine it, put the stuff is called right up into the What the hell? The whole situation. That's right. I'm serious. Where's Dick Daily when we need to be not? In fact, they say a pump in a park where is Dan Daily when you need to. On 560, you can aim. Speaker is dumb and they want that. Absolutely. You're gonna give yourself a whole new day call. Marlotte, you gotta remember. They're gonna like your dog. Marlotte, you crazy number. 560, you're a couple. 560, you're a couple. 560, you're a couple. 560, you're a couple. Marlotte, you're a couple. 560, you're a couple. 560, you're a couple. 1. I wanted 560, WDQ, I'm happy election day. Good afternoon, vote if you're anvt, if you're bored. Stay home and drink a whole bunch of crap. Drink a bunch of your been. Right? Alright, Poison. arsenic without the Olae should be insulin too. We can't afford another four years of this doofus and the anneal cons, okay? That is, and it would very much respect with lucky to get his ass out there before he blows the world up, okay? Which in other words, today's the day. 2851 votes on a poor form yesterday. That is a staggering number, you know? Pretty fat. Which applies to you? Already voted for Carrie, 1176, 41.2%, will vote for Carrie 1078. So he had those two together, got like 79% of this audience. Will vote for Bush 189 already voted for Bush 146, 11.7% of the audience are bush people. Can't vote 98, still low-givis Schmidt 57, won't vote 41. Undecided 28. Will vote for NATO 21, already voted for NATO 38. We are tracing those votes on our website, by the way, will come to your home and break both your kneecaps with a baseball bat, the NATO fell. 38, that is 1.2%, which is interesting because in the state of Florida, the last very last polls, NATO is pulling a little under 1%. So we're not that far off. So let's hope that our numbers here. Mirror exactly what's going to happen in South Florida, right? Right. I think this is accurate. 79% for Carrie 11% for Bush and about 1% for NATO. That's on's about right? Sure. For rational people out there. I mean, I just, I don't want to intimidate anything like that, but if you vote for Bush, you're not going to have to all the comet cleanser, all the detergents in the world, even those anti-bacterials that they have. That's not going to wash all the blood off your hands, okay? Because if you voted for Bush last time, you have a chance to redeem yourself now. Right. But if you do it again, you're going to have blood on your hands the rest of your life. Amber Smith is behind our beaded curtain today, John Ascroff, they too happy about it because he sees those boobies on there and it makes him want to grab something. Oh my god. No, not what you're thinking. It makes him want to grab one of them drapes and over her draper. Right. Anyway, Amber Smith was born March 2, 1972. She was chosen by Esquire Magazine as the first Vargas girl of the 1990s. Now her rough filmography goes on for like ever. Did end? New suit reasonable doubt? How high Tom Cancey's section, Durkin Betty, the Midnight Hour, American Beauty of course, the Red Pack Mars laws of deception, low ball. What was that Zona by? Don't know. The sweet thing together how to be a player, LA confidential private parts. That was Howard Stern's movie. Redshoe Diary 7. Mirror has two faces, the funeral, faithful and firm out with seven so on. Also was on Howard Stern Mark 2001 playing with her are just playing herself. She was on still a so stockings. God, and I love that show. I really like to show it. Just like what was his name? I was sure here. Whatever his name was. So there you go. Amber Smith is on our beaded curtain today to give you a little something extra to the titillate. Instamulate? Now, here's today's poll. Which I don't know. I didn't want to do a poll. I was all at the good. So I didn't. Well, the one we did yesterday I think maybe we should have just left it on there. But what's the point? The percentage of that change in much in this crowd. Which state do you think will be most crucial in this election? Now we know which one they're going to say, right? Right. That's what I said. Right. Florida. So and I think we need to add three to this list. Josh before you start getting busy up and calls on. Oh, look at this already. That is incredible. Wow. Practice makes perfect. In fact, you might enjoy doing this so much today. You want to do it every day again. I don't know about that. No. Which state do you think will be the most crucial in this election? Florida or Ohio? Pennsylvania, Wisconsin, Hawaii, which even though it's only got for electoral votes is shown a dead heat. Who knows if we get down in that real light light, you know what I'm saying? Don't they know? Don't care. And then I've added three more that you need to put on there. New Jersey, Michigan and Iowa, which I think Carrie's going to win all three of those. I'm very very confident about Jersey and Michigan. Iowa based on the Secretary of State guy that had on before it says they got record breaking turnout in Iowa 70 to 75% they got 90% of five percent of the eligible voters registered and 70 to 75% are going to show up today in Iowa. Heavy turnout, not good for Bush. Just remember that. Bad for Booch. Right? Right. Keep it in mind very bad before you vote again. Here's Pembroke Pine, hello. Hey Neil, how are you doing? Pretty good, pal. I just want to let you know me and my wife voted for Carrie. All right. And, please, what are you doing today or did you vote early? No, I voted today. And how was the transfer? A lot of people in line? No, pretty soon. We're pretty surprised. We got right in there and got right out. And we're real happy with that. Okay. They're all put to my eyes in the senior center. But anyways, uh, on this right there not a way care whether they're busy in their retainers. Some of them are very easy. Exactly. But, uh, I just want to say one thing. I'm not associated with the military or anything like that. But I have gone on your website and I have been, I've also lived into people from the military who've been wounded and injured for life. And, uh, you know, one thing about me, I am a big, uh, warm movie buff. What one thing is, I would not want to be in the movie. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. So, um, you know, okay, good job, pal. Whatever you said, I don't know what you're saying. Oh, I just didn't know how to express it. But, well, that he, I understand what he's saying. And, what, which one of you lunatics out there watched the sacrifice you son or daughter for the war that you fought based on a pack of lies? You see, this is the saddest thing. The rest of the world understands this. And I think most of the people educated people around the world who understand, uh, what's going on, uh, what agree with us. And that is that here's a man who ought to be facing impeachment proceedings right now. Instead, he's a hair branch away from getting we elected for another four years. There is something very, very wrong with this picture. There's something desperately wrong. Now, the media we can blame for, uh, a big part of it. There's no question about that. I'm going to tell you who's a real jackass who needs to be out of this, the piece of crap that he really is. And that is Bob Schiefer on CBS, who actually got to moderate that third debate. Bob Schiefer is a Texan who's a good friend of the bush family. Okay. Were you aware of that? No. Yeah. And last night, Dan Rathers got him on the CBS TV news. And Dan gives him a big, uh, I guess they're trying CBS try to, you know, save their ass now so they could find any more for that, uh, rather gate. Well, we turn off for a little critical analysis for one of the real experts for over 30 years now in, uh, Yadia, uh, our own Bob Schiefer. When I heard that, I nearly puked up my routine in myself. And then he comes on and goes on about, uh, but it means that it wouldn't say damn thing. And then he says new jersey, though. It says if, uh, it's very close or if you see the early returns that Bush is winning New Jersey, it could be a very, very long night for John Kerry. And that was his analysis. It could be a very long night for John Kerry. As opposed to saying, all of the trends over the last couple of days, all of the appoles in the battleground states and our showing Kerry ahead and most of them. And uh, uh, but, but that's little another because the true colors of Bob Schiefer come out there at the end. Now they're one of these phony media shills who puts on this era of wow, he's, uh, you know, great journalist and he's done partisan. You're full of crap. You're a bush liquor is what you are Bob Schiefer. You're a phony the CBS eye is shedding tears for your sorry ass phony baloney. New Jersey, my fat ass. I'll bet Greg reads life on her right now that John Kerry wins New Jersey tonight. How do you like that? Just mark that down. Here's Western. Hello. Hello, Justin. Yes, sir. Hey, how are you doing? All right. Um, I have an observation through these two campaigns. I don't know. Um, if you notice too, uh, did you notice that all the Kerry rallies were held like in, um, in, uh, CBS streets and uh, intersections and right parts. Right. And Bush's out. Well, I'll like in auditoriums and gymnasiums or whatever. We're able to heavily control the, uh, the crowd and who gets led in. Oh, sure. That's the whole deal. So, so I mean, anyway, fashion is a more spally. That's, uh, that's, uh, that's what I was trying to get at. I mean, you go always walking to a Kerry rally, but you can never walk into a bush rally. That's correct. Hey, one more thing I got a friend who was, um, extremely, uh, sworn apart and decided about his boat. And, um, I guess CBS, uh, 60 minutes ran something Sunday night and, um, he's going for Perry now. I think they're out of the yard. Um, armored, uh, beef. Yeah, well, they're about to fact that our military, uh, that they weren't, uh, providing the, they weren't giving them, uh, the equipment that they need. Well, you hear has been screaming about that for the last month. Well, he's an, and the perfect that he got one boat. Excellent. Nice job, Pally. All right. Cross your legs. Let's see. Here's the facts from Jackie. He says the hard rocker. You know, oh, yeah, I shouldn't mess again today. Since everybody's voting, don't just overlook some of those amendments. Even if you don't care about the other ones, amendment four is a no brainer. And again, more dirty tricks are going to be going on that one. You must vote. Yes, on amendment four, because the slot machines that they paramutuals doesn't mean any new, uh, gambling facilities anywhere in town in, uh, South Florida, anywhere in the state. What it does do is the guarantee and I do mean guarantee. We have been hearing those ads. We've been running in our reddit story. If you guys ago, they put it in writing the guarantee, the, uh, state education money, big, big money. We're talking about hundreds of millions and eventually billions of dollars for education, which gets stivied up over the entire state. The only reason that it's on a ballot state. Why does because it's a constitutional amendment has to be passed. They why and then the voters and date and argue to vote on a local referendum to see if they want to allow the permutuals to have the slot machines. Those evil one are bandits. Anyway, Jackie says, the hard rocker. You know, put a vote no one for an every employees paycheck. They must be afraid to transfer pay higher wages and better health benefits. Also employees would be able to pursue social restments, who it's in a state, not with a travel court. Says Jackie. See that? So the people that are telling you, vote no one for and all about the evil things that are going to have a widow slot machine. It's going to bring in drugs and violent crime and mafia. They're crazy people and all they're doing is just trying to see this is the whole thing about elections is that the people who have no real argument, all they want to do is scare people. They want to scare you. Like Chan you run around. Well, if the voters make the wrong decision, we could get hit again. The thing, the thing that he's been saying, Dick Channey, just unbelievable. You know, the one with the Bull Dyke daughter Mary, the thing she's been saying or just an immediate again gives them basically a prepass. The fear manga, that's all they got, name calling and fear manga is in distorting people's record. They got nothing to run on their own record on because it sucks. It's pathetic. It's an em, it's a humiliation and the, it's degrading. But the people were telling you to vote no one amendment for are they Mickey Eris and people, you know, you know, Mickey with this for a man. If we ever do wind up with Polkisinos and Florida, the homies out of business. Nobody in the right mind would go back there. You have to be a lunatic, a maniac. I just mentioned that in passing. So don't get the snooker in, don't get the don't get con with all the scare tactics because the only thing you're going to have is just a different kind of gambling. It places where you've already got gambling. What the other events is that make accept of course it means a lot of revenue for education, a lot of revenue for the horse, for the horse owners and people in the industry. A better quality of racing by far, which you know, can we revitalize harness and third-burgracing in the state. And then we course we got the over 275 different mortgage programs available to them. They will find a mortgage for you no matter what your situation is. Recently, they helped out a listener of ours who never dreamed that he'd be able to qualify to buy his own home. And not only were they able to qualify, and they were able to present him three options as the type of mortgage he could get. And they were closely with him to determine which one was best and then they made it happen. That's guaranteed mortgage bankers and dear field, Vachuton column toll free with positively no obligation. 1-800-734-6616. Would they look for an interest only loan? Maybe a 30-year fixed rate? I'm 30, man. Or one of the many low-rated adjustable mortgages. Garantee mortgage bankers and dear field beats has exactly what you be looking for. The offer payments as low as 3-hampton 32 bucks per week, 100 grand yvr, and guaranteed mortgage bankers and dear field beats can make not only your mortgage happen, but a great cruise can happen to you too because if you close your loan with guaranteed mortgage bankers and dear field beats, they'll send you on one of six different seven-y cruises your choice. Compliments of guaranteed mortgage bankers got it good. column now at 1-800-734-6616. Whether you're looking to buy a new home, just an investment property, or maybe refinance your current mortgage column today on the web you'll find more information at guaranteedmortagebankers.com where they'll treat you just like family. guaranteed mortgage bankers and dear field beats it's 1-800-734-6616. You're listening to Neil Roger. That's a good look to play. On 5-60-60. A QAM. I don't think I have a sit on not worried about a son of in line. It's kind of one of those exaggerations. Of course, we'll worry about a son of in line. We're on the hunt after a son of in line. We're using every asset at a disposal to get a son of in line. I don't know where he is. Nor, you know, I just don't spend on this time on. Ellen Bialis with you. And, you know, again, I don't know where he is. I repeat what I said. I truly am out there concerned about him. He looked alive and well-dominated the day. I'm trying to wrap up the blood. There's a man who's not standing here. He's not standing here. He's not standing here. He's not standing here. He's not standing here. He's not standing here. He's not standing here. He's not standing here. He's not standing here. He's not standing here. He's not standing here. He's not standing here. He's not standing here. He's not standing here. He's not standing here. He's not standing here. He's not standing here. He's not standing here. He's not standing here. He's not standing here. He's not standing here. He's not standing here. He's not standing here. He's not standing here. He's not standing here. He's not standing here. He's not standing here. He's not standing here. He's not standing here. He's not standing here. He's not standing here. He's not standing here. He's not standing here. He's not standing here. He's not standing here. He's not standing here. He's not standing here. He's not standing here. He's not standing here. He's not standing here. He's not standing here. He gets limitation. He's looking for a place where we can fall. in the Ohio case. They're going to have a dark O meter and if you're like over a five on the dark O meter right. Remember Johnny Darko? Like the Darko? I could win dope police. You know they got that same little thing there. Right. So in other words, if your skin color's a little bit too dark, then you're gonna hear a little sound. You better one boy. Oh, real. That's right. They have viz. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami? Yes, sir. Hello? Hello? Yes, I'm here to push. He's getting a boy. Why do Americans go? Who's out? And this guy is getting a boy. That way he looked alive and well and healthy and they haven't found a man because he saw a scared a boy. If there were the best way to help, he'd find the people to vote for carry to get the hell out. Right. Right. Okay. Whatever you say. So everybody vote for carry. He scared a boy because the boy just doesn't such a good job catching out. You see, actually what Ben Laden said, there was a lot of truth in it. Okay. The aboso that list the all those thousands of people in the world trade center. And how was it that the Pentagon got hit? You know, all that time, everybody, a tower's got hit. How was it that that was allowed to have a take a look on our website at Pentagon strike? Okay. And by the way, you brainwashed a little quizzing. Get back out of an animal. Go back where you came from. Okay. I'll let him think to double let you back in. There was an interesting column in PR of all play. Really? A lot of excited about about there was a Marine called up and said, I don't understand why all the bush people say that this because you've posted a lot of stories about how the bush people are actually excited about this. Because they thought they could exploit it, but it's back and blew up in a face back side. The only thing it did is remind people of where the real attacks came from. Here's Osama. He didn't look anything like Saddam Hussein to me. In fact, after they captured Saddam, they made a big deal about that. Things have gone from bad to much, much worse than Iraq. There were our grotesque, maimings and killings and bombings. Our single day there now. 80 to 90 in search and attacks every single day all over the country. And here is Osama. Right. It just like here has been saying, they took their eye off the ball. Just like Bobby Graham said, unless not on CNN, it's been saying all along. Instead of really fighting terrorism, what they've done is taking Iraq and turn into the world's biggest hotbed that terrorists like a meeting ground. Remember when they five families before your time, they had that big meeting in Appalachian, New York, and the FBI, or rated it and they arrested all the heads of the mafia families many, many years ago. That's not a state in New York. Well, this is the same thing. This is like a gathering place for terrorists from all over the Middle East and all over the world, I want to Iraq, whereas quite frankly, even Osama was a bad man. There's a lot of bad men all over. In fact, most of them we put in power in a first place. Like that Robert Teachman, we let that Vokobron sit me yesterday that I watched. Thanks again, Vokob. You're okay once in a while. That was good. Did you watch it? Yes, I did. It was excellent. Pointing out very accurately about the things that we've done, I end the Inshili and Aguadar Mala and in Panama. We put these guys in there, including Sodom and when they, we know, there are dictators, then they're good guys, and they're great, as long as it's for our financial interest. Oh, I, L, maybe. I told you this two years ago, it's all about, Oh, I, L, and M, O, N, E, Y. People are going to come out. Oh, you're wrong, Neil. It's got to do with fighting to the, and that's why Bush has made Sodonomist's business about the war in Iraq and the war on terror, which have absolutely nothing to do with each other. At least they didn't when they went in there with the Iraq attack, but of course now they do, because there's terrorism all over Iraq. Thanks to the Bushmeister. I'm going to be for the show is over. Don't let me forget. Okay. I know it's Pandoriss and we got a lot of people I want to call in and we probably get some good information like a woman reminding people to be sure and check the screen, make sure that the votes have been tabulated before you walk away. It's that rust baker article in 1999, Candidate Bush spoke a wanting to invade Iraq if elected. That's of all the things of all the Pandoriss crap that I've read on the year last couple of months. This one is the jackpot. This one tells you exactly what it is. You know, pick a place that you think could be like about a two-day war. You can go in there, you can cherry pick it, and just go in there with any. And this is why he told Pat Robertson, oh, don't worry about casual. These won't be any casualties. He really believed this. This was going to be the other Grenada. Another fokaline islands for the Brits. Just a cakewalk. Without listening to the generals, without listening to anybody. And that's why I'll get to it. I'll read it. It's pretty scary stuff and it's right on target. And your main speed media did not get to touch that with a 10-foot-to-unil what. Gary in Weston says could this be the day we find to get rid of the Crawford creep. We can only pray, Gary. I read where Osama plans on bleeding our country into bankruptcy. That's what he's saying now. Sounds like he's positioning himself for a spot in W's cabinet. And he could be the new secretary of the treasury. What's with all this pundit path where they claimed they got the exit pulling results wrong last time around that as such a falsehood? We all know the reason now all the exit pulling pointed to a Gorwin of Florida was because guess what he actually did win Florida based on the exit pulling. We know that, Gary. All the old Jews in Palm Beach let the pulling place thinking they voted for Gor. When surveyed, probably responded, yeah, we voted for Gorin and all of a sudden. Oh, we voted for Cashby Cannon. Well, don't make them a stick again, okay, and I'll balance this time. Now, here are the first poll results. These, this always cracks me up, you know? The nation's first election day votes were cashed in Canada just after midnight last night to pair mountain hamlets in the New Hampshire. They do it every year, four years. 35 votes for Bush and carries 21. Need to receive one vote. Now, if you'd suffer, you're watching the money that football the end of the game last night. They showed, did you see that Josh? I don't know, I stopped watching the third. They showed, you stopped watching that great game? Oh, I don't want to miss a minute of that. It was sensational. I loved I was squeezed myself from that game. But they showed these Yahoo's man up there in, in Hampshire. The first Tuesday votes came from North and New Hampshire community of Heart's location. 16 for Bush 14 for carry a one for later. That's pretty close to the mudwamps. Minutes later, the 26 registered voters in Dixville, notch 50 miles to North's split 19 for Bush 7 for carry. Now, in 2000, it was Bush over Gor in Heart's location 17 to 13. And here it was Bush over carry. What was it again? 16 to 14. See the difference there? It's a two. It's a two votes wing. In Dixville, notch in 2000, Bush had 21. Goroli five and eight or one. And now in Dixville, it's 19 for Bush, two less. Seven for carry, two more. And non-foranator. So I've already got a net gain of about four or five votes. There's it. I see it. Let's start counting. We're going to count the votes one at a time. Just like we get listeners here on QA, and we're going to start tabulating the votes one at a time. Here on your official election headquarters. I'll go call Google I. And this business about Jim Bush has got a 70% approval rating in Florida. Every time I hear that, based on what? Based on the fact that he lies a lot, it is a crook that he never worked an honest day in his life. Is that what it's all about? Keep it against. And he has devious plans to subvert the will of the electorate. Is that why they like him? God, what is wrong with you, people, man? That fat ass governor crook years. And let me remind you again, okay, he and Katherine Harris and Teresa Lappore. These are people who stole the election right in broad daylight in 2000. Are you going to let him do it again? That's the forgetting about any other issue. If that's the only thing that you're concentrating on today when you go to cast your vote, are you going to sit by you, people in Florida, and let them steal another one? There was a there was a guy on MSNBC last night that they were in a rocket. What do they call that freedom square, whatever it is? Yeah, whatever it is. Whatever it is. And he had a big, a huge sign. And he kept getting right in front of the camera. The whole attendee were on for hours and hours. God help us bushes trying to steal another election. And you know what sir, you are. We ain't going to happen to send. There's that simple idea that simply closet Faggot with his vote type mother took her girlfriend on CNN with Paul the Gala. And and Tucker already admitted that Carrie's been a win. No matter what he says on there now, he already admitted that. I'm with the Chris Matthews. 27 after 11 at 560 WMF, you're Harris fall out and clumps like Paul the Gala's. If you got a big ugly bald spot like Boca Brian, well Charles out the areas that I want to be going to because he's been helping the famous the in between and the infamous for over 30 years now. You would even recognize Charlie's work when you see because guess what it looks like real here. Charlie knows and you ought to do that the most critical area of any here system is the hairline and Charlie's new skin like her system is 100% un-detectable. The here looks like it's grown right out of your scalp. Charlie's work is guaranteed to he got nothing to lose but that ugly bald spot that makes you look old and grow test. He tried Charlie's system for a month from about 30 days. Not 30 minutes. And after a month if you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells, you just take it back and say here, here's your hair back to me. My money back. No problem. Make that call today. Tell Charlie heard about here on the new Roger show and you receive your special $200 discount off the regular $800 price that they amazing. Natural hairline system called toll free $1,800, $3,212413. Don't forget the secret to a really great here. System is make sure nobody can tell you wearing one because it doesn't look like a dead and Charlie's new skin like her system is as natural as you can get. Here's that toll free number again $1,800, $3,212413,1800, $3,212413, run away. Charles Alphiari.com. And Michigan. And then we're going to watch it and you see it and take back the way down. Yeah! Yeah!cribe Hey hiтьсяha! Fluffy decía you make it the call. Hey pro 거 대통령ized! That will lead you by the presto! Who bankrupt's the one! Buy him a caul eff Trick for the foastly ice axe. We get now day, I've only one day Take the world, don't forget our shit down We got it, now we're all hoping and say We got it, we won't attack us at all We got it, we're all used for our King's world We say none or none is what they got here to believe Can't get it, you're gonna move the whole party car to believe You believe, what they say, they just like the call I'm the full fool, as they give me the reason We got it, we got it, we got it We got it, we got it Oh, we got it Twenty-seven, don't know it, five sixty WQA I'm gonna get out there and do your civic duty in vote for John Kerry Twenty-sixy nine votes on the pool, which state do you think will be the most crucial in this election? Florida, but at that time 151, it probably right I don't forget you won't be getting no Florida results till 8 o'clock Because see a lot of people think Florida is an eastern time zone Well, guess what? Well, most of it is, right, but not the panic Hawaii for Wisconsin appear, Michigan 1, 1 for Iowa and nobody says jersey Nobody, except of course for Bob Sheep for unbiased Maybe 40 election, the candidates know Right, because they have their own internal poll They don't know for sure who's gonna show up Especially now that we have all the early voting going on and we have this massive turnout Vincent and truth back into the decisions of this nation There you go, and that's going John, you go, boy Howard Dean will be twenty points ahead Anyway, with less than five hours before the polls open, Republicans laid the groundwork for a possible legal challenge to the presidential election With an 11th hour law that they had, that's why they condition American public with these 85,000 terror alerts With Tom Ridge and his yellow light and red light and pink light Bull crab Oh, and I got, do I have a thing on here now? We better, I'm gonna try to get this to Eric Okay, I'm gonna break From other zones with a bushwired sure looks like it Wait until you see this picture, alright I'm telling you, and like I said yesterday, I want to repeat it again Anybody who has to be coached through a debate with a candidate When he's running for the highest office in the country This man clearly is not only a dupe, he doesn't deserve anybody's vote Someone that needs to be coached and also when he is having discussions with leaders of other countries Right, they say they see the same ball jen as back He I didn't believe it in the beginning, but then Every, when you see this picture man, right, this article which I'm gonna Loose, link it over to Eric, I'm doing a break Probably doctored by you, communist On massive photo experts analysis makes it clear bushes lying He wore some kind of device in each of the three debates So we'll want, why won't the media go near this story A leading NASA scientist who normally spends his days analyzing and enhancing photo images Set across the depths of space by the cossini and other space probes As turn his expertise to images of the president in the three debates is conclusion George Bush is obviously wearing something Probably a receiver of some kind under his jacket for each debate Robert M. Nelson who's worked for NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory The California Institute of Technology for some three decades Provided a dramatic photo of the balls under the jacket At the first debate to salon dot com which posted at October 29 Now working at home and using his own computers He's done the same analysis from other jones dot com An images of bushes back taken during the second two debates Nelson at top right senior research scientist at JPL and passed chair of the Division for planetary sciences of the American Astronautical Society Says that by enhancing the contrast and the edge definition In the digital photographs taken a video broadcast of the three debates The object of the jacket can be clearly delineated And we'll put this on our website Nelson told mother Jones dot com and the first debate The ball discreet the impression of a letter T with a small feature Which appears similar to a wire under the jacket running upwards from the right In the second and third debates the jacket has a generally padded shave across the large part of the entire back Which tapers inward toward the spine and the downward direction This is consistent with the hypothesis that a pad was inserted A pad was inserted to conceal the t-shaped device seen in the first debate How do you like that When in doubt I'm going to link it out right now Also a hundred and a or no a thirteen thousand ballots right from voting site must be recounted This was in Valusia County A glitch in a voting machine at an early pouring place in Valusia County is forcing Election officials to be kind about thirteen thousand ballots That were removed from the city island library in Daytona Beach and transport away Secure vault in the land after an optical scan machine failed You know those are those great new machines they got right we don't want to have no paper ballots or paper trail I mean that's that's old fashioned A computer error was said to be blamed for the failure of the memory card Which we record records the voting data Thousands of ballots have to be resimitted through the voting machines today Problem includes every ballot castoring last several weeks at the library When the error was discovered yesterday represented some both parties were notified Members of each political party in the canvassing board must witness the recon process two day in Daytona Beach Be viewers and the new Rogers exclusively on five six two eight This is the new Rogers show this is your brain Any questions do you love blue color TV who wants to get it? They knew absolutely hate white color TV excuse me any of you chaps game for getting her done It's the sketch comedy show about the blue blood that put the blue colors in their place It's you send there's a Larry the cable guy awaiting you with a front gate. There well release the house If you spend winners in after then summers and a half in you want to spend your evenings watching white color TV someday I have a good one for you if I pay you minimum wage to detail my Bentley you might be your right Yeah, white color TV Looking 45 times get question is Stephen Baldwin certifiedly crazy or what? No, not much about him personally. He's a crazy person. Okay. He was online. Son MSNBC debating somebody. Oh Joe trippy and he's a religious nut I'd say crazy person Stephen Baldwin. He's part of that flat earth crowd. You know the bush right when I Or Bible thumb grab the flat earth people all to tell his brother Here's a lady in the keys. Hello Yes, man. I'd like to tell you Neil that I have sent your website on to people in Ohio and Wisconsin people That don't have the advantages we do down here with your website and they are great Well, it's true that's why I'm waiting to fill day to tell you because I've been sending them articles from your website and they've gone in and researched things and Found out things that they don't hear about most small towns up there or from the mainstream media exactly and What you say on your website, sir, true, and they are starting to understand must have been happening in our country And I must tell you five of these people with staunch Republican Great and they are now today. I'm proud to say voting for change. They don't know They don't necessarily love Kerry right, but because their better informed did made a better choice and they know that we need A change in government and I think I hold you responsible for that and I'm calling you today to thank you Well, thank you and great job. Thanks a lot. Bye. How you like that? That's part of this is feel like we're accomplishing a little bit of something as opposed to the you know the heavy breeders that we hear from most days Not seriously last week or so the traffic on our website has been phenomenal. I mean just unbelievable through the roof Now I just emailed that the story with a picture of Bush and the jacket and the listening device Now I mean anybody who wants to be even a little bit subjective who's got an IQ larger than six Know that we're dealing with a man who's got a limited vocabulary in a limited They're fucked up. Okay, I'm trying to be kind. All right, but the idea that someone who aspires to be an already has stolen a presidency once and aspires to be present for another four years The idea that he needs to be coached in order to ease that spot the people around him are yeah, right like they've changed right Right Here's a call from P Ryan. Hello Hello, yes, sir For I mean it prevents why just said P Ryan. Oh, oh, okay. It's one that you know a little vote report down in P Ryan okay All four of my family got them all the vote for Carrie all right and that we also sent Catherine Rundle packing Even though you had to vote for a Republican to do it and we're standing in line in a Ryan voting year and over here from old Spanish people talking saying Oh, both for Carrie is a vote for a company to come in What is the two more companies to yeah, yeah, George can't you do something about your people or what yeah, sure Okay, this long as you said you're gonna do something. I'm fine with that good luck, pal. Hey, you take it Okay, you too. I didn't wait. I moved to Broward. Yeah, that's right. Right. Just like I did years ago got that a lot of Kindle man No speaking in place, I key so I just got them on there, man It's one of those things and yeah, you know, eventually people will die No, I was going to say anything else like anything stupid. I'm gonna like fit in or I start you know No, they just think you fit in. I hope you're there. Another 30 40 50 60 70 years All those old exileos man would at the one dimensional at bull crap and like I said the other day They get fed reinforcements from QBA and all those other no speeding waste stations with their lies near slander in their crap 24 seven The FCC doesn't care about it. Nobody else cares about it because they're speaking another language And the FCC can't be bothered hiring Spanish language people understand so they just go on and lie and swear into whatever it really want It's not There's a Dictini with a one with a bull-dike daughter that they're so embarrassed see when you stop and think about that really what a slam that is it It's kind of like the Chinese went back into their homophobic past of just a year or two ago and his whole career I mean the idea that anybody would mention that their daughter who's a gay activist no less for a very homophobic course company The idea that mentioning that is somehow a shot or a slam When they're the ones that mentioned in the first place in the interview, she's out So the idea that somebody be identified as gay is just telling you that they they don't want to offend the homophobic Flight Earth crowd which is about 90% of their vote Here's Hialia. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you doing? Sensational. I went to vote in Miami Springs and I got in line like at eight three in the morning And I was up the line. I was got finished voting at 10 20. Wow So it's really impressive how many people showed up. Hey, but that's not a lot. What was it Miami Springs in the precinct for what is it? Three 46. Well, what kind of people were there were the young people there? Well Miami Springs is a lot of Americans. Right. Well There were some old some middle, you know not some of it. Maybe some Japanese would be there to vote right But it was it was it was impressive Well good job. All right, Neil. Thanks, Pally. Back. Go over again the afternoon just to make sure accounts This business about the idea that Democrats are going to try to find dead people to vote. What's wrong with that? It's always been good enough in dead county, right? What do you think the college did county? All the it was rearranged the letters The only one to do is suppress your vote. I'm going to say it again. All you dark folks out there. I'm talking about real dark black is the ace of spades You ought to like round up about 10 of your close friends. Jam in the back of your pickup truck and get out over to your nearest polling place and demand the vote. Okay, give me all what for And also demand like some free chicken to why you're waiting those long lines, right? Right. I'm tired of this crap the idea that 16 or 18% of black America is going to vote for Bush while his surrogates are doing everything in their power to keep black people To suppress the black vote to use the exact terms. If we're going to win Michigan, we got a suppressed the black vote in Detroit. We got to everything in our power to suppress the black vote. What kind of what kind of honesty is that? What kind of compassionate conservative? What kind of bull crap? Just like Kerry said that they thought they caught them all, you know, they had that and see this is the one thing we created bothers me if we would have been Howard Dean he would have said yeah, I said and I'm minute these are the most crooked the most rotten the most miserable bastards on a face of the year he would have stood up to it That's correct, but you know Just like the fact when they asked during the debate see Kerry's got himself between a rock and a heart plays a next hour points out very clearly this crowd of neocons thought this would be a pushover a walk in a park That's right, but instead what they did is sacrifice so far over 100 American men and women Who didn't have a chance to live a life and you people sit back out there with blood the Bush people man I know we've got some listening you ought to be ashamed of yourself. How do you look yourself in the mirror? It's worth it. It's worth it. Yeah, is that what it is? They're going to make us safe from what they've done they spawn they have made the world so much more dangerous now than it was before 9-11 There's no there's no way to even estimate it to calculate he was dangerous main yeah, how right now? There's there's a dangerous man all right and he's the one that's gonna get his ass tossed out in the election today I must say find another way to steal it sovereign and believe you me They're working as I speak they're working feverishly and stay that their state every state that's within 100,000 votes to do whatever And how they can to steal it again because that was the only way they could get in in 2000 and that's the only way they'll be able to do it again Here's for a lot of deal hello You're the best yes, and I'm they have the demographic national committee I want to thank you and I mean you gave up some of your ratings obviously in the last dog we're trying to She talking yeah, but people don't want to hear and I'm hard rating I'm sorry. We don't care about me. I'm marched and you know you march and and the late 60s and early 70s I'm going to get the 18 year old to write the vote Yeah, they're talking about their man 18 to 29 year old That should that's one of your demographics and they have to assert themselves stay in line for three hours right whatever it takes Stay there that's right and say they get bored. You're just coming by with a free he's got a little bag Right he's got some good crap that he got a barbershop over there in Little Jamaica full of free chicken. I got a that's what's up Now Like a glad bag little Ziploc I'm glad I have a bag Yeah, well maybe you can get rid of it Anyway, the next down we're going to read this and I know it's long and pine risk I'm going to get a lot of calls on here today But let me just say to you right now That this story by this article my rust baker tells you all you need to know about the wise and aware force what this was all about And I'm going to read right now for those who are already turning off because they want to hear rush and his right wing propaganda that last sentence Cloting this her school which that was hired by the bushmaster himself to write the biography and then of course they didn't like what he was writing wasn't sucky enough, so they uh, they carried somebody else He says the best material was left on the cutting room floor including bushes true feelings He told me that as a leader you can never admit to a mistake her school would said that was one of the keys to being a leader And so this is why both in that one press conference they keep showing that's in the Democratic ad Where is he having an eye about why we really can't think of one right now, you know, and that one and then of course during the debate when I woman asked him And then he tried to turn it around, well I know what you're really talking about is your rack and when somebody says that to me No, that's not what she was asking. She was asking him to show a little humility and him that he made mistakes But being a strong leader and using this volony about wow he's strong He's a cowboy, he's tough on terrorism. He's gonna go out there and smoke about her their holes You can't admit no mistakes, push great leaders don't make mistakes This mark Morgan is the 12 to one hour on Q 8 M in video stores now the explosive Fahrenheit 7011 Holy moly what are you doing here? I want been a butter and jelly and and Yesterday as they're they they're they're they're okay. I'm sorry. I do not speak English, but I am shut guy Yeah, isn't shut up is in this nature. So I've shut up. Oh, I'm a Abu Abu Abu you punched her Fahrenheit 7011. I want Jack Daniel We did see for convenience Club of one or five sixty WM got the mad dog Jim managed who's gonna be really morning and grown after that last per four Letton performance last night that was pathetic And I want to let you judge that that was an aberration of Rams that had played on a mighty night game They didn't practice for two days. They got in town real late the night before again They didn't they missed a bus and that's why that often looks so sensational last week am I right you're And then they go up through to the metal lands last night play a real team and by the way the jets are good team Yes, they're real team and they get their ass just destroyed 41 to 14 my ass could have been a 14 41 to zip If they we want to do you know put the pedal to the metal anyway Ross Baker right now what we're gonna do this hour We'll do just three breaks okay can you handle that? Yeah, because we got no business today because it's election day and you know it's the second of the month in the sales department so off their feed or whatever the excuses this whatever The deal is so we'll just do three so you can take a couple of from the last breaking like spread them around In 1999 candidate Bush Book of wanting to invade a rack of elected this by Russ Baker very famous calm the threats for the times lot of other good publications Houston two years before these September 11 attacks presidential candidate George W Bush was already talking privately about the political benefits of attacking Iraq according to his former ghost writer Who held many conversations with the then Texas governor Bush and preparation for a plant autobiography He was thinking about invading Iraq in 1999 said author and journalist Mickey Horskowitz. It was on his mind. He said to me one of the keys is being seen as a great leader as the be seen as a commander in chief And he said my father had all this political capital build up and he drove the Iraqis out of Kuwait and he wasted it. He said if I have a chance to invade if I had that much capital I'm not gonna waste it if I'm gonna get everything past that I want to get past. I'm gonna have a successful presidency Horskowitz said that Bush expressed frustration and a lifetime as an under-receiver in the shadow of an accomplished father in aggressive military action He saw the opportunity to emerge from his father's shadow The moment Horskowitz said came in the wake of the 9 level attacks suddenly he's at 91% of the polls need barely crawled out of the bunker That president Bush and his advisors had a rack on their minds long before the weapons inspectors had finished their work and long before alleged Iraqi ties with terrorists became a central rationale for war has been raised elsewhere Including a book based on recollections of former tertiary secretary Paul O'Neill however her school which was in a unique position to hear Bush's unguarded numbies The publisher was William Moro Horskowitz was given unimpeded access to Bush's in two-metre approximately 20 times so Bush could share his thoughts Horskowitz began working on the book in May 1999 and says that within two months he'd completed and submitted some ten chapters with a remaining four to six chapters still in his computer Horskowitz was replaced as Bush's ghost writer after Bush's hand was concluded that the candidates views and lettered experiences were not being cast in a sufficiently positive light According to Horskowitz who's out there more than 30 books many of them jointly written out of a biography of famous Americans in politics sports and media including that of Reagan adviser Michael Deaver Bushness advisors were sold on the idea that it was difficult for president to accomplish intellectual agenda without the record high probabilities that a company successful if modest wars The revelations on Bush's attitude toward a raccoon merged recently during two-take interviews of Horskowitz which included the discussion of a variety of matters including his continued closeness with the Bush family Indicated by a subsequent selection depending authorized biography of Bush's grandfather written in published last year with the assistance and blessing of the Bush family Horskowitz also revealed the following In 2003 Bush's father indicated the him that he disagreed with the sums invasion of Iraq Bush admitted that he failed to fulfill his Vietnam era domestic national guard service obligation but claimed that he had been excused Bush revealed that after he left his Texas National Guard unit in 1972 under murky circumstances he never piloted a plane again That cast doubt on the carefully choreographed moment of Bush emerging in pilot's guard from a jet on the aircraft carrier USS Abraham Lincoln in 2003 to celebrate mission accomplished in Iraq The image instantly telegraphed around the globe and subsequent easy what house statements about his capacity in the cockpit created the impression that a heroic Bush had played a role in landing the craft Bush described his own business ventures as floundering before campaign officials insisted on recasting them in a positive light Throughout the interviews for this article in subsequent conversations, Horskowitz indicated he was conflicted over revealing information provided by a family with which he's long-time connections and by how his candor would comport with the undefined operating principles of the as tool to genre Well after the interviews in which he expressed consternation and Bush's true views experience and basic essence had he looted the American people Horskowitz communicated growing concern about the consequences for himself of the publication of his remarks and said he'd been out of the impression he would not be quoted by name However when conversations began it was made clear to him that the material was intended for publication and attribution A tape recorder was present invisible at all times several people who know Horskowitz well addressed his character in the veracity of his recollections I don't know anybody there's ever said a bad word about Mickey said very silverman well known Houston executive and civic figure who worked with him on another book project and informal survey of Texas journalist turned up uniform confidence that Horskowitz's account is contained in this article could be considered accurate One note of Texas journalist who spoke with Horskowitz about the book in 1999 because how the author mentioned him at the time that Bush had revealed things that campaign found embarrassing and didn't want in print it requested an anonymity because of the political climate in the state I can't go near this he said According to Horskowitz dredged w bushes beliefs on a rack were based in part on a notion dating back to the Reagan White House Ascribed in part to now by President Dick Cheney chairman of the House Republican policy committee under Reagan Start a small war Pick a country where there's justification you can jump on go ahead and invade Bush's circle of pre-election advisors had a fixation in a political capital at British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher collected from the Falquins war Said her schoets that were just absolutely blown away just enthralled by the scenes of the troops coming back of the boats People throwing flowers at Thatcher and are getting these standing ovations in parliament and making these magnificent speeches Republicans her schoets said felt that Jimmy Carter's political downfall could be attributed largely to his failure to wage a war He noted that President Reagan and President Bush's father himself had besides the nearly focused Gulf War one Specifically wage limited wars against tiny opponents grenade and Panama and game politically But there were successful a subset these were successful small wars and then there were cragmires and fairly George Herbert Walker Bush and his son didn't see eye to eye I know Bush senior would not admit to this now, but he was opposed to it. I asked him if he had talked to W about invading Iraq He said no I haven't and I won't but Brent Skowcroft has Brent would not to have talked to him without the old man's okay Skowcroft National Security Advisor in the elder Bush's administration penned a highly publicized warning George W Bush about the pearls of an invasion of Iraq Her schoets as revelations are not the sole indicator of Bush's pre-election ticking in Iraq in December 1999 Some six months after his talks with her schoets Bush's prize veteran political chronicles including the Boston Globes David Nyehan with his blood pronouncements about Sautamate six way new Hampshire primary event that got a little notice. It was a gaffery evening for the rookie firmware until he was asked about Sautam's weapon stash road Nyehan. I take him out Bush grin carefully take out the weapons and mass destruction. I'm surprised he's still there said Bush of the desperate remains in power After losing Gulf War to Bush's due of Bush-dunius father it remains to be seen at that offhand declaration of war was just Texas talk sort of locker room bragadoshio Or whether was Bush's first big clinker The notion that President Bush held unrealistic denying views about the consequences of war was further advanced recently by a Bush supporter The evangelist Pat Robertson who revealed that Bush had told in the Iraq invasion would yield no casualties In addition in recent days, high-ranking U.S. military officials have complained that the White House did not provide them with adequate resources for the task at hand Bush was considered himself a friend of the Bush family and has been agested to family vacation home in Kinebunkport in the late 1960s Bush was a long time-hustin Chronicle's force columnist designated President Bush's father then Congressman George H. W. Bush to replace him as a guest columnist and the two remained close since then Bush was suspended briefly in April without pay for refusing material for reusing material from one of his own columns of out legendary UCLA basketball coach John Wooden In 1999, when her school was turned in his chapters for charge to keep Bush's staff expressed his pleasure Often over her school is his use of language provided by Bush himself An a chapter on the oil business, her school was included Bush's own words to describe the Texans on profitable business ventures writing the companies were floundering I got a call from one of the campaign lawyers he said he was kind of angry you've got some wrong information I didn't bother to say what you know where it came from the lawyer said we don't consider the governor's struggle or founded in the oil business We consider him a successful oilman who started up at least two new businesses In the end, campaign officials decided not to go with her school, which is a count and more over demanded everything back The lawyer called me and said delete it, shred it, just do it They took it and the communications director Karen Hughes re-wrote it he said A campaign official arrived at his home at seven o'clock in the morning on a Monday morning took his notes and computer files However, her school which is known for his memory of anecdotes from his long history and journalism and book publishing Says he's very confident about his recollections According to her school, Bush was reluctant to discuss his airtime in the Texas air national guard and in consistently did so Bush he said provided conflicting explanations about it came to bypass a waiting list And obtained a coveted guard slot as a domestic alternative to being sent to Vietnam Her school was also said that Bush told him that after transferring from his Texas guard unit two thirds to a six-million-literate six-year military obligation to work on an Alabama political campaign He did not attend any Alabama national guard rules at all because he was excused This directly contradicts his public statements that he participated in no obligatory training with the Alabama national guard Bush's planned to fulfill his military duties been subject to intense scrutiny He's insisted in the past that he did show up for monthly drills in Alabama Though commanding officers say they never saw him and no guardsmen have come forward with such substantial rewards for anyone Who can claim to have seen Bush on the base Her school would say he asked Bush if he ever flew a plane again after leaving the Texas air national guard in 1972 Which was two years prior to his contractual obligation to fly jets was due to aspire He said Bush told him he never flew any planes military or civilian again That would contradict published a council in which Bush talked about his days in 1973 working with inner city children When he claimed we'll take in some of the children up in a plane In 2002 three years after he'd been pulled off the George W. Bush biography Her school was asked by Bush's father to write a book about the current president's grandfather press got Bush after getting a message That the senior Bush wanted to see him Former president Bush just handed it to me. We were sitting there one day And I was visiting him there in his office. He said I wish somebody would do a book about my dad He said the man. Oh, this has been a disappointing time for you, but it's amazing how many times something good will come out of it I passed it on to my agent. He jumped all over at asked Bush senior. Would you support it? And when you give me ashes to the rest of the family he said yes That book duty honor country the life and legacy of press got Bush was published in 2003 by Rutledge If anything the book's office considered the ultimate as tool to author lending credibility to his account of what George W. Bush told him Bush which is other books run the gamut of public figures including the memoirs of Reagan a Deaver Former Texas governor and Nixon Treasury Secretary John Conley newsman Dan Rather Astronaut Walter Cunningham and baseball greats Mickey Medal in Nolan Ryan After his quits was pulled from the Bush book project theographer learned that a scenario was being prepared to explain his departure I got a phone call from someone in the Bush campaign confidently saying watch your back Report his covering Bush said that when the inquired is to why her school was no longer on the project Kieran Hughes animated the hers for what said personal habits that interfered with his writing claim hers which said is totally unfounded Later the campaign put out the word that hers for what said been removed from missing a deadline He was subsequently finished the book herself and received largely critical views for itself serving qualities and lack of spontaneity or introspection So said hers for what's the best material was left on the cutting room floor including Bush's true feelings He told me that as a leader you can never admit to a mistake hers would said that was one of the keys to being a leader That's it worth reading again. I think over and over again That tells you where to mind said is that tells you this whole Republican plan of invading Iraq They thought it was going to be another grenade another piece of cake surprise surprise He can't spell quagmire without a rack Got it got it What state do you think will be the most crucial in today's election we're asking right now How many of what we got 533 and so far Florida likely expected to be 299.0 how to a 165 nobody else even close those two pencil 2023. I don't care 19 don't know 11 why is 7 7 for Hawaii. How do you like that Wisconsin's remiss you can to Iowa to and New Jersey finally has got a pair Okay, I'm tighter rambling and take a lot of calls between now and two o'clock Right right we should apologize profusely for rambling on reviewing that article, but a lot of people like her and he didn't hear it first time So if you're wanting why Iraq if you're wondering why this business sees stupid and stubborn. No kid the job dot never admitting to a mistake Nobody that's got his finger on a button. Nobody's got the kind of power that the president of the United States has got should be stupid and stubborn Sealed SS again. In fact. I think it's on your belt buckles in it the new cons 1214 at 560 WQM. It's that time here again the snowboards and relatives come pouring down from the north for the winter Well, this winter why not give them something really special a great night sleep every night on a new mattress from dialometrist They carry the complete line of betting from silly Surt a Simmons King Crow temper peaked even turns in bananas foster call 1 800 mattress right now Save up to an additional 20% off their already super low Factory direct prices on select models call 1 800 mattress right now choose the day and time for your delivery Two within eight to our window that's convenient for you any day seven days away from eight in the AM till 10 p.m. All the smart folks Some of the moderate ones are calling dialometrist because even morons know that wasting time gas and money Shlip and forbidding to barmond store is foolish The easy thing like I always do it just make that one call low prices same day delivery free set of removal It's easy to see a dialometrist is ranked number one in the world in customer satisfaction and even received the prestigious Better business bureau is torch of excellence award to call a bright now You'll be sleeping like a baby as soon as tonight in three years to come you can check them on the web at macros.com or pick up your instrument and dial 1 800 macros 1 800 m a T-T-R-E-S And now it's too late Knewt to Strong, Just as long as you don't amaze Loader C请 Tay to Hell in each family Catch the Elbilar Bosslatch's Games There's another one. Kenny Boy, Kenny Boy, like, only never heard anything, but not that name, do we? Kenny Boy, who? 12-19, all a bunch of Crooks, baby, the all- belonging and jail. Bad news, Daly Rock again, before we get to any more calls, bad news. A car bomb exploded today near the Ministry of Education in busy baggedead commercial area, killing at least eight people wanting 29 more in the north, another car bomb killed at least four people in Mosul. Meanwhile, kidnappers released two Iraqi guards who had been abducted along with an American and Epolys, a Filipino and Iraqi from a baggedead compound of a Saudi company on Monday, been released to the other house, it is just a tour wrecking guards. In today's bombing, a car leading, a car leading, I wonder he's very good. He's been leading. It's not in the Congress, it's what it says here. A.P. Tied in the concrete blast walls and protective barriers surrounding the education ministry, exploded in baggedeads, northern Osamia district. Bad news, everyday from Iraq, it's a slaughterhouse, it's a butcher shop, people are done everyday, and all those people are done everyday would still be alive. All those children and women have been blown to bits, have been sent bystanders, free to be a soldier, all that collateral damage. Okay, let's take some calls because everything is just, it smells like roses over there, and it's throwing flowers and candy at the troops or those hand grenades. Candy hand grenades. Here's Hollywood, hello. Hello? Yes, sir. Hi, this is Danny Ackens. I'm Vice President Hollywood Dogtrack and I happen to be the chairman of Floridians for the level plan to. So now I wanted to call and tell you guys thanks for the thumbs up on Amendment 4. The great amendment, it's going to do what it says it'll do to the constitution, but to prove for the first time ever there will be a restriction on this type of activity. So to change it, the other counties will always have a say. In other words, we're taking away from the legislature putting their hands at the people. Right. Did you have any any reason pulling on it to see how it's gone? Yeah, you know, we're pulling real well guys with the 18 to 40 year old, the younger folks were in the 60s, high 60s. It's the older Florida population that doesn't appear to it. I just don't think they quite understand it. I think we're going to make it though. I think we're going to be a winner. You know, something else interesting and I'll hang up. I won't hold you up too long. Okay. It's very interesting. You watch those opposition ads out there. There's vote no on for committee to mis-the mystery opponents out there. Have not filed any campaign finance reports. And when this is over, it's going to be real interesting to see where that money is coming from. You know, I am going to be. We know we know where it's coming from. You got it. Okay. Good luck, Danny. Thanks, guys. Hey, but you're okay. How you like that? Yeah, we know it's coming from the special interest on a continue raping the public without giving anything back in return to the state coffers. Mickey, Eris, and is a cruise ships nowhere. And the Indians, which aren't given any money back into the public coffers. And of course, the Bahamas that are just a bunch of sucklings down there. And it only means the Bahamas continue to exist with their, with their casinos as because of the fact that people can't go and have a good time and Florida. Slavishines and racetracks. That's all it's all about. Seven facilities in Daiden Broward, nothing else. Not one in every side of every street corner. There is absolutely no legitimate reason to vote against amendment four. Yes, vote is mandatory. Who was the dog? Yeah, right. In fact, here's a facts. Timely that he just called it is just reading this when he called Kate says to the animal rights activist. Stop fighting your own cause of amendment four is passed. The slalom machines will be the main attract and source of revenue with the tracks. Eventually limiting the dog racing altogether. I'm sure any is not going to be happier that. But that's what she says using animal rights to prevent our schools from getting better funding is just plain dumb. Our kids are more important than anything else. Vote. Yes, on four. Nice going Kate. Yes, on four, baby. We're talking about Zimian's and all this for education. He says he's got the V is plans to a subvert the world of the electorate. Your flat ass governor. Anyway, why got some other facts? Just let's take some more calls. What do you say? Like a pressure pack to hour and a half left. We're packing it. Here's a call from Miami. Hello. Hey, New York's going. All right. Just want to let you know that my young and I both are mid 20s of voted for Kerry and Good. Good. And we're on our way over to Kerry's city, Liberty city and Albertans. Let has been black folk on to the polling places. Excellent. All right. Okay. Don't forget the watermelon. Okay. President, this is and you wonder why the rest of the world hates America like poison now. I mean, you talk about a turnaround the days after 9 to 11, the rest of the world, even even the evildoers, some of them. They felt for us. They had to rock moments for America, man. And now, almost anywhere you go and you listen to the conversation, you mentioned the name bush. And they look at you like you're an evildoer. That's right. They recall and horror at what America has become. This business about being the bully of the world and doing things unilaterally. Then they got to cut it. Okay. That's not 26 past noon at 5. 60 WQ. I may be going to give you some tips and connections. He'll have a lot of time on his hand. And why you were out yesterday vacationing one day. John Henry. We always liked John Henry. Didn't we? Did we? John Henry and the Red Sox organization gave him a nice of a world series championship t-shirt. You see that? John Henry. We have boots them up a little bit. I ripped him an ass while he was here and I would boots them up a little bit. Well, whatever. And then of course, and you're the one that told me about the curch showing. I didn't know that. Me? Who told me that? I'm going to be the first one. I just didn't. Let's have a judge. Or maybe Josh told me. I don't know who that is. The picture for the Red Sox. There's star's picture. That would be me. Yeah, Josh told me that. See Josh finally got something right. And so he was given a sign that that's about well. He shouldn't have opened up a mouth in the first place. And his ankle is still swollen. He's not going to be able to appear with bush. What does he do yesterday all of a sudden? He mentioned the surprise of Paris. He's got a boot on his ankle and give him the boot. That's what I say. What all your religious fanaticism. Anyway, I'm seeing him get worked up again. I shouldn't do that. Get out there. Don't forget for Carrie several times. Yes, I'm prop four. Yes, for Betty Caster. Hold your nose and vote for Betty Caster. Please. Because she sure is howl up there. Then the alternative. Then that right wing evil. Do her melmartinus. See man. He went off the deep end. All the way. He was driving along one day and took a wild turn to the right. And he never came back. Twenty seven passed. No, well, it's a flat earth society. And it is a flat the planet. Stephen Baldwin. If you could have seen him last night, you would, you would wonder if this man belongs in a mental institution. And God is for this and God bubbly. It was incredible. He made Pat Robertson look like an atheist. Anyway, no matter what you believe about carber cleaning, I'll tell you right now. I know what I believe. And that is for over twenty years of my homes. I've used the best. Dry concepts. Nothing has changed during that period of time. A lot of inventators. And the people are coming. But dry concepts are still around doing their unbelievable. Dry cleaning of your carpets. It's an exclusive patent and method. Dry cleaning just like on your clothing sucks out the deep down dirt in the fibers of your carpet. Makes them look and smell like brand new. They smell lemony fresh. And they're drying just a couple of hours because dry concepts. If you use a rapid drying technique. So you really can clean today and entertain tonight. No rip off. No games. No BS. Because when it comes to giving your fair deal every time you can't be dry concepts. They're going to be dry written. Guaranteed price up front before they even start doing the work. So whether it's your carpeting your furniture, your draper, your expensive area and orian orrogs, please do yourself a big favor and count on your friends at Dry Concept. They are the best. In Dave Browden Palm Beach County column tool free, 1-800-248-5071. 1-800-248-5071. I know what you can find more information about the great work they'll do for you at DryConships.com. That's Dry Concepts. Making Carbets Clean in South Florida since 1979. The House's Church of Rio Rogers' mornings in Mideas and towards a realm of rock for five six hundred. Chewy ass. Do you brush back and... No. No. We're back 10 years too late. Yet that's when things were great. We're back 10 years too late. Yet that's when things were great. We're back 10 years too late. Yet that's when things were great. We're back 10 years too late. We're back 10 years too late. We're back 10 years too late. We're back 10 years too late. We're back 10 years too late. We're back 10 years too late. We're back 10 years too late. We're back 10 years too late. We're back 10 years too late. We're back 10 years too late. We're back 10 years too late. We're back 10 years too late. We're back 10 years too late. We're back 10 years too late. We're back 10 years too late. We're back 10 years too late. We're back 10 years too late. We're back 10 years too late. We're back 10 years too late. We're back 10 years too late. We're back 10 years too late. We're back 10 years too late. We're back 10 years too late. We're back 10 years too late. We're back 10 years too late. We're back 10 years too late. We're back 10 years too late. We're back 10 years too late. We're back 10 years too late. We're back 10 years too late. We're hung and was getting skeletons first. We're back 10 years off. Isn't it just good? We weren't hurt. Forget it. It's not good. It's not too bad. Well break it so you can't break it up.wise, we're back 10 years too late. Bend it down. You might return back. All of those? want to share men woman or children have had rickled shirts ain't no rickled shirt that makes a shape like that. See I thought it was a bulletproof vest in the beginning. Yeah. Because that wouldn't be so far fetched. Yeah. No. No. Pennsylvania. It shows carry 49 bush 48. So these humongous turnouts that we're getting and the 18 to 29 year vote and of course those cell phone people. You write yesterday but I had an interesting Azogbe pool. There last that I'm not how come it is that I can find it on the internet. But these people that they pay a lot of money to like a pat you can and these other group balls they have on these talking hit the networks. How come they don't see these articles? John's I mean did the first pool of cell phone people. The people used these. It was in conjunction with the rock to vote rock the remote with Motorola. And it was 55 to 40 for carry. Yeah. Which mirrors almost exactly the 18 to 29 year old pulling right now which shows 50 like 541 for carry. So we get those younger people on to vote and drove today. Which they're predicting and of course there are a lot of people say well any time a candidate to the pet it on the young crowd to come on vote they never show up they always let them down. So it's up to you folks the living and breathing crowd. Devon fact in says have you heard that in Philadelphia in two different precincts voting machines have been found with preset votes for bush. Let's see is that a two or a set 20511 place to every in the other. And that's just the ones that they caught how many you think got by how many thousand. Oh, the man. I like that. Well he's got to get a hit start that like I said the other it's his hit start program. What help. Here's the fact that says from chip. My oldest daughter is wife of a Baptist minister in a church on the shores of Okatobi. We've been arguing for the past months on the issues that always comes back to her religious beliefs and how sure she is that W is ordained by God. Delete this country. Oh my God. Oh my God. I emailed the link of W shooting the bird now she's finally disappointed not present in. Show the religious something they feel is a lit the least bit offensive and all of a sudden you have the retention. Why not tell her about that abortion that he arranged for that the girlfriend of his years ago in Texas that he drove her right to the abortion clinic. I wonder if you had this on your side a week earlier maybe I could have persuaded her with your help not to vote for this past year. Thanks anyway. Everything you when your webboys do when don't stop when was this video made. I don't know. Recent harder. I don't know. He was just fun and you know. Right. He's a fun guy. Here's a call from Hollywood. Hello. How you doing now? Thank you. Yes sir. Thanks for being here. I voted number four on the poll there by an hour ago. Yes. What's the button? Very easy. Also I'd like to say the carry is going to win. I hope so. What do you think? I hope. And I'd like to say that it was a fellow there doing some entertainment they called themselves the great ones. Oh yeah really. Five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty in the Verizon and see it over his apartment called earlier that was the Democratic whatever that I was saying. That was him. But nevertheless. Here's Miami. Hello. I need a lawyer. Okay. As far as the. We stayed is more and more right now I think is Ohio because I think he was going to carry floor to buy over a hundred thousand votes. Really? I believe me because I think in the last election. If you looked at it carry guy I mean bush guy or all hundred percent of Muslim votes in Florida. He's not going to get that this time. And I think it's going to be huge difference. There's a hundred and the Muslim poll is like ten to one for carry ten out of every one. Exactly nine out of ten are for carry and it was beyond the other way around the last time. Really? That's a huge difference. And if the turnout shows up the way they're going and if go last time took the county by forty thousand votes and lost by five hundred thirty seven. If he gets the county by some estimated high as a hundred thousand I don't think bush could cover that much that's a number to carry Florida. Yes. Especially when we get this gigantic turnout. You're the language they use for Iraq. Just replace communism with terrorism. And you see the same thing they're trying to feed you. They told you if America leaves Southeast Vietnam all that Southeast Vietnam would turn to communism. The same thing they say by the Iraqi. If we lose their terrorist movement, we cannot lose face. Same thing. And if you look at the colon power doctrine that they use in the first law for, they use seven hundred fifty thousand fruits with the world to just move somebody out. Yeah. They didn't have enough troops to go in the first place. You look at the sample of Ireland with the British British use two soldiers or policemen for every thousand. How come the media just kind of lost on by when Paul Bremer, who was their own handpicked head on to over there, came back in just a couple of weeks ago. We never had enough troops over there on the ground in the first place. We needed half a million troops for occupation in the country. The reason is because Bush given credit they soccer the media by embedding the media in the military. That's right. It's how they got them off. Yeah. Every time you say, Operation Iraq is freedom. What is that marketing tool? Yeah. You see that's exactly what it is. You know, they they soccer the media and the media is the mainstream media in the United States has to take the blame for this war. There are a bunch of horrors just like that made for TV made for CNN. If that were to pull down the statue of Sodom and then we find out later on, there was almost nobody there. And they handpicked those people to show up there. I mean, you look at MSNBC, truly still few months ago, every time they still had the flag of Operation Iraqi freedom. Yeah. I mean, could you be more embed with the administration to job of the free media? Is supposed to question its leaders, not just submit to it. Yeah. They weren't embedded. They were in bed with exactly. I mean, you look at the first president in Bush doing the same period of time. You had over 300 news conferences. This president has only had somewhere and she's going on a buy. This was in Florida. I think it's a little bit too late. You know? So, a little bit too late to turn back now. Like Cornelius brothers and sister Rose might have said, if anybody wanted to buy that record. Here's a lady in homestead. Hello. Hey, look at this. We got everything going to come on. Hi, yeah. I just want to let you know on the top of the young gentleman that just came back to my flag a couple months ago. And he has to know he has to go back again next month. And he's not know why he's there. I can feel for every mother that has kids over there. And I have an 18 year old who he's voting for the first time this year. And he's surprised me when he said he was Democrat or if a period of the way. I haven't teach him. No, no, no. Yes, yes, yes, yes. Yes. And I just want to mention now coming out from colorage that I see nice, almost two polls. And I think that's a very caring sign. Probably down the US one. Very caring. I had a lot of trouble with, you know, I thought that this could be the hardest state for a charity to win because of Jeff Bush. I care a Bush getting win nothing with Florida four years ago. He bought Florida. Thanks to his brother. He had no. That's true. There's nothing about it. He actually bought Florida nothing. Captain Harris may be gone, but Blende and a hood makes you look like a sunny picnic. Oh, yeah, yeah. But anyway, listen to what I said. We're on. I know you like polls. And I want to tonight. I took our all polls yesterday from 130 to 6 o'clock. We talked to every Bush sign and bumper sticker and every carry sign and bumper sticker. We came up with Bush 14 to carry 52. And once. Yes. So what are you talking about? Well, I'll call off the election. I think you got the number. Well, he's got. I have never in my life seen a big city two years and I've never seen such a poor, the one person's president and South Florida as I have for carry. Truck's going by with big old stickers or wrapping about carry. The black, the Spanish. They all got the truck's out with their speakers. I mean, US one is just other but I'll Democrat all the way. OK, good luck sweetheart. Thanks. Bye. 26 at 5.50. WQA. I'm Florida 410 votes, which is a few things going to be the most pivotal today. And Ohio, 2012. Now, of course tomorrow morning, early in the morning, they'll be changing votes after they. Oh, no, that's a lot more tonight. They'll be voting on there. Oh, I think it's this one. You know, I kind of have to the fact. But we'll leave it on there just to make a lot of people out there feel really smart. You know, like, Fredo. And then we'll take them off. Right? Say a few Hail Mary's. You know, see, I was sticking the deal I saw. Did you see the CNN piece over the weekend about religion in America? Yeah. I thought about eight million times. Right. And it showed the baptism thing. Right. And there is that Getsky in the water with a big white roll bond. These take in these kids and he's putting they'll do the order mouth and submerging them under the water and I did that. And I was thinking of myself, see, the difference between, like the born again, Christians is the Catholics is the Catholics have more, they have more, uh, Chachkis, right, more trappings. Yeah, they're more trappings. They got the beads and they got the, the caps and they got all the, the moisture and the, the waferers and the wine and the, uh, all of these things out of the other voice. So forget incense and, you know, and peppermint. I got to see a one thing. There wouldn't be any Catholic Church without all the boys. Let's hear that right now. Or would you hit a point? You can bet the Pope's life on it. No, to the exactly. Here's a call from Las Vegas and says, hello. Mail. Yes, sir. Uh, I'm passing by your favorite casino right now. This is, uh, Mr. Viva Las Vegas Bob Lincoln. Bob Lincoln, oh my god, a voice from our distant past. Absolutely. How do you like that? Uh, everything. It's a dead, even tie here in Las Vegas. Uh, but the, uh, the, uh, Mr. Cheney, uh, Darth Vader was in town yesterday. So they must have been worried because we had to come back. Yeah, they're worried because in the early voting in the, uh, pre voting, they had a lot more Democrats who have been Republicans like. So, uh, to, uh, over 200,000 here in Clark County voted early. So it means trouble. But of course, the big issue here is Yucca Mountain that on the stick all the nuclear waste, uh, right, uh, 70 miles from that issue. That's going to give that state to a carry. Yeah, uh, oh, they did. Well, that's good because, I don't know. I said that that issue alone. That's what's going to put carrier with the top in Nevada. Oh, yeah, well, he spent plenty of time here. He said they were back and forth back and forth. The Mac fact they showed up the same day carry in Bush and carry had way more people come out. But I think the telling factor was a Philadelphia when Bill Clinton came out and over 100,000 people showed up. That's got to tell you something. But anyway, I wanted to wish you a happy, uh, carry day on the voting day and I for Duke T. Will win and, uh, hope to see and watch Vegas soon. So how you doing out there, uh, you're losing your ass? I mean, you have it a great time. Yeah, oh, yeah, I love it. It's, uh, yeah, all those real living, breathing people and, uh, for you back some memories. And all of that. Five, six, seven. Oh, five, 60, pound five, 60, and they've arrived in a singular wireless lines almost once to make me a place of boredom, Scotty Macrovens. But I think I'll pass this time. Huh? I'm hyper-ventilating. Okay, good for you. What an idiot. Anyway, here's a call from, uh, plantation or Palm Beach, well, they both begin with a P. Palm Beach, hello. And they're not there. Palm Beach, going once. Going twice. I'll read the dirge. Let's try Kindle, hello. Neil. How you doing? Sir, all right. You're a tie. Yo, yo. Hey, I just want to let you know. I've voted for the first time. What a precarious. Yep. And proud of it. And I just want more thing, uh, Bill, I'm online, call me. Okay. All right. Whatever that means. Here's the call from, coconut creek, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, my name is Bob. The creek. Yeah. And I just want to like to tell you that I am a 57 year old Vietnam veteran. I'm voting for the first time. And I just voted for the first time in my life. I went through. I got hit by a claymore mine. I got a purple heart. I got Agent Orange, stroke cancer. I went two, three years ago. And I just got done voting for the first time, but which I am very proud of. And I voted for Terry. Oh, right. I cannot see anybody in this country voting for the war manga that chills 19 and 20 year old kids for nothing. Well said, Bob. Nice job. Yeah. And when you were, you were a blow-in-law. If you see every call, you're like, you know, you could have just warned us things got me all confused. Oh. He'll do it every time. 560, 50560, pound 560, any Verizon and Sinkin' a wireless line. I'm a little bit nervous now. Looking at that yesterday, I felt really very confident. And then I look at that electoral map today. And I'm getting a little queasy about it, you know? Just relax as someone would say. Okay. Oh, by the name of that. Because we're seeing us humongous turnout all across the country, which is usually a good sign for the Democratic candidate. Everything's fine. A while of Republicans are working feverously to try and suppress the turnout. See that in itself should tell you what it's all about. And in fact, if we're up to the Republicans, they would only allow the Board of the Christians to vote. And that would be it. Board of the Christians and Jocks. The flat earth crowd. People with IQ even lower than the president. Here's Miami, hello. Miami sounds dead as a urnale to me. Hello. Hello, yes. Yes, my name is Laura. My sister and I, Katie voted early. We actually came down from Chicago to help out with the curial election. Excellent. Speaking about dumb as a door knob, we were watching the news the other day. And the president was on a major network. And he was singing reviewed by a newscaster. And when asked what state he thought he was going to win, he was going to be said, what do you think I am? A proud not painter. Yeah, I saw that. I never wanted to. I saw that. Exactly. I couldn't find it in the dictionary. It's like the only way to get a president that knew the English language. Yeah, he's the best. So we're not. Thanks for helping us out. No problem. See you. Take care. Yeah, Illinois, they don't need their votes because uh, Kari's going to be Illinois by Zidin Miles. And of course, Barack Obama's going to whip Kalam Kee's ass. Alan Kee's, I think, is sort of viable. I think he belongs in institution. He's got a cookie. He's got a cookie. Oh, he's kind of cookie. Yeah. He's a tragic as what he is. Of course, he's not a carpet bagger. You understand, like I did yet. Here's a lady in Boka. Hello. Me or hi. Yes, man. It's a pleasure talking to you today. Yes, it is. I just wanted to give you a voting report from Fashi Staboko atone. Okay. Everybody who I was in line with, we were all for Kari. On the way out of the polls, talking to people. I'm five people so they were voting Kari one bush. So if that's the way it's going in this town here, where the wealth is incredible. Right. That's a good barometer for the money. How many young people do you see there? Because Boka generally is old Jews, you know, in the world. Not in the poll I was at. Lot of young people. Great. Lot of young people and they were all voting Kari. They're not. I took some time off work this week just to go out and get the word out for Kari. It's an important duty that we have to vote. And I vote in every election, not just this one. Right. So, you know, that's what makes America great, right? As long as they continue having them, I want to take a day for an all remaining O'Fords and stock ready for immediate delivery of not sooner. And all the O'Fives are in and ready to roll out. Plus, for a limited time, get yourself 0% financing on any of the following. Explore is a scape's focussest horses and mustangs. Certain restrictions apply. The lots that I'm strong for to homestead are jammed by crazy and with more O'Fives arriving every day. They're cutting prices now and you're going to save a ton. Armstrong Ford offers more vanity too, because when you buy your Ford there, you'll get the exclusive tires and batteries for life program. You heard me write tires and batteries for life. So, if you're looking for a new car, but I'm putting it off weight no longer because they've reached in the staff at Armstrong Ford homestead. We'll guarantee you the best price and don't forget, because they're locally owned and operated. They want to make your life long customer. They'll treat you just like family. You won't get a better deal on a Ford anywhere and town. No bait and switch. No phony deals or games. Just the best prices anywhere. Armstrong Ford homestead, you'll find him at 307.25. South, Tixie Highway. That's just 20 minutes south of the 836. Check them on the way at ArmstrongCars.com and then travel little and save thousands on that new Ford. At Armstrong Ford of homestead. The right wing is drilling it over and over it to our head. The hatty rack has some weapons of past destruction. I'm dying off the hand. Holy worse. Dead bodies, they're scraping off every day over there. And we don't want you to see that anymore that we want you to see those draped coffins of the kids coming back. They didn't Vietnam and body bags. That's that's not good for business. So shame on the medium and you people are a bunch of lunatics. Much of crazy people, much of total sellouts. Including you Bob Schief in there on CBS. I hope they out they drag your ass over to New Jersey. Okay, hang your ass from a tree. Turn over. Oak tree. Yeah, just as ass, not the rest of them. That's probably what he's doing right now. I'm dying off the hand. I'm dying to be a little bit darker. Five, see you weren't supposed to let me get all whipped up into a frenzy now. Oh, come on, it's fun. Oh. Five, six, seven. And see, might as well do all of this have he do these stuff because we can't play anything anymore anyway. We can't do the fun of games stuff we use to do. Right. So might as well be screaming and Halloween and pretending we're going to make a difference. Might as well be doing that. It can even play all parts out anymore. That's the kind of comfy living right now. Can't even fart. And if you do fart and it's the wrong flavor, man, they're going to come knock it on your door three o'clock in the morning and take your ass away. Just to make sure you don't do it again. Oh, look at this. Did I want the internet connection dropping off? It's been going on for over a week. Well, nobody's been telling us about it and how come this is going on? And you better raise holy hell about it in there or not. Oh, yeah. Also, where's my cheap gas? And I'm glad that this bachelor sent this in because thanks again, Mr. President, for those low gas prices. Okay. And only now as we're approaching election day, we're finally added here today. Only now do we see this grow test-pressible. I'll drop in to a little bit under $50 a year old. Dropper like a rock, like a rack. And they keep talking about it last night. You know who they had on Pallas on a bob grain. We did a good job. Even though he's kind of boring listening to in this town hall meeting and Kassimir, whoever was. Ralph Reed. You talk about a little nasty BDI evil do or right wing son of a bitch. That's Ralph Reed for you. And he starts giving a son of that. It's about all well everything's going so great. And the audience was like hooting and how really we're almost boot him off the stage. And then he went into this emotional thing about why we went into a rack. And how we have to spread democracy and how the people are going to get a chance to vote. I'm thinking about how about the people in Saudi Arabia, you great robber. How about your business partners there in Saudi Arabia? Shut up, Kami. Yeah, and Egypt. And Jordan are those people getting to vote? No. You bet your sweet ass they're not. The whole thing with his bush family and the Saudis. I'm so glad that the Kerry people it wasn't really them was one of those 5.27s that ran that campaign that was bad. Right about Bush and the Saudis man that co-sub relationship. That's where the trigger in the sand pile is right there in Saudi Arabia. We are like I've told you a million times and I'll say it again. We ought to be over there right now. I asked and how come George Herbert Walker Bush was meeting had that meeting with a car allow group and Bush's brother was in an admitting on the morning of September 11th. What were they talking about, you think? So when people tell you a business deal gone bad, or whatever it was really all about, you ain't heard nothing yet, okay? Why do you think they were so desperately trying to avoid the 9-11 commission? Any other investigations? That's just what you're like. Because they lie and they lie and colon pile who comes off, he comes off man like squeaky clean every time because he's got that little light tan. Is that what I mean? Think he's black and he's just got a sun tan. Maybe too much time in the desert without a map. Lie like crazy and here's the map. And they got all of these holding up their little test tube. Got only knows what was in that test tube. I'm afraid even conjecture with that might have been. Problem is after one is five, 60. WQA in right now I want to tell you about our good friends at guaranteed mortgage bankers in Dearfield Beach. With over 275 different mortgage programs available to them, they will find a mortgage for unemeter watcher situation is recently they help one of our listeners who never thought he'd be able to qualify to buy his own home but guess what? Not only were they able to qualify and they also were able to present him three options as to the type of mortgage he could get and they were close to with him to determine which was best and then they made it happen. Like Chicago said, we can make it happen. That's guaranteed mortgage bankers in Dearfield Beach at 1-800-734-6616 where they're looking for an interest only loan a 30 year fixed rate or one of the many low rate adjustable mortgages. guaranteed mortgage bankers in Dearfield Beach has what she need in fact. They offer payments as low as 332 bucks for every 100 grand you borrow. guaranteed mortgage bankers in Dearfield Beach can make it happen for you too as far as your life because not only will they take care of your mortgage but they'll send you on a cruise. That's right after closing your loan with guaranteed mortgage bankers in Dearfield Beach, you'll be able to choose one of six different seven-night cruises, compliments of guaranteed mortgage bankers. So whether you look into purchase and new home and investment property or just refinance your current mortgage, these are the people who are going to be happy to do business with 1-800-734-6616 around the wicked web as guaranteed mortgage bankers.com where they'll treat you to this like family. guaranteed mortgage bankers Dearfield Beach column today 1-800-734-6616. The first time I've ever seen a new home in New York, New York, New York, New York, New York, was a remake of a reggae hit called Past and Koochi. Well, and Koochi was a marijuana cigarette. Gene Dipwad is the head of the cultural anthropology department at a major university, which makes it okay for him to talk about black people. I'm talking Mary Jane. Ha, she's a reaper, a doofy, a cappocal gold, a tystick, a tystick. I'm sorry, I carried away there. So musical youth changed it to Past and Koochi, which is a big iron cooking pot. For his doctoral dissertation, Professor Dipwad went into the field to record a 1980s rust gathering, documenting the effects of both the original version of the song and the musical youth remake. First, Ash and Mikuchi. And now the same rust gathering where they are passing the Doochie, a boiling hot cast iron cooking pot. Music, we only hope they were high enough to kill the pain. It's a big juicy sobbing went look at show business. Tonight, uninside the behind. On 18 at 5.56, you have to hear my thing. We got you, Joyce. I think we finally figured out a word that you can't send. At least not yet. Doochie, Master. Doochie bag. Or Dutchie bag. No Doochie bag, I like that. Anyway, in 133 votes on a pool, which state do you think will be the most crucial in the election day. They're turning out and record numbers from coast to coast from pillow to post. They're lining up like crazy, which generally don't mean they're real happy with a status quo. Florida, 479, Ohio, 241, and that's it. Basically, our audience thinks it's them too and after that it's small taters. Pennsylvania 31, don't know 29, don't care 28. Hawaii 10, New Jersey 5, Michigan 4, Wisconsin 4 and Iowa 2. I could have probably put Colorado New Mexico under two, but why bother, right? Right. No. New Mexico. I think Kami's going to win. New Mexico last pull against you as a little bit ahead. About six votes. Here's Hollywood, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, Neil. Just one way. You know, anybody that hasn't voted yet, Imperial Point. You can go both there. There's no line. Okay. And I also seen the greatest campaign poster. Yeah. Said both Bush was a chainie. I'll go a Simon once too. That's all I got. Okay. What? Here's Harry North Miami who says, speaking about sheep's connection to the Bush family is brother Tom Sheeper, former President of the New York Rangers is long time business partner George Bush and you were absolutely correct that. A story on it last week. That is correct. Tom Sheeper off. If it's close to New Jersey, your Bushman is going to be a long night for Drunker. That that was the essence of his analization. Okay. And I think analization is the operative term in terms of Bob Sheeper. Who are you kidd man? Chai, it's just amazing. And then Tim Rarsita of course, it pretends to be a journalist. And when I think he came out about the device on Bush's back. And the fact that he was being coached during the debates, he left them get away. Mark Rassico, you know, that the BDI, uh, Nazi Vermont. Right. That's the one. Pernaus Roscoe. Whatever the hell his name is. So he gets signed. And then of course, all he always do is make a joke out of it. Oh, no, he was talking to people from Mars. You know, it's a big joke. You're in his life. To him off the hook and he, you know, gets all red face again. Like he always does Tim Racer. Because he's Irish and probably like, who's his pretty good course of here from Buffalo. You'd lose it up good too. Five six, oh, there's Colorado. Now, watching officials say they have never seen anything like this before. Good. See that with an air state. Air, we state they're turning out in droves. And let me just tell you, I didn't say Carl Roe. I said, Drow is in drove them out of the White House permanently. And we'll never let right wing extremist back in. Let me say it one last time. Okay. Unless you're a right wing either mid-and-air or right wing Bible-thumping flat earth lunatic. You have no business whatsoever. Vote for W for these band of Mary Nazis. Okay. He's better on terror. Yeah. Terror. He, terror is the word. Every time I think of him, terror comes into my heart. Terror. Here's a call from, what is it, Dania? Hello. And you, how's it going? Okay, sir. Uh, first off, I'll get the last caller says something about no lines at a point. You have to pull in your district. Don't you today? You can't you go to one end? Yeah, you can't just go to one end. Yeah, you can't just go to an empty one. I mean, uh, right. That would cause big problems. Um, another thing, uh, did my part, uh, we can have to go vote for Carrie. And my cool bunny to wife voted today for Carrie. Oh, right. So uh, yeah, we're making him with you now. Exactly. And now to this electoral, uh, vote site you got here? Yeah. You know, it also mentions if you read below that they used a gallop dog be yesterday in Ohio when Wisconsin. Uh-huh. Hey, today though, they're using Fox News slash opinion dynamics in Ohio and Wisconsin. Why are they doing that? Okay. Who? Why? I think I, I guess the reason I do that is because it's the most recent pull. I think that's what it is. It's the most recent pull. They did the same thing in New Jersey. New Jersey. They're using a strategic vision. And there's an R and parentheses next to it. So, you know, you know, that means your public importance. Yeah, exactly. And, and, you know, if you look at the New Jersey breakdown, it's 42, 42 and 1. So you're telling you that there's 15% in, in, in, in, I lost everything man for Chris Cross. I'm holding up across. Hold on up. My big crucifix to keep away the evil spirits. Okay. The spirit of Christ compels me. Oh, yeah. The religious thing, man. That's the biggest problem of America. And I'll say it again. You weren't there yesterday. I want to repeat it for your benefit. You know, Lindsey Graham from South Carolina that Julian Redneck Senator from South Carolina. Yeah. He was on with one of Larry King's panels over the weekend. Whatever the hell night it was. And inadvertently, here's this born again. This Bible thumb and little redneckie a torpe from South Carolina. Who looks a lot like Bob Neal from Cross broadcasting, real redneck. And he said, he's talking about Iraq and the whole thing with the terrorism and civil, the whole thing is about religious fanaticism. That's what we're fighting. Oh, yeah. Yeah. And if I thank you, Lindsey Graham for being a one person that's got to all's actually say that. Because carry unfortunately, every 10 to bring a religion he feels he's got to be in a peeing contest with Bush to see who can make the most of the call. I talk about everything that's been going to be a good thing. I understand this from God all the other because that's the American effort. Wait, you can't indicate you're not as devout as the other guy. But what happened to guys is like I said. But there's little redneckie Lindsey Graham even a redneck Yahoo like him those. It's about religious fanaticism, not just meaning extreme Islam, but of course religious fanaticism of any other kind, meaning Orthodox Jews born again Christians, Bible thumb and little to take still want to bring us back to the flat earth days again. Hey, buddy, uh send a message up to a Daniel Cohen the a retard who keeps vaccine continuously. These are really childish drawings. Stop. Daniel Cohen. Yeah. I'm going to tell you, I'm going to take away your scissors if you don't cut the crap out, Danny. Now, Karen and Voidens is wondering about Bob Sheefer. Check out the above website link, ThinglyHower.com. His brother is a bush appointed ambassador was a partner of WMD is in the Texas Rangers. Karen says, carry an alliance line. Nice going, Karen. And Paul says all over the place, but I feel better after that last call or because he makes a good point. And that is that that, uh, electoral mapping they use all different kinds of pools. Right. Kind of like a scourine used to. We'll see her no more. Paul says, I waited two hours to vote this morning. A lot of day lakes. The weight was made a little bit easier by the antics of neutral observers. One of them was a wannabe condo commando. They were wearing white windbreakers and wearing sunglasses. The only thing missing was the plug in the ear and he would have sworn they were from the speaker at service. Oh, great. If the, if the challengeers don't get you, then the condo commando is will. Oh, I proud to say I voted Carrie Edwards and four amendment four vote early enough and says, Paul, a long time. Mr. Thanks Paul. Love you sweetheart. Good job. I'm feeling pretty good about it right now. You know what? Not, yeah, I'm not confident. I am. Like I said, I'm feeling very confident that somebody's going to win. 26 past one at five, 60 WKM and you shop for quality footwear great selection professional service on beatable prices. There's only one place people love to shop as brandy shoes and pop at a beach. No off brands, baby. None of those shoes that nobody ever heard of before. They have the top quality names. You know and love and your feet love to rock ports. Floor shine. S.A.S. Spirit, Timberland, naturalizer all the other top names in the shoe brandy. This is open every day from 9 am to 9 pm. Monday through Saturday and every Sunday 10 to 5 am. You'll find them at 12.90 north federal highway and pump out of beats. They've been going strong at the same location for years and years while the other shoe folks have come and gone when they drop the other shoe brandy is still going strong. And right now is a great time to buy floor shine all this week at brandy's because all great men's styles are an extra 20 percent off the already unbeatable prices. So be sure to come and restore this week or visit on that wicked web at brandysshoose.com. Count the vote count the vote baby count the vote count the vote count the vote count the vote count the vote baby count the vote count the vote count the vote count the vote count the vote ever since this presidential race we did live off in one dude who was going to win some poverty's people went to do their voting joy so count up all the ballot and then find out who's got more those old folks in the have one thing in common looks like lots of them just give their votes to Patrick you can so I'd like to know who won the election yes I'd like to know who won the election count the vote baby count the vote over count the vote the final tabulation started coming in then I saw a new splash on channel 10 some may repeat for all the give them in a bunch they said they were confused and didn't know which all the punch those old folks in the have one thing in common looks like lots of them just give their votes to Patrick you can oh my god oh so I'd like to know who won the election said I'd like to know who won the election oh right like to know who won the election yes I'd like to know who won the election count the vote count the vote baby count the vote all the count the vote count the vote baby count the vote count the vote all the count the vote on man if we're bush count the vote on man if we're gone count the vote on man if we're bush count the vote on the air in and more count the vote the men's up to the end of count the vote in plumber saw a mile police said a crew flyer telling Republicans to vote Tuesday and then we're crest of old Wednesday was a pearly distributed in some areas. Okay. Oh they're cute. Wow anyway polls open early the day to long lines of voters some of whom had camped outside overnight waiting to catch the ballot and one of the most tightly contested presidential elections at recent history how many votes they're going to win by but third man candidates bush and carry prepared to wait long wait out the long day of voting even longer than I'd a ballot counting president bush cast his vote in corporate Texas this morning at the Crawford Park Department of his ranch he entered the polling place with first lady Laura bush and the two obnoxious drunken daughters now pay down that is two obnoxious drunken daughters strategies from both parties agree that the election will hinge on voter turnout both have invested heavily during the campaign to get out the vote efforts uh new voter signups could make history it says here I didn't like that. Democratic child just entered a John Kerry started his day with campaign events in Wisconsin as scheduled a vote he already did we just got through seeing it at the in Boston one o'clock afterward and a personal election day tradition cherry pines that have launched at the cities union oyster house. I wonder if that's kind of the old New England oyster house but I was a chain was great I'm sure it's not. Kerry kept campaigning to his starting his day with events in Wisconsin as by reporter what his thoughts are now that the campaign is finished Kerry applied it's not over yet still working till 8 p.m. tonight he said you go John here's the fact that says when I heard Bob Lincoln I got a chill so when are we going to Vegas again? oh yeah my answer to that is the man with the eyeball is shining the eye getting ready for recon and Palm Beach the judge with the eye with that wicked eye they're still showing at this year over and over again. Sure he was great. Kerry and peppermint said the season might be cancel the S. yes on that bring back the brainstem no on that and the gojets did you hear did I hear you say mad dog was a bush man and he still has hope for the off of the well what he claims to be but I don't believe it I don't believe it I don't we give money to Bob Graham and he goes wanted but that because Bobby Graham was a Democrat but nevertheless those dogs have got to put up that big facade oh I'm for Bush he's great our commander with chief I'm a Republican I'm Macho I'm Macho yeah that's not what I hear five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the Verizon and singular wireless lines here's the lady in Del Ray Beach hello hello yes man I knew I'm a first time caller long time right I'm right seeing an adventure Del Ray away and I wanted to say I have never voted in my twenty nine years of life and I've been in fire by you good and all the evil doers of the world excellent and I hope John Kerry wins because if he doesn't we'll be speaking abonic if George for you don't hear it as a win I'm going to have to meet a lot of you folks at the border when you come up here well I thought I had to say and I wanted to say one last week George Bush to do fact okay thanks hi she said George Bush is a duty bag is what she said that's right past that we haven't in that childish way to dump that nicely the young way to like that hey George we can't stand you honey okay over there in Naples Joyce Joyce the word police the Nazi police well you talk about what what fact that just came in it says it's pretty simple the selection president Bush is spending billions of dollars in Iraq to secure oil for his fellow warlords excuse was the twenty nine hundred people were killed in the earth don't get me wrong I'm sympathetic all the tragic losses that came in so many manifestations agreed that they have continued to occur but doesn't someone on the level of the capital understand they were pouring money to a rack by the billions and that it isn't even adequate to protect their own troops the US troops that were once considered invincible and now viewed as ill-equipped while in the meantime we're forcing the young in the world of our own country in the hunger misguided education misguided leadership unemployment despair hard-a-dictipression when will the emperor restore the empire said i think around ten thirty night he'll be done the emperor will have no clothes all we might have one of them wires on his back just keep looking at the pictures on our website we need to take a look at no seriously you're laughing at it yeah well here there's another one in shell out of shardos Vietnam and not as war against terrorism i can still i just don't see any indian inside i think you could see vola this is pathetic this is so sad the blacks and Jews for Bush man i'm gonna say it's like blacks per day but do can use for Hitler same different there is no difference whatsoever a sellout man and establishment sellout there to be a shambi what's his name Armstrong William something like that he probably just painted on he probably is white as the fallen snow probably did that dark face here's more lottery hello hello yes sir yes sir i'm both for carry i'm a my name is Gary Martin for law down the former marine and a lot of us that's our forecarry right my opinion my opinion is Jewish Bush he has a punk and a con man the punk is honest horse and not your from governor of California if he don't look like a fire he talks like one he's on the forces they roll you know i've done you guys to got former mayor of julian and you are didn't want to respect for his leadership and everything else but he must have to the way his interview was on the uh on sixty minutes yellow date torches like a common very fast yeah i've answered for us on our front of his mouth like the godfather yeah you know he talks is a common right then you had kitty color who is all Matt Laurel the uh the today show news George W. Bush is in camp Davis snorting cocaine why his father was president of the not estate right you know and he's quick-tricked but after paper in the snort cocaine i hope Jim Terry i hope carry wins and how well Jim Terry wins it makes a lot of funny faces for us to it give us a look better since the humor 21 till two is a good Canadian boy by the way Jim Kerry what's wrong with Canadian for American president what do you say a lot of John's question i'm telling you what they may not John Cricin but at least he was one of the first ones to uh i didn't take a genius to figure that said that public big Bush was a moron and remember all what do you you know don't realize it but the crap that he took here for that and then his uh one of his assistants said the same thing and she was absolutely correct okay Canadians around the bush they understand the French the Germans the uh the British forget about Tony Blair i'm talking about the British people the Italians the Spaniards that voted the election was all sway based on the fact that they want any part of this crap the Spaniard the Spaniard the espai whatever the hell they are the katalan the the dane the seeds that are regions the fins the Ukrainians the Polaks all of them they're on to it how come it is that there's somebody stupid stupid i'm gonna tell you get it that good old time religion again oh he said my god they're just as dumb as he is that's what it is the flat earth crowd the hate mongers iris tax problems have away ruining all aspects of your life you knew that they can take a tool on you financially physically and emotionally can never really forget about those iris problems they come back every morning when you wake up in a cold sweat but cpa g any buck wall tax from can up you and your iris problems forever and give you back some peace of mind that's why other types cpa and law firms are further clients to the buck wall tax firm when they've got iris problems why not avoid potential criminal prosecution get all your unfile tax returns prepared even if you lost all your records suppose you have an iris lean a wage levy or payroll taxes and penalties maybe you'd like to settle for thousands less than you owe or need time to pay whatever your problem is the buck wall tax firm can help you out they offer free initial consultation affordable and guaranteed fees and immediate if not sooner relief from iris harassment and best of all you never even have to meet with iris because the buck wall tax firm handles all meetings and discussions you don't even have to be there so column today no obligation call nine five four five seven five twenty hundred and they'll straighten you out nine five four five seven five twenty eight hundred whether you're ten thousand or a million iris taxes the buck wall tax firm can help you column today for that free consultation or visit them on the web at iris freedom.com and stop worrying about the iris knocking at front door down call nine five four five seven five twenty eight hundred you're listening to meel Rogers excursively a place you can land so that you can of course is that at those meetings with the invasion of Iraq and the dividing of spoils with promised that it oil cartel p s where is Harold Stassen and Pat Paul someone you need them well we may not have them shambles we got linden la ruse right yeah so it is an all doom and gloom and then rather and then boxy for right whose brothers of business partner abortion that's ever and so on but nevertheless don't confuse people with the facts we know that bob sheeper is really very very right on the middle right not sure hey bob we don't wish any health but if you're croaked them are we'd have a party I think we can have like a double a dual use party in a celebrate carry victory in bob sheeper croaking which state you think of either most crucial in this election is our poll question nine hundred sixty three votes florida five thirty five oh hi oh two eighty four that's it notice who we had a very buddy also I just cast by ballad by donors carry this rose it's a great gift to mark democracy this campaign has been an amazing journey a wonderful journey the American people have opened their homes their hearts thus all of us they brought us in share their struggles and now the campaign comes to an end of the American people are going to decide I'm very confident that we've made the case for change case for trust in new leadership the new direction of West side but what's really important is that both of us have been I love this country it's really important that people go out and vote and it's fresh there love for our country no matter who they vote for in our content and hatred for George W. abortion is made in the onassis let me just say that whatever the outcome tonight I know one thing that is already an outcome our country will be stronger our country will be united and we will move forward no matter what because that's who we are as Americans and that's what we need to do and I want to thank each and every one of you for your part of this journey it's really good experience there you go John Kerry just voted in the Massachusetts how you like that oh back yeah pretty you know just what they always say all the old trichely says what he should have said is Bush wins it's gonna be disaster here we still got some time here right right it's still got several hours that's exactly what he should have said that's what how our team would have said how our team would have kicked some serious ass he said boy if you don't vote for me man if you put that lunatic that lying a drunk that the coke snorting drunk back in there for another four years we're gonna go to hell in a hand basket but we have to be very refined and very dignified because it's America here's a call from Hollywood hello when the Clinton lied nobody died the people know that they think what he and okay what he hey what he let me just say this he'll pay if you died you would bob sheep around the same day sounds like a hell of a package deal here's Miami hello yeah sir great show is all in yes it is let me die I'm feeling so much better than four years ago the afternoon in the election how about you why do you say that four years ago yeah well you know you were still thinking at this time whether Florida was gonna go who knew I you know I kept carry ads is act together and I wanted to say that any of the doubts that I had uh whispering into a zeer and his rear and he still winds up getting trampled in all three debates by every single count every poll you went online after those debates and it was like just overwhelming until the free-fruits got on overnight early in the morning I was making it look a little more respectable but it was overwhelming then he got trash and that's something what does that tell you you talking about a guy that's got an IQ larger than his thumb size giant carry against the guy that always points he's in a minus column that was then saw best then a box of freaking rocks this is what you can relate to might's been that color we hit after the 2000 let's remember I'll never forget it and you told us he voted for Bush over Gore because he just couldn't relate to those people who voted for Gore well if you after all of this after things like Abu Garra right if you can relate to the people who are voting for Bush well all I can say is exactly anyway it's uh one fifty two a five sixty wqm have you want to know more about following a low car of diet if you want the best tasting the biggest lesson low car foods at the best price here's a story you are absolutely gonna follow them low with the lights of west book I've been telling you about them for a very long time when you're starting or restarting any of those low carb diets the atkins of the sugarbusters south beats any low car of sugar free diet this is a story you're gonna love because their entire store is dedicated to you unlike your supermarket that's got like maybe part of one shelf with a few low car vitamins on it and that's it the lights entirely like I said is devoted to you with zillions of products over 1200 products in stock low car goodies that you really enjoy give you variety and taste like carbohydrate ice cream breads pasta chockets brownies cookies and lots more the lights is open every day seven days week from 10 an a until 10 p.m. you'll find your lights on the northeast corner of glazed in 441 right next to Boston market or column full free at 1 877 low carb that's L.O.W.C.A.R.B. or on the wicked web it's low carb dot com don't forget love stores with similar names but there's only one delights of west booker and it's your official atkins retail center well done climb to five six eight where did that extra spot come from what a spot well go in and over to bed sorry my dog not get out there and vote do a course once we're hearing what's the redwood what's the deal what's the joy what's the joy it was for theself So if you get by I'm just a body of pride You're born in the sun I don't have to leave you, I'm dead in my heart I don't have to leave you When I told you to take me to the power of the sun I don't have to leave you I don't have to leave you Think you're the one who's been grown I don't have to leave you, I'm dead in my heart I don't have to leave you When I told you to take me to the power of the sun I don't have to leave you, I'm dead in my heart Don't you feel good for us here The position, the other world The new accounts, the same as the new everything The new everything The new station and the green The new airport is second on We have a home that the thousands of times don't have What do you think is your�inar? You think you're the one who's been grown All that matters is the right way The rest of things are just put on your dreams We have to stop this change We have to stop this change We have to keep proof Come, come Now toividades I'm gonna be a little bit more I'm gonna be a little bit more I'm gonna be a little bit more I'm gonna be a little bit more I'm gonna be a little bit more I'm gonna be a little bit more I'm gonna be a little bit more I'm gonna be a little bit more I'm gonna be a little bit more I'm gonna be a little bit more I'm gonna be a little bit more I'm gonna be a little bit more I'm gonna be a little bit more I'm gonna be a little bit more I'm gonna be a little bit more I'm gonna be a little bit more I'm gonna be a little bit more I'm gonna be a little bit more I'm gonna be a little bit more I'm gonna be a little bit more I'm gonna be a little bit more I'm gonna be a little bit more I'm gonna be a little bit more I'm gonna be a little bit more I'm gonna be a little bit more I'm gonna be a little bit more I'm gonna be a little bit more I'm gonna be a little bit more I'm gonna be a little bit more I'm gonna be a little bit more I'm gonna be a little bit more I'm gonna be a little bit more I'm gonna be a little bit more I'm gonna be a little bit more I'm gonna be a little bit more I'm gonna be a little bit more I'm gonna be a little bit more I'm gonna be a little bit more I'm gonna be a little bit more I'm gonna be a little bit more I'm gonna be a little bit more I'm gonna be a little bit more I'm gonna be a little bit more I'm gonna be a little bit more I'm gonna be a little bit more I'm gonna be a little bit more I'm gonna be a little bit more I'm gonna be a little bit more I'm gonna be a little bit more I'm gonna be a little bit more I'm gonna be a little bit more I'm gonna be a little bit more I'm gonna be a little bit more I'm gonna be a little bit more I'm gonna be a little bit more I'm gonna be a little bit more I'm gonna be a little bit more I'm gonna be a little bit more Thought-thru