That's right. But I feel as if straight is one. I see. Holy Macanon, this is Joe Bow on the voice of the Toronto MNL. And you're listening to the hockey authority Neil God. Get ready to rock Saturday, March 30, second. The wheel of American Idol is coming to town. Finally, I love you. And I take you over, bye I'm overaly. I'm on a back". I can't hold with the ground. I get up on Sunday to drop my arm. I was gonna ask is where you hung what we can't see that no more can we? What do you think? What do you think? What do you think? I think you should be able to say yeah. Two minutes after 10 is 5 60 WCM got some sensational some fabulous news for you right off the bat. You know what it is? The baseball game? Ryan! It is Marlins baseball and 1250 10-0-1. Yeah! I thought you said you weren't going to remind them that the beginning of the show. No, I am reminding you it puts me in a really good mood. Yeah. Screw them. Anyway, we got the header mills today behind the BDC for those of you 18 plus or maybe you know like very close to 18 like 18 in a day or whatever. Those of you who lie a lot like our government. Miami-Herole, I'm fascinated by their webpole on their website every day. Get somebody votes they have on their webpole today which has to do with this story. We'll get to that in a minute. Sure more Massachusetts to Miami soldier who served six months in Iraq and then refused to return after leave say yesterday. I can no longer be an instrument of violence and turn himself into military authorities. Staff Sergeant Camila Mejia, an actual dragon for three years after three years of active army duty, explained his decision to see conscientious objective status at an event organized by peace activist. Time not against the military the military has been my family. He said my commanders are not evil but his war is evil. I did not send up for the military to go halfway around the world to be an instrument of oppression. Well said Sergeant Camila. So the Heraldpole is about what do you think? What do you think? What do you think? Guess how many votes are on the Heraldpole? No. No. No. Oh, I'm sorry. 13. One of which is mine. Go to little crazy. Unlucky 13. So maybe you want to go on the Herald Web site. Click on words as news. And you'll be very quickly. You'll see the pole there. I don't want to waste my time reading it. Well speaking of polls. Bush moves ahead of carry which is really scary. This is the CBS News poll. Two weeks ago it was carry 47% in the same poll and Bush 46% because the polls across this time of the year, all over the place. Now as a one was this poll taken towards. Well the poll is this thing is like 8,000 pages long. Let's see it. They should have it on here. They ought to. Oh man. This is the most recent poll. But I don't see it. No, we're on here. Well this is the very latest. From CBS News. Right now it's Bush 46. Carry 43%. So Bush hasn't gained any. But carries lost 4%. Where do you think those 4% probably went George? Gee, I don't know. Maybe the route later. Oh, which goes to show you no matter how stupid and stubborn people were 4 years ago. They still want to be stupid and stubborn this time. Including Ralph later. You idiot, you asshole. So there you go. But that's kind of mean. It was right now. The asked is your mind made up. Now of everybody 71% said yes, which leaves you a percent that are still on the side. About 30 man. Pretty close to it. Carry a voter 70% of them are absolute rock solid. Bush voters 76% rock solid. They're going to church right now to pray for them. And then it's got a whole while I'm not going to waste my time with it. And I'm not going to even put it on the website because it pulls it all over the place this time. Let's take a look at our pool from yesterday. Which they hated. They hated that pool. But we still got about almost 1400 votes. What do we get? 1386. That's not too shabby. It's not our usual stellar total. It's certainly a little bit more than the Harold. They prestigious Miami Harold. I don't think anybody really reads the Harold. You know what? I don't know anybody who does. Let's see. What is this thing? Please read this off the ear. You are the best. I've rescued countless pets. My kids are my kids. It's a comedy. What is this? Please read this off the ear. It's a terrible. But what are we doing all the year anyway? Should I? I don't want you to. I have a request which I doubt can be fulfilled. But I'm going to ask anyway. My best girlfriend. Oh, this is almost like the one I want to go to lunch with the Sean and Hollywood. It's a great answer. It's much better. Is it? Sure. My best girlfriend who thinks the world of you has been a Neil Rogers die hard for many years is slowly losing her battle with breast cancer. I'm very certain here that I can. Well, why you have to read this on the ear? This is sad. Yeah, it is. So the why are you having we read it on the ear? You're some kind of a sadist. Yeah. I've known her for 15 years. She is a fat my fag hag. What does this mean? I don't hear her. I don't hear her. He's called in fact you show countless times. Well, this is terrible. This is a very sad thing. And you're encouraging me to read this on the ear. Don't blame me, whoever said this to me, Tony. Blame George. He's a prick. I'm setting up the lunch for you. And I'm not going to lunch with anybody. Okay. I'm sorry. I'm very sorry to hear this. It's bad news. And I'm in Toronto anyway. So I'm not going to be going to lunch with nobody there. I may be going to lunch with my sophomore day at 12.50. But I wish you all the best. And I'm sorry to hear this. Anthony. It's sad. Tony. And her name is Barry. I wish you the best Barry. But what am I? Why did you do this to me? This was, you know, let me ask you how much was that washer drag in $14. Well, Josh told me why you were taking a dump until he's paying the balance. But of course, it's going to take a many, many years to save up that much. They're 800 and 36 bucks. 10% of his total. Don't do that again. The guy is serious. It's a sad thing. She's dying for our chance. And you're making a joke out of it. I didn't see that part. I just read. Oh, I see. You didn't see that part. Yeah. Conveniently you didn't see that part. That's a good experience. Get to the end. Well, don't skip to the end. Don't be like jumping around. Readiness and reading. I've done that. There was an article I started reading last week. One day on the earth said, what is it, a great article? And I had tried to always read. I can't always read the whole thing because so I'm our long. But I tried to at least make sure I get to just the whole thing. And then I realized it was a piece of crap. It was a bunch of right wing propaganda. I did that all the time. So I'm sorry, Tony, that George is an asshole. But he just can help me solve it. I apologize. I apologize. Okay. Here's our season. We're making a joke out of that. I can't help you. Okay. Let's see. How come I don't see the pull result? That's because they're all looking at the head of the mills again. Wow. I don't see that. Huh? Internal server error. Oh, mine doesn't even see anything. I just want to black because they're all looking at Heather Mills naked. And they want to see them movies. No, that's one. That's great. Oh, they want to see them. Okay. Right. I'll be back again. I'll let you know. How the pull came out from yesterday. This is really sad. This is prophetic. You know what? A lot of two things. Number one, a clearances an asshole. Hey, Clarence, we really would like to know. And I mentioned it to tough. But of course, her ex-cuses, she was on a bus mentality in Orlando for three days. Wasn't working yesterday. But on Friday, Clarence did mention he'd gotten a lot of calls and emails about Joe and Mark. And it would be nice if he'd given us up an update. And I am two ways. Number one is the very new one at situation. And number two is getting a big response. I mean, I would be a nice thing to know. Is opposed to treating us like a mushroom and keeping us in the dark. Which is the QNF in way. That's what they always do. But of course, parents this morning was a wall. He was not around. No way to be found. Internal server error. The same crap. So I'll give you to be solved from yesterday's pull when it's good and ready. We'll get around with. Well, we can see it. First though, here's a, you know, the other thing I was going to say is, how many people do you really think? What percentage of people? I mean, talk is cheap. Everybody belly X. Oh, we're pissed off. They took Howard Stern off here. Who was the number one rated show in a market? Right. Number one in a minute in a morning by far. Get a 10 shares. Sometimes 11 or 12 shares. Like we used to in the glorious days before Greg's crew to station up. But at any rate, here with the number one, the most listen to station in the market. They just disappeared overnight because cheap channels so pious. It's so much holier than now. They're peeing in their pants. They're going to lose all their licenses. And where's the response? I'm not sure they got a lot of letters and, you know, stuff like that. But our people like marching on a cheap channel building. No, they are protesting. Oh, you know, I mean, we put the seven, the eight cheap channel south photo stations. I guess we'll find out when a book comes out, right? I guess April 1st. And this is no fool. And that'll be the next trend. But it'll really show when April 29th when the winner rating book comes out. And then we'll see whether people are going to put their ass, whatever mouth is. Oh, here it is. Here's if I do it quickly. We can give you a pull result from yesterday. Just pop up. What website do you like best for news and information? Theorragies.com. We didn't want to put it on her because it looks self-serving. But we did anyway. 590, 42.1% thank you. I don't read the internet for news and information 209. I just want to see about a lot of boobies. It's wedgport.com 108 which shows that we had a lot of people out there who are like gossip columns and no interesting hard news. Buzzflash.com 69. Common Dreams.org 60. Smirkingchip.com 59. I don't want to like bust their balls or anything. I did make them a nice donation on Saturday and I support them a thousand percent whether they ever linked to us or not. But I noticed they haven't done that yet. Maybe they're getting around with you. Nope. You don't think they're going to give us a link. A thing on there would like a links to the left and radio and TV in this place in that place in this publication. They're not going to give us a link. Why not? Smirkingchip.com 59. I like them anyway. They got great. I don't feel the boy.net 36. MichaelMord.com 36. F-A-R-K got it. F-R-K-Com 31. The BBC 28. Saland.com 26. Smoking.com 25 right wingers out there. The nation 25, the Regretorate 16, MediaHoriz.com, which are low-hole of the not updating much lately. A 14, TomPain14Newsmax.com 11, Delusional Right wing Ludithicks. Take back to Media.com 9, Democratic Underground 9, 2.0.0. Anti-war.com 5, RiftS.com 4. That's a good website. Remember the guy called yesterday? Right. I checked that out. It's good. It's links. It's good stuff. Access of logic.com 3. News12.com 3. News12.com 1. An employee.net. One list of 14 of the votes. Not too shabby. One is a damn good thing. I got that on there because now I'm trying to refresh the thing. It's so refreshing. Like lilacs. I do have a fax here that I got from John in Pembroke Pines, which I'm going to read, which is emblematic of what I'm talking about. How many people are really going to do anything? To call a talk show. Wow, I'm mumbling. Pistofia. What are you going to do about it? Are you going to write a letter? No, no. I'm going to send a telegram. I'm going to send a donkey's ass over there to cheat channel and bitch him out. No. Then I can do anything. So we'll see if they behold at least with their dire reason with their listening habits. And I'm not doing that in a self-serving way because they turn off the cheap channel station. It doesn't mean we're going to get one more listener from that. So it's not being done from a selfish standpoint. It's just being the given to you in an option to do something to strike back. That's all. Giving you an outlet. Other than just to pick you's a boobies and like that stuff. 1013 at 560 WQAM. It's a short Tuesday for us, baby. 1250 to pre-game show at a Marlins and the Orioles at 105. I'm going to be in the way that we love that from Jupiter no less. It's out of this world. And this is out of this world too. It's the last mortgage you'll ever need. It's the only one mortgage from financial group. The benefits are incredible. You pay zero closing costs, zero application fee, zero credit bureau fee, and even zero discounted points. How about those leafs last night? Get the new moment to rest rate. It just 1.25% 100,000 loan your payments are only 334 a month. A 200,000 loan your pay only 608 a month. I don't a spad boy didn't come around this morning because the leafs played buffalo last night. Because buffalo blew it. Don't forget once you be finance or get to the new home mortgage from financial group. You'll never pay closing costs again. Call them tool free. 1-866-395-land. That's their new number. Get the low rate mortgage. It's zero and then moved your next property with no further cost to expense. You pay them zero underwriting fees. Zero dot fees. Zero closing costs. Even when you move to another property. Get yourself that unbeatable financing rate. It's just 1.25% from the financial group with the only one mortgage you never pay closing costs again. For details of obligation call until free today. Find out a boot it. 1-866-395-land. That's 1-866-395-LA and either an equal housing lender. Restrictions apply. Write something to change monthly. 4.21-APR. 5-the-local. 6-6-5-6-11. 3-the-year-old yours. P-O-A-N. It's a jayship. Do you see now a Greek boy? The girl is LGBTQ and 43 years old who doesn't fall in love with her. What will she do at the time? She feels strong in love but I feel regret to of her parents. If you pop in and dance from the fairies they Jenn Theebei where we love each other They always go to the cent其实 & str Dog, but they'll mock me together. Make a name for this team fromophčum Jacquelineondo Long hydrogen's Cheese breaking No big roses special forstex It for people born until their contain classmates Cheese breaking No meer rechts Pour some Chasse No Palace voretta Stay in taxat This house is forbidden Don't fall on, I'd be changed. He's the greatest. No girls, whoever lays. Oh, hey. No big brothers, let's bet your love best. But people fought until their multi-plex. Ten-19 at five, 60's over to QAM. Here's our poll question today. How has the Clirchannel dumping of Howard Stern affected your listening? We got two, four, six, seven excellent choices. In fact, it's nobody up there. By the way, it's not Stan. Eric, I don't want to pick on your spelling, but it's not Howard's stend? Maybe Eric needs a stendographer or something like that. Heart stend? Maybe he needs a stend cell transplant. Anyway, how is the Clirchannel dumping of Howard Stern affected your listening? Not much. I listened to Stearn on the net. Not Stan, Eric Stern, Stern. Stearn. I listened to music in a morning now. I listened to Howard David now. Oh, oh my God. I listened to Paul and Ron now. I listened to the radio before 10. I listened to Moe and Joe Rose now. And I never listened to Stearn anyway. So there's a whole bunch of really good choices, which I think we covered it all, didn't we? I think. Looks like it. So far, 10 say I never listened to Stearn anyway. It's 10 out of 21. Just getting going. I don't listen to the radio before 10, six. I listened to music in the morning now too. Not much I listened to Stearn on the net too. I listened to Moe and Joe Rose now, one. I listened to Paul and Ron now. Zero, zero. Paul and old Ron have got zero Howard's audience. Wow. And I listened to Moe Howard David now. Oh, oh, but at least he's got there with Joe. He's got one. See? See that? I let him off the hook. Now maybe those people just don't want to listen to Joe, but I didn't put that on because that would be bad. We'd make Moe look a little worse than he actually is. I'm solution. Not easy. Easy feet. Okay, here's this facts from John in Pembroke Pines. Man, I'm really psyched about this Marlon game. Let's go Marlon. Huh? What? I think Kerris is right. Let's do a sports show. Let's play some leaf highlights from that thrilling overtime when against Buffalo last night. They're down five, two after two periods. They come back and tighten the final seconds and when it overtime. Oh, wait. Wait. Oh, come on. Go, go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go to the first floor. Carol Lea, come down Joeboards there in Oteba. Of course, remember, says he's a screamer. Yeah, you only wish you only wish remember, but anyway. Uh, great game. Here is the fact from John that I keep trying to read it says I was extremely, this is to Peter Deutsch represent a Peter Deutsch. Usually he's a pretty good guy, but unfortunately was one of those Democrats who voted in favor of that, uh, radio, a censorship bills when I call it. That indecency bill. And it was indecional, right? It says I was extremely disappointed and surprised of your potent favor of HR 3717. Like many, I feel that the Democratic Party has moved away from the principles and policies that we support. You're siding with a religious right constituency of President Bush's left me without meaningful representation in Congress. While I can't take back my prior votes for you, I will not support you in any future campaigns. As you know, one of the most popular radio shows in South Florida, Howard Stern has been removed from the airwaves. Once this legislation is signed into law, I'm sure that the very popular neo-Romber show will be targeted next by the religious right that you now support. Hopefully you'll change parties very soon so that a world Democrat may run and give those of us in your district a meaningful choice in the upcoming election. Before you dismiss me as some crazy youth, I'm a 50 year old CPA signed John with a last name in Pemberpines. I'm John, you go, boy. But you see most people won't do that. They'll just say, back to OG. What was this? What are we going to do? Which is why we do put the information on our website and try our best to give you an outlet to will make your voice heard to do something without having to like sit down like any old days and write snail mail along hand letter. And you know what said it out then? Hope that somebody reads it right? Right. Now you send an email and you hope that somebody reads it even though you know, they probably won't. But at least try to do something. You make an effort. Well, this this picked you this Heather Mills. I thought it was okay. It certainly wasn't in the same league with the A.V. and Barboyas to do something. So she's got a big rack though. Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, I don't start talking about her oven now, please. Okay. Oh, and because it's a science we can do about Wiegas house. Let's start starting, not with that crap. I remember last guy used to talk about Big Racket on this radio station. Well, see him no more. Right. Well, see him or hear him no more on his station. But it's important to mention that that's a picture of Heather Mills with both her likes. What does that mean? She only has one now. She only has one leg. This is Paul McCartney lost. They like in an accident. Why didn't know that? Well, I guess I didn't know that better. Forgot about nevertheless. That's a pre-pug-like picture. Well, you sure got more bad news today in between. Listen at the poor lady that Scott the breast coach or in her friend that donate that. And now you're picking on Heather Mills having only one leg. What's it going to be next? I'm going to drive them up to see you just to make up for it. For quite say, I only had one. Oh, right. Five six seven, five sixty, pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. Maybe Moe Howard David was right. Maybe they've all forgotten about the Howard Stern thing already and they're just going on with life and maybe it was a couple of week. The old people got a pissed off a little bit and that's it. Maybe they'll care about freedom of speech. I don't see people getting psychotic about it. Sure. We ain't no alien. How did you QA and hello? Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, I'm doing um just to actually maybe once you're pulled this morning. I try and listen a Bob and Tom when I could pick him up off of a four-mire station called 94.5 arrow. Right. So you can pick him up into conditions or right. You know the weather. Well, that's right. Also, and they're also in Palm Beach on uh, I don't know. It's a ZZR one was theigator again. Like I said. That's true. And probably also people can pick him up off the net somewhere if they want to. But that's one. Good choice. Thanks, Loco. One thing I wanted to also actually to talk you about was that none of them, but like much we could have to pull about though the words that people say that drive you nuts. Right. Well, there's all the overhead people like from Buffalo area that that tag like, Mark and the pair and park. You ever heard people say that? No, that from Buffalo from Boston say it. That's bautnix because there's this one guy that's used to with next to me is that I'm going to go down to the park when it gets hot. Yeah, that's a Boston thing. In in feed the shark, a clag man would rub out of memory. Okay. Come on, Palig. Uh, it's sent over some whatever you're smoking. Listen, a bobbin time that we need to add that onto our pull now. Are you able to add these extra choices? You're deserve to do that. Josh, can't he's got the power. Josh is putting that on there right now. He's sticking on empowered to do so. He's got to power. Let's hear it. Don't say power. Kids, screw real come right in on the hole. I let you have what for. Can't curries a great guy. He's a real radio guy. We were a discessness of the it's too bad that he's got some assels working on his radio station. Although I don't believe the whole Joe and Mark story anyway. I think it's contrived. I think it's a cost cutting measure. I asked this morning. I asked you or just said, what do we got on Saturday morning instead of Joe Costello's fine motorsport Saturday show that was becoming very popular. And he didn't have any ideas or I looked at the schedule, which is probably a pretty good idea. Here it is Saturday. Seven o'clock Saturday morning. We got some photo golf scene with Mark Wood and Tim Ross a fourth day. We'll have it a highlight is a to clock. We got sporting news radio before Joe Ross comes on from the Micah Sukey's sporting news radio and you want to rely because it's free. We just like tonight we'll have two to five in a morning overnight sporting news radio because it's free. It's crap. Nobody wants to hear it, but it's free. So I think the whole thing is just a cost cutting measure. I think it sounds like a good lawsuit to me. Oh right. I must think no hand. There's no need to feel down or have no feet. You can touch the ground on you. I've all so put your glass eyeball down. There's a place you can't breathe at the flatters. There's a special today for some fingers. It's double who's on day if you're buying. Listen to and part you'll find you can use their new X-press line. We sell the body parts of you. See L.A. We sell the body parts of you. See L.A. Hey. Oh. Say her favorite thing from a fun to a job. All you need is your own job. You get your body parts of you. See L.A. All sorts of body parts of you. See L.A. You can get a new heart. He's a ainotty part. You can put it on your credit card. Now see how appropriate that is with that head and most picture we got up there after which it will make love for a head and we have a song about it. What is it called? She only has one leg. We really have that set of song? Sure. She only has one leg. That's great. Great song. No. We don't have one song. We haven't had one. She has a show but we certainly don't have one. Only people choose who's the house star and who's the card. He only has one leg. She was dressed up when I saw her problem at the side. I didn't know she had a stuff that terrible will do before I only think he only has one leg. He only has one leg. She says it's handy to be handy captain anyways. Like when she parts of the costume always gets a better space or a big. She only has one leg. She only has one leg. She only has one leg. Wow that is exciting. I don't think I ever played that. Did I? Sure you had it. Get out of town. Telling you. Anyway we had 120 votes. I'm getting the chills just from listening. That would have like a fun goes part. That just really did for me. Maybe I'll be back Cool. How has the clear channel dumping of how it's dirt affected you are listening boys and girls? 128 votes. I never listened to a certain way 45 that's 35% percent. I don't listen to a video before 10 now. 28. I listen to music in the morning now. 20. I listen to Moa and the Joe Rose show now. 14. Oh, Hallelujah Moa. I feel like that. Well I talk about desperate not my tell us in the stern on the net 8. See it's kind of hard to be listening to Howard on the net when you're like in a car on a way to work when you're you see what I'm saying right. I listen to Paul on a old Ron now 7. What that's even more desperate. I listen to Howard David now. I'll buy his loan some four but not Joe just how we're David and I listen to Bob and Tom appear out of 120 votes and he really going there's a good good book coming out today. What somebody who fans this yesterday and I appreciate it very much. This is I think this is from Jim Moa. What's his name? Sullivan isn't it? Okay. I think so even though his name is non here. You're just get to the point where you start recognizing the uh yeah the fun. Exactly. In fact we're playing little Wayne Font 10 and the mine vendors little later on. Have you heard of this book coming out tomorrow? We need today called House of Bush House of Soud. They've been accepting it and salon under the books like it doesn't look like anything new to those like you who have taken the time to put things together from different non mainstream sources but it appears to do this neatly for the general public is written by Craig Unger. You and G.E.R. Craig Unger. House of Bush House of Soud the secret relationship between the world's two most powerful dynasties. So if you've been suspicious about this great relationship between the bushes and have been lodged for example and these Saudi princes like Prince Bandar and all these other schmate had gone well here's a chance for you to figure out a little bit more Craig Unger it's in the bookstores today. A legend I'm going to go out and get it right after the show. So it's an good thing that we got the ball game today right damn good. Unless you want to take over right now I can get an early start. WDKW not there I'm lying to shame on you WQAM. Hi I just want to talk to the all about more sports Saturday. Gone listening I'm right here. Oh thanks Neil. That's really a nice Saturday they had a show on collectible cards. The syndicates show talk about terminal. Yeah. Is that they paid to have that fake QAM to put that show on because it is boring beyond the least. Well they the QAM doesn't care they'll just put anything into it like you get in for free they probably got it for free just to you know stick it in there to kill the time you know. Okay well yeah I think you're right about fire and I'm just as a cost cutting major not. Yeah I mean if you're going to do that why lie about it why make up some story and make the guys look bad over you know nobody would be that stupid to fire somebody over at images that was on the and on somebody else's website seven months before it looks to me like it's just a cost cutting measure and there's no chance that they're going to put them back on. Right. Pretty good. Thank you for the words I was calling have a great day. See the thing of you made much of yesterday I want to make sure that they understand since I liked your willot is a good guy but you made a good point not on a way you didn't tell him this before yourself off the or what have been a good idea before they got can but why did they need for people all on the payroll for people getting paid to do an overnight show who am I to tell other people how to run their show well nobody you could certainly could have just a voice in opinion and you know especially with all the cost cutting I was getting cut back on this and cut back on that why forgot to ask moth this morning about that 50 bucks a week for for a book of Brian that they try to screw him over Ryan. I forgot to ask him I keep forgetting the good stuff they always get early in the morning and I want to steal a little rocky when my head is queer a clearing and a pull that crap on me and then by the time the show starts OGA forgot to ask parents about the response of the jewel mark firing and I forgot to ask good stuff about the 50 bucks you know let's get with it guys let's do something I mean both you on the payroll for decent bucks although stuff had to give away half his salary to keep friends there but I mean you know both you guys are getting paid how about how about being responsive how about letting us know what the hell is going on will be a good idea for a starter you know of course stuff is back I know is heavy on the heavy medication against what I'm here and I don't blame him you work in that place you gotta be on heavy heavy in fact Wilma she's got a new customer now is what I'm hearing I didn't say who I just heard Wilma's got a new customer you know he's buying from her rush well in the keys there's a lot of guys do rush you know and other places anyway speaking of the keys gay unions likely to get support in key west maybe clearance to the beast can hit on down there right now they can hop on it Hershey Highway and head on the key west after months of silence on the same sex marriage debate key west leaders are expected to pass resolutions today that supports our unions and the crap president bushes proposed constitutional ban of gay weddings city marriage in a weekly also plans to ask the county clerk whether the city can issue marriage licenses to gay couples the measures would be largely symbolic because under Florida law of course only counties not miss the counties can issue marriage licenses and Monroe County clerk then he co-haired city yesterday that he's bound by a Florida law that explicitly bans same sex marriage and enjoyment of life and a smile on your face and uh... good bomb a bit more than once a week but gay rights activists say that by officially supporting such unions key west replace itself at the forefront of defining how the issue takes shape within the state really key west is leading the way in getting their cities resolutions together said Brian windfield communication director for a quality florida a tempemase gay rights group it sends a loud message to the rest of Florida's real out if other places in the state are considering this they're not alone a lot of people think a constitutional members wrong for so many reasons so i'd be like that okay commissioner carman turner said she's not convinced the resolution would be effective i think it's more of a field good public relations things she said so what's wrong with a field good public relations in course it isn't for the or you had a lot of field good especially not those people if you catch my grip to them send what he said don't feel it 19 to 11 at five sixty wqm we get the marlins in the orials at twelve fifty to pre-game game time one of five the first pitch the hump or at the NCAA previous show at four one of the baseball over the second one the he'd be hammer we got the big all seven because nobody also worked that cheap because we got three hours to fill we got no game tonight tomorrow by the way a big big hockey game the islanders at the is it's in the york and i thought it was there it says here the pathers at the islanders i thought it was at the macarina jaja are you sure that yeah it's in the york it's on the palm well it may be some people actually showed up for that uh... jaj Macdonalds are being the TV game because it's his uh... with eighty fifth year on the air with his mediocre broadcast and a rumor being the radio right here on q a m c remortode sooner later he get on the station even if they had to pay us to do it he election m Don't do strip searches for Jay Login You can't waste We get a problem The mood's getting his back and down Lieutenant, in that the group of hairdressers who attack people on the beach Hold him down and then set their hair Yeah, they're back and down Let's go get out They'll stop at nothing They'll clean up the street Officer, I'm sorry for skipping on the most kipping zone I hope you guys don't get on with me Just take a seat pal Go ably A chair A chair Yes, he was blind All right, stop you pick back I think you're pardon I'm not a folk-fucking Oh, sorry Just look My head's here, couple Hit my big nubs on a hot movie In he was blind He's blind Righty night to night MBC I tell you what thing, Josh You're not on top of the hockey scene You better get with it, Mr That was just going to tell you the game is here I know you just enjoyed this fact Me just sheet from the schedule The game is at the macarina which I suspected I know my craft, Mr Let me tell you that right now As the matter of fact, just as a protest to the misinformation Five to five, all Maple Leafs did lose like a renberg in the game For cautionary reasons they kept it up with a hamstring cold Yeah, hamstring sucks anyway, Michael Render But anyway The a path there's any island is it The macarina tomorrow It's a big game because of the path is when it could only They could pull within five points behind the Slumping falling of Puchab New York Islanders And they're still an outside shot We got a shot, is Jimmy Johnson would say Yeah, we got a shot I know George is whipped up about it Oh, that's tomorrow night Okay, let me just put that over here With my schedules all these things Let's eat Joe Mark, we can cross them I mean Come on, clearance We're acquiring minds one and all In fact, I think clearance ought to come in and go on the air right now And give us an update and what's happening Would Joe and Mark and the responsible people are saying If this were a real radio station, it says some kind of a fascist operation We did do the break, didn't we? Yeah, yeah, we did Well, pancake, forgot to cross that up I'm too busy crossing out names on the schedule I don't have time to cross the breaks out And crossing out mistakes by clearance about the Panthers at the islanders See that would be bad to tell that to the public Because then they wouldn't go to the game tomorrow night Or the blame for that And remember we'd call up here and BUPUPUPUPUPUPUPUPUPUPUPUPUPUPUP Don't call here, remember OK, I'm having a wonderful time Here I have what this facts is the best I love this, whoever sent this That's for you Since Dern has been censored from South Florida I listen to music from ICD player Not on other station And I especially never listen any clear channel station With all to respect to my friend Ture Griffin Who needs to make a living And of course we say Oh right in both cases we love Tary But this shows to give paid I'm glad whoever that Randy was able to get away from clear channel. Randy! Randy! What?! Are you looking to meet now? Hopefully, the people running the Air America weather where it's called are going to have the brains to promote her, so far they're just proving Al Franken is a good writer, but who wants to listen to that nasal voice three hours a day. Yeah, he's not good on the air. Randy is a proven talent who can kick ass it says here. Rectom! Randy worked very hard to become a syndicate and a majority of the calls she got during the last two weeks in W.J. and O'Re from people saying, we're going to miss you, don't go! She explained over and over again that her show will still be on G. and O'Re at the same time through the seven, she's just going to be in New York, but people just didn't get it. It's like I'm sitting in Toronto right now, the last week or two, you notice people call them, but we're on the way. You know, why? Cause they can't tell the difference, they don't know where I'm. It sounds like me. And that, you know, it sounds the same as if I'm there. Yeah, I'm in a better mood. Yeah, except for the show being on Toronto time when you're out there. Right, that's right. If we got about that. About the time difference, eh? Anyway, she explained over and over again, her show will still be on G. And O'Re, she's just going to be in New York, but people just didn't get it. After 20 years in the South Florida market, Randy finally snapped. She snapped! And told the South Florida audience that there are a bunch of bitter ingrates. It was one of the greatest moments in radio. You'll go, girl. See, when she gets pissed off, like she did above green at time last, when she's the best. Because she really has a big pair. She's got a gigantic humongous pair. And she's not afraid to tell people off, and they deserve to be fooled off in this particular case. And what did she say about the people of South Florida, there are a bunch of bitter ingrates. So that's correct. So to give away. That is correct. Although we're doing just fine, we're not going to like a P on anybody's parade right here. We're doing fine so far. And of course, when your agent is normal kid, I mean, the idea that you're syndicated might be that maybe an OGIS if they ever build a station, this should be on there. And of course, we had those great days in Tampa. Oh, yeah. And don't forget, in Fort Myers. Right. So I had my chance, you know. Just like Salatso, I had my chance, and now I'm the hunted one. Let's see, how is the, how is the clear channel? What does that say? Oh, and even a question isn't written right. How as the clear channel, see, Eric is doing heavy mushrooms is what I'm hearing. That's where we're. I heard. Has what I was an Amsterdam, I sent him a shipment. How has it's what it's supposed to say to clear channel dumping of Howard Stern affected your listening man, oh man, Eric, this is the worst. Now can you change the question to us? He got to do that. He got to do that. Yeah, that's all. Eric's got to do that. I mean, that's just all you got to do is put on here. So one, I, I facts the system last night is a matter of fact. You didn't know that, didn't you? No. I facts in the poll every night. You see, you're worried about not every night, but just in case you got to do in the morning, but just, just do it. Get to head start. But he's just under a lot of pressure and a lot of stress up there in Orlando. And you want to know why? You know who was in Orlando this weekend, don't you? Month. Oh, oh. Ha. There haven't a rush festival up there. And I'm talking about the guy in the area. Two hundred and twelve votes. I never listened to Stern anyway, 84. That's just about 40%. I don't listen to radio before 10 now, 45. I don't know if they understand that second thing there. In other words, maybe they didn't listen to the radio before 10. Before Stern was taken off the air, but my shit probably had to word now on of that. See what I'm saying? Okay, well, I don't listen to the radio before 10 now. Can you do that? Josh, you didn't handle it. Yeah. 45 people say that. I listen to music in the morning, out 26. I listen to Moen Joe Rose now, 22. Oh, if it could only believe that. Ha ha ha ha ha. Oh, oh. Wouldn't that be something? That's quite a common thing. Something. And I've actually those people aren't too happy either. I'm sorry, Joe. That was a shot. And of course, I listen to Paul and old Ron now, 13. That's an unlucky number, Pauli. Not much. I listen to Stern on the internet 11, 4.9% of Stilston Howard on the internet. I listen to Bob and Tom 7. Thanks, by the way, for reminding me of that whoever called in a guy. And I listen to Howard David and Joe, not Joe Rose, but just Howard David had six out of 222. Remember, room 222 with Karen Valentine or was it Katherine Ross? I don't know. Karen Valentine. Was it? I'm just guessing. I don't think we could have done that. Are you sure? Positive? Book of Brian, although. Well, he hasn't asked it. Oh, you could type it in there. We'll quick room 222 and you click on it and we'll see who's on there. I'm sure was Katherine Ross. It was a bad show. WQM, hello. Yeah, how you doing, buddy? Pretty good, Pauli. I don't know if this is a good sign or not, but it's on like Google and has she, John Kerry, he's probably one of the top searches right now. So hopefully that's a good sign that people are trying to learn a little bit about him. Right. As far as Paul Casino, he goes, that guy's like the biggest five sixties, like closet junkie. He did a bit yesterday and he has like all the voices downpads. I mean, he's like the biggest junkie. So he's the homeowner too. Gotta go. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Not one we get the best, but we've had it in the years. We just had the best call we've had in the cool days. That was great. That's awesome, Pauli. I will give him credit though. He did he had the Bill and Ted's ex-lonit venture and then he had the same he's right once. Sure, right? And what? And what? Wasn't a make room for Teddy, was he? Did we have what, what are those? Make room for no Bill and that. Bill and Ted's in that dog. I guess it was just those two. Time now. Find out about the fall. It's Bob and Bob and Tom and you're giving him credit for Bob and Tom, but oh man. You are really that to that episode with your washer dryers though. There's a pack of long ways. No question. And almost at your back 850 bucks except the fact that I'm an ice guy. Thank you. Very Godfather. The furry guy father comes through again. No problem. Oh, let's see. 224 votes on here. Well, I just gave the result. I'll work up about that. Poenots interesting. Unlike those, see, I think maybe Mo had a point and I sure don't want to agree with him. Absolutely. But he may have had a point. I mean, of course the response would be, well, what do you want us to do? And you want us to have an risk breakdown. He's not on there. Nothing we can do about it. But the fact that matter is it's not a Howard Stern issue. It's an issue of choice of what you'd like the lady who called it in yesterday. She was great. Right. Not a Howard Stern issue. Even though with his ego, of course he's making it all about him, which is up to him. It's stupid. But first amendment, it's about what you can listen to. What adults choose to listen to and read and watch, et cetera. But let me ask you that. Before it had Bush was sitting in there with the Prime Minister of Holland, the Dutch Prime Minister was on there with him. And there in the oral office. And he's bucked up, you know, talking to stupid crap. And he's talking about the interim constitution and a racket about all the freedoms that they're listed in there. And I'm thinking of myself, yeah, like the ones that we used to have here in America. Before you and your very bad, it Nazis came in and stole it and brought daylight. Now what were you going to say? What does it have to do with sports? Nothing. That's why terrorists hasn't come in to get to give us that report. What are you doing to playwrights? You're hiding under the desk? You're in a closet again? You're in a broom closet hiding? You're dancing with a beast in the hallway there. You're doing a Kizansky? We're requiring minds wanting, oh, they audience. See this? This audience, you know, we got a few sports nerds listening. Like me, I'm a big hockey fan, but other than that, and a big patriots fan who didn't win the Super Bowl in spite of that flat. But there are other things in the world going on besides sports. And that's your problem, Clarence, that's all you know is games and balls and balls and games. And I would say Pucks, but he had nothing about hockey either. I should eat, we're secure I am. This story about this speaking of a sports like the horse racing, this groomer. This just makes me one of them. I mean, first we had the Western guy to kill all those kids and grandkids and all the insist up there that dreadlock a goofball at Skumbag. Now we got this a seasonal worker whose name-mothled daughter Dines had her day for being left inside a sweltering car. Pearled police, he left the baby alone while he socialized and watched the races of Gulf stream park. Antonio Francisco Baltha, 27 of Elmont, New York, which is where Belmont race track is, which charged with aggravated manslaughter and denied bail Monday, who remains in Broward County jail. His daughter Veronica was worse than Memorial Regional Hospital than Hollywood where she was pronounced dead. The doctor said the child's temperature was 177 degrees according to police report. Police had brought to a former groom at the track, told him he left Veronica strapped in a car seat in his 96-pony at most of the day while he watched the races. He left the window cracked less than half an inch and said he checked out her from time to time. He left Veronica alone for 45 minutes before he checked out of the final time, surely before 530 and found her not breathing. Temperature Saturday were in the upper 70s and it was sunny. Baltha called the child's mother, Michelle, a bash for to waitress at the track who rushed to the car. She picked up the baby who was on Baltha's lap and ran frantically to the parking lot looking for the track nearest police spotted her and called Firesque, a Broward Medical Exander doctor Joshua Purpose said Monday the cause of the child's death was under investigation. He said children in the upper layer more sensitive to temperature than adults because of the hypothermists, the area of the brain to regulate temperature doesn't work as well. If you leave them in a car in the sun, Proper said it's like putting them in an oven. People who leave their kids and pets in cars in lock cars in Florida or anywhere else. Those people to me are... Something I can't say no more. They're f*** on a year. Bad people. Bad, they're evil doers. God. 57560WQ if your carpets look like an evil doers done a number on them. Don't just open up the yellow pages and play Russian Reload with your expensive carpeting. Do what I've been doing for over 20 years and my homes call the experts at dry concepts because dry concepts be the best in a business at bringing carpeting back to life no matter how old they are, how schmutzie they look no matter what the deal is. Sanitize your home today using dry concepts, certify train technicians. These guys are going to clean your carpets the same way that they do your clothing, and they leave them vibrant and colour-looking brand new soft of the touch smell and many fresh, they dry in just a couple of hours. And you're guessed and you're even your family members if they aren't around or come in and say, holy crap you had brand new carpeting laid while I was out getting some. Don't forget with dry concepts your rugs like I said last longer too because they get the deep down dirt out of the fibers in there which makes your carpets always look fantastic. And when you call dry concepts be sure and mention that you like to be put on their stand by list which can save you next to a 15% off the already low price of your next proper cleaning. Call them today, don't forget to give it that written guaranteed price before they start the work. No scans, no tack on Zerbipass, just as stupid as unbeatable job every time. Call dry concepts toll free at 1-800-248-5071. That's 1-800-248-5071 along on their website at dryconcephs.com. It's Howard. Howard's badminton.gor. ange. If Anybody has opinion, There is something from our way. If we are namefoolers, stop. If not our homestay. Do not protect us too much! Everybody's handling fun. He's turning fast. Yeah. I have to ask you a thing. Indy act of victory is a hum. You don't watch the guard of you. Everyone does a fast thing. So, but what you do? This does it for me. And I know you're by the... The foolish other land they shone. I have to say. Yeah, gotta hate those who. Extrudent divaros too. Believe everything we tell you. Understand, run you. Blood water for gold blood. Kill up your husband. Who are you? I've been to any bushman. Back as to yesterday. We don't want to see our job. Oh, a bad economy's boom. Are you sure? I've been to any fine chain. Oh, don't be so stupid. Oh, oh, oh. Reckham. All the other things we see. The blacks of Paris can win. And everybody's turning fast. Oh, blacks of you and say. I had to play that after you sent me this Max Castro column. This is unbelievable. It's not surprising though. Fascism is alive and well boys and girls before you get to that. It's a great column I'm going to read it. Here's a facts from Mike who says, I'd like to have another choice to your pull. I turned off the radio completely. Well, I think that I turned I listen. I don't listen to ready before 10 a.m. Is what we're talking about. Right. That covers that. Yes. But Mike says, uh, another morning's show. I used to listen to one or three point one of buzzes. Don't down there show out of fear. I'm sure. Well, there you go. And then this whole thing with a John Mark show. I know Joe personally is he worked for me before came Mr. Bigshot Tom shows. Mr. Darrell can expect a facts from me. He says Mike, what I'm having at Mike, stick it to him. And by the way, that pussy still hasn't come in and explain to us what's going on with you on Mark. We demanded explanation right now before 1250, you put at the first ball gets heaved. You got it. Got it. Don't you think you ought to come in? Let us know what least what kind of response he's getting. If people are pissed off and fired up, if he'd get a lot of emails and phone calls and whatever. And then whatever I realize he can't make the final decision. He's just a paper pusher. He's just a paper pusher. But at least communicate with us because we're supposed to be in the communications business. But no, he's probably got important fish to fry right now. Like screwing up the schedule again for next week, lucky to do with that panther game at the pond in Long Island. Is it at the pond? No. So even a sports stuff, he can't get right. Talk about a little overpaid quiz-ling. But anyway, next cast or rights Miami, a city on the edge. And what better place to have fascism really planning it seeds deeply? Then soft-flavored dog. Especially dead county. Have I said for years that the dead county isn't even part of the USA? So what difference does it make? Duck. There are no freedoms in dead county. It's a land of repression. It's a land of war, a bunch of right wing, one dimensional lunatics had been running it for years and years. There is no freedom of speech. Max Castro, one of the only really outstanding columnist in the hero Carl Heisenbot, twice a year, right something good. And I got a good column from him in regard to Haiti if I can get to it. And we spots that patch I got from that real chronic patch about Haiti. But anyway, next cast or rights, authors note early in December 2003, the hero then formed that it was dropping my column at the end of the year. The hero has given as many different reasons for this decision as the push of administration has for the Iraq war and with equal credibility. In both cases, the real reasons are transparently ideological. My skill is a writer and analyst has never been questioned and certainly not by the hero's editors. My work has appeared in news days, salon, sanose mercury, news, sun, semile York times. The tele-heasty Democrat many other publications throughout the US and Latin America. In the last five years, I co-wrote a book on power and immigrants in Miami, edited a second book on international migration and published numerous essays and academic papers. My views have been quoted widely in the US and international press. And I provided commentary on CNN, nightline, frontline Larry King show, NPR and other media. Under any other circumstances a newspaper would promote marketer writer with his track record, but the ideological wins were blowing strongly in the other direction. During the five years, my columns appeared to the paper. I became an increasingly lonely voice as the hero'd moved decidedly to the right on Cuba and other issues. The fact that the hero replaced my old column with those of Carlos Alberto Montenir, reflects the length the hero'd as willing to go to project a monolithic editorial voice on Cuba and Latin America. It also belies the explanation the editors have provided some readers that have registered their complaints about any my column, namely that the paper wanted fresher unless ideologically predictable voices. Is this what they mean by fresh and new? For more than three decades, Carlos Alberto Montenir has been sounding the same themes odd nauseam, virulent and highly personal tax against fiddle Castro, stride and criticism of even mildly left-leaning Latin American leaders, parties or movements, and ideologically commend to the most orthodox version of Las Afer capitalism, and a total absence of concern for the social consequences or a focus on the people who suffer them, and the thesis that all Latin American deals are derived from the deficient cultural values of its people, and none from foreign exploitation and especially not from US agemony. San Framidir it should. Carlos Alberto Montenir is essentially, on race open-hime or on speed. The opinions and obsessions are nearly identical albeit delivered in different tones, they specialize in policing and cascading, as signs of immature anti-Americanism or demagogic populism, any hint of Latin American independence or in subordination vis-à-vis the dictates of the US or Fremarca orthodoxy. Coupled with their repetitive, excessive focus on Cuba nearly the exclusion of any concern for any other severe social and human rights problems in the hemisphere, the voices of the Montenir open-hime or Duaif, entirely consistent with the Herald's own editorial drift. On Cuba and Latin America, the Herald now speaks with a single voice. In contrast, my views on the embargo, the solution for Latin America's troubles and many other issues differed from the Herald's, during the alien controversy in 2000, my position defending the fathers' rights and the extra to the US, just as it's a permanent removingly child from the home of the Miami rublers, consistently clashed with the Herald's editorial's. After I told NPR's day in sure that the Herald's editorial position on alien was widely out of step with public opinion in the US, Herald published her Alberto Ibarguin, phoned in a transquered attempt to intimidate me. Not long after the Herald reduced the frequency of my columns from weekly to semi-weekly. Finally, I'm not going to read the whole thing with your columnized guide here. We'll put this on a website. Finally, my independence by refusal to tailor views to suit the paper's shop or a turn, or to be solenced on issues like your rack or the administration's top-down class war was too much for the Miami Herald. At the end of the last year, immediately after falling in calm contrast in the brilliant public relations of success, a present-in-pushest Thanksgiving bagged-bed trip with the dismal realities of the war itself, I was informed that my next two columns would be my last. But that wasn't the end of it. As further proof that the Herald a stalwart defender or freedom to present Latin American of the centers in Cuba, couldn't handle the scent in its own ranks, when I filed what should have been my next-alask column to appear on December 16, I received this tourist message from a Herald editor after reading this column we decided not to publish it. And he's got the column in its entirety right here, which we'll put this on our website. Okay? Okay. From progress a weekly. Can you just fax this page to Eric? Let's go ahead and talk about it. I'll do it. So there you go, boys and girls, if you didn't get just a Howard Stern show, it's just Bubba the Love Spawns, it's just some Bill and Congress that there was word in such a way that the Congress that the members on both sides of the aisle were too spirulist of it against it. No, it's fascism. It's alive and well, it's not just creeping, it's just running its ugly threads throughout America, every party you're like. Fascism. Now the Herald which I've hated for years and years anyway, now they've exposed themselves totally for what they really are. Just a bunch of pandivers. That's all they're doing and they never learn their lesson. The people they're pandering to hate them like poison anyway. Did the Cubans like to Herald know us to read their newspaper? Of course not. But they're never ever going to stop this in seasant pandering. So if you look in for the reasons why South Florida never seems to change, while the climate political otherwise just always is the same, there's one of the reasons right there. You got two crap newspapers. One in Dave County and one in Browd, of course, that just then you've already mentioned. I like how I've told you, I mentioned it again yesterday. I've been screaming about a few years, never going to happen though. Because nobody reads newspapers, nobody reads books like Howard Beall said. They're all under their own little world like that bits, is all they care about is Jailos asked. What are they going to see it again? Let's take a look at Heather Mills and her pair of legs and the other pair on our website. And by the way, she's under today. For about a second, after 11 at 5.60, QAM. Mom, I'm my wife. And look, look at this for 2056. Who am I? The Riddians, dumb as dirt. Tonight, June in for the premiere of an all-new survivor. People stranded on an island, 90 miles south of the Florida coast, with limited food. Poor education and bad housing. Each contestant, the vising of plan to escape the island, and traverse the trectris waters to safety. With my yab at the Odo Lurach, I can smuggle in at loops and make a rat. Join us each week for Qubin survivor. I don't care what those gingles did. I'm not eating rats. Qubin survivor, with special guest host, Gillian Gunzallis. He's going to eat like 1117 at 5.60, the Harold sucks make no much think about it. Okay, just put that on your forehead to mommy, he'll blows. Here's a thanks from Elliott in New Jersey, who says, I listen to I miss, so I really don't care about stern, but even though I can't stand stern, I still think. Clear channel is stupid and selling out. Stern's got the right to be heard by those people of one, listen to him. What a concept Elliott. He's got the right to be heard by those people of one, listen to him. That's what you got to your thumb right on it. That used to be the American F and Way, not no mole. Not no mole, we decided that you're too dirty to be on and you're going to be off. Here, oh this spanks here, this is definitely from Rich Shaw. The one that says an old East fan? Yeah. Since I've met your Costello, he's a hell of a nice guy, so I'd say him go. If I could bash one scumbag in radio, it would be Bob Hamilton from Jefferson Pilots Magic 102.7. And then it's got a list of his Cost Cunning moves. He's got a nasty personality, which is left some of the most decent on air talent in marketing. Hate hating him. Oh well, there's nobody hates anybody in radio, are they? Absolutely. Oh, they are. Number one, cancel the stations. Number one, ready to show the can held doob shop. This is from you, can you're not fooling anybody? Do we already go to Bad Perk, can I hate that doob stuff? It's garbage. See her? Right? I thought I'd just like Howard Stern. If people want to hear doob, they got to write their doob. But anyway, number two, cancel jukebox Saturday night hosted by Joe Johnson, a fantastic live call and party week question, were placed with more free piped in by Dick Bartley. That was just a piped in show, same thing with the doob shop. Just piped in a syndicated show. Well that's the away of the future, baby. Mr. On Signed. Three, blue off the popular night host Tom Caminity. If you requested more than one weekend day a week off every four months. Four blue out overnight host Tom Hopkins for the same. That's not our Tom Hopkins is it? I don't know if any other. I thought he was in a Guatemala somewhere. Or close to Rico chasing around a young ladies. Tom Hopkins who says, America loves to watch boob and butts and boi kick. Says he replaced Hopkins with the tape of Joe Johnson doing a re-record of the shift. These same three shows are replayed every three days over and over again. Says just the sampling of what a cheap scumbuck and Hamilton isn't how we pray he moves on his way in oldies fan. I don't really spend it. If somebody works at magic and see there can, what's his name to do up guy? Or it's Joe Johnson or it's Richard Rawlmset down and loaded together. Good luck to you guys. You'll need it. I credit petty. It's a crap business. It blows. Five six. How about that mass cast or he wrote some fat. How many times many, many times are we just columns on a year? About two in a man. About far two liberal, far two honest, far two moderate for the anxious ultra-right wing Miami-Herald. So make no mistake about it. Do you people at the Herald? You are on our schmittless now. Even the parrots are going to about boycott the Herald. How do you like that? They wouldn't on the best party if they could find it. Clowns morons. WDQM. Hello. Maybe you want to ask if it's a pro. How many people did they want to set like radio? Game up and went to satellite radio. What do you want to set like radio? You have all the different channels. Different music and stuff like that. You have the news channels and stuff like that. OK. The Joe Marseillation Neo. Question the half of the ass is maybe they were fired this way to boy playing on employment. That's a possibility. Make up some excuse. You have a call. I know unemployment. They have just caused a fire and then they have to play it to foreguys. Wouldn't surprise me. I wouldn't surprise me coming from them. Thank you for keeping us updated. OK, pal. But. Were you going to put that on your Josh? Yeah. Went to satellite radio. As your radio, I mean, it's really, I mean, I'm not all that psychic. A little bit now and in. But what's nice saying many weeks ago, long before the stern flap and all this other flap came down. That your radio was dead and put it in the bottom of the swimming pool. It's dead. It's a dead piece. Yeah. That's right. Just like that thing on low's head. Absolutely dead piece. Useless. Those people in Palm Beach County, but in addition, surprise me. When you keep what's the average age? A Randy's audience anywhere about 90. I was going to say 80. So no, please. We've heard. Don't leave us. The show is still going to be honest. We're going to be honest. We're going to sound just like her. She's going to have a gigantic audience. I have a lot more people. She's going to be on here in New York. And in the East, Mom, let's see. LA Chicago and whatever to start. And in San Francisco, come in too. So she's going to be on there instead of talking to the same old yenthus there in Palm Beach every day. She's going to have a chance. Maybe to make a difference. But rather than saying, hey, congratulations. Nice going, which is what I say. Go get them girl. Rather than that, it's the same. Please, don't leave us. It won't be the same. We want you down here suffering and miserable like we are. That's right. Right. Florida. That's our state motto, baby. Florida. Misery loves company. That's it. And I say El Paso is what I say. No, thank you. Five, six, seven. But we don't have a lot of time. We only got an hour and a half. All right. I feel like we've been robbed here today. This marlins game. We've been like dump it. Don't you think? No, don't dump it a little earlier. Nah, get rid of it. Get it. We don't need no marlins game. We got a lot of stuff going on here. Clear channel releases. Elie at the morning statement. Reader polio support for stirren among teenage girls. No less. How do you like that? Yeah, of course. Two trout out Jason shooting tail. Oh my god. Jason, where do you want to come back? Then we got this Haitian thing. I guess I better do the Haitian thing I'm out here. You better. Got a facts. It's his uncle Neil. You're showing a great most of everything you say. But on the issue of Haiti, Aristide, you sound like a typical ignorant American. What have I said about Haiti and Aristide? Have I said more than people? I know a lot, no. No. What is there to say? I'm the fact that he was just the latest long run of scumbags. Thanks for your education over the years. But this is very chronic. This hand this facts writing. But if you need alternative news stories about Haiti, please check out info shop.org. Access of logic.org or visit invoiced.org. Keep up the good job. Harry in somewhere. Was that saying about him? I can't read it. Shut up. Here he somewhere. Well Carl Heisen just coincidentally, Harry has a great column and he Harold no less. Oh, how long? How much longer is Carl Heisen going to be there? How many more days? About 30 minutes. I'm pissing ass. He says imagine if there were oil and Haiti. Some people are actually surprised that the Bush administration twiddled its thumbs while that democratically elected president of a neighboring republic was run out of office by armed thugs. The explanation is tragically simple. Haiti hasn't got anything we want. Because of massive erosion, precious old grows there, coffee, sugar, some mango trees, underground our modest quantities of copper, box-side and marble, but nothing we can't get in a bun and elsewhere. Nothing worth deploying. A hundred thousand troops over like oil. If only Haiti were sitting on half as much petroleum as Iraq, the US would have shown a much keener interest of what was happening there, from Congress, you've heard some stirring speeches about our moral duty to help an ally under siege from outlaws. My vice president Dick Cheney himself would have lumbered out of his bucket made the rounds of these Sunday talk shows, warning of the grave global peril of Haitian President John Bertrand R. A. State were overthrown by paramilitary Goons, killers and drug smugglers. Before you could say Halle Burton stock options, a US armada would have been steaming toward Port Oprince, while Cheney's pals in the private sector would have been ramping up to repair and secure the Haitian oil dericks. Sadly, though it is Haiti's fate to be hopelessly bereft of the natural riches that industrialized nations covered. US intervention would have been strictly an act of humanitarian motivation with no pay off and plenty of headaches. The president pushed there's no moral incongruity in spending billions of dollars and hundreds of American lives try to winst all a first-time democracy in far away Iraq, while turning our back on a crumbling democracy in our own backyard. The truth is we don't need another military engagement, what we do need is the same realignment of priorities. Bush would insist that Iraq under Sodom who's same as the larger menace, but the fact that the turmoil in Haiti has a direct and costly impact on the US starting in Florida. Coast garden customs anti-terrorism patrols already spend much of their time rounding up boatloads of desparation refugees are intercepting mommy-bound freighters loaded with cocaine. Haiti has become a choice trans shipment point for South American drugs smugglers who are likely cheering for the current chaos. Once our token force of US Marines has gone, the ports of Haiti will be open for dopers. I better put a stop there and just a little pause. Okay, little mark. Well, it's a little a couple more pages to go. I don't want to like stop bringing it to good column Carl Heisen. Who somehow sneaks in, I don't know how he writes it there, they must have forgotten they've used there, you know. Thanks for having me. Maybe he's got the naked pictures. Maybe he's got the one to Tom Fieler dropped on the floor of the night family. 26 past 11 at 5.60 WQM if you're in a dead end job if you're underpaid overworked in your sick and tired if you had it up to here. To where's the answer? Right up to here. I don't have to about your armpit. But you don't have four years or a lot of cash to waste on college if this sounds like you then change your life. I make it one easy phone call to our friends at fast train. Call them today. 866 fast train and see just how it can change your life when you have some skills, man. Have some skills. Fast train can have you train in certified for a high-paying computer network professional career. By like July and as soon as four months that's true. You can be fully trained already for that new career in a shortest four months. Fast train offers day-eating and we can classes to fit around your schedule. Fast train offers you job placement assistance financially for people who qualify. And with seven floor of the locations there's body one convenient by where you live. So if you like to really change your life, get skills in a big fat paycheck that goes along with having a real career. Check out fast train on the web at fast train.com and then make that call that can we need to turn it all around in your life too. Call it 1 8 6 6 Fast train. My life and love this is fourth real, 5 66 meters away. The basemoisons. There was no pharma boy dzara. He said in the middle just shaping his fist that some boys who were down by the prick. They're feeding the water, they're hands on their marbles and waving them and had past four. They're capable young lady. She looked like a pretty, young creature. She sat on the grass. She pulled up her dress and she showed them her ripples and laces and white club beat duck. She said she was learning a new way to bring up her children so they would not spin. All the boys in the barn yard were shoveling, rep you send later from yesterday's hunt. While the girl in the middle was rubbing her eyes at the fellow, down by the duck. He looked like a man with a side of the whole home in the country with a big fence out front. If he asked her, but likely she'd show him her little bet dog who was subject to bits. And maybe she'd let him grab hold of her small tender hands with a movement so quick. And then she'd bend over and suck down his candy so tasty made of butter, scarred. And then he spread whipped cream all over her cookies that she had left out on her shelf. If you think this is dirty, you can go f*** yourself. You're a smuck clearance. Don't ever even talk to me no more. I'm doing my business with moth. No more with the clearance. I've scratched him off the list. If I'm sitting here in a morning before the shoreline as I do every day. And I hear his voice, I'm just going to go out and do some business. Or whatever kind of business I feel like, you know, go make a peanut butter and nanosamage. Anyway, curl high as some continues is that air state surely was no prize he governed in Epli. Autocrankly and sometimes with a brutal assistance of the street gangs that are a bloody part of Haiti's history. But the United States didn't help orchestrating a cut off of international funds and supplies that punished the poorest of Haiti's poor. 100 perhaps thousands of peasants died for no reason. Outed by a coup in 1991 reinstated by American forces in 1994, Eris stayed wasn't popular with the right wingers in the present Bush administration. He was, however, Haiti's first and only duly elected president that he needed to resign became obvious. Equally obvious was that the US wasn't working very hard to make that happen peacefully. emblematic of US indifference was the attitude of state secretary colon Powell, a decade ago at President Clinton's request, Powell rushed to Haiti with former President Jimmy Carter to help smooth their esteeds return at a four day full blow in invasion by UN forces. This time around Powell wasn't going anywhere. Every now and then he would comment about the erupting chaos and the Haitian countryside, but only too late to need to clear, we can't allow these stuggs to come out of the hills, or even an opposition simply rise up and say we want you to leave an under-acquatic non-constitutional manner. Thugs they are too, among those leading the anti-airist-dead mob were convicted killers, debt squad assassins and crooked army officers. Hillary, as they've now promised to lay down their weapons so that a new government can be formed, of course not a soul and Haiti believes that these goons will voluntarily turn over all their guns to the Marines. Watch what happens with the American forces leave, or if you're like Bush, don't watch. As every president since 1915 has learned there's no obvious solution to Haiti's misery, Woodrow Wilson sent troops that ended up staying 19 years, sentenced and troops that stayed less than two years, Ronald Reagan sent a jet to carry way Jean-Claude Duvalier after he'd stolen everything in part or Prince that wasn't nailed down, now Bush sends a jet to carry way air-stee, leaving the country to loobers and criminals. From Ex-Alan Florida comes a new prime minister, Gerard La Torre II, who faces the Goliath task of uniting a country that's poor, sick, hungry and frantic, he'd be full-harbit hardy to expect much support from the US, unless by a miracle somebody discovers oil and Haiti's tear-sold planes. Well, what a great call of our Carlissel. Twice a year he writes some good stuff, even though it isn't a hero. In the garbage wrapper. So there you go, my facts are friend. Harry? 560560, pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. How has the clear channel dubbing of Howard Stern affected you, we got 401 votes? Now I started, I interrupted myself, which I haven't had a doing. You see the difference between the response on this poll in those early days after clear channel the Anctosturne program off the year. Yeah. When it was like 80 million votes are coming in, the public is foaming at the mouth because they realize that you'll just have, you know, like like Moshead, he was right all of his little bit of his opponent. But it's just a matter of time. And, you know, they're like back off, they'll forget about it, they'll move on with their life and what are they going to do anyway. See? 401 votes. I never listened to Stern anyway, 159. I'd also listen to Radio B410 now, 89. I listen to music in the morning now, 44. I listen to Moan Joe Rose now, 40. I listen to Bob and Tom 22. I listen to ancient Paul and old Ron now, 20. Not much. It hasn't changed my listening much because I listen to Stern on the internet, 18. I listen to Howard David now, six. And I've turned a satellite radio 3 out of 41 votes. But here's some great news. And I said this very sarcastically. CBS promises that they won't pause hit the pause button for sporting events. And you're great? Oh, I'm so delighted. The really? The wicked CBS eye, the evil eye wants you to know that we'll not institute the 10 second delay during its coverage of the NCAA basketball championships. In order to be able to delete any four letter words uttered by angry players, obscene gestures from fans and bleachers, streakers, bear breasts or any of the many forms of self-expression that add so much to our enjoyment of live televised sporting events. Ha ha ha. This is the Washington Post. CBS issued a statement of that effect yesterday in response to New York Times story that reported that it worked hand ordered the 10 second delay during March madness. The story became a hot topic on talk radio, websites and other gossip mills. Contrary to publish reports, CBS will not use the delay in broadcasting. The NCAA men's division won basketball championship that it worked set in statement. CBS said it has no plans to impose it on at least the on-the-othered interview segments of NFL games this fall. This was also mentioned in the article which said it's CBS executive vice president Marty Francis its source. Ha ha ha. Well they're taking their light, they're taking their wicked eye in their hands. I'll tell you that, even Sammy Davis would be nervous. Because during I'll just about every sporting event, you can hear the players of muttering in screaming, indial and, and, right. Not to mention the speakers run out there, which you have to be real quick, you know. It only took like one and a half seconds of Janet Jackson's mostly exposed. Boo-bee to get all this stuff whipped up into a frenzy. So God forbid we should see like a half a second of some guy out there running across the court where they dangling participle. See what I'm saying? That's right. God forbid we should be exposed to that better than a pregnant pilot. The wrath of God will come down on CBS then. Then you can forget about Howard Stern and Mel Carmesan, all of my comments. CBS and MTV and all of that stuff will have state run propaganda on 247. Everywhere on your radio dial on your TV dial and even on your famous pop-up. Toaster and your watch. How do you like that? Wow. So there's, there's one to know. They want us to understand that we're first of all, let me ask you this. What happens is it make? Why should we care about that? And if they were smart, which they're not, they would run the delay. They'd run the whole thing in delay. So as to avoid, because you just know that somebody's going to read that. And somebody's going to attend those games because you know you're dealing a bunch of college puns, double a awesome-wise acres and they're going to be in the stands and something's going to happen. And somebody's going to go out of their way to yell. As loud as they can during the middle of a game. Yeah. Just don't make sure it gets on the ear. What? Start a chance in the crowd. That's right. Start a chance. Nice going, Josh. Start a chant in the crowd. Coal and Powell. Right. You. Or, or better yet. FCC. FCC. Something like that. That would be great. I'm going. I'm going to stop. I was judged by the way as suggested. I just keep that going. And I come. Josh, let's go do it. Because when they come for us, we're going, oh, we don't know who that is. We've got no idea who that is. Speaking of Josh, how's it Josh Dero doing? He come by. That's it. I gave him one last chance to stop by with just a little, during a break with like a little report to you that you could pass along to me. Wouldn't do it. Wouldn't do it. So here's the way it works boys and girls. Not only did they take a show off, I realized it's 2 to 5 in a morning. There's only a few people. But that hour. But they take a show away. They make up something that can cut some of Goop Balls story, whether who knows if it's true or not. And they're gone. And here on this show, what we're trying to do between the show and the website is at least at the very least because generally what happens is everybody who's listening to me right now knows. When the time comes for somebody to disappear, it's like, that's it. They just disappear. Right. Like my kyniri. The one way vacation. Right. No chance to say bye bye. Thank you. It's been great. There's a sentence of those people. Give it on for all your life. And all of a sudden you turn on a radio. You're TV one day. They're gone. That's it. Just like Bob we run channel off six. Huff-huff-oh, on NBC six. Another bunch of evil doors you're fiverr there was one. And life goes on. I mean, what are people going to do? They're going to drop their entire life and they're going to go out running run in the stress, street screaming and running in circles screaming and shouting. I don't think so. Right. 19 till noon. You're done in live book clearance. You're out. You're finito. You don't exist. I've just washed you off the face of the earth. Speaking of that, if you like to wash some of that fat off your stomach, I have tried that but it doesn't work too well, you know. You want to. He would want to speed you touch sponges the fastest. The sixth right in the past. Not done do it. Try scraping it off. Balance for life is the painless way to do it literally. Because balance for life is the premier meal delivery service. It's based on Dr. Barry Sears prestigious. Zoll and died. Like I put him anytime's the zone diet is very complicated. But they take all the complications out because they do the figuring out for you. And our friends at Balance for life deliver right here door every day. A little black sack with tons of great food in there. Three delicious meals. Two great snacks right here. Doe step. Everything is fresh fantastic. They give you a menu. You fill out once a week. So you have two choices for every feeding. And with all that food, how could you possibly say you're on a diet. So instead of starving to death like you feel like you're doing the most of the other Diagrams. You have plenty of food to keep you happy and satisfied all day long. Don't settle for limitations. Try the real meal service that delivers results based on the zone diet. There's no shopping, no cooking, no cleaning, no calorie counting, no carb counting. No nutmegs up eating and with a big smile on your post. People are losing an average of 12 to 18 pounds a month on Balance for life. The zone diet has been proven to lower diabetes, high cholesterol and high blood pressure to and now. If you ever wanted to try the South Beach diet, here's your chance. Because Balance for life is the closest thing you'll ever find because it's the only meal delivery company that offers you menu choices let you go from phase one to phase three of the South Beach If you tried all the other ones and you're still fat, you're still frustrated, you're still angry. Feel the difference and see the results how easy it is with Balance for life. Call them today 866-225-4543. That's toll free 1-866-225-4543 or check them out online at balanceforlife.com. The world is the closest thing you'll ever find because it's the only way you can do this. You can do this. You can do this. You can do this. You can do this. You can do this. You can do this. You can do this. You can do this. You can do this. You can do this. You can do this. You can do this. You can do this. You can do this. You can do this. You can do this. You can do this. You can do this. You can do this. You can do this. You can do this. You can do this. You can do this again. You can do this. You can do this. You can do this. Cause you can do this. You can do this. You can do this. You can do this. You can do this. You can do this. There's nothing to be afraid. People don't definitely think about what you cannot do this. You can show gears and variations. You can do this. You can do this.ades are just losing their mind. Then showing that you do this But the things that are happening. You can do this. Alright. But all the disabled talk and idiots who wouldn't get any dumber. That are married to whatever they are told to believe and worship George's there king. Right wing, non-sabric public and mother, f***er. Well, the Democrats who crap their pants like a child at a scary booby. Appear in the color, who should go home and shut up, and shut up, thus he don't have a clue what he's doing. The Democrats have a death wish when it comes to the sight, who they will run, and you can color them done. If they run, jolly, burn mine. Or, right wing, not see, Republican mother f***er. There are right wing, not see, Republican mother f***er. Who get a dignity if it is a thematicity, a juicy homer. Just remember what I said when it comes to your back, if they make the abore that train. Right wing, not see, Republican mother f***er. There are right wing, not see, Republican mother f***er. Do you say something about the huffer in there? I think that was like a pudgy couple on the pond. Is what I thought you said. I'm afraid to assure. Can you believe that? I can believe it. That is shocking to me. We got Marlins baseball today, which is just un-American, if you ask me. Marlins on deck at 1250, the game is 105, the Orals in the Marlins in Jupiter. How much of that silly ass-pricy norma can't sound a way to that game? What a child that is. Then you got the huffer's nomad, the NCAA Preview Show after the game, and keep in mind those NCAA games will be un-censored on CBS on the evil eye. Thank the Lord. Thank you. Then we got the big 7-10 tonight. Any K, uh, oh look at this. Another mistake by clearance. Are you looking at that schedule? I never looked at that schedule. Take a look, take a puket it. All right. It says Orlando, Elsa, Query, 7-10. What's on between 10 and 11? Uh, man, uh, transmitter maintenance. 11 to 2, any K? Boy, that's clearance man. She is just falling off the job. Can't handle it. And sporting news radio overnight, we apologize. I had a time with apologised profusely for that crap. 10 to 1 of it is like a blank spot on here. He's got the Panthers at the Islanders tomorrow. Wow. That is pretty sad, Clarence. Like I said, he's, uh, he's off my list. He's on a different list. Here's a fact from Big Al. This is cute. Says, Great Show keep up the great work. I finally figured out the religious right wing. As they think the naked breast is obscene and I, and item of Great Discuss, they never nursed from their mother. They nursed direct from the cow and got mad, cow disease. That's cute, huh? Or maybe they were nursing from that statue before John Ascroft put the sheet over it. It's always nice to have a bunch of sheets around, you know, sometimes you go to the Sunday meetings with them, sometimes they cover up some naked statues. That's useful of them. Right. 5, 6, 7, let's get a lot of calls on in this last hour because our realize we're getting really cheated big time here today. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on a AT&T line. Q, and hello. Neil, yes sir. How are you? Thanks very much for the good work that you're doing for the community keeping these apathetic people getting them stirred up a little bit. I'm farting into the old window, man. It's people go to stop. CC.com. There's an online protest that they can sign on and become a part of and get people going to push that to get the message out to the SEC. Really? Absolutely. How come I had taken the how long's it been on there? Since the beginning of the month, you can get a link in that onto your website. Get more people involved in it. Absolutely. We'll do it. The other thing is the Marlins might be interested in getting some of that access FCC fine money and build them a new stadium. That's a great idea. There you go. We've been the taxpayers on F to pay for it. Thanks, Bally. Thanks, Neil. Yeah. Stop FCC.com. I'm going to her right now. You need to play no music. I can whistle this. That's all I have to say. Look at this. The government deciding what you can watch a week and listen to, and a decision to tighter definition of indecency to see and a higher this is great. This is just what we need to thank you amigo. It's already the 60th of a month, and we're just getting around to finding out about this, man. Are we week? And it even has a list of the signatures for the various states so far where it Hells Florida. You see the list? No, you want this? No, look at the they can pick. X is 98008, California 4619 New York. Well, that's because nobody knows about this thing yet. Right. I'm looking for Florida on here. I don't see it. Georgia, 242. I don't see no Florida. I see South Dakota with 21. That's the whole state's pissed off up there. It's gotta be on here somewhere where it helps FL, FL, FL, who put the F and Florida. Oh, it's gotta. There it is. 17, every 65. So it's kind of like, well, let's see, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, we're number six. And I guarantee we're gonna make it number one. We're gonna move above and beyond everybody. Let's get the link on there right away, Eric, if not sooner before I knew before the little hand it's the big hand. I don't want to put the pressure on you. Because it might create some really a run, run, well, you know. Stop, FCC.com. We want the link on there in big, bold red letters. Promoted, everybody should go to this. It says read a message from the author of stop FCC.com. Click here, join the campaign for free speech. Today cash, you vote for the first amendment. Help us get a million signatures. Tell your friends about stop FCC.com. If you're on a website, have a blog post a link. If you're active in message boards post a link. If you remember if the media mentioned the link, call radio stations get the URL on the air. However, you do it, get the word out together. We can make a difference. And then it's got the US Constitution First Amendment. Congress shall make no law respecting establishment of religion or publishing the free exercise they are out or bridging the freedom of speech or the press or the right of people peacefully to assemble the audio audio and position the government for our read-risk grievances. Remember the first amendment, remember how nice they used to be? Yeah. The last five people to sign a petition and it's got names of the people. Look at that. At 1150 a.m. Just in the last, in 1150 there were five people on there. So this is growing like crazy. Doesn't have the names and addresses, does it? Uh, it just has their name in the city. Okay. Then have their address. This is going to fill this out. We, the undersigned, played our support for freedom of speech and expression on the air waves, print the internet broadcast cable and satellite. While we realize that the government has an obligation to protect our children, surely there is needs to be a limit on what is regulated. Adults and parents are capable of making decisions about what to watch read or listen to and are certainly capable of turning off or putting down anything that may offend them or their children. As voting citizens, we ask our elected officials to consider your actions and attempting to further regulate television, radio, cable satellite print or an internet content. We consider further censorship attempts to be unconstitutional and we'll fight these actions by voting for a politician who cares about our rights as Americans. And then it's got a thing for you to relax. Just name address. Uh, huh. Civil report. No, name and city. It doesn't have your street address. Name a city is a code email if you want. It says perverification only. They will not show it to nobody. And that says type your full name as a substitute for your real signature. It'll serve as your e-signature. That's a beautiful thing. Anyway, yes, more importantly, more important than this. Yeah. The ball game might be rained out. Clarence is here. You just can't do that. Let us know that. Oh, he comes in there for that. Well, guess what, we're leaving it to $1.50. Okay, you can do the show. No, I don't want to do the show. No, I mean him. Oh, he can do the show. All right. Great idea. I already mentally am at a justice. See, this is the problem with these damn ball games. No, seriously, this is not acceptable. We can have Josh spin the hits. Yeah, let's let Josh play some hits. Okay. We're already been told that we're getting off here at 12.50. This ballooning the ball game might get rained out. Well, maybe it will, and maybe won't. What about if they play a happening in an egg gets rained out? What do we do then? Come back. No. I mean, you can come back. I'll be out to lunch. I'll be like clearance. I'll be out to lunch. I got to watch date. Wow. So, so what does that mean? What does that mean? What does that mean? Here we are. We have a plan for the miss. That's just what's going on. Well, I'll tell you what I'm going to do right now. I'm going online for Florida. What? That's Florida radar. I see. I'm going to take a puke at the weather radar, because I think he's making it up in the first place. See, he manages to come in there for that. The things that the audience would like to know, the information that we need to put on here. He can't be bothered with that. No. Because he scared of his own shadow. Let's see, Orlando, where's the Florida radar that we're looking for? National radar, short-ray, huh? Miami radar. Well, Miami radar ain't going to be show no Jupiter. Let's see what pops up here on my thing. Oh, there is that beautiful, beautiful lovely. There's a lot of rain over by four buyers in Seagrink. There's a big blob just between four buyers in Sarri, Soda. I don't wish tell I could put this in, oh, there you go. Loop. Who's just going to, is this going to loop it? We're going to do the loop, please. Yeah, there it goes. It's looping over here. Oh, man. You know that ball game? Yeah. Forget about it. Oh, no. Well, no, I mean, let's see. Jupiter is up there by, I haven't been in Jupiter in so long by Melbourne, right? Up in that area? Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, right. In the middle there. Well, no, seriously, is it north of Melbourne? Is it closer to Daytona Beach? It's south of London. South of Melbourne. Oh, it's south of Melbourne, man. Oh, man. It's the way of raining like the end of the, it's going to be raining frogs there, is what it shows here on this radar. It's going to be raining French Canadians. Because there's a huge with greens and yellow is an all kind of stuff. Head in that direction coming from the southwest. We could play it in tape of a game. Yeah, let's play a tape of an old game. Or maybe we can play, I'll tell you what. I'll make a deal with them. Okay. What I'll do is I'll just play some of that leap game again from the last night. All right, so let's say I will play the whole leap game in an hour. That'll kill at last hour. How do you like that? Okay, hey, it'll Casey, but I'll take it. This should be a lot more saying when you crap that he would put on here. 1157 at 560 QAM State Tune. We don't know what else go on here. We're sports radio 560. QAM. This is Mark Morgan. It's the 12 to one hour on QAM. every century. Jim, yeah. Yeah. This is the 11ths finns and our number is set in the 36 number. He's done the show! He sent down all the parties in the outdoor hall! Now my spring breaks, such it's no fun and fall! We see the spikes, but she's red! My god! We can't party naked loud music can't fly! They won't even let you stay out fast, ain't they? The budget minestration is such a drag! We see the spikes, but she's red! I'm proud of you! This is a fashion just send me from crazy jong, get yourself some metal help, John, okay? Wow, that is really a beautiful thing, I don't have time to waste with that crap. Well maybe we will have time, now of course we have no log, and any real radio station they have what's known as a rainout log, Yeah, just right. But you know that, yeah, well, even though you're not a sportsy kind of a guy, when there's a ballgame schedule, you know like a baseball game that things that do get rained on, I have a rainout log, I've board up many of them for what I've written, whether I want to. We have a rainout log for the one to two hour today, I think I can already answer my own question. No! We have a drainout log. Right. The good news is that this stop at CC.com, within just a matter of moments, got three more people to sign up from Florida. We need millions, man. Nobody knows about this thing. I think a great idea would be to, how do we do this? Well if we could just send a message, I would say, I would even raise some money, and I'd be willing to donate myself to like take out ads, and make your newspapers like the New York Times and the Washington Post. To, I'm saying, to promote his website. And to promote the whole concept, the campaign for free speech, stop at CC.com. I mean, even just among the Howard Stern supporters in the six markets, including South Florida, where he's been taken off the year, and of course those people who are peeing in their pants in New York and LA, where he is still on here, and everybody else as well. Bob and Tom, they ought to be on this, right? Right. Stern ought to be on it. Now New York has got only 3245 signatures that say, this and third, behind Texas and California. I think it's ironic that it takes us number one. Nice going, W. And Florida went from, look at this. I thought it was 17, I don't know. I thought it was 17, everyone. So because now it's 18, 26, the signatures are up high on there. Football, not good, Pala, not good, but in this Pala is desired. We're going to have this on our homepage if we have it on there already or not. I don't know. Stay a look. Stop FCC.com and blue letters, no less. You're the best, Eric. You are the best. Go back to your balloony sandwich. Stop FCC.com. There it is. Click on it, man. Just give it a click. When you're through looking at what's your name, Heather Mills. When you're through clicking it, click this. And there you go. And sign up on this deal. And the petition we can have millions of people petitioning. And then of course what they do with these is they send them all the members of the Congress. And once they realize that the public isn't just going to sit back and take these in Decent-see bills that sound so nice and really white and pure without a fight. And I'll say, well, wait a minute. We better take a puke at this, huh? Right. See, that's the problem. They assume that to well, nobody supports smart and indesian sea. Well, again, what else in season? Can anybody define it? Oh, does anybody know what it means? Is the FCC itself know what they were talking about? Oh, no. It's like having to go out on the highway and putting out the speed limit signs in, when some kind of in like a Sanskrit. If you want to say a Sanskrit instead of regular numbers that people can understand so that in other words intentionally so that you don't know what the damn speed limit is so they can nend your ass every time. That's what the FCC is doing now. That's what your government in action is doing. Are they it better? Er, er, don't say that. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 16. Now, what are we going to get the word on this thing with a ball game? When we go to get some kind of a, yeah, when it either starts or doesn't. And then some of us get to sit around just in case it ends. When it either starts or it doesn't. Right. Well, if it's called rained out before 1250, then I'll stick around. If it starts, uh, see ya. Bye, Bob. Well, doesn't that make sense? Am I going to see here on my ass from between 1250 and 2 o'clock? When you're getting paid for the four hours, well, guess what? I just got sick in 1250. I'll be just got a band headache. I got a clearance, zero headache. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line. You weigh in, hello. Very good, don't all. Yes, sir. We're smoking some beach. Oh, you're probably. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon line. So sad, you know, so little time and so many of those. W, Q, A, and hello. I'll ride. Anybody at the underwater must be running canceled. I'll somewhere the underwater colors are starting to come in. Those are my favorite ride. W, Q, and hello. Q, A, M. Yeah, I know, is new air. Speaking. Yeah, I wouldn't do it right now. It's four in canceled dogs. Oh, that's the end of that then. Yeah, I would say go home. I am home. Oh, I know you're home here in Toronto. Thanks, Pally. Rain and cats and dogs in Jupiter, there's the report. Not looking too promising for that game. Well, that's okay. We have no, so I guess it's our Tuesday one to two hour. Uh, Rekin? Of course the only problem is we can't play enough bits to any more that we can fill up. Oh, I got all these tunes. Yeah. Oh, I got a good idea. We could just play one over and over again the whole hour. I'm free to say, all right. Yeah. Freedom's there. It's very, all right. I hear. Oh, I hear. I hear. I hear. I hear. I hear. But you're saying. All right. So something to think about will pull the audience. So to speak. Can we say that anymore? No. Will Rekin make requests of the audience for their opinion. Speaking of that, let's take a look at the poll. See what's going on there. We got that link to stop FCC.com. That's beautiful. I'm so grateful to that guy to call it. I just wish I may put it on the sooner. 542 votes. How has the career channel dumping a Howard Stern effect that you're listening? I never listened to Stern anyway. 2018, 40.2% to 18. I've listened to Radio before 10 o'clock now, 120. I listen to music at a morning now, 57. I listen to Mo and Joe Rose now, 49. I listen to Bob and Tom. Look at that. It's got 30 minutes. Magnificent choice. I listen to old Paul and ancient Ron now, 29. Not much change. I listen to Stern on the net now, 20. I listen to Howard David now, 11. That is embarrassed. Absolutely. And I've turned to a satellite radio 8 out of 542. Good poll. Good response. Good luck to us all. This is a beautiful thing. I've got the fabulous part about this website is. It's one of those that you can kind of track. You know what I mean? Because they show you the last five people to sign up every minute I guess. How about how did they do that? Well, I know it's a little robot things that just don't want to be honest with you. I don't want to be honest with you. Let's see Florida 1842. That means another 16 people have signed up in the last few minutes. Well, that's pretty slow. Let's get with it. Let's get on it. Okay. And don't be giving me this stuff. Oh, I don't want to give them the, my name in Australia. All the other governments got to come after me. Right. If you, if you're that cowardly, how about an animal can get lost? Here's a guy in Lake Worth that just does sign on. Hector. But in the meantime, California, I'll maybe there are talk people doing this all around the country. No, wouldn't that be great? Yeah, would, it would be a beautiful thing. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. WCQA, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Good to see you. Speaking. Hey, Mr. Neil, how are you? Pretty good, Mr. Color. Hey, Neil, did you catch that on PBS that, uh, title of Bell Special with the other 70s? Oh, no. Oh, you didn't catch that? No. Oh, great. Man, they had all the 70s singers, all the soul guys, man. When was this? Oh, Dr. Dick, if he, that is an Atlantic city couple months back. But they're showing it over and over again because PBS, you know, they're the only way to stay on the air is, uh, if the, uh, get donations. Right. Oh, uh, begging, right. Yeah, everybody, they had, uh, everybody about Barry White. You know, but, uh, it was a good show. You know, the stylistic, uh, the Manhattan's. By the way, just got a bullet in here. Very wide is still dead. That's a bad news. You know, now, I, I was watching CNN last night. I'm so sorry. I was saying that there's still going to reprimand 40 other radio stations. Yeah. Throughout America, and this is about what it was in the reprimand fine. I mean, if I under something or whatever, and, and, but they haven't named the stations yet. And then they're saying that this is, uh, this is going to be like a surprise to did the people because of something that they've done in the past. And I just hope one of them in you. So now we've already checked on it. Do you think we got hanging over our heads just for a while? No. And I think it's, uh, he, you know, being archaible. That's one thing. You know, yeah, that, you can't sense the cable. But on the radio, he doesn't deserve to be on a radio doing what he does. He tries to go through the same show on the radio that he does on the TV. Why do you say that? He doesn't deserve to be doing it for 20 years. How can you say that? Well, but he does do a lot of sendings, though. You know, he, he leaves a lot for the imagination. Yeah. But, uh, you know, he, he, he, he, he, he shouldn't be on the air doing stuff that should only do a good deal. Oh, I, I don't, you know, how I saw that? I don't listen to him. I have itless Newman years. I, I don't still me there. I, you know, maybe it's maybe that nice. You know, he's got to grow with some big boobs on there. I might like that. There you go. Good luck at Pally hanging there. All right. Same to you. 1213 at 560 W to Q AM. Stop FC C dot com the campaign for free speech. This is our lucky day man. Oh, wow. We've been looking for an outlet in inlet and, uh, uplet, a downlet, a droplet, something to try to find to build a little momentum here. A place where people can go and express their frustration or anger and they're discussed and nipped us in the bud before just totally out of control if that's possible. Give it a shot. 1213 at 560 W to Q AM. It's the last mortgage you'll ever need. The only one mortgage from financial group. The benefits are incredible. You pay zero closing costs. Zero application fee zero credit bureau fee even zero discarded points. Get yourself at unbeatable new low interest rate. It just 1.25%. If you have a hundred thousand dollar loan. You pay only three thirty four a month. If you have a two hundred thousand dollar loan. You pay only six sixty eight a month. And don't forget once you'll be finance. To get a new home mortgage from financial group. You'll never ever pay closing costs again. So call that toll free number. One eight six six three nine five land. Get that low rate mortgage. You deserve to move to a nice property. With no further cost of expense. You pay zero underwriting fee zero dot fees zero closing costs. Even when you move to another property. Get the new low rate financing. Just 1.25%. With the only one mortgage from financial group. For the tails call at new toll free number. One eight six six three nine five land. And never pay closing costs again. One eight six six three nine five L a n d. There were an equal housing lender. Restrictions apply. Rates up to change monthly 4.21 APR. The law. This is which we're going to fix it. You way. But. Thanks. To the. To the. To the. To the. To the. To the. To the. To the. To the. To the. To the. To the. To the. To the. To the. To the. To the. To the. To the. To the. To the. To. To the. To. To the. To. To the. To the. To the. You're being done! But my team has really been cancelled out, so you'll prevent this word. Alright. Also, I got an email here from your best friend, Norma Kim. Yes? Oh, I forgot. This is all about that for me. Why, Sam? So that I can email him that other email that I sent to you that other day, or... Remember? Oh, yeah. Anyways, is hello dear. I tread these waters, but AIDS Project Florida and the Baltimore Oreos are conducting an AIDS Awareness Night on Saturday March 27 at 7pm at the Oral Stadium Commercial Boulevard in Fort Lauderdale. It's the only evening home game before the start of the season. It's a fundraising effort tickets available by calling the Development Department at 9.54, 537-41-11 for only 20 bucks. Could you be kind enough of voted on your show? I think I just did Norma. Or put a link on your site to www.apfl.org so that people might acquire seats online to support this word because, Sign your Faglor and Agent Thank You. PS, by the way, I tried, but the Liberal Radio never wanted a real queen so they took Randy. When she bust out, they have your name and number if they last that long. See, I wasn't referring to that make believe radio network. That's when I was talking about. But I'm going to want to... Why even go through this again, you know? Because I'm not going to go back to doing that kind of show, light bulb radio. I'm not doing that, no, Mo. See what I'm saying? Because that's what they want. And unfortunately, it's going to go over like Halleva in... ...day rude? Denmark. So there we go, the let's see. Saturday, March 20, what I'll do is I'll... ...facts this to you during the break. What? Okay. And you'll have the email address you're looking for. And then also you can pass this on to Eric. And we can put a little blurb on this on there, right? Okay. Okay. So there you go Norma, no extra charge. Okay. In fact, how about a discount now? Since you and Greg, you have such a great relationship. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Now, the only thing about this website, I'm a little bit concerned. I'm trying to refresh it. Are you looking at it? Just stop the FCC.com. No, right now. Why not? What do you think about, man? What do you think about our website? Oh, it's just changing in 1909. It doesn't refresh like Arthing, Does in other words, every few minutes it does. Right. 19, every nine, which means this thing is zoomed up. That's another 80, 83 in Florida, just in last couple of minutes here. Let's see. Here's the, yeah, here's a gene in for Lauderdale. Just a bitter thing. And a California is coming in heavy duty. So maybe somebody on the you're out there. It's 920 in a morning out there. Where you got people, huh? Am I in there yet? Oh, you, uh, did your thing? Yeah. I can't figure out how to get to that. To get to what? What you're looking at? A little read out. When you log on to stop fcc.com. Uh-huh. And you're looking at all the states on the left, right, that it shows how many from Texas and California and Arizona and New Mexico, like Howard. And you got that little gray thing with the first amendment there. Okay. Under that, the last five people to sign the petition. Oh, I see. Now, of course, you might not ever come up on here because you see what's in. Right. There's so many people log on out of it that you might, they might, depending on when they get in. I don't know. Ask Josh there. He can tell you how that works. Kenny. Maybe. Well, like I said, he can't tell you. Don't worry about it. Okay, believe me. If you, it's not like voting in Florida where you don't know if you're vote counts. If you set the thing in there, uh, you're on it because the number is, see, what I'd like to see happen. And if we have to stick around here to a clock, which is going to be really, uh, unfortunate for some of us who are, yeah. See you get in a hell of works. You get emotionally and mentally prepared. The show is the X number of hours long. And then all of us and you find, oh, I guess what? You got another hour and ten minutes to go. Holy crap. See, I want to see his hop over Ohio. Head Pennsylvania. And New York at California at Texas. Right? Yeah. That's what I want to see is do right during the show. Right. I want to see his hop next over Ohio. And then Pennsylvania. And then New York at California at Texas. Okay. Now we'll pass Ohio like they're standing still because we got 1909 and Florida signatures and Ohio's got 1980, which wasn't very good. You're Reagan got him. Hey, transletoe. I read these facts as a very important change of font size, Travis. Yeah, Travis, uh, change your font size. Okay. And the guy in New York keeps facting in though we can never read it. His facts is that all. What kind of New York? I know eight to four one seven times. Well, okay. I give it out on New York. It's not a facts number. I can't facts him back. I've tried a million times. Yeah. The only way that he'll know. Now we can't read his facts was about. He's on the internet. Obviously, wouldn't he? Right. Right. He was listening. Hey, guy in New York. We can't read your facts. He's nine away. Whatever you are. Anyway, when you get back to business here and stop worrying about that, there's a nice circular thing. And then throw some of the facts in there too. Well, pass Ohio. Like they're standing still. Then we got a good shot at Pennsylvania. 2423. It'll take us a while to get to the top. By the end of the week, that's my goal. Okay. I mean, granted, it doesn't make all that much difference. Where the signatures come from. At least that word, where it make a difference. See what I'm saying? Make a little bit of a difference in your life before they stick your ass in a box and stick it in the ground. Just make a little bit of difference. And this goes back to what I talked about at the beginning of the show. And I want to testize the rest of you people out there. Where the hell have you been, huh? Hide under a rock somewhere, is that it? I guess. How come it took that guy for us to find out? See, we're so isolated on this radio station, man, on its sports bull crab station. They can't even get their goddamn ball games on because a little thing's like a little rain, okay? They ran out hockey game? No, football game? No. Ah, squash? No. Cricket? No. No. Horse racing? No. Then get right out. Unless it's like I'd deluge like the end of the world. They slosh around there and the mud and the muck. Right? Yeah. That's when it's great when the track is like muddy up to the horses knees on the watch. It's a beautiful thing. And the drivers all got the god rolls on there. And Donald Brainer turns around and goes back to the padlock in the middle of the race. Nice gone, Donnie. Somebody give him a compass in a road map. Anyway, we're going to, we'll get to over 2,000 year very soon. Now, what do we have? We had 1,700 and something when we started. I think we're already making an impact on here, Mr. Stop, FCC.com. Fed up with a government deciding what you can watch. Read and listen to in addition to tighter definition of indecency and higher fines for broadcast. The FCC is also talking about regulating cable and satellite broadcasts. I never did read the message from the author by the way. Never clicked on that, did you? No. He says, you know, something I just did. And I think I'm going to put it on read it. Anyway, it says help us get a million signatures. Tell your friends about stopfcc.com. If you want a website or have a blog post to link. If you're active in message boards post to link. If you remember the media mentioned the link. Call radio stations. Get the URL on the air. However, you do it. Get the word out together. We can make a difference. And then it's got the first amendment right there in front of your face. Not too complicated. And then it'll keep changing. The last five people did it. And the one I printed out at $153. The five were from Florida. One in North Miami and two in Fort Lauderdale. How do you like that? And this outstanding outstanding. So it can actually see. You know, there's no guarantees. It's a long shot. You know what I mean? Give it a shot. Make it every. Don't just sit back and roll over and play dead. Here's the facts from what does it say? I live about five minutes from the stadium. It is raining now. Jupiter is about 20 miles north of West Palm Beach. Playa, I know where it has been. 20 miles south of Stewart. Northern Palm Beach counter from Jupiter. John, I've been there John, but trying to forget it. It's out of this world. I noticed you said Howard is on the net. Since I heard him say he's not just where and how do people pick him up on the net. Could someone tell me. Where have I seen that thing where it shows you how you can hear Howard on the net. I give up. Damn it. I've seen it on the net. Some of them should they do a search. They could find it. Yeah. Just to do a search Howard for and I'll show you how you can. I have to go through a big saw in a dance. Which is why more people aren't listening. Wow. This is a banner day. This one we thought we were just about done with our duty here. And of course one to two hour, which if we have no ball given looks pretty dubious. And now what's the deal here? Are we actually going to go to them and then go through a long saw and then say, Well we're sitting here and we're in a rain delay. Is that the way it's going to work? Are we just going to say the rain? The game has been canceled. Don't know. And probably the second one. Probably the second one. In other words, we're probably not going to go to them if they call the game. Of course you're asking clearance who has got anybody on the air between 10 and 11 or clock schedule to work tonight. So we have an hour of silence then. So why don't we just have an hour of a set? I'll tell you what we'll swap. We'll make a trade. This is like a baseball trade. We'll make the trade with the big go in any cave. We'll trade them the 10 to 11 hour. It's a capplin for the one to two hour. See what I'm saying? So any, any can go on a 10. We'll just have the dead hour the silent hour between one and two. Of course the only problem with that is, Oh, that's another point. Who's going to be on a two? I never thought about that. We don't know. If the game is rained out, who's going to be on a two o'clock clearance? All of these things, man. You talk about preparation. And this is supposed to be the sports expert. This puts what? A little punk. 28 past noon at 5. 60 WQM spring into savings right now and saved like never before. On a great new car or truck for Marm Strong's Toyota of Homestead. They run US 120 minutes off of the 836 Armstrong's Toyota of Homestead is worth a drive no matter where you're hanging it out to save thousands on great new Toyota's. Check out these great leases and O4 camera your 400 for just 269 a month for 48 months. How about an O4 Highlander for just 309 a month? Need a truck? How about an O4 Toyota Tundra, the safest truck in America? Just 179 a month for 48 months. These are just some of the savings going on right now as I speak. At Armstrong's Toyota of Homestead. And now with the toll increases on the turnpike on people using cash. Armstrong's Toyota will give you a free sun pass when to get your new car truck there. General manager David Richen is thankful to do whatever it takes to put you in a great new Toyota today. So experience the Armstrong Toyota of Homestead, their friends are locally owned and operated. And they're committed to making you a happy camper 100%. Their service department is open late weeknight to late to make sure your service work is done and done right too. Easy to get there no matter where you live it's right at US 1 and 293rd Street in Homestead. Just 20 easy months out of the 836. So please do yourself a favor. Don't waste your time at those mega dealers or car giants who always over promised an under deliver. And give you their dealership under false pretends get a great deal. By calling our good friend David Rich the GM at Armstrong's Toyota of Homestead. 305242. 3247. 305242. 3247. Grab a little and save a ton on that great new Toyota at Armstrong's Toyota of Homestead. Just ride and local. Here's for 20560's UN. 2AM. Bush 8th days. Bush 8th days. See how he'll pass. A gay amendment ban. The octopens is going to go to become a married home. Will always discuss it unless you're a happy day. The union of the man and woman is the most enduring human institution. So what are you actually going to do, George? I think he's a constitutional amendment to protect marriage in an act. I heard that you once got married to a bottle of whiskey. When the best decisions I ever made. I was drinking Jagged Angels all the time. Party Party Party Party Party Party Party Party. Party say still one at five 60 WQM. We may or may not have Marlon's baseball. Looks pretty unlikely I would say wouldn't you? Unlikely. When you take a look at that radar man it is just like the end of the world is coming up there in Jupiter. Looks like a whole lot of rain is going to fall on Jupiter or maybe spill over to Uranus. Here's the message from the guy that put this website started it. Stop at CC.com. He says I started stop at CC.com because I'm tired of politicians standing up and talking about protecting our freedom one day. And then the next day they're pushing the FCC to find a broadcaster. Millions of dollars of awards that offend the few campaign contributors. A few large media companies and politicians get to decide what I can watch read and listen to. I guess in this election your freedom only means fighting terrorism and doesn't include the first amendment. Now the FCC is talking about trying to regulate cable and satellite when did this country turn communist. We need to tell the government that this is not acceptable and the only thing they seem to want to listen to is votes and money especially in election year. The whole idea here is to collect a lot of legitimate names not like some of these other petition you see on the net that are more about advertising than making a difference. This is for real we verify email addresses we ask for an e-signature made possible by legislation passed by President Clinton when you sign this petition it's like signing a legal document this is the real deal. Once we get a lot of names we plan on sending letters to politicians that say things like Dear Senator ABC whatever name is based on the statistics from the petition stop at cc.com. There are 12,345 people in your district who have pledged support for free speech and against further censorship we urge you to reconsider your recent actions to the FCC and pledge your support for free speech show the voters your serious about their first amendment rights. We already have had people from different governments servers looking at the petition the more people that signed the petition the more attention will get. Help support the campaign signed the petition and then tell as many people as you can about what we're trying to do thanks for your support Scott. P.S. if you remember the media would like more information about the campaign please email me listen to me on Howard Stern on March 11,5 days ago so this guy was on with the Howard. Got it got it. Well, let me ask you something if he was on with Howard how come they only got 323 signatures from New York. Oh, because he's done on the new stations anymore. In New York I'm kidding. Seriously, if he was on with Howard Howard's audience isn't politically motivated. What are you talking about? Howard's audience? You mean the, the part of the audience? Yeah, then the Luzbians and the Bologna on the butt. The Bologna on the butt crowd? Yeah, I'm sure right you said on the butt. That's right. Five six seven just shut up five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the AT and T and Verizon. Marlesla so we're waiting breathlessly here. He defined out what the hell did he was going to be with the ball game with the very, very important Marlins orials game. Of course tomorrow night again that originally was scheduled in the Yorker, where in the clearance will be played instead of the macaroon of the armors and the Panthers. Big hockey game Panthers a chance to move within five points of maybe a possible playoff spot and maybe hop over Buffalo. That leap would over Buffalo last night over time six five. That might deflate the sabers enough that they're just going to tank it now. WQA and hello. Question. The horizon situation, the economy, freedom of speech. Yeah. What do you mean is that due to the bush administration or is that due to the after effects of equipment administration? The after effects of the Clinton administration? Or the bush administration privately. What do you think they've been in office for three years? How long you got to be blaming Clinton? I don't know. Sometimes there's a latency effect. A latency. A latency. I think if you look at the mirror you'll understand the true meaning of that words are latent. Five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the AT and T and Verizon wireless line. You know, the rest of the world they're on the bush and have been for a long time. And I'm looking at these polls again. The ones that came out today. The very latest and it's almost even Stephen is appointed to a head of carry. How is this possible? This man should be in impeachment proceedings right now. Just line to the public. Tramp all over their rights. Pass a phony medic here. Bill is a phony is an eighty-two dollar bill. Do everything in your power until finally pressure starts to make you cave in as far as prescription drugs. Inportation of cheaper drugs from Canada so the public doesn't have to continue to get raped. Continue defending all your friends in big business and giving tax cuts to the rich. Continue justifying the outsourcing of millions of jobs. Continue making up numbers of new jobs that you're going to create that never materialize. And the American people are like, what is it take? What does it take? And just like this issue, here's a here's a guy that's trying very hard to do something. I'm looking at these numbers. I mean this thing has been on there since the first of the month evidently. And the grand total of signatures is about, well I don't know, 40 some thousand. He should have like 10 million signatures in here. But he of course again, keep in mind. Probably a lot of people don't know about it. We sure didn't. We'll see. We'll see how many of the show how many people will write a letter will make a send a facts send an email. Do anything make a phone call. Most people I'd like these talk shows. You know, like I've always told you, talk is cheap. But you know, everybody's got a big mouth. But when it comes to really following through like you like the thing, if he was on with Howard Stern on the level of the march. And they have 30, 4,5 signatures from there. And that's New York state. How is that possible? Can you explain it to me? California, which Howard's on in LA, 4675. Something's rotten somewhere. How about you QN? Hello. Yes sir. This I'm calling to find out about it. I think there are one of your sponsors that pick a defense team. Do they have a 1-800 number? Yes sir. They should do 1-800-741-836. 741-836. 836. You know where they're located? Gables right? Where are they George? I don't know. Gables. Give them a call. All right. Thanks man. You went. Sorry. I was talking to Doug about what we're doing. We are going to be throwing it to them. And they might throw it back at us. But we're talking to... Yeah. Well what does that mean for how long? For a throw to them. We're going to throw to them. And then some of us, Josh and myself, are going to be waiting around. Well what does that mean? In other words, we haven't had a determination yet what the game is going to be played. Correct. So in other words, that's like a message. Leave go to lunch at 12.50. Is that what Doug is saying? Go to lunch? George. That was a question. Is that everyone there's a question? Yes. One hopes for an answer. We don't... We're expected to wait around. No one's expecting you to. Why not? I don't want you to get in pain. They would like for you to stay around. But no one's going to tell you that. No one has to pause to say anything. I'll be glad to stay around. Listen, I waste 600 pounds. I can wait another hour for lunch. You got such a bunch of pussy's there. Me. Why didn't they just say hang around? Games go in. Probably get rained out. Just wait a few minutes. They'll send it back to you. And then just figure out what we're going to do to a clock. What is wrong, man? Seriously, I couldn't go through life like that. If I were that much of a coward. Oh, if our is spymeless is most of the people I building. And you know where it comes from? He'd like the old saying. If the fish thinks that they had. If it's rotten at the head, then the rest of it is rotten. And that's the problem. You got a spymeless leader there in that joint. And everybody else is walks around. Just shaking in their boots. So pin in their pants. They're afraid of their own shadow. Brother. I'll stay here right for the duration. How do you like that? I'm not going to let you boot. I mean, do the last hour. No, you're better when you're prepared. You're not. You're not on top of it when you just come to the hair. Here you go, George. We're like the day that's a power when I'll hear. Remember that day? Yeah, well, there was a lot of chaos that day. And I kept telling you we had 30 minutes. And the power, the backup power supply was going to like. And sure enough, they're going to like that. And that was it. And then I ran in the other room and finished the, uh, some of the show on the phone. Right. We'll get it done. Don't worry about it. Okay. You got some real broadcasters here. Not a bunch of old sports stars. They used to mount the 70s, other scratches somewhere in the locker room. You're talking about some real broadcasters here. One of whom meaning me is the plenty of scratches. And I didn't locker room either. Anyway. StopFCC dot com. Man, I think we hit the mother load today. Oh. Florida. Look at that. We're over 2000. Now 2003. We just passed a high. Do you see that? Woo. I'm proud. We're 15 signatures ahead of Ohio. This is the most exciting thing that, and even if it doesn't amount to a, uh, P. Hold on the slow as they say. At least. Right. At least somebody's getting a little bit of excitement. Motivation do something. Make a statement. Stand up and have a spine. I'd like to people look you. Have a spine. Instead of laying in a soupine position all your life. Have a spine. Take the you out of soupine. Have a spippin pimpin pimpin. What the hell is that? Time to treat. What's your, what was that myself on? Do you know how I did that word? Who would have had to call me on my cell phone? And the other room now. The middle I show. Remember. Wait a minute. That was a call for Brian. Four Brian. Brian. Right. Brian. You know, I was excited. I was excited. Yeah. Some young guy. I don't know what he looks like. And I don't go there. No. Not the current climate. I guess I wonder what he. Like. That is exciting. We moved ahead of Ohio and by the end of the show by two o'clock. When we got 400 to go to catch Pennsylvania. But by the time I sit my fan asked down here to Marmor and get 10 o'clock. I predict we're going to be in second place behind only Texas. Why? I wonder why Texas is so big. Maybe maybe this Scott guy. I'm you. This guy is from Texas. You think? Could be. Maybe they got the word around there. Or maybe because the Texans are there on the bush. They're going to have to solve all about. They do all about it. They're round with big time. So I guess if you keep refreshing this and then you can take a look and see the last five people where they came from. Look at that floor to 2021. We're editing an on Pennsylvania. And as I look at the bottom here where it's just the last five people. Nobody from Florida. Are you Jersey? Where we fetched it. There was a Fort Latter than earlier. No Jersey, Illinois, California, New York, and California again. So somebody must be on the air California. A push in this. Right now it's is great. Because it's like 945 in the morning out there. So just keep banging away and it folks. Stop scc.com. WQAM. Hello. Hey. Pretty good. Hey. Hey. What's the name of the Russian Lindbull here? Yes, sir. Yeah. That's for an afraid magazine over the weekend. Uh huh. A fucker of it. Okay. Great. Oh, no. We better do the break. Good. And look. This is Fort Latter. We have 2 AM. Okay. That ball game is coming up briefly. Not. Go to the more than that work right. And then they're going to throw it back at us. Back at you. Right or so. Or something like that. Just stand by. Stand by for more crap. But Thome with Yelaki. Jesus Christ. Oye.