It's the draft baby. I'm at your judge's all pumped up for that draft. Oh yeah. Why do I eat breakfast? I miss this ball ring. What's better than a live radio show every morning on TV? Well, just about anything. But that hasn't stopped MSNBC from teeming up with radios original bad boy. Who now looks like an SD over. Listen, Bernie. I'm a cell-ed intern as copy sucks. Yes, every morning, see I miss with new tape above the people's carony bits. Live on the air. I did a hammer to bite into this month and just wanted to get that fresh one blade. See, his wild behind the scenes at it. I also made a bit of a tiny eye-man, you're at a wall or a cook-o-co-co-choo. Now get me some fresh coffee or your fire. I miss. He's irreverent. So what's the deal with the ball? He's topical. So what's the deal with his water date break? He's in coherent. I'll tell you what. That's a double-man. What does that mean? I don't know. He's Irish. I've been standing still. And he's only on MSNBC. A cable channel, nobody watches. And a bunch of AM radio stations go. But he listens to them. And somebody gets some fresh jingles. It's Irish. He's something else, alright. I don't think we can say that we're on the air now, Mo. Oh, huh. He could say nobody would know what he said. Exactly. He's a little incoherent is what it is. When he gets to be at 96 and he's done all that substance stuff that he's done. Yeah. Anyway, we're picking up right where we left off yesterday. Right before another thrilling Marlins win, they're just unbelievable. They win just about every snake in Dave. You believe that? Every, they just, you know. Yeah. Other than that, brave series, they just don't lose no more. Even George has whipped up about that. I'm sure he can't figure out what she's more excited about. The NFL draft or the Marlins. Jesus. Think about it. Anyway, here's what we're going to do. Who used to say that? Tell you what I'm going to do. Did Jimmy Durani say that? Something like that. Yeah, you like that. Go to Brian Woodenow. The worst hit song, top 40 hits song of all time, is I'm taking the top dozen. Any song we got 40 or more votes yesterday? I'll carry those over and then we'll add to them today. And then they'll be on their all weekend long and you can't fight about it. We got some to add to it. That's just a little hint of one dough there. Wow. Anyway, achy, breaky heart is leading the pack of 161. Macarena 141. You let up my life. The anxious Debbie Boone. A hundred must be a genetic thing. Feelings 88. Don't worry. Be happy. Bob and McFerran 75. Also 75. The Baham and who let the dogs out. Haven't my baby. Paul Aker. The Gawd a Kaker. 70. disco duck 61. Ice ice baby 51. We built this city by Starship. 49. Evident every 48. Seasons in the Sun by the ridiculous Terry Jacks 45. Muscad love had 37. Why don't we do all of these? Oh boy. Well, not really. I'll just do the ones with the double digits. I will always. Sorry. Party all the time. 36. He bangs 34. I will always love you 24. Whitney Houston. She blows. Yummy. Yummy. Twenty two. Barbie girl 19 by aqua. Which I thought was kind of cute. But not to you folks. Billy don't be hero 18. He's got a girl by the very depressing terminal and pondress Bobby Goldbrook. 17. Ty yell a ribbon round the Tony Orlando's neck 16. After him the light 14. The serpent bird 13. In the year 25 25 by cigarette Evans. I have no idea why they don't like that. 12. What was wrong with that song? Nothing. That's the worst hit song about time. I think I love you by the cartridge family. We took us right up to the ball game. It's day which we really were. It was great. In fact let's just play it all day today. What do you say? Just the gravity eye. David and the whole game. Surely. Yeah. Anyway it had a dozen. Honey another very syrupy depressing song by Bobby Goldbrook and also my heart will go on 11. My heart will go on by the very very nauseating, silly and beyond. We're about to depart from here. Rock and roll part 2 10 escape. The pinnacle on us on 9 didn't know that it was called escape. See 10. I didn't know that. Oh bloody obla. I said I was only going to do a double it. So that's it. That's so we're taking the top dozen and then we'll add to it. Let's see before we do Cindy Crawford. Do you want to do Cindy Crawford? I'll do. The give will get to any pressing stuff out of the way. PFC Clayton Hansen was supposed to come home from Iraq April 16th. Instead he was killed on April 17th when his convoer was ambushed in the D1ia. Hansen 20 of Texas believed to be the first to die among the 20,000 troops who's deployment in Iraq was extended this month and there'll be more. Supposedly he was almost on the plane when they've stitted for three months at Mark Cotton, the principal at Stanton High School in Stanton, Texas. For him to get killed just a couple days after that Cotton said his voice training off he was ready to come home he'd been there for a year. The young soldiers this death has hit the close to Texas town of the 2000 hard and it goes on. But we're not supposed to talk about those things and we certainly don't want to see pictures of those cascades and tisket at tasket do not photograph those cascades. Just remember free to make free. I see. Anyway, the Pentagon lost its tight control over the images of cascades returning from Iraq is about 350 such images were released under the Freedom of Information Act and a Seattle newspaper published a similar photo taken by a military contractor. After a dover Delaware Air Force base the main port will be turning range with these hundreds of government photos of the ceremonies the defense department ordered Thursday that no more photos be released. See they don't want you to see this stuff because it's bad it's just a not good PR. Because you assume that if those flag-rabe cascades are coming back there might actually simply be a body in there. In addition to employees for defense contractor may take aircraft were fired after the Pentagon complaint about a photo flag-grave cascades taken by one of them apparently see atle times. In March 2003 on the eve of the war in Iraq the Pentagon ordered an end to all media coverage of ceremonies for the returning remains of soldiers killed overseas. And again because they know what happened to her Vietnam when a kid started coming home and body bags people started shrieking and screaming this is madness is insanity breaking a sport you know, mole. And that was the beginning of the end for all of that although it took several years. But at least there's got to be a beginning. But we should want to assure them photos. Okay, now get into something a little more pleasant. Sydney Crawford. Now everybody nobody don't know who Sydney Crawford is but anyway just in case. Cynthia and Crawford that's her real name did you know that? No. Why you do now see our redland something was born on February 20th, 1966 that makes her 38. Pretty old. And the now that's just a joke. And he calmed a little as she was discovered by a chance by a newspaper photography photographer who noticed then 16 year old Cindy worked during your summer job of detaseling corn and took a picture of her that was her job. She was the tassling corn. I never heard that term in my life. Is that like a corn shucker? The photo when the positive feedback surrounding cities photo 10 accounts were not the committed or quit or day job and take up modeling. Thanks to two summers of modeling represented by elite model management of Chicago, the all American duty proved also have brains. She traded in a glamour's life of a model to study chemical engineering at Northwest University of scholarship. No, it's a bit you didn't know that. I had no idea. After allegedly being romantically linked to Robert De Niro and Valetilmer Cindy finally became Mrs. Randy Gerber in 1998 and probably enjoyed that baby food. And maybe she's feeding that baby food or some, pressly walker that's her kids name, Pressly walker, Gerber. Did you say it about that? Starts later kids stupid things. She graduated the movie, so I'll be at unsuccessfully in 1995 Film Fair game, co-starring Billy Baldwin. So there's Cindy Crawford she's behind the velvet rope behind the abdc. Behind the a thing there we had a screen. And we had a heavy duty thick screen and just in case you're over the age of 100 and you have plenty of idie to prove it you can take a peek at it real quick. Not too long though. Because John Ascroff followed his eyes he's monitoring you man he is watching you right now. I've got a great sense of humor. Who's a real goofball? Yeah. Jim Sarny. Oh, a major, a mass hole. Well I'm so glad that we destroyed you. I was, that was great. I like that one. I'll bet you do. He's a major, mass hole. That's with an M. He writes at the end of his marginal sports broadcasting column and it's so sad. It's so tragic. Reading the Sunsetless marches. It's good to have the crow back talking baseball on WQA. Manning. Oh, manning. You are such a silly person Jim Miss Sarny. You are just a clown. Wow. That is tragic. Wall Street Journal reports that the FCC is fine. MS Communications $42,000 that's the MS. For six alleged in decent broadcast in Chicago. MS is filed administrative appeals of four of the fines totaling 28 grand and considering what actually take for the remaining fines according to the form 8k, whatever that is filed yesterday with the SEC. The FCC also said that it is an inquiry related to five additional broadcast on the Chicago station and five broadcasts of one of the company's state Louis stations. These inquiries could result in additional fines rather than force the action for the company. The filing said, so that's the MS they got to restue. That'll teach them to come up with an aim like that. The MS. Okay. Now we're going to be adding thousands of names to this list today. I don't know if Josh is up to it. Can he head a little? Yeah. So we can. So we can. Schmidt can that other one. It's on there now Eric. And you can just go. Several meals as a matter of fact. Eric. Just have yourself a wonderful day relax. Everything is under control. We've got a great link too. I should point out. Where did you discover that? Somebody give us a tip on that. What are my mistresses? Email that to me. No, seriously. Okay. I'll mix something up. Oh, what is your mistresses? I'm getting somebody to find a listener. Email that to me. One of his mistresses emailed him. This infotainment today.com. And what a great website that is. I realize it's probably a little bit too long for most of. Nimble minded people out there even. But we got the link to it right there. It's our top link on our website right above GregPolash.com. So there's one more reason to go under. Just to the left of the ugly nasty looking mean spirited condolese a liar. Just to the left of her up. There's the links. Okay. This infotainment today. .com. Pretty damn good site. I'm pretty impressed. WQA. Not there on our first call. Okay. That's an element of things to come. I'm afraid that that's all right. Because when all these promos we got for all the activities going on this weekend. All I got to do is read those about 10, 15 times we're out here. Just like yesterday. That was great. Man, oh man. Lots more Marlon ball games is what we need starting it about the 12, maybe 12, about 30. 12, 30. That was beautiful. And especially. Yeah, especially when the last half hours all spots. I noticed a muffin coming and say when it was there this morning, whining about the usual, whatever. Didn't say, but I was quite a job either there with a getting those 12 minutes in and making it almost sound like listable between 12 and 12, 30. I noticed she didn't have that to say our own personal program director. Which probably took two concern about what she's going to be doing in key west this morning at this week. And whatever she's going to do, I'm a. 12 minutes after 10 at 5, 60 WQA, and I'm going to have been putting off the home improvement dream because you're afraid it just might turn into a nightmare if you do business with the wrong people. Here's the answer for you. Called a Zon concept builders, they're the answer they're the right people. Design concept builders is going on the top home remodlers in San Foto since 1983 for the following reasons. They're 100% Christmas satisfaction with their no excuses policy. They refuse to have an unhappy customer. They offer quality work at a fair price and design concept builders exclusive five year labor warranty on top. Why take the risk of a nightmare when you're adding on something your house a kitchen a bathroom windows any other project. Called a Zon concept builders and have peace of mind that they're going to do a stupidious job at nine five four seven one eight sixty seven sixty six or find them on a web at design concept builders dot com. Find blessings available with no payments for six months with a proof credit. You can also get you a 10% discount on all your remodeling through the end of April only with design concept builders. And then make that call for a stupidious job at a guaranteed fair price call nine five four seven one eight sixty seven sixty six nine five and low this is for 23. Five six. I have this. I have this. I have this. Now. Now. Now. Now. Now. Now. Don't you know I'm not making sure where I get to the show where you're stupid baby. You know. And you know. You know. I want you to be like. Nobody wait. Nobody. Nobody. Nobody. You know, my. I'm not. I was doing. I'm moving. I mean. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I can't direct some February baby I'm shove your fleeting baby I don't wanna change You're human baby baby I'm enjoying my long-fake Asian time With the friends of my name, Bandsar I'm not gonna be a baby Now I was just calling the British And he said that everything's fine And the time to relax, I don't need a big smile That was my time with your stupid baby I don't wanna change your skill with baby baby Baby baby What's your baby baby Former NFL star Pat Tillman killed an action in Iraq He left the NFL in 2002 and now he's dead Just in on CNN, got it? Are you eating again? How is it? Oh, well, it's okay Rick, he varies between being a good faction A real pain in the ass Facts as, I see we don't have any control, I'm sure of it Even though I'm not technically up to date on the banner ads on a website They just, they are whatever they are, right? They rotate, it's a secret The record course is given, I see I can't stand it when people do this On your website, you have a banner ad for the US Navy recruitment And that he says, take that crap off until Eric to put down that chalopen Scream those banner ads with a little more care Do this, do that, we don't take orders, okay Rick Put some more beer And muskrats and stuff on the website And another ad of this Look for the QM van, new into one today At the Cracksit Business Center at 6625 Miami Lakes Drive Stop by and register when free office space for a year You can also spend a prize wheel for Marlon tickets And enjoy free food from Atlantic City's subs And, and then we got some other problems But I'll get to them eventually I'm not sure if I want to be yours You may not be with us that long 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and team for Eisenhower's line The worst hit song, top 40 of all time is Now we took the top dozen from yesterday And we'll add on thousands from today If of course the phone starts to ring and if not, I'll just play them How's that? Whichever ones I've got I like Like that, I'm just playing that all day And that other QM hello Why is kids changing their format? You're a trouble maker, get off QM hello QM hello Hey, new how's it going? Alright Let me ask you a question like, I'm four years ago I try to get into the Marines, but they didn't want to accept me Because I had a GED instead of I go to the ploma And now they recruit calls and talk about they'll take me now What does that have to do with what we're doing now? Get out of here, get lost, go join the Marines, okay? Now let me ask you something And it just slipped my mind, it's something very important before he called with that idiotic with that non-secretary And I'm saying he's got his own agenda, go join the Marines, okay? BMR, you know I'll take you up to it You know what I should have told him just before I clicked them off there Yeah, that might have inspired him Take right down to the recruitment office and hop right on in 560560 pound for oh and so anyway that the group all are called a men to go that's what I was going to say Did kids actually change the format? I don't know Oh, don't you remember the guy that called yesterday? I wanted to know we said we check it out for my media should sit inside the building is the same ownership of that radio station Even though they're not on the building, shouldn't we have some idea what's going on? Oh, got a hotline somewhere And you tell me that nobody in that building knows if kids change their format from country to urban? No, they don't believe country in this building, they listen to sports Jay and Davy says you need to get here's another one giving us instructions You need to get the call of microadmin some artists that if you haven't heard it, Davy and Boyn sounds lost We're song nominee here we go let's get back to it, okay? Girl, you know it's true by millivinally. Oh, what a horrible song and what a horrible non-group Girl, you know it's true, you got it? We got it. There's one and then let's stick this on there right now There's the man who put the mong and mongrojiri In the summertime got it good. 560 50560 pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line W to QA and hello Yeah, sir. You forgot one yesterday What do you mean yesterday? Well, you've put it on today, I guess that's what we're doing it now. Yesterday was just a tease that was just the beginning Well, I got one. Yeah, I replied What is it? I realized You realize what? That's name of it. By swan package W to QA and hello I These boots are made for walking by the way. That's a good one An anti-snapra One of these words Can't complain about her singing because she don't do anything. Thank you. These boots are made for walking And that was a big hit. Could have been because the last name was synopher cut it Oh, thanks. Oh, just coincidence She 567. Oh, 560 pound 5 what? She sure could sing 60 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line. She was almost as good as Frank's after a junior Oh, she never got kidnapped. I'll go say to think hey, Steve W to QA and hello Yeah, do I have? Yes, sir Does it mean he'll? Sounds like me Hey, he'll I got one for you The coming to pick me away Napoleon the 13 I think we didn't we put that on there Somebody called that in yesterday I think I've got chance to listen to your story Well, I don't think we put it on there. I think you just discovered one of those screwups I'll take a look at it. Thanks, Sally It is on, isn't it? I don't know Somebody called it in or they phased it. I remember the facts They're coming to take me away. I'm looking on here and somebody didn't put it on our list I can't imagine who that could have been Can you? For just a slip of it. That's what the days for it To kind of fill in the cracks right that we may have left open yesterday We have kind of a minor crack problem here. They're coming to take me away You got it? Got it. Three great job, John 560 5050 560 on a AT&T how many thousand of these songs could be possibly put on there? About 30,000 Although Oh, and not to be left out because if I don't do this right now, we'll forget about it And we can't forget about this Oh, God It's a It's a It's a It's a It's a It's a It's a It's a Oh, the Anolog At night Makes me sad Roll Yet Bring it down And go right Tossin And turn it And freeze it And burn it I have no line crying There we go There we go There we go There we go There we go There we go There we go Bobby Sherman Could he sing? No, or what? She couldn't sing her way out of a paper sack I'm like Nancy Sinatra Only just a little bit more Macho Not too much Julie Julie Julie, do you love me? I don't know how many Julie's are there Let's see Is only one Julie Do you love me? You got it? He's got it That is embarrassing Bobby Sherman And, in the fact that you remember that song What do you mean? He wasn't even They pounded it into our head There we go Although I don't think nearly as much as Mongo Jerry I'd like to know who the hell the people were who bought those records And it was bought in the shoot-off mode 26 past 10 at 5.50 QAM 5.00 KV60s 5.60s 3.00 KV 3.00 KV 3.00 KV 3.00 KV Still 5.00 KV 5.00 KV 5.00 KV 5.00 KV 5.00 KV 5.00 KV 5.00 KV 5.00 KV 5.00 KV 5.00 KV 5.00 KV 5.00 KV 5.00 KV 5.00 KV 5.00 KV I think I knew it was what you'd see on TV While I dreamed of this picture From home when I'm back to you listen say You should come out that there's still no mirrored knife when you listen say The B- meteor blockm darauf lises you are all For being tooọn With the plane I played pun on watching PCB Bag in B-peat None Royce of the china I'm gonna go to the end of the world. I'm gonna go to the end of the world. I'm gonna go to the end of the world. I'm gonna go to the end of the world. I'm gonna go to the end of the world. I'm gonna go to the end of the world. I'm gonna go to the end of the world. I'm gonna go to the end of the world. I'm gonna go to the end of the world. I don't think we're the brother of you two we ens Were so high, And our little bit more was really Xiaoshan's thing. But I wanna be my baby with my haters believed. And then I'm gonna sit back in here. I don't feel back Your breath on the tan. You shut your mouth and don't behave. Off you go. Huh? How could I confront them? Yeah. I'm not gonna fight with you. I'm gonna fight with you. I'm gonna fight with you. I'm gonna fight with you. I'm gonna fight with you. I'm gonna fight with you. I'm gonna fight with you. I'm gonna fight with you. I'm gonna fight with you. I'm gonna fight with you. I'm gonna fight with you. I'm gonna fight with you. I'm gonna fight with you. I'm gonna fight with you. Buddy, in fact Pokemon Rebs and Otis are we talking about Pokemon? Yeah, he'll do it. Like the pills very little boy. Right. Then join George Sunday from 111 Pokemon Rebs and smash him in the mouth. Join him 111 at Bill Siddles' Mitsubishi just won the 27th and 11th on 36th with Miami Georgia Lab prizes. Sanwich a guy and the message is from God. Dude. He'll give you a message from the Lord. From the Lord. Great. In fact, New message is right that he just came down the bat line. 567560 pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line. The worst top 40 hit song of all time is WQAM. Hello. QAM. Hey, how are you doing? Pretty good. Okay. What do I do? Just to tell me what you got. I'm in the name of song. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, tiptoe, tiptoe, tiptoe. Tiptoe, tiptoe, tiptoe. Tiptoe, tiptoe, tiptoe. Tiptoe, we have a tiny tiptoe. I don't know if we can still play it. We have a tiny thing. No. No. Do you remember? You remember? I'm so excited. I'm so excited. Okay. That's probably just enough for starters. Tiptoe, tiptoe, tiptoe, tiptoe, tiptoe, tiptoe. I've got it. The obnoxious tiny tiptoe. Yeah. Oh good. 5675. I hate to say something like that. But in his case, that's great. WQAM. Hello. Yeah. I heard something about the kiss country story. I didn't know if you heard it. They were not heard of it. We were not heard of it. I heard you. It's a radio stunt. It's a plan towards the country artist's key third. And he'll be there Monday morning. That's where they were saying on Zeta this morning. Right. And then on top of the Channel 7, they took the story and ran with it and produced a whole thing on the really morning news. And it was totally bogus. And they said that country was changing their urban. They put some music to it. We're really well. He's dead. That was something original anyway. Yeah. I just thought it was funny. I didn't that way. We have an order award. Thanks for the news. Alright. So it's a stupid stunt by kiss. The typical stupid radio stunt. Oh, we're just having a play on words here. Just fun. And we got Keith Urban on Monday. Not Urban Music. But we're on Channel 7 got sucked into it. Well, we said they're ready to go. Those stunts. They make the audience love you more. No. They're like, oh yeah. But he whipped up in the front. See these people had do stuff like that thing. Oh, it's a lot of really good free publicity. Oh, it's bad publicity because it makes the audience very, very angry. It makes them, and this guy was listening to a cast in Ovalon Zeta, which he better not tell anybody about it. But it'll be a big secret. Don't forget a week from yesterday. That's when we really find out. How come it is that? I don't know. It's about like the last three or four trends. Because he used to be, well, you know, it's coming out and it's coming out. That said, but now it seems like each one has got such spectacular significance. Do I mean? Mm-hmm. And the whole book is coming out on next Thursday, the winner book. And now we'll see WBGG. How much did they got? Oh, they got nothing. And we'll see if maybe some of the other cheap channel stations take a real hit too. A really big end. We'll also see if WCMQFMA can continue with these bookies numbers. They got it. I mean, you talk about wired diaries, men, and 11 share and men in Enero, who you've kidnapped. CMQFM. There was one person, no, no, pick it up on you. Who listens to WCMQFMA and date Broward Palm Beach, Munro, any place to latch to what any place in Florida does. There's not one. And so then when you take, I mean, how is that possible? I don't know. If you add up to Spanish language stations, they got 185% of the audience. There's something a little bit fishy there. Just like in that tank that what's your name was swimming around and to get those free tickets for the dance. Well, maybe they're listening to two different radio stations at the same time. Two different radias. A simultaneous, uh, the strictest. And it called time. Here you go. Here it is. The worst song ever, very manllow and Mandy. No, he had much worse song than that. Well, that's the one they picked. They will have to be the other ones. Hockey updates is Calgary in five market down here. They wanted overtime last night, two to one. Nice job, Kujo, not. Ha ha, of course the least got beat by Philly, but we knew that was going to happen three to one. They just didn't show up at all. They never got off the bus. That had to be one of the most boring games I've ever seen in my life. And the best harness driver ever can to be any question Donald Brainer. Good facts, excellent. Rick Assylline, a different Rick, says apparently the Kiss FM format change was a hoax. Put on by Kiss to all the news stations to see who would run with it. Apparently, someone was the only sucker who took it out of the story with that ever checking it out. It looks like the newsplex station doesn't need to verify story. We were wearing it. Just needs to head, there it is. Hands up on a kiss. Thank you. Let's see. Here's a facts from T-fill. To fill in. This is, I really, facts, but I have to say Pat Tomins death may serve to bring attention that people are being slaughtered over there. In case you're unaware of his story, this guy was a young, fit, blew out all American Boy who also happened to be an all pro-consider warmly up and coming NFL stars. After 9, 11 he has to be released to miscontract and rolled on the service. And now what would happen? It's not like he had a rack in mind when they crashed the towers. Maybe this waste of his life will get the press needed to show the 600 plus other slaughter. No, it could happen. Yeah. It says this does actually hurt guy was a millionaire. Did the right thing for his company? Then got killed like hundreds of other guys with some smuck with a agenda. See, see how that affected me? For some a mass hole with an agenda is what I think he was trying to say. Thanks, T-fill, to fill in. 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line. A lot of things go on and a lot of them not to good. You don't want to see those caskets though. It's a very ugly reminder. Now, carry had a good day yesterday. You want to know why because it was birthday. Oh. And so we made a stirring speech about the environment, which is the one issue that he has heads and shoulders above our anti-environment poisoning the ear and everything and the waterways of bush. If you only problem and I know that he gives a flying crap about the environment. How many people? About 30 minutes. Yeah. Oh, no. Look at this fact that we just got here. We'll worst of all time. That's so. I like tonight live by Alicia Bridges, who kept saying, We don't know why she kept saying it. Maybe she was looking for some. I don't know, but that's what this fact just says. I like tonight live. Okay. There you go, Josh. Just one for you. Market down. Some elect the cake out in the rain. Look at the structure. Talk it up. Someone left the cake out in the rain. I wonder, did he answer? It's a line from a song that goes on for seven minutes. MacArthur Park. How many minutes? Oh, here's one. The magic people turn this a facts you're against it. Build me up buttercup by the foundations. They play it a lot. How many times an hour they play that? About 30 minutes. There we are on the hour. It's build me up buttercup. Oh, God. Man, the foundation's quite frankly when that song came out in 60. Or not, I like that song. Used to play this a DJ on a radio. Calamazumish. And now I hate it. Because magic one 0 2.7 won't send you to heaven. Man, I'll send you to purgatory. That's an idea for a poll. What's actually? And you know something? What's an idea? What song did you use to like, but they destroyed it for you? We've already done that. We have. Overplayed song? Yes. Okay. Now we know the reason that we're not getting any information about the kissing, it would inside our room. Because it was a fraud. It was a scam. It was almost as embarrassing as the online auction on WQM.com. The new revenue stream. It was a $17 week in the obesity pocket. It's just, please play for the last time. Play the song would change my name to shoe for O. What do you mean for the last time? So at least better get going. We got the idea. When is Matt's coming back? We have no idea they're not saying it don't look too promising. They missed this whole round. So in other words, coach, coach, crack or crack or anything. That's a fraud. What's that fraud? Oh. Okay. Well, I'll explain it all the time. I'm the man right now. This is not the man Friday. Okay. The audience is pretty demanding today. I do this and get that banner at off and do that and do this. Let's see. That says number one song. February 15, 1977 torn between two lovers by Miriam and Gregor. The worst song ever. Which is kind of interesting because Miriam and Gregorie died. The great calm is yesterday. And this is by Miriam and Gregor. You see the connection? No. Turn between two lovers. Got it? It goes. Oh, this is bad. This is this really frost my fat ass. David, you may be a really good guy, but you're taste in music. You could stuff it in somebody's income. Wow. The worst song ever recorded a horse with no name by America. He says, God, that song sucked. I like that song. Maybe you didn't like that song? I like to find it. Wait a lot. It's got a little tiring. Yeah. We're not talking. No change the topic. Here we already did that. It's old and stared. It's old and molded. No. I like it. I like to find. I don't bring her to. Used to have a name, but after he did it, he lost the name. It's. Oh. Hey, my name is David. Of course, we're new five. Oh. You a. You go to hell, you dad. Have you ever turned on the radio and said, That song makes me sick. Well, you're. Heopher, Kate records presents. Sons that make you one up. Throw up. Got the dog to go to a truck on you. I got it. Hey, some music. I'm sorry that make you one a throw up. You get stained. I can't sleep by the rum and who could forget their classic. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. Make me wonderful I can't dream of for . Come back. Come back. Yeah, you can get a. You can chea to.guses tall in the way. put on their ECM. How they changed it to get it right, but they just can't get nothing right. They don't know what they're talking about. Pat's Hillman former NFL player, who swapped a glorious football career to win list in the US Army, has been killed in action at Afghanistan ABC News's learned. The 27-year-old former football star was killed in direct action during a firefight in Afghanistan, Pentagon sources to the ABC News, no further details available. Former member of the Arizona Cardinals, Tumittalong with his brother Kevin and Roller the US Army Rangers after the 9-leven terror attack, last year, the brothers were awarded an authorized courage award-man for individuals whose contributions transcend sport the award was accepted by the younger brother Richard while the brothers were away. Tumittalong unrestricted for Agent Spurne a $9 million dollar five year offer sheet from the St. Louis Rams in 2000, a joint in the Army, the 5-leven Twitter Pond Tumitt was an exceptional student with a 3.84-grade point-averst duke college and graduated summa cum laude with the re-enmarketing that Tumittalong has been notified of quite a pentagon source. So there you go, Afghanistan, which you know, it's still a tragic story but it's at least a wasn't in Iraq. See what I'm saying? Right. And anyway, here's the more facts is now and this one Chris from Volkia better calm down a little bit, we didn't pick we built this city, the magazine Blender, which nobody even ever heard of until I came up with this Polish at point out, Blender, they picked it as number one, the worst song about time starship because Chris said, how can you put that on there instead of miracles? Because it's worth. It says, am I the only one who heard miracles 8 billion times? Yes, there's no song worse. So let's put miracles on. In other words, if you like it, it's a miracle. It's kind of like a beastly station. If you like it, it must be a miracle. That thing with kiss just really frost my ass. That is so lame. So lame. So lame, and again, we have to learn from the audience what's going on because inside the building, it's like everybody, they're too embarrassed to tell us about it. Laura says, honey, the worst song about time by Bobby Goldbrober, but guess what, honey? I mean, Laura, that was on the rest of the day, didn't make the cut. A few votes, it's an excellent choice, but it didn't make the cut to carry over for today. Got it? Got it. Roger says, whenever I heard I'm too sexy for my shirt or a hay Mickey, I wonder, plunge up butcher life into my chest. Both of those are really good. I'm too sexy for my shirt. I'm too sexy. Right, well, that's just a line from the song. And I wanted to, and I wanted to plunge a shirt into Mickey's chest. I mean, hey Mickey, who did he Mickey? Tony Basil. Oh, let's plunge a, well, just into our armpit. We don't want to hurt our real bad. Just briefly, lightly. Let's see, might be possibly posted on your website question mark, the Palm Beach troublemaker, electronic voting machines, the blow panel wants to pull a plug in four counties. Sacramento. Now, that was on a news last night. A panel of top elections officials recommended yesterday that 15,000 electronic voting machines in four California counties, including Salado, be banned in November election, because glitches in some devices turned voters away from the polls in the March primary election. Recommendations of whether to banned use of electronic voting machines in tele, or California counties that will use them will be made when the panel meets again next Wednesday. Nearly half a California's voters use some type of electronic voting device in March. The action against dieboard election systems is the first of its kind of California and spokesman for Secretary of State Kevin Shelley City was anywhere of any other state taken such action. Oh, y'all, y'all. The dieboard spokesman considered that it's some voters might have been turned away. Well, I wouldn't be the first time on it. No, no, no. They can't come close to Florida. How about, oh, this is a good fact. I like whoever this person is. How about Margarita Villor, anything else by Jimmy Buffett, the most overrated no talent whatsoever in you are. Only a few drunks in key West like Jimmy Buffett. Anybody out there likes Jimmy Buffett. You are on our schmittless. I'll tell you that right now. Okay. Do you like Jimmy Buffett? Nope. I sure hope no. What about Josh? You like Jimmy Buffett? Cheap or go ahead and paradise? No. Better not. I don't want to tell you what to like and what not to like. But don't like that. Now. Okay. Oh, I've got it. I'm not going to tell you. I'll do it. Hey, nobody's come up with an Elvis song for your polio. Well, we got a lot of time to go. Here we got to a clock Jim just relax. He says as well as some of the great ones he did do some hard ones. Yes, mostly I think. Especially in his movies. I'm thinking of old chef, but I'm not sure that was ever top 40 single. Well, thankfully it was not Jim and it won't be going on the list. But I'm sure there's some Elvis songs that belong on there. Sure. I'm going to let the audience decide because there's so many so many bad Elvis songs and so little time. W to Q and hello. Yes, it's me. Speaking. Meal. Yes, sir. The one guy was new, she because I think 10 Coca Cola did it. I want to try to teach the world. Yeah. Do you think are really crappy song? Yeah. Okay, thanks. Got it. Thank you. Do I know it? I just got through a second at the appallee. Do I know it? I never heard of it. But was it the new seekers did that? I guess so. No, it was that the original secret. I'll go buy it. No, it's in my book. I'd like to teach the world of sing. Well, somebody should have taught them first. I guess would have been better. No one annoying was played over it. And like you said in the TV campaigns, all the stuff just everywhere, the new seekers like this guy said. Very good, pal. 560, 560, pound, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. WQAM. Hello. Hey, the. Yes, sir. I got a song for you. Okay. The macarena song. It's on our pal. To take a look at the on your computer, okay? Macarena, in fact, number two, I should probably be reading what we got. Then we won't begin anymore. Painting the S. I mean, every pizza like that. The worst hit song top 40 of all time was achy, breaky hearts got 42. Macarena 29, who let the doors out 17, you let it my life 15. Debbie Boons says, I have no life. Feeling 13 disco duck and have in my baby. You've got 10 of fees. Tip through to the tools nine. Don't worry, be happy eight. We built a city eight. Ice ice baby six. Every night every five. Four for these boots are made for walk and anti-snattra. Girl, you know, it's true by a results. Millie Vanilly three. Seasons in the sun three. And one piece for someone to kick out of the rain. That's not the name of the song. The name of the song is Macarena. I'm going to put it real fast. No, I did not. We put it. But it's boarded it out there real quick. Nobody didn't we discussed it. Yeah. Someone let the cake out of the rain. The name of the song, Josh, is MacArthur Park punk. Watch he's going to put on there MacArthur Park punk. You'll see. He ought to build me a buttercup one. And one for Julie Julie Julie. You love me. Wouldn't that the song that carried Grant saying Julie Julie Julie? I think so. In the summertime one. Oh, man, we hate that song. Oh, and you know what I haven't done yet? Oh, yeah. Montego Bay. Montego Bay. Montego Bay. Montego Bay. Oh, man. Montego Bay. Oh, man. I don't even know when the whole way. Man. He's doing it and you will be in it. Man. Just. I think we'll go. Oh, man. Oh, man. Are you hurting? Like that tube. No. We can't make that sound anymore. I bet you do. You can't make that to them. Two percent because it sounds a little bit too much like him fart noises. And it don't sound anything like a raspberry. If you make a little raspberry, that's okay. But other than that, they're going to come right down on your ass. I'm telling you right now, Mr. Roland, colon power. Bring his boy right to your door. And he'll take you to the news. Go and show you what for. Five six seven. Five six six seven. Five six. Five six. On the AT&T in Verizon. Wireless line. WQ and hello. Yes, sir. How about, uh, what does that story talking about? Is, uh, daughter of butterfly kisses or something? Butterfly kisses. That's the one. Yep. That's it. Hey, Sally. Who does butterfly kisses? Pakele bolt. No. Yeah. Michael Bolton does butterfly. No wonder we haven't so much. Holy moly. I bet you they play that on the coast. Uh-huh. Because if Michael Bolton sings it, they play it along with coast. Without Johnny Dark. And you know what else we can't play anymore? That's just dawned on me. Oh, no. We gotta be able to play that. Johnny, doctor. Can't play that anymore. Masshole. How about your pardon? A masshole. You got, you got to articulate a hell of a lot better on the mystery. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Isbister? Um-mo-mo. Yeah. There you go. Work on it. WQA and hello. QAM. Hi. I got a couple for the poll. Okay. Um-mo-mo. By Hanson. Ooh, yeah. And, uh, Chumbalumba. Tubcomping. No, brother. Two fantastic choices. Okay. Have a good night. Have a good night. Hey, pal. Chumbalumba. Tubcomping. I probably have that around somewhere. Some of us. Because it was one of the Monhit Wonders. And what was the first one? Oh, yeah. Hanson. Woo! Bob. I don't care what any Bob. I don't want to go into it. They had the one song. I know. And I'm the only person while it's not going to ruin my image. The only, uh, the only person in the universe over the age of 10. It's a woman doing a myth that actually liked one of their songs. So the one where he was tinklin' on the piano. They are strange looking by the way that Hanson grew up. Why are they are really, uh, in Brad. Big time. 10.56.56. QAM. We got the Amadogatoo. Oh, the humpers off today. I got bad news for you. We got the big four to seven. Be nice to him. Okay. He needs all the helping. Marlon's on deck at seven. He's coming to town to play the marlon's on the stadium. And that's, uh, what is it? 735. Eddie can't do the baseball game. I got the big four to eight. I got the big four to eight. I got the big four to eight. This is for 25 to 15. You weigh in. The old young. That's not the daddy. Daddy, daddy. You sucky. My short. Daddy. Daddy, you sucky. My short. Daddy. Daddy. Daddy, you're a loser. Daddy, you're a loser. Daddy, you're a loser. Daddy, you're a loser. She was sitting here for heaven. And she's daddy's little girl. I went back home in my pants. I got for all of the trying. I think mommy treats on you. But what's the one? What kind of life is this? How to bear time, friend? Just a little white flower in her name. My name is a man, I'll be here. Daddy, why don't you get a job? Daddy, you smell like beer. I'm dropping out of high school. Just looking like a mom, a little more every day. Daddy, I'm pregnant. One part, one more. The other part, girl. I don't know who the father of you. I'm in America. From women's anger. And after turn, chicks are passed. When's I on an agreement? I drove the car into a tree. I remember. Can you just send me some cigarettes? I'm not a rat. Hey, how about a dose for the brightening grown? Dad, I'm getting married again. I'll give her away. Dad, that's my ass. I think I have siblings. I have me what I'm thinking. And I said I'm not sure. I've got a letter, girl. But I'll always. Hey, pop, we're moving in. And butterfly kisses. Dad, I asked him to use. I'm a lesbian. I'm an old three or five, 60, a WQA. And don't forget, look for the QA band. No wonder they had the correction business center. 66, 25, my mimey lakes full of art. Or drive. Whatever that is, stop. I'm registered to win free office space for a year. Also, spin the QM field. And maybe you can win some art until you get some of the prize for you. And did your free food for my landing city subs? That was the other promo. We'll do later on because it gets fondress. Howard Stern, triumphs in New York City. Back to number one, according to Miss Fudge and Afflector Report with the Arbitron ratings from New York. After all these things. And after the FCC says, oh, it's indecent. All of a sudden, crap. Back to number one in New York. Stern and with a 12 plus number of 7.2 in New York. And a stunning 10.0 in ages 2554. That's men and women 2554. You following that? I got it. Up from a 5 9 12 plus to a 7 2. Let's see, W-I-N-S all news of a second with a 6.4 12 plus. W-A-B-C's Curtis and Kubea 3.4 and W-F-A-N's Don I-M is 2.6. Stern 7.2, I-M is 2.6. Exactly. So there you go. I just mentioned that in passing for all the asternity tractors and all the other idiots out there that think that they should have termed what can be on the air, etc. I just mentioned that in passing. Let's see, the worst song list that would be incomplete with a Gordon Lightfoot and the wreck of the M-N-Pit-Sirled. Yeah. How dare they say that? A wreck of the M-N-Pit-Sirled. You got to trash good. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, on the AT&T and Verizon. You know this thing about, I mean, I realize we got a lot of stupid people in America. But we got a few educated people. I'm good man. And the idea that they don't want that they can ban the showing of flag-grade caskets. In other words, there's nothing tasteless being shown. We're not being shown bodies, it's at all that one story. That horrible story we saw that one day a couple weeks ago was nothing to make a puk. But their flag-grade caskets. And their reminder of the fact that there actually are people dying. It's not just a statistic on the screen, but the Pentagon and the government don't want you to think about that. They don't want you to actually see the tangible results of what's going on over there. This insanity. That's bad for morale. That's right. On the other hand, Pat Tillman, who died in Afghanistan. I mean, he was a big NFL star and it was a big story about how he walked away from a big career in all that money. That's getting enormous amount of coverage. The other people are dying if they get like even a two-second blurb on there. That's a lot. Because we no longer remind the public it's a bad, like you said, for a public support for a totally bogus war. 560560, pound 560 on a AT&T Verizon line. WQAM hello. I think Gary Glitter should be flawed for what he did. I think you're right. Now he's talking about the kitty porn as he talking about the song. He actually was on a yesterday. I haven't done it all that well because he's certainly didn't come close to making a cut. But you're right, pal. And I think that the sports people, the motors and the whoever who ever pissed the music in the arena, they ought to be flocks or just they won't leave us alone with this over and over. And we hated, we despised it especially sour notes. And sour notes. We're the hell out there. Pull it up. Like I said. We're the sour note for it. Yeah. Oh, right man. Even Angel Baby by Rosy and Originals never had a sour note as an assault. Oh, God. Kill that thing, man. You're right. He ought to be flocks. And we'd be delighted to be the ones to do it. 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Booker price has unwrong about butterfly kisses. Who did it? What are you saying? Bob Carlyle? Oh, WDQM. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I've got the worst, worst song of all time for you. Although I think it was one of Saddam's favorites. Midnight at the Oasis. By Maria Moldauer. The worst. Okay. You can do a thing. We got it. Thank you. Bye. Let's see. Butterfly kisses. Now who do you say? Well, I guess if I just look up the name of the song. I'm not that we don't book a Brian because he knows his crap man. Crap like him. Bob Carlyle. Butterfly kisses by Bob Carlyle and also done by the Ray Bon Brothers. Who? Ray Bon. Are a YBON? Ray Bon. The sunglasses people? Right. Bob Carlyle. I wonder, yeah, he must have been kindergarten girl. That's probably why both of Ryan knows about it. 560, 750, 160, pound 560 on the AT&T. Let me Dorothy Calcallon was in on at the vocals. WQM. Hello. I like to speak new rock. Speaking. Speaking. Yes, sir. I've got a song for you that makes my head, please. All right. That is song from Melanie Nutshire, the name of it. Ray and new key. I've got a brand new pair. We're almost engaged. You're right. That could be the one. You guys, man. Thanks, Pounda. Have a great day. Melanie, brand new key. Oh, my God. See I even knew what that was because I'm thinking. Oh, my God. Yeah. 567, let's see. So far, achy, breaky heart. Now that one yesterday, but I'm with all the added competition over the weekend. You never know of, for what's his name. What does his name don't tell me? I have a brain fart with his country artist. Start to beat Billy Ressiris. Yeah. What's with the B? That was kind of a Mickey Dain thing. You just pulled her. Who's with the B? What's in your hair? It's called Colibre. Alice. Ake, breaky heart 49. Madonna 40. Madonna, macarine 40. Obviously, that was a 40 in slip. Who let the dogs out 20? Feelings 18. You let up my life. 16. Debbie, boy. I have no life. I have no life. This go duck 12. Tip toe through the tulips. The ointjes tiny, Tim 11. Don't worry. Be happy, 11. Haven't my baby 11. He just vanished. Didn't he call him. He's probably stout there in Vegas. He's rather. Don't you have, I don't want to say this. I shouldn't say it. Baby, Bradford, Missouri. But I always had these nagging doubts about many of the entertainers who performed in Vegas. Even go back to the early days, you know, like Joe E. Brown and Dine. That's about what? Where you go? Huh? What are you in? No, I'm just saying that I just always wondered because you remember that scene in the Godfather where Michael was talking to Al Martino. I was just, you know, we, you got some friends in the apartment. We'd like you to sign a contract to appear at our casinos twice a year. Do you know who I am? Yeah, I'm Mo Green. I made my bones when you were going out with cheerleaders. I'll get that one now. I fixed, really, please, Mo. Ha ha ha. Man, I love Mo Green. We could go through that whole thing again about what that actor. Because I saw my couple movies. Good actor. Yeah. But anyway, I have a my baby 11. We go to 79, every night, every seven, I size babies six seasons in the sun for these boots I made for walking for. After that, it's a little teeny tiny titer so far. W to Q a. Hello. Yes. I saw it for you. Okay. Who, Mo-tee? What's the matter you, what's the matter me? Oh, yeah, Lou, Mo-tee, man. He was, and what about Papino, the Italian mouse? Oh, yeah. That's a German joke. Okay, thanks, man. You're a Lou, Mo-tee? What's the matter you, well, that was that a big hit? Another novelty, whatever. Now do we want to do the full mounting? Maybe you do. How about mounting hall? Let's see, minute work, minute large. Mighty python. Large men. Let's see, moody blues. Lou, Mo-tee. I don't even see Lou, Mo-tee. He never had a tough 40 hit. Well, no way to meant one moment play. Yes, he did. Ah. But the one he said wasn't the one. Although I agree with him, it's very annoying. Lazy Mary. Lunar, luna-met-sumati. Luna-met-sumati. Was number 12, but we don't want to put that on our only put one by Lumati. It was number five. On the top 40 and 19 62 was on the charts for nine weeks. Papino, the Italian mouse. That's P-E-P-I-N-O, Papino. It's a P-N-O. What's the so-cha? Uh, but people the Italian mouse. I don't even know what that means. I don't think there's such a word in Italian. Can you see? Yeah, I don't know what that means. To a downtown casino. Kisu-chi. Bad news. The Latin America. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Let's just, one day we'll have a godfather off. Was this you and I will just have a contest or a whole dialogue? Right, we'll do the whole show. And then the first one who makes a mistake will, that person will have to go in and yank off most hairpicks. Absolutely. Yeah. Oh. 12 minutes after 11. So I don't know no godfather. It would have contributed to that pool. At 5, 60, WQM, your bizarre station for the new millennium. And I was thinking about this too, especially with the ratings coming out next Thursday. There is no other station in a market anymore. That's not, if it's not a clear channel station, there's no local station. Right. You're a mean. I mean, you got your morning shows. Of course, you got Pauli and old Ron there. You won't see Pauli no more. But there's nothing. There's nothing. Other than our close friend Richard Pearl, not that one. Other than him on Waxy. There's no local people. And of course Mr. Eagle and his full watt light bulb. Hey, you heard me talk about dialing mattress nurse spectacular customer service. And of course, the fact that when you call on eight-hundred mattress, you talk with people who are experts and other stuff. And give you the customer service you to zero well. The dialing mattress commitment to service recently caught the eye, the big evil eye of the better business bureau. Dialing mattress has been part of the software community for over 12 years, but they may not have been in the northeast where they were in the coveted charge of excellence award for 2004 from the Boston Better Business Bureau. The Swords given annually to a company that embodies the Better Business Bureau's values of honesty and integrity and ethics in a marketplace. To receive this award is especially impressive for dialing mattress because they don't even have any stores. And 1-800 mattress once you had to know that one criteria in your gym this award was truth and advertising. Like the spots we do here on a show, no BS, no lies, no exaggerations. You can rest assured you can make Georgia's life on it. The things that I tell you about dialing mattress are 100% true. So call 1-800 mattress, get the whole truth nothing but the truth about great deals on name brand betting. I'm a satisfied dialing mattress customer myself for years now and if you make that call you will be too. That's dialing mattress 1-800-MATTRES, a log under their website at mattress.com. Dialing mattress the honest way is smart way to get you a great night's sleep for years to come. My and local career sports radio 560 series, UAM. A nail Roger knows single artist the body's the spirit of summer like Gordon Lightfoot. Are you serious? Absolutely. And now Gordon Lightfoot takes the melody from the wreck of the Edmund Fitzgerald and turns up the heat on your favorite summer songs on his new album, Gordon Lightfoot sweats out summer. The time I wonder what I'm gonna do but I know you're the part of the summer time. Yes, Canada's own Gordon Lightfoot is heating up the great bite north with our red hot version of this love and spoonful classic. A town summer in the city like a magnet getting dirty and dirty. Just wait until you hear Gordon Lightfoot's novel approach to summer's most famous novelty song. Who's your toes in a sand in your fingers and your ears and get ready for Gordon Lightfoot's rendition of this hit from the jeanies? You'll want to stick this collection where the sun don't shine in your CD player. It's Gordon Lifewood's sweatsout summer. What the hell is Bob? Where did that come from? Bob, we talked about it. Was that what we did? Yeah. I think you dream. I'm thinking you're confused. I know what someone left the cake out in a rain. We talked about hands. See Eric would have to remove that from there. So let's just tell the audience when you see someone on the cake out in a rain, you'll start thinking, that, that, that, that, that, that, it's my carthor park. Okay, we'll be singing to your self-sake. That might hate that. Won't you? Sure, what a. See, we liked it. Everybody in a business club did because it was long. It was like six and a half minutes long, maybe seven minutes. And it was a really good, uh, yeah, when he had to let go out and do a number. I can't tell you number one number two. Because we can't talk about that ex-curricular activity. We had to do a number. You'd play my carthor park. Especially for a song in a morning. Why it eyes by the Eagles is real good, tip. Right. Six, 42 or something. I like that in line. I just bettables myself. Five, six, seven, oh five, 60. Pound five, 60 on a AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. No worst. Party song of all time. Here's one of the worst stories of all time. An airport airport security screeners refused to let a cancer patient border flight home to Denver from Orlando because they said she no longer resemble her identification photos. Do you see this story? No. No. A female opera 35 finally flew out of Orlando on a frontier airlines flight Wednesday night. Two days after she was turned away by security screeners. La Perra said she'd lost weight in here because of chemotherapy treatments since the photos were taken for a US passport and Colorado driver license. I feel very degraded and angry said La Perra was returning home from vacationing and saying, Audrstein and it has been worse for frontier airlines. La Perra spent most of Tuesday trying to resolve the issue only to be told during the operation of a federal transportation security administration employee in Washington that she needed new photos and a doctor's note to explain her changed appearance. Now, I want you to think about the logic of that, okay? She would leave, go and get new photos and come back. Oh yeah, now it's okay because now it looks just like you. Right. That makes a lot of sense. I asked the lady, so what happens if somebody goes on weight watches La Perra told you Orlando's signal? She's like, if you didn't get documentation from your doctor that you've lost weight, then it's okay. Right. Documentation from your doc at the burda proof is on you. You're going to have all your docs in order, in a row. TSA in front line airlines blame private security guards frequently mistaken by travelers as TSA employees for not letting the woman in her teenage son to board deflate. I would bitch slap them man. You wouldn't believe it. I take a two by four after I finish with the Solidato blind. I go to work on them right there in Orlando. What a bunch of losers in Orlando. Oh man. How do few losers here too, and proof of that being? Irish police arrested two Canadian men today after alleged air agents that it was caused American Airlines flight to divert to Southwest Ireland. Police said the plane on route to London from New York landed at Chan in Airport to want to clock this morning after disturbance broke out on board. The two men in their 40s were detained and will be charged under Ireland's Air Navigation Act, a police spokesman said. Two Canadian and a little bit rowdy, eh? Probably pissed off about that game last night. Although of course it was one o'clock in the morning over there was like all these two to clock. Well they saw it fully got the first call. They were pissed off. You understand that, don't you? No. Sure. WQA and hello. Hi, just deal. Yes sir. Uh, one son that I could punch my dear drum. Yeah, it comes on. One to other wine switches. Oh, I heard sir grew within there. One to over the line. One to over the line. One to over the line. One to over the line. So singing nuns? Yeah. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. Dominique. Yeah, Dominique. Oh, okay. Thanks. Two good choices man. Have a great day. One to over the line. Got it. He's got it. And Dominique, the singing nun. Here's one. The cufflinks and Tracy. Oh, man, that is bad. Highly annoying. I mean, it's day back in the day. We played that until the had Tracy come out of your private. That's totally the primary thing. Thank you very much. Well, there you go. I'm for all in here's another one guaranteed it's on the list. Man, this is about that ponytail mark. Okay, the Clark delay. Mark Lindsey. Probably are kind of Duplenz. Yeah, it's man. She must be the old San Francisco. She gets lost to week. Post an approach to Arizona. Mark Lindsey. Man, it sucked. I'm just looking down my at this here to see if I can find some of the qualify. The worst, I mean, we know when you say the worst of all time, just because you didn't like one, didn't make it the worst. It has to be really bad. For example, Well, this was annoying. To me. Uh-huh. The flying machine. Smile. Little smile. If you can feel smile, I've heard it. You know, one great shit. I'll tell you that. What is saying? Smile, little smile for me. Okay. I think it qualifies. 560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. No forget. Join Geldin Knight. Speaking of that. From 6 to 8 at the quarterdreck. A quarterdreck. At 1541, quarter, a row and a four-launcher. They'll stop by to enjoy Amstilites, specials, and registers to win trip for two. To the Iceland Open Golf Tour, becoming in June in Iceland, no less. That's six o'clock tonight. They quarterback. Poke Kelly in the somewhere. And see what he does. Join George on Sunday 11 at Bill Siddles, Mitzabishi. And he still has no idea why they can't keep coming back and paying him. But he'll take the cash. Thank you. As Bill Siddles, Mitzabishi just wasted 27th, Amr.136, sweet and mimey. The reason I haven't keep coming back is because he's a sandwich guy and brings all the nice sandwiches from an Irish city subs. So George will have prices. Sandwiches, if you get there really early, before the employees shop them all up. And messages from God. They're no extra charge, Sunday 11-1. Got a lot of heavy duty weekend coming all these things. Too bad I'm not there to do some of those personal appearances. Tell me a QAM hello. Hey, I got something for the poll. Okay. I don't know who sings it, but it's early morning singing song. Early morning singing song? Good morning. Star-sharge. Yeah, good morning star-sharge. Oh, good morning star-sharge by Oliver. Oliver, you're right. Very good, George. Good morning star-sharge. I'm knowing his health. Thanks. Thank you. See you. Good, good, good. Good morning star. Okay, but listen to the words he was using in there. Like what? La la la, la, la, la, la. Yeah, I can't say that anymore. Oh, that's not enough. Better watch it. I'll be right. Yeah, that's true. There's a lot of really funky words in there. We better like double and triple second. Good thing I don't have that to play here. Lele, low, low. Right. All the way, do have, let's see. Oh, I don't know. This is pretty annoying, too. Very annoying. Fendity, fair. Oh, it's back. Where are you getting this gentleman? Oh, he's me. Is it time for me? If I find nothing much to say. I don't know. Probably in the morning. You'll be puking your guts in. Oh, we got some good news. Ladies and gentlemen, we got to be via schedule. Look at this. Oh, right. The humpers. Oh, this is the best news I've had since the marlins pulled out that since they played during our show yesterday. The humper is on today. Is supposed to the big. Oh, okay. Now, that's with all the respect to the big O who's brutal on the ear. And it's a good guy though. But the humper returns the Hebrew hammer beyond it is usual time for the seven to seven. Probably Marlon pregame short seven. Oh, I feel so much better now. Don't you? Huh? Okay. Oh, here you go. Lobo me and you in a dog named. Well, says here blue, but that's not in a dog named Boo. It's a dog named Blue. That's on series dog, Blue. That's a pit bull. A lot of people think that's what they're saying. Well, I hate to break the news, dear, but it's me and you in a dog named Boo. Okay, Mr. Boo. Boo is in Boohoo. Boo, Radley. Let's see. From that middle is the rose. Ha ha ha ha ha. Oh, getting some emotional factors here. 1127 a QA on my mind. And low. This is 420561. 2A 2A. Why do you best, dear? I got a snorkeye right. My chest is getting tight. Back to the restaurant couch. Going off a charge. Ah! I'm an puppet. I'm not feeling too good. I think I might buy the farm. Oh, hey. I'm Darrell Hall. You know, even though my hair looks really good, and I've got a great body. And all the women really love me, I got a problem. High cholesterol. So that's why I ate this new Hall of Note Brands cereal. Every taste is a little flake. It's just like my partner John. Step their bigger and they don't hold back my career. Anyway, before you've lost that living feeling, rock and roll with a healthy bowl of Hall of Note Brands. Hey, it's the only thing I like better than me. Oh, Charlie a ball. As a milk and chew around. John some hall and oats. Be a bread eater. Hall and oat graham cereal. From the makers of Guns and Raisins. Oh, have a bowl. Be a bread eater. On a second, come in. On a third, you'll see it five, 60 WQM. Here's the facts from listener George with a G. Who says? That's interesting. You notice he was going to add on the worst song ever on the bottom. He didn't change his mind. You see that? Okay. Cross it out. He had more serious things to talk about. He says the news of US Army Ranger Pactilman's death. While certainly no more important than the daily deaths of other service men really shows the sport tools for what they are. To wit Eli Manning, son of XNFL star, Archie Manning and brother of current footballer Peyton Manning. As told the San Diego Chargers, don't draft me with your first draft pick. I won't play for you. I'll set out the whole year. Note that Mr. Tom and decline the three year, three million dollar deal from the Arizona Cardinals. Because he decided that going to join his brother and the fight against terrorism was a greater cause. I've got advice Eli. Take the silver spoon out of your Sunday mass hole. Against that multimillion dollar gig in San Diego playing a game for living as beneath you and your family's standards. You're an embarrassment Eli and all the draft mix who should I say draft judges that are giving up for tomorrow's big draft they could ball party should likewise find it with both hands and a flashlight. You're getting drunk while others are getting dead. Good, Pactilist, your judge, glass, go on, baby. Good job. Hey there. Oh, gee, no drafts. Kind of sounds like Eric Lindras, all over again. Let's see, Luis Yenne may ban low-slung pants. Look at this. As the boots continue to stop and maybe of Nancy Sinatra was just ahead of her time with these boots and made for stop and song. That and Rouge, Luis Yenne. People were low-slung pants that exposed skin or intimate clothing like underwear, of course. Would face the fine of up to and possible up to something but that's left out of the story's chopper. I hate that when I do that to me. A fine of up to $1.00. And possible jailed to him under a bill find by a Jefferson Perish lawmaker. State representative Derek Shepherd said he proud to build because he was tired of catching glimpses of boxers shorts and gistrings. Yaddy, yaddy, yaddy, yaddy over the lowered belt lines of young adults. They'd write in the column here's chopped off. The bill would punish anyone covering low-wighting pants and they'd say, well, you know, the bill would punish anyone covering low-wighting pants with a fine of as much as $500 or as many as six months in jail or both. I'm sick of seeing it. Said Shepherd, a first-term legislator, the communities outraged and a parents can't do the job. If parents can't regulate what they children were, then there ought to be a law. There ought to be a law against massals like usher. The bill would be tacked out of the state of sanity law, see, which restrict sexual activity in public places and the sale of sexually explicit items. Joe Cook, head of the ACLU, Louisiana Chapter, said the bill, probably doesn't meet the US Supreme Court standard for the probation of the senior behavior under the first amendment. What's that? First amendment. Somebody must not have told us, guy, we don't got no first amendment, no, mole. Wow. Let's see, kiss on my list by Hall of the Notes and hear supply. I beg of pardon? No, I don't want to change my vote. To kiss on my list? Oh man. I try to want to. With that line, the regard to the last bit. A lot of people went in here, any hall in Otsome, they run right to the bull. Kiss on my list and air supply in the one you love. Oh yes, the one you love. Man, oh, I don't want to say it. Rocco says regarding the draft. Oh yeah. Who do you think the Marines all are going to draft? The 4.0 student from the community college or the honest mechanic from sunrise. They're both 20 years old, but the mechanic may help more on the front lines. And what's your take on the Air Force Navy trade for the second pick? The guy with the two kids who really produced don't should take. Yeah. That's Don Marco. Exactly. Oh yes, draft talk. All draft stuff, baby. We got that big draft tomorrow. And like somebody we know says, draft this. Man, I just, my whole lifetime is much as I love watching the NFL. I love the games, all the stuff big fan. But the draft mix, it's almost like idiots that go up to the NFL. What do they call it? The combine. Man. If America was concerned that those same people that are worried about that crap, where's concerned about column bind is there about combine. Then maybe we might be starting to make it a little bit of progress. You know what I'm saying? But we got some really goofballs like the big, Oh, example of thankfully, we'll not be honest afternoon. The Humphrey will be on 4 to 7 or safe. Who pays his own way to the NFL combine so we can watch these guys run and jump and scratch these others and ask them whatever they're doing. Tackle each other around the waist. Squeeze your pipe. And here's what it says. I love the flower girl, but the good news is that's not the name of the song. That's it. The rain to park the other things. Correct. The rain to park and whatever. What is it called? The rain, the moon, the sun, the rain. The rain, mama. The cow piles. I like the cow seals. Need to. And I like that song. The rain, the park and other things. That's the name of the song. It was number two for two weeks. It was on the charts for 12 weeks. 1967. A very fortuitous date in American history. The view that the Detroit wind and toilet never came back out. Have a burning desire to go back to the olden days in Detroit because back in the day. What I want to say that was back in the early 60. Before 67. Before they decided to all on fire. 5.670. 5.660. On the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line. WQAM Hello. Yes sir. I got a disgusting song for you. Okay. Chanel Conner. Nothing compares. Nothing compares with shine hitter. Chanel Conner. Okay. Thank you. Shine hitter. And nothing compares. What is that? I don't know what that song is. Yeah. How's it going? Badly. Absolutely. WQAM Hello. QAM. Yes sir. How are you? Pretty good how you doing? Don't fire me. I thought that song. No. I didn't say no. What did you say? No idea. No idea. No. Was he talking about Beachwood 45789? I couldn't understand his phone. No description. I think we like it joking. 560. 560. 560. I think we like it joking. 560. 560. 560. On the AT&T. I hope they put in Beachwood 45789 on there by the Marblech. We're going to be really porked off. Okay. Can we say that porked off? No. We're going to be really peeled. Cowd off. Right. A.K. Brayke Hart. Billy Ray Cyrus man. Oh by the way do you hear that kiss country is going to urban? Not. That is just what's going on inside this company. So just outlandish that they're in the word to describe it. What they think that's a good thing. No. No. You're missing my point. Can't they at least let us in on it? What's the catch out of the bag? Tiger please. That moth myster man's considering we got some of us to be our own program director. He's just continuing to roll out the string praying that I never retired. Great tire. I mean these are the kinds of things that he ought to be feeding to us instead of like, well the sun is shining. It's a nice day. And for my latest cardiovascular exam and I'm all heart. I think they share these things with him or Josh. Anybody? No. Well it would be really pretty scandalous if they don't. What would you think if he were the operations manager or make a more, make it the believe market station? And they weren't telling you what that was going on within the company. I'm in the walls. A.K. Brayke Hart. The worst song of all time. 60 votes. It won yesterday and of course it was literally a dozen we carried over for the weekend. And at the rate of 57 you let up my life 22. There he's boon. Who let the dogs out 21. Feelings 20. This go duck 17. Tip throw. Tip throw through your tool up. Uh 15. We built a city 14 by Starship. Uh. Don't worry. Be happy 12. Have a buy baby 11. Every day. Every 10. I sized baby 10. These boots we made for walking 10. For stopping for goose stepping. Seasons in the sun five. Man the already has four. Did just one on our only moments ago. Ever see Barry Manel and LeBronchi together? Nope. Now you'll even read carnation. 19 till noon at 2 a.m. My life and low. This is for 20 by 60. 2 a.m. He's had a ton of hits. But none of his painful is the one he took when he walked into a wall and broke his nose. Ow! And now Barry's singing about it in his brand new CD. Can't smell without you. With fractured versions of Barry's hints like Copic Ivana. I broke my bro my banana. And now it's the size of a banana. As well as the re-nastered and really nasally version of Mandy recorded at the moment of impact. Okay man. My nose is good for wall now we're taking. But that's not all. Barry Manelos can't smell without you. Is swollen with hits. You know is and love. Like I break the shnard. I made it through the pain. Looks like I broke it. And a title track with Barry's trademark book. You know I can't smell without you. I can't breathe without you. I can't sniff and I can't pick. It looks like my face was hit with a prick. Barry Manelos can't smell without you. It's walking to a wallmark. Ow! His face was hit with a white. Oh brick. Rick. 11. 46. 5. 60. I'm sure you pull the smump but I must blow all other nominees out of the water with. Eyes wide shut of musical releases. Another brick in a wall by the rescue house of music world pink fluid. Shonsis had rather hear my own cardiac monitor flatline tone. Got it? Another brick in a wall? We got it. Yes. I turned into 570 WQN. Listen at Kaplan. True QN was on 560 but last night the point spread was plus a 10 kilohertz. What's up with him? He answers. I don't know more often than Robert Reagan at a deposition. He's all that stuff down over. Unless you want to hear about crop circles made by alien mutilated cattle from Atlantis. Jerry Wichner would sound like we'd court it to me about that. It says first we did Shonsis. Sorry Shonsis best we can do. And in line with that. Before we get to their songs. Another subject it says here. What's up with Joe Costello? Any word on his petition for reinstatement? No. No. Although I disagree with some of his stuff. He's truly on the invasion of Iraq. He did? We heard that. We love it. Oh my god Joe. No wonder you're off the air. His incestent NASCAR crap. He seemed like a good guy who got a raw deal. Well, I'm not telling you this. He's a good guy who got a raw deal. Joe Costello. Miss, you know, Miss guided in many areas. But he's a good guy got a raw deal. He won't be back on. Nope. No chance. I mean, you know, Greg Reed just talks crap. You know, we go in a very jackass's column. And he says, birds out there, birds out there. And just have fun. You know, that's his idea of fun. Two simple and super great minds. Very jackass and Greg Reed. Both of whom have one favorite sound. Ehh. That's it. Well, they scratch each other's head. Looking for that old spot. Here's a great suggestion by the same factor. And I'm going to ask you, Daddy, don't you walk so fast by Wayne Newton. It says, makes me want to choose the poison pudding. Before I say, got good man. And Wayne Newton and Donkishan just coincidence these two came in from different people. Thank you, Tom. Donkishan. I was going to be curious to see how Josh spells Donkishan, so maybe I'll just spell it for you. Okay. What are you? Yeah. D-A-M-K-E. Got it. Donkka? Yeah. Donkka. Shane capital S-C-H-O-E-N. Donkishan. See, I'm brushing off of my children because the way things are going right now, you do understand. There you go. We will have you speaking lots of German very soon. Here's one. It says, I'd like to dominate the song you play quite often on your show. The only problem, I'm sure, was not a top 40 hit. I smoke two joints. It says, it gays me whenever I hear it. That's kind of incentive for me to play that pretty soon, you know? Yeah. Inspiring. That was not a hit. Oh, it should have been. Steve says, I finally had the form to express how much I despise this song. The song is Rock Lobster by the B-52s. The song is annoying. Has some ask clown yelling Rock Lobster to the whole song in different tones. Please put this song out of pull. You got it, Steve. You got it? We got it. Rock Lobster, which is kind of like what they have at the Amor Coast, you know? He's writing. He's writing. So is James? Okay. I was just about to play it out of the thing here. Let's see. Devon says, while I hate achy-break you heard. I've thrown many radio's out of the window. So I's not to hear. And see, a lot of people don't understand. He's a delirious of a song. We're even the name of the song. So Devon while I agree with you wholeheartedly, you have the wrong name for the song. Cats and the cradle, he says. Well, guess what? That's not the name of the song. Cats in the cradle. The cats in the microwave. That was the follow up. Wasn't the cats in the microwave? And cats in Uranus. They cats. Chrisco. Right. Cats and the cradle. What about Nazareth? My white bicycle. What about it? It says, talk about annoying. By the way, have you ever seen WN Hitler in the same room? Of course not. It says same person. But a disgraceful comment, even though very accurate. Elmer says, you'll probably disagree with me. But please, said, now see again, this must be just a misprint. Because I'm sure that Elmer knows the real name of the song. It says, La Bama. Yeah. I think that's what he bets are right. La Bamba. By Richie Valens to list. Barco Rama. La Bamba is what he says. Barco Rama would La Bamba. As in. Phew, you're got so. Thank you, Elmer. You got it. La Bamba. Richie Valens. Don't be checking on Richie. Still sleep to the fish. His man, him and look at Bratzi. And Pauli won't see him anymore either. Let's see. Here's the word from a salmon. The original listing on Manetti says, the lion sleeps tonight. The tokens. Yeah. Parents Thomas have it. You like that one. The tokens. You want to hurt. Thank you, Sam. But the taxes are just pouring in. Who said this wasn't going to be a great pool, huh? Right. You have a little faith. Whoever said that. How many votes we got on here? It's not a question. How many we got because 352. Ram's would be 52. When you got listed, it's this long. Each vote is going to take. But that's why we leave it on the road for the weekend. You have plenty of time to peruse and pick the one you choose that really be losing it. WQA and hello. Yes, sir. Amen. I think I got the old time worse. Okay. I had the cover. It's a cover though. Yeah. Lusky. Lusky. Sorry. Lusky in this guy with diamonds by. Why? We can't. Well, you have shat. Absolutely. Everything. Everything sucks. Did he's ever got involved with this? But he's a joke. I don't think that's the joke only in the evening. Okay. Thanks a lot, Pally. When you were shatner, can he sing? No. And he knows it. So it's a joke. But it's a comedy record. I don't know. But yeah. In that case, you'll have to put that on there because maybe we just won't. Plus I don't think it was a top 40 of the time. Maybe that was a top a thousand hit. What? The William Shatner version. Come on. Look at this. Number six with a bullet. What? Just a joke. I know. For some strange reason. William Shatner isn't even in the. No. I didn't like that. Don't see him nowhere. So I agree with you wholeheartedly. But luckily, we don't have to put it on there. Don't put it on there. Don't put it on there. Don't put it on there. And I just keep going. Get it fast. Don't put it on there because once you put it on there, you can't get it off. I just like that. Someone ate the cake with a, uh, some diabetic cake to cake and got by the three or whatever that song was with a sport in the rain. Boy 12 accused of threatening allergic teacher with cookie. South Orange, New Jersey. This is a true story. A sixth grader was suspended after school officials accused him of threatening to respond. He was a highly allergic teacher to peanut butter cookies the boys father said yesterday. Luburt Gabriel said is son. What kind of a name is that? That's all one name. L-O-U-B-E-R-T. Luburt Gabriel said is son. Twelve year old jewels. Had been out of kept out of class in April. Second after a girl in the social studies class. It's not orange middle school to the teacher. That jewels had made the threat. The father said jewels was carrying a snack packet of nut butter cookies and did make a comet about having something dangerous. But never said he had a weapon. They must handle this Gabriel said. Gabriel said the boy hasn't been allowed to return to classes pending a May 13 hearing by the district to family head. Believe this is special would just be for 10 days. School officials are declined to come out yesterday. In just in if even a morsel of peanut can cause people who are allergic to surface severe reactions from throat irritation to death. Gabriel said the teacher was not exposed to the cookies and had no reaction. Thank the Lord. Thank God. Death by peanut butter cookies. Kind of like people allergic to shellfish like Bob Green. Remember that? No. Every time we go to dinner, we keep saying hey, try the shrimp. Try the, it's fantastic. Shrimp. But you never fell for it. How about some shrimp salad Bob? Come on. You can do it. And give some to sure why you write it too. That's a rock lobster. Right. 560, 560, palm 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. WQAM, hello. WQAM, hello. You sure? Yeah, a great poll. Okay. Yes, I am. Actually, I've got a couple of ideas for you. I'm about to, sure people. Randy Newman. And convoy. That's silly. So he's throwing all those TV holes just for this. Okay. Thanks, pal. Thank God. Kind of what I don't think was a hit. Was it big hit? Was it big hit? Yes. No. Trust me. Look at all. You know, I want to call music by Madhai and steamroll. But they're not credit or doubtful. Oh, no. He did the, what? What a piece of crap that was. Let's see. I'm taking a look on your convoys. You double you, McAll, 176, what a shame. What a sad sad shame. Okay, convoys. You got it. And the other one was Randy Newman. Sure people. Which I concur. That's a very annoying. No one. You know? That's because you don't like short people. No, it's got nothing to do with that. If you be wrong about that. I've liked many short people in my time. Trust me when I tell you. I don't care about all that measurement stuff. Well, that's another story for another day that we can't talk about no more. Back in the day though. And anyway, Randy Newman ensured people. This list could go on forever. In fact, let's do it for another two years. That was good to me. Well, probably not. So I'm often telling you something about that kiss business, huh? Please, what? What? Why would they tell us? He didn't tell you about his kiss business? No. They got it. W, W, Q, A, M, hello. Hello, George. Is that you? Yes. Hi, I got a couple of songs for the poll. Okay. Go ahead. Okay. One is Bobby Vitton. I think it's called Melody of Love, where it's more a yad than oh guy, yad chick, Cole, come. Yeah. Oh, one. Okay. And the other one was, um, Byron McGregor. It'd be American. Right from C.K.L.W. I think so. Yes, sir, absolutely. Okay. Thanks. Neither one of those were hit though. Well, I have been looking at Bobby Vitton. I don't think so. In fact, I'm glad he mentioned Bobby Vitton. Know the poll is Prince. Man, oh man. It's enough to make you want to declare war on Poland. Bobby Vitton, now because definitely he's got some songs. What was it when he said Melody de Moore? Melody of Love? Yeah. Melody de Moore was by the Inns Brothers. My Melody of Love. Oh, now I know which one he's talking about. Oh, yeah. It was number three on the charts 74. My Melody of Love. He got it good. And some more Bobby Vitton songs, roses are red. Oh, was number one for four weeks. What does that say about America? Get that on, he rose the red. Blue on blue, get that on there and blue velvet. Oh, God. Was number one for three weeks. Bobby Vitton is the Antichrist. My Melody of Love. The S.C.5. C.K.L. The Rears on Your Colour. Oh, God. A Q.A.M. This is Mark Morgan. It's the 12-to-one hour on Q.A.M. All right. Back in the day when someone done a strong, we didn't take their crowd. In Pearl Harbor, or when the Japs dropped their bombs, we bumped them back. And now the Saudis, they hit us hard. And on our cards are little flags wade. At that Saudi-loving retired points of bombers to the wrong way. And other barriers to be in America, where they find no rules like cheese. You'd find it stays some arrogance. And by poor Chinese families, we'd make up this country. Happily taught to the darkest days and I used to be. I don't want to be a packs of Americans. Think it. Who was to be? What's a few thousand innocent lives stop living in the past? If you want, that's you be to drive. You're gonna need more gas. It's the greatest country in the world. They train us to believe. And anyone who says that, obviously, ends up for to be. And the inventarist to be in America, where we take triagently. Way the flag and wood has, with our hand in the sand, and lightly follow the powers that be apathetic. And I'm not talking to the flag. Come down. Watch the state for you, who's on a six-year-old, I would scream. Ah, scratch your finger. Five everything's okay. In the USA. As of going, come on three and five, sixty-double-dicoom, I think we let's learn off there. Just for me? I don't see tub thumping my chumma wamba. Do you? I'm sure it's lifted the cracks. It must have slipped through the crack. It's on there. Tub thumping his on there? Yeah. Get out of town. Tub thumping must be rolled out of there. There's a bar. It's got zero. It's got the big O. Holy, moly. How's that pie? I don't even see it. Another brick in a wall. There's Tub thumping right around, the rain apart of the things. And not too far down from, uh, someone left the kick out in the rain. Well, there it is. And I'm never supposed to change it. I must have brought you up on the Carthor Park. Look at that. You owe Eric's big-time man. I'll tell you that right now. This letter that you've fixed me. This, uh, thank you very much, whoever sent this. One of our chronic regular fancions. Thank you. It said, I guess this mass hole is okay with the erectobocca as long as you as death toll. Let's not see the 9-11 death toll. Only after reaches 3,000 will she then be pissed. Wow. This is a letter to the sun sentinel from Patricia Bendetto in, um, Benedicto and for Lododale, who writes, I'm just made by your daily tally of the casualties of the Iraq war. Is if they were Lodor numbers, the current figures are still less than the world's rights. And there victims alone. Maybe you could compare your numbers to any of the previous wars that we've involved in. Then your readers can see that while every person is to be grieved, the sacrifice that we put out as small compared to the historical, historical significance of the outcome of this war. Anyone for Armageddon? Whatever it all that means. Is that incredible or what? Is it as if a rack has got something to do with Armageddon? Is if a rack has got something to do with 9-11, neither which is the case. Wow. That letter of Patricia may be the one of the worst in the history of the subhuman race. Can you believe that? I believe it. Typical. In other words, like the statutes as once we get past me, thousand embellary even, okay? What would we get past the Vietnam number then? It'll be an issue. The only problem that is that these are more of ours that we're talking about. We don't even talk about the Iraqi casualties. They're not putting in the numbers of the casualties in Iraq because we don't have them. They're animals anyway. That was a good thing. They haven't done it. They didn't take us. They had nothing to do with it. And now after not having been a hotbed in terrorism, now they certainly are. So nice going USA. Well, you see, we had before we had, what's his name, Robert Mueller on there, and John Ascroft, one of the worst mass holes in history, the two of them on that together, warning us to well, because of everything that's going on because of what we saw happen in Spain, before the presidential elections here in November, we're certainly anticipating they're very well could be terrorist attacks on US all again. There's that because of 9-11? Oh, it's because of our Iraqi attack is what it is. But anyway, don't confuse them with the facts. Okay, it's a little bit too difficult to connect all these dots. They take a look at it and say, what's done? Regarding the pulse of the same facts, many reported in an I agree this is an excellent fact. Loving you is in the rather annoying song, which has been overlooked right. Yeah. Also, the spies freeboard and the first time ever I saw your face, longed run out in Oso terminal. Actually, I'd like to run by Roberta Flack, original. But we'll put it on there for makes him feel better, right? Okay. What? I said, okay, freeboard, freeboard, another horrible song. Freeboard. Yeah. Put them both on there. Freeboard and first time ever I saw your face. Roberta Flack. I can't imagine anybody don't like that. Who we did that? I don't know who didn't. Somebody did. Along again, actually by Gilbert Oso, of a naturally we're going to put that on there. He's a cramp. Offle. Kind of like, I don't know what you call it. I don't know what you call it. I don't know what you call it. I don't know what I call it. No, it did nothing novel about it. Yeah. What I call it? That's it. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. WCWM, hello. Hi, Neil. How are you today? Pretty good. How you doing? Good. I've got one that I can't believe nobody's come up with yet. And I know you don't like it. It's by Snapchat. Buttercup. What is it? Don't be up on Buttercup. Yeah, we got that one. Oh, Julia. And also, whatever happened to, Oh, girl. Charles Nelson, Riley, Kitty Carlisle, and that's my assistant. Whatever happened to him? Yeah, I haven't heard about them anymore. Oh, call on Pokemon Brian. He'll talk you about him for hours. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Do you understand what that means? No, no. WCWM, hello. QAM. Hello. Yes, sir. Got Neil? Yes, I am. Oh, man. I was quick today. Sure. Now about sugar sugar by the archies. How did he yesterday? Didn't do too well. Oh, man. I was just so long. If you heard that the less song before you got out of the car was in the head old day and I couldn't stand it. Sugar. Yeah. Yeah. How could you put sweet put on it? That is one of the greatest songs in the greatest catholic, by the other, you know. I don't know. Don't get angry with me, sir. Listen to that. Okay, don't get the benefit. Don't get the benefit. All right. Have a great day, pal. Freeboard sucks. 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T. And Verizon Wireless Line. There's nothing like a good free bird. All we can't talk about that, no more. Wait, I don't. WDQA and hello. Yeah, let's talk to Neil. Speaking. Hey, Neil. Neil? Yes, sir. This dance is alright. Hey, Dan, how are you? Pretty good, sir. Pretty good. That's something for the appell. Okay. All right. The worst song in the history music is Muscrat Love. Captain, can Neil was on her yesterday. Just failed to make the cut. Oh, I thought I hit the number 40. I didn't know it made me. No, let's see. Muscrat, let's like I said. Yeah, it was just 33 votes. Ah. It missed by about three slots for making the cut. Ah, that's too bad. That is the worst song. Okay. Thanks, bro. I'll pass it along through the Captain and show me a line. They're divorced, by the way. I didn't know that. Oh, yeah. And nasty divorce. Fine. Tony, to Neil, I was in the name, right? Correct. And Neil Senaco. He's got a wife, you know, and several children, which is shocking. Yeah, that's right. He has a wife just because he is a little on the mincey side. Don't make him want to be at all. Well, yeah, ladies. Come to QA and hello. Hey, Neil's having. How are you, don't, pal? My all-time favorite worst tune is that Lou Baker that mumbo number five. Oh, man, amen. That's it, man. And that's it. Yeah, that's what they call it. It's coming out of your report. My body includes some of my chemistry. Great, great. Pal, thanks. Mambo number five. Lou Baker. Probably grabs a Chevy. Vegas. Caprice. Five, six, seven, five, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six. On the AT. Got it now. Mambo number five. Here I go. Now you've got it all right. Oh, we can't play that. Just don't. I mean, we came in. Mambo movement number two. Yeah. Oh, no. Well, it's just don't. I mean, forgot about all those sounds and things like that. I apologize to the audience that we have to be like about her five year old children, but we live in a very juvenile country. Really, some of you do. And that's just the way it goes. We got to understand what that about it on it. W to QA and hello. Yeah, can I get on Neil? You're speaking to him. Hey, Neil, how are you doing? Pretty good. Just got into town from San Francisco, man. You don't know how much we miss you. Well, I'll be right out. How about afternoon to light? After noon to light, that was on yesterday. Did not make the cut. It had the 13 votes, not too big. Oh, not too big. But I like to cure wholeheartedly. It blows. Right on. Well, we miss you. And we wish we could hear you in San Francisco. You can't write online. Why aren't you listening to my mind? You know what? That's a good idea. There you go. Thanks, Pat. I have a great day. What a concept. Listen online. You may have to get up a little early in the morning, like seven day, and in the case of beginning of the show. Six and a. I'm like, I said, no seven. Seven, eleven. Seven, come eleven. Five, six, seven, five, six, nine, six, ten, five, six, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, and Verizon wireless line. I could read all the ones we did yesterday that didn't make the list, but that would be. You could read it twice. No. W to Q. I am. Hello. Yes. I got one for Neil Paul. Go right ahead. I'll pass it on. Don't worry. It'd be happy. Bob, you're McFerran. Yes. Excellent choice. Thanks a lot, man. Okay, man. See you. Don't worry. Happy Bob, I'm in with Ferran. How many votes has it got? Actually, the interesting part of that is, it's got the 16. It's not doing nearly as well now, as it was doing yesterday. And that is interesting. Maybe we got a different crowd, right? Maybe there's different choices. It's Friday. So a lot of people are already gone for the weekend. Well, I'm telling you, it's just, I don't want to go into it again. You hear me saying it all the time. But when it comes to be Friday, and people have a chance to be there, gone. Bye-bye. You know, that kind of a thing. Fruits minutes passed noon at 5.50 WQM. You've been here to talk about dial-maters in their sensational customer service. That when you call 1-800-maters, you speak on the expert vet and consult me and answer your questions and give me the customer service it is zero. Well, the dial-maters commitment is zero. It's recently caught the attention of the folks at the better business bureau. Dial-maters has been part of the South Florida community for over 12 years, where they may not have his denorthies, where they were in the coveted torture excellence award 2004 from the Boston Better Business Bureau. This award's given annual aid to a company that embodies the Better Business Bureau's values of honesty, integrity and ethics in a marketplace to receive this award as especially impressive for dial-maters to win, because they don't even have any stores and 1-800-maters wants you to know that one criteria in judging the award was truth in advertising. And you can bet your life on it that the things I tell you about dial-maters are absolutely 100% true. So, column today called 1-800-maters and get the whole truth and nothing but the truth about unbeatable prices on name brand betting. I'm one of their many Zillions of satisfied dial-maters customers and you will be too if you make that call 1-800-maters. That's dial-maters at 1-800-MATTRES or on their website at smecters.com. Dial-maters, the honest way to buy you a great new bed. You're supposed to be in 5-6. You AM! And, absolutely, please enjoy this is REMBOL4 and 5. That's your new bed. Oh you. John REMBOL's still my life. I want to make movies for and 5. My life ain't going great plan Hollywood's broke. Unfortunately, I speak like I had a stroke. First blood came in 82. That's when I heard my penis ended there by the rules. REMBOL2 was an 85-late. REMBOL3 was an 88. She was an 11 and two-hand leg-on. I did not make this movie with my son. It never happened to me. She was in Rocky 5 and daylight, the total movie. A little bit of cash is what I mean. I got to get a roll from the pile of cream. I got to have a mother and movie. Or blood-rich show like Ella means. I just nobody ever saw a cop in. It was stupid, I guess I understand. My whole life is about to cave in. All I got left is Jennifer Flayman. Yeah. Let me do it, don't. I make the make-remor for and 5. Uh. Check it out. So call me up. I really need a script. I can do dialogue. Or keep it zip. They like comedy. Action. Envenger. And drama. The only thing I will undo is having sex with a llama. So give me a break. For goodness sake. I used to be an emperor. Now I can't get on Ricky Lake. Right now I got a one-man show and book keeps it. Basically I'm an unemployed chipset. A little bit of cash is what I mean. I got to get a mold from the hollow creed. I got to have a no-loin in moving. Or a Broadway show like better heat. I guess nobody ever saw a cop in. It was stupid. So I understand. My whole life's about to cave in. All I got left is Jennifer Flayman. That's why ladies and gentlemen. I need to make remor for and 5. This is a good one. It's a good one. It's a good one. 19 at 5. 60 WPM. Here's a good one. Chris says. How about culture clubs. Karma Comelion. That song sucked ass as Chris. And he's right. Yeah. Karma Comelion. Can you handle that? Can you spell all these words? Got it. Okay. Josh has gotten. And he's trying to get rid of it. Let's see. The peanut butter allergic teacher facts. Says. When. And this. This is the one I've been waiting for. I knew I'd get one. I missed that I overlooked that just has to be the all-time worst the one that offence me I mean deep down to the to my toes He says whenever I hit the beginning of the almost-stake of a rip of Santana's smooth featuring Rob Thomas I begin to convulses if I was given a batch of chuck peanut butter cookies from one of my students Simply put I just like that song greatly oh man Whoo yeah, it's that God Carlos Santana you're not the least though Let's see a had the Arabs his stew Brace Stevens a hand a red remember that very annoying. Yeah, no, I'm only nobody I should like all his songs were but that one was especially annoying. Here's another one. D-fo. I mean, D-vo. I didn't know D-fo had a song A Vivo and whip it Now says here whip it with a good which is the lyrics, but we can't say whip it good. I would can we say that? No, no, we can't say often Yeah, no, you definitely can't say that So whip it you got it I got it he's got it he's whipping it Let's see here's one Frank Santana strangers in the night is the worst song of all time Makes me reach for a Jim Jones purple cool aid. Have a good weekend says strangers in the night. Okay, I find it I mean, I don't like it. I don't like Frank Santana, but whatever This is a poll of you folks plus we want to make the list at least 20 30 thousand names, right? Not a good man I put how long that thing is in the poll too. You see that? I see it. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. One great thing about the internet that I never realized in the beginning Way back when we first started doing this with Eric comedy years ago I was always considered about what we don't want to make the list too long because we're running out of room Well, there's no such things running out of the one the internet It just goes off there in the space from Pluto to Saturn to Uranus Just goes on forever Uranus How many QM hello, minus Hi, I just want to do I out another song go ahead. It's a manomana. I don't have who wrote it I don't know if you're thinking on the list yet manomana. Yeah, remember that song I remember Remember that one now this one was like it went Oh, what is the name of that song manomana? It is oh That is the one the most they do commercials with it. They use that for everything I think that I think that's a brainwashing tool that song. I think they try to grab his nuts. Thanks a lot, pal Dude manomana, I think you have the word Manomana oh Magic ass There's a lot of this magic ass How do you spell that manomana Oh Kill it stop it I'm looking I can't even imagine where you'd look the font a me and a my e and the like itself Yeah, manomana, you know how to spell emmy and don't you? Oh, yeah, I sure do But the good part of it is it was never a hit So unfortunately we can't put it on there It's like filler music for the muppets or whatnot. Yeah, but he's right. They use it all the time. He can't ever be handling. You're in Kuzuzola when the middle of it. No, I think it's her. No, I don't. Why don't we put happy birthday on the list while we're here? In fact, Kuzuz is anywhere nearly as good as the one that you didn't let Eminem song. That we can't play no more. 560560 on the AT&T. Well, I said we can't play no more. How many thousand songs? Not 30 minutes, not 30 minutes. Can't play anything anymore. All the way, this kind of refreshing, and now that we're doing the music thing, but I'm finding a few not too many that we can still play. A few. Just shoot. I do like we can still play this. I think I might play it after the break. I mean, that way we can play. It's a set of pieces to throw. I can't see the crystal. Yeah, that's what muffled me this morning. So this can't fill another crystal. 560, pound five 60 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line. WQAM, hello. You're good. Yes, I am. I have a special hatred for one particular song. Okay. If you can imagine being a 14 year old girl in 1968, which I probably can't, but anyway. I can imagine that. 14 year old named Judy, who wore glasses. Oh, Judy, this guy in the, Judy of the Sky's with glasses. There you go. J. Fred Mugs. John, yeah. John. Right. Good choice. Yep, for you. Thanks. Judy in disguise with glasses. Oh, my God. And that was a huge, Judy in disguise. Well, let me look. Okay. Since you want a nitpick, I didn't know we were going to get all that nitpick. I want to speak to it. Pick. Okay. I just dumped George. What? What did I say? You didn't say tip the first time. I didn't say tip at all. Oh, mine and what you said, but I don't think they just sounded bad. Oh, let's see. Well, if I didn't like it, you can just imagine all these other, what am I looking for? Judy in disguise. I see you got me all just pulled that out of nowhere. How do you surprise us again? Let's see. Judy in disguise with glasses and in parentheses. Ah. John Fred and the Playboy band don't forget them. So you can put the Judy in disguise with glasses and in parentheses. Can you handle that, George? He can do it. If anybody can. Five, six, seven, five, six, the bomb five, 60. When I, what did you say? Don't say it again. Spick. Ah, okay. That was enough. Pick. Oh, you were talking about off, I felt tip 10. Okay. W to Q and hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Ah, Neil. Yes, I am. How are you doing? I'm doing great. Ah, how about the short people by Randy Newman? Short people by Randy Newman is weird. We already got it. Five, six, seven, five, 60. Don't forget the Q and van is right now as we speak to one o'clock at the CRECTION business center. 66, 25, my mimey likes to have his Miguel there. Who's there? Who's there? We know what he Josh is in Miguel. If we know what he, uh, what's his name? Scott Jr. Sure. There we go. Yeah, I guess. I, and we sure know what ain't, uh, what's your name? What's your name? I don't want to say it. Okay. Stop by and register when free office space for a year. You can also spend the prize wheel for Marlon tickets and enjoy free food for my landing city. Sub square hours are good friend of the great guy. And we love it. Those are fat field sandwiches. Then join Gelty tonight. Six to eight. Pokemon a armpit. Anybody does. Do I get the quarter deck located at 1541. Quarter of a road in Fort Lauderdale. Stop by and enjoy M still light special. And registered when a trip for two to the Iceland open golf. They're going to come up in June. That's a six to night at the court of a road quarter deck. Stop by and see Gelty. Give Marbest. And do I enjoy this Sunday from 1101 at Bill Siddles, Mitsubishi. Just watch the 27th have it on 36th street Miami. Fursual prizes, sandwiches and the messages from God. All of these things at no charge. All right. Don't get panicking now. Okay. I didn't realize I had to go thinking. What's kind of a stranger. Do you know something? No. Oh, brother. We got problems here, man. Oh, no. Mono, I mean not that kind of problem. I'm just saying I got I'm all out of order here and all of these things. Maybe I might actually have to do it here. It's heavy duty. A lot of pressure these days. A lot of pressure folks can't say this. You can't say that. We're sitting like on on tender hooks. Whatever those are. Do you ever have tender hooks? No. 27 past noon at five 60 WQL have been putting off that home improvement dream because you're afraid of a home improvement nightmare. Well, here's a chance to have sweet dreams and sleep easy because design concept builders is the answer you've been searching for. Design concept builders is one of the top home remodlers in South Florida since 1983 for the following reasons. They're 100% customers satisfaction with their no excuses policy. They refuse to have an unhappy customer not even one. They offer quality work at a fair price and design concept builders have an exclusive five year labor warranty they give you to. So I take the risk of a real neighbor on a new addition to your home and why mess it up. Whether it's a kitchen bathroom windows any other project called design concept builders. Check them on the web if you like a design concept builders. Come and call them at nine five four seven one eight sixty seven sixty six financing available with no payments for six months with a proof credit. You can also get you for yourself a 10% discount on all you remodeling through the end of this month only with design concept builders. The website again is design concept builders all one word dot com or call it nine five four seven one eight. sixty seven sixty six five and local we're sports video five sixty two a. You a. You a. You a. You a. You a. You a. You a. You a. You a. You a. You a. You a. You. You a. You a. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. We're leaving way right Yeah, we all look and rest the same and hate the gaze and cheese the same And fear the things that we don't understand Oh my gosh, you're mixing was like us Well, his face could stop the fuss So I think we all should give our little dick a hand And 96 will be a slain And beat the dims like a Rod making Well, don't the red and blue just keep the white A lemon boss that I straight Just don't let him near your plate And hope there's no more books for him to rise We leave way right And need a kitchen Okay, we find a bunch of clinics And then we will let go We're mostly white That's true That's perfect Here's the big measure That's cause we leave way right I'm sure when they said we're traditional there or two May I agree 1234 26 to 1 at 5 60 WQA And the hoppers on today Mad Dog at 2 the hoppers is back on a schedule at 4 But a big relief we were going to have the big There were so many complaints Oh brother the switchboard was lit up like a Hanukkah bush People just riding in the streets Oh you can't do us again Just say no to the big thing So the hopper is coming out I mean I don't want to have any mistakes on this pool Because we try to do this very scientifically It's extraordinarily important and I mean Josh is under a lot of pressure Because we got thousands of songs on here But I'm perusing and I see on here One of the songs is Oh well I don't want to say it's going to make us look really stupid Oops but air supply last time I checked was a group Yeah the song was and not only that but it's a good thing I looked up because the actual name of the song is The one that you love I never knew that up there I always thought was the one you love I thought that I thought I was wrong when the other guys have the title Oh guess what it's the one that you love How do you like that? Yeah air supply So I don't know how you do that Is air is going to have to bathe your ass out again Josh Yeah I'll take care of it What do you mean you'll take care of it? How are you going to do that? I'll let him know but I'll let him know The one that you love Not air supply I mean do we want to look stupid or what? We don't want to look like a bunch of bozos do we 560560 on the AT&T And Verizon Wireless Line See this is all just a little bit of verbal jousting here Because we got the draft coming out Oh we can maybe they important stuff Do we have a drag in the old mode? Might steal out of my eyeballs for the draft I believe aren't they? Tell whatever And by the way, won't make sure you dress up real good We don't want you to catch a draft W to QA and hello Yeah, I got a couple of songs for Neil Go ahead Okay, Neil first of all I'd like to say the dolphin scene song Although it's not for the top bit of every one of the worst songs Okay Thank you What is that song? Revolution number nine Right that was at a time 40 hit No no was the dolphin scene song No I mean he just got out of a system That's all I mean I'll have to make the list that they all made list We'd have about 75,000 songs on here and people would be going bananas Ficed let's see have you ever been mellow by Olivia Newton John somebody says And also they say I got you babe by some of you and share That's full of muggates as these two and we say Not I got you babe, huh? That's the worst song that was ever made No, but he hates it But he hates have you ever been mellow? We've worst by Olivia Newton John bomb. Have you ever been mellow? Let's put that on it Yeah, what's the story? She interrupted this week Olivia She's around and if she is still having all of them kids there with the Matta Lapancio That's right they got divorced. Remember Matta Lapancio? No, he was an issue. Do Matta Lapancio was in that cute movie the tutor my tutor. Oh, that yeah, that was a cute movie I was a little distracted so I didn't see there was something there for everybody That's what he said 5670560 pound 560 knows how red his cheeks were The only 18th anniversary Perfected wireless line. Wow. WQAM hello Anyhow how you doing pretty good? Hey, I've got one for you. Okay. What about don't give up all the stay But from David Sol from the star ski in Hutch fam excellent choice now. You've isn't yeah, and also I know Maybe George remembers this John for Volta revolver on that time. Yeah, he had something also something Yeah, something all right. Yeah, I think it was a hit. Yeah, I'm afraid so and that's basically it I just want to say that. Oh also I do have a spider port for you. Wow. Oh, I was by report. Okay. I was looking a little bit to scare America of these past couple of days And you know she uses your drops as she's running and raving. Randy like one well, but he's use your You're a good Jesus, yes, I mean no, no, yes, and she's also use your okay Okay, okay, so if you have any roll, he's a collector. No, it's okay. She can use she needs to help, you know Okay, let me ask you before you go out or you're the one that I want John for Volta and Olivia Newton John speak of the devil No, that's not the one he's talking well, that made number one summer night's grease summer night I'm gonna grease for the living Newton John. I'm not I'm grease, okay You can finish me with your operations manager now let her in Yes, something like that and there was the grease mega mix, which I don't want to kind of you can only imagine what kind of grease he was using in that Anyway, let her in I think that's it You got a bit there was number ten. Thanks a lot, okay Take it for that. A red red was number ten led her in by John for Volta and the other one was David's soul and don't give up on it. Oh, God Wow, that's a very good one. Yeah, and now see as we go through this list The one thing that I wonder is who were the people who bought these records? You know what I'm saying that chicks teeny buffers Do you know that don't give up on us reach number one No, but oh, no in this case. That's a lot of fakes. I'm sure What David's all oh, well, yeah, and then too, but John for Volta is who I was thinking about what John for Volta a lot of fags What in he pretty boy Oh, yes That's me. So I thought he was a well himself. He's a sign-tongent just right anyway 21977 1977 number one and it was on the charts for 13 weeks. Don't give up on us by David's soul Wow portray Joshua Bolta and TV's here come the brides and Ken Hutchinson on TV's star ski and such careful Wow There's a couple more for it. We get that air supply straight now. Yes, good and By the way, you're at it since we're straight enough. I'm like boss. I'm gonna just watch before I come back up on the ceiling Talk about a really bad air supply man. We got a sick building a QA in the elevators. There's screwed up nothing works Got airplanes growing to begin to verset play. It's almost enough to make me play. I hate this place But we don't have time It's 19 to one a QA in the lightsOS book is for all you five folks out there who are desperately trying to lose that way because they have the best products for the weight loss Phase of your low carb diet. If you're on the acines the sugarbusters the south beach or any low carb sugar free diet. You'll love this door It's the number one low carb store in America many of the new reduced car products on store shelves are geared toward just cutting back on carbs Not on weight loss. Well, who the whole wants that if you're biggest account you've tried everything out of the sun You want to lose that weight you want to do a fast the lightsOS book is expertise is always been on the weight loss phase of low carb dieting Not just cutting back a few carbs The lights carry over a thousand products with a focus toward the lowest carbs possible all of them can fit into a successful low carb weight loss plan The spring sales go on right now, so be sure and stop by you love their staff. They know dieting inside and out and they're open every day seven days away from 10 in the AM till 10 in the BM You like to watch go get around the Northeast corner of grades in 441 right next to Boston market. You can call them toll free 1 877 low carb that's LOWCARB run a web. It's low carb calm LOW don't forget that's device or West GoFitch your official atkins retail My That the lord even loves neo Rogers everyone loved William Honds bang up job on American Idol and now all of William Honds greatest hits are on one amazing CD It's hung up on hung run cool before I know my Yeah, from outcast to jay low everyone's hung up on honds My rock dad. I hear a you're from breath. He used to have a little now. He has a lot of tone deaf fans who can't get him out of hung up on hung Rob, Barra for a bulb, Mama, I know what you need. If you need a pure of mine. It's worth a lot more than 50 cents. Order now, and you'll also get this free bonus CD. On American Idol, loser, sings the American Idol winner. Oh, fair and rough. Oh, what happened to you? You seem to can dance no longer need to be the fanfare. Goodbye. Oh, you, when Rob is true. William Huggs hung up on Huggs only available for the next 15 minutes of his fame. So don't delay. Call now. Annie should be hung 1245 at 560WQM. Don't think that we are at Sidney Crawford. Nick and we had to be the curtainer if you're the age of 75. Reason why I played that is because somebody factions and says you guys are missing the worst song of all time. And the Google sings it. Go, go, go, go. He can't say, go. Uh, gets offended when asked if he really thinks he sings good. William Huggs, she bangs. We can't say that either. It's on its, uh, it's on a CD, which is on sale now, which says everything you need to know about the taste of America. This guy sucks ass. He's full of himself and should be cleaning the restrooms at a local mall. And then it says, FM. How do you like that? Yeah. Pretty strong language that we can't say on the air. P.S. In the spirit of your audience next time you ask, what's the worst of something like? My answer is everything at all sucks. Well, are you? They're a little bit bitter, pal. You got to understand where they are. Here's something I like. Yeah. Gail McCormick. It's a crime scene. No, but there's that out there. I just haven't seen these great songs. I think there's a roof song that they everyday. Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha. Ah, the floor, the floor, the floor. It's the guy you shape, we don't have it no more. Oh, oh, oh. Well, see, that's one of these compilations like these happen to be from the 70s. Uh, most of the songs on these are excellent. Like, for example, five man-like to go banned. Anybody who don't like this, come and think of it. No, I do. Here I am, we'll get a moment. I'll talk to you and know you go. You'll let me in my square home. Either way I would be wrong. I don't know it. I'm a playman without you, you told me. I bet I'll win the correct. And much more, I'm just a lie. You don't like that? Uh, oh my god, you have to be kidding me, communist. One five morning by linehouse. Hey, bad. Here's one of the songs that are listed. We put this on sweet city woman. No. Oh, the stand painters man. So that's a pink band. Wow. You're going to get the beastle's pissed off. Oh! Oh! Oh! I have no one. Alright, sweet city woman, you got it. I got it. Now, if you don't like this, I know you love this song. I'm not a five-man-electrobal band. You're better. I don't want to say you're watching like it, I'm like, but you better. You're joking. Oh! Oh, like our version of it. Oh, man, that's great. Anyway, she has to think of it, play it just a little bit of a couple of good songs, because otherwise it's duty pressing. We don't want to be negative, you know? The absolute worst song of all times is this, thanks sir. That spelled RESPCT by Eurethra Franklin. It says it was okay the first 42 million times, and then in Worthden, we spent Hank's going to be upset about that. I'm per love Eurethra. Eurethra, whatever it is. Carolyn says, man, I'm not the oasis. Didn't we already have that? I thought we heard it. We just take your camel to bed by. I don't know if it's under. We get that on there or not, Josh. I don't know. Midnight at the oasis, Maria Moldauer, I remember saying it. Yeah, it's under. It's under. Look at all the ones that have none. Something has none, convoy. My melody of love Bobby Vitt and the full of sprints. Roses are red. Smile a little smile for me. Rose Marie, none. Love you. How did that beco swabby get on there? Oh, I put down it. I'm sure wish we could play our version. What do you call it? Call it another bat line. Can't play that one, no, Mo. Loving you. Many represent the one you love. The one that you love. It says the one you love, which is better than saying the air supply. But it says the what you did again. Or did they ever do that? That's okay. They know what it is. But I mean, I didn't go at great lengths both George and I went. We went on and on probably much, much too long. Yeah, about that does. Huh? He was it. Oh, I'm not he's listening to that new urban format on kiss. He's kissing it. Another brick in a wall, the record of the eminent fits your old. These all have zero. Montego Bay rock lobster, midnight at the oasis, and then the gold. Strangers in night, Tracy. Have you ever been mellow? I got you, babe. Let, what is it? Let her in? What is that? And that the John Pvelto song we were just talking about. Oh, yeah. Don't give up on us and sweet city woman. Wow, so many. Let's see. I'm Henry VIII. Now come on. Herman, Herman, don't be picking on Herman. Herman, it's now Carolyn. Don't be picking on my buddy, Tony, no, no whatever his name was. That was his name? Peter Noone. Peter Noone. Sorry. Peter Noone. What we can't say, Peter anymore. Tony Noone, like I said. 560560 pound. 160 on the AT&T and Verizon line. WQAMLO. QAM. Not there. WQAMLO. Hello. Yes sir. A couple songs for the poll. Okay, go ahead. The first one is father, stri-fan, Neil Diamond. You don't bring me flowers anymore. Oh, oh, ought to be bringing me a cute bag instead. You're right. That's common do things. Yes. The other one is Patrick Swazie. She's like the wind. Who, man? From the dirty dancing movie. Speaking of the wind, he blows. He blows. Exactly. Not anymore. We can't say we certainly can't do it. Thanks pal. I don't know if it was a hit. Well, I'm looking up right now. Patrick Swazie, man. He's so many, I don't know. Is it me or is it everybody like that? Just a lot of people are very famous. And made it big. And I just can't stand them. Like the electric Swazie. It ain't something about him is whole ambiance. Patrick Swazie was number three. She's like the wind. Oh, he has a little faith. Boy, I was like the wind. And what was the other one he had before that? I forgot. Oh, bye. Bobby right now. Or that was her get him. Bye, Bobby right now. Oh, Bobby right now. By the way, it was. Uh, I can't say. 560, 5050, pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. I want a long time ago. Many may rather want to go to it. Yeah, I'm sure you can get some votes. Okay. Billy, don't be a hero. Billy, don't be a hero. Billy, don't be a hero. I think we have that on it. Don't worry. We do. Here we go. Okay. Thanks. Billy. Does it have any votes? That's the obvious question. You know, that is. That should have votes. It ought to. Who did that? There. We don't do that. Here. Okay. I got the book right here, but I mean, that's so fun. I don't see Billy, don't be a hero. Did I miss it? I'm cruising this thing here. That might have been yesterday. It wasn't. Well, I just happened. I've used to these list right here. I also have just in case. The top 50 from this Blender magazine. So before we finish this off, I'll polish it off for the weekend. We better. We're going to prove that together. And we'll decide, you know, see what I'm saying. Otherwise, if I think so, then we'll decide. 560, 0560, pound 560 on a. 18 and 6. And here's one that might belong on there. Let's write that right. I'm sad and blue. Wasn't that I can do the boog of the one. Last time, last time. Do my thing. And there's why I say. I can make it. I can make it. I can make it. I can make it. I can make it. I can make it. I can make it. I can make it. I can make it. I can make it. I can make it. I can make it. I can make it. I can make it. I can make it. I can make it. That's not much across between Scott for real and Wolfman Jack, don't it? Yeah. You don't know that song? Yeah. I heard it. It's by the pickings. Give me that thing. It was number nine. Give me that thing. Can you handle that? Can you handle that? Give me that thing. That thing. W to Q. Hello. I think I got too few for you. Yes sir? I think we got every library. It's higher. And 90's degrees by key. Oh, that's a real good one. Thank you. I thought 98 degrees by key. Ball of very, very surpy low key. Nothing put you into a coma. Remember that song? Yep. Starts out with a piano. Oh boy. I read it here. Liberal Rachi listening. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Town 5, 60 on the AT&T. And for Riza Marvel's line. That was quite a bio on a biogra. I don't know. Yeah. And a lot of stuff we didn't want to know. And didn't need to know. Akey, breaky hard. Billy Ray Saras, you can't touch him. If you do, he makes the sound. Akey, breaky hard 90. Macarena 74. And then it's way down for feelings. More sour the cat 32. Who will let the drugs out 31? You might have my life is gone. Good man. This go duck 27. Tip toe through the tool of 21. Don't worry. I'm going to do it. If you don't have my baby 12. Ebony and I agree 11. She's into the sun 10. Everybody else single digits. Although these boots are made for walkins. Pull it up. It's got seven. By the anxious Nancy Sunter. Whatever happened, her. She just vanished. She didn't die. Pose naked. And then went back into the hiding. She posed naked. Then she went undercover. Double QA. Hello. And she went undercover. She went undercover. Double QA. Hello. The next. Double QA. Hello. Yeah. I want to speak to the police. Speaking. Yeah. How are you doing today? Pretty good. I think I got something I want to put on your pole. Go ahead. How are Tony or Lando? Tai? Yellow. Yellow. Yellow. Red. Next. Nice. Nice. I thought that would have made it. Am I sure that it didn't make it? It didn't make it. No. With all this competition. Come on. Thank you. Pretty hard on this. Let me just take a look. How to do. Tai. Yellow. Ribbon. Maybe it wasn't on there. Maybe maybe Josh left out. Now I had 16 votes. Not even close. It even got beat by Bobby Grohl's bro watching it. Watching. A Scotty Grove. I can't say watch in a grok. No. Oh. I didn't say that. I just said can I say it. And you said, oh. Okay. Well, say it. Four minutes till one at five 60 WQM lobster fish is back at the Emerald Coast. If you want to go for a real feast, this is the place you'll never walk out of their hungry out here with you that. And because it's the spring with all the spring breakers out there, kids 600 are eat for free at the Emerald Coast. Sorry about that came last night, Richard. We'll be better on Sunday, maybe. In addition, the Emerald Coast still offers all of their sensational, mouthwater watering delight start with six different kinds of soups. Have them all if you like. And then sampled dozens of succulent enthres like New York strip made order in their sizzling Asian grill. The brand new who non-fish. Enjoyed main lobster thermoners dialed Jonah Crab oysters on a half shell. And if you still have room left, be sure to check out the handcar from where they're new Thai specialties. And the buffet features a full salad bar full Chinese food line up at the brand new sushi bar and fresh. See them cocktail too. Don't forget no MSG, no cornstarch, no crap, only cholesterol for your rolls. You walk out of there with a big smile on your person, a full stomach for example. If you have room left at the end of this meal, they got a full dessert station too. Featuring bells and waffles, pies and cakes, pastries with all your favorite toppings, even fresh fruit. They even be heaven watermelon out there for you too. Emerald Coast relocations for you, sunrise, sunny hours, tempered pines. So take all family or book and I spend this lunch and right now. And don't forget, fill out a membership course and get you that monthly newsletter too. Let our good friends at the Emerald Coast cook up a storm for you. Take out and deliver you available too. Call 9-5-4-5-7-238-22. 9-5-4-5-7-238-22. Lot of imitators but they're nothing like the Emerald Coast Chinese buffet. It's my life and love. This is for you by 60. You and me, yeah. But boy, it's the one to two hour. And another thing. You lose another thing. You lose another thing. You lose another thing. Stop. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know too. My just is sad, but inside my baby alive. I know, doesn't matter, but that way. I know. Nothing else is reliable. And my tux trees are getting increasingly hungry. I know. I know. I know. I know. But dear babies, I do love them. That's rude. Why do you want your respect to you? I know my smell will track you. But unlike that you, you still got such a... I feel just like that you are my dear brother and want you to do it on me. That's why you want your respect to you. I don't know your story. I don't know your story. I don't know your story. I'm on a show and push you in a kitchen. I can't wait to the children. All right, that's enough. 103-560 WCM, and I'll come over to the Humperidge 4th. This fact is just me, is even more annoying to me than it is to you if that's possible. It says, hey Neil, I noticed that one of the banners advertising on your website was one from the Navy. I guess you support the draft. What's this? Schmidt? John and George puts on here. This is the fourth fact from this guy. First of all, let me say it again. Let's give the benefit of the down assume we didn't hear the earlier question about that. We have no control on Eric has no control when you have banner ads on your website. They just have run in rotation from whoever is selling the banner ads, which is not us. Number two, what is the Navy advertising Navy recruiting? Can you explain that to me? No. So that was a... If we're a 9 in favor of the draft, then I guess we should also outlaw the military recruiting too. The late on our arms like the coordinates would say and just throw on the towel. Advertising it for such. This has got to be about the most stupid crap, okay John. So save our facts paper and get a brain, okay? Go get some training yourself. Navy recruiting banner ad on the website. If this is the most important thing that you got on your mind to send us all these facts, all I can say to some you up is... I have no line. Yeah, that's it. It's a service. I have no line. It's a service. It one subscribes to a service, the website advertising. Yeah, you have to explain this to him again. Yeah, I take some. I don't think he emmerates this kind of response, okay? No, it kind of response he merizes like that. And even that's stupid for him. Sorry, guilty. 560505060 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Live. Well, I'm telling you one thing, I'm really like all confused here. You know what I mean? Well, I got a set of lines with my spots and with a light. Just a little bit. I mean, I don't have to talk about it, but it kills some time. I'm trying to get organized. Or I'm a great orderly with this crap. But you're a bad guy. No, I don't need any food. But I just, there you go. I'm all set. Everything's under control. Frank says anyone mentions a song, a fast car by Tracy Chapman? No, but that's a good one. I think it's fast cars. But fast cars, like I said, I'm really not sure. Oh, I don't say it. 5605050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050508050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050505050 got to you briefing on your right now about it. It's terrible. I mean, it's the bad thing, but he is no more important than any other one of these gentlemen or late. Right. His life is a game. I mean, you commend the guy for turning down all that money and the career to go into fight for his country. But on the other hand, all these other people who knows what they turned down, how about the families they left behind, how about the children they're never going to see all of this other stuff going on? But you're nothing about that. 710, some people did for George Bush's personal agenda. Right. Signate, Signate and America, sit and back, survivor, American idols, lip and... There you go. You've got to man, it's all a care about. They can tell you, you know, William Hong, they know all that stuff and these people ought to be hung. Disgusting. Yeah. Publicity's packing permits this. Go ahead. I've got three songs for you. I'm not sure if you've...you've...these are...are reruns or not. Uh, take my breath away by Berlin. Okay. Terrible. Uh, I've had the time of my life from a dirty dancing movie. Terrible. Time of my life. And... Yeah. Take my breath away was number one, believe it or not. By 1986, holy, moldy. Take my breath away. You got it, Josh. And the biggest one, and I'm not sure if somebody says it's already a girl, just one and a half upon it. This is irritating, terrible, 1984. I think 80s had a whole slew of bad music. And the 70s? Uh, you know, it's some of the 70s songs, even if they're kind of bad. If they remind you of a certain time you're like like being an eight-time, ten-year-old. Like, men in that the oasis and Billy don't be a hero. You know, kind of...you're so so strong, but you know... You know, you're like ten years old, times are easy and good and stuff. I feel bad. Right. George Bush. Exactly. Well said. Thanks a lot, pal. Like me. Cindy Lopper, girls just want to have fun. Wow. Ever seen her in Boy George together? Same person. Yeah, actually. I'd see them together once. Did you really? Yeah. That is shocking. Okay. Now, here was the original list. I want to just want to...because I'll forget about it. Oh, look at this. Somebody added on here on this... We're song that Blender List Missed. This is from the Houston Chronicle. Uh, I write the songs very manllow. We didn't put that on there. I write the songs that everybody pukes at. Uh, um, pop by Hanson. We got that, right? Yeah. Top something by Chempo One Mobile, which we almost left off Dude away, uh, oversight. What was that? I beg your pardon? After and after and after I started like in Starland Vocal Band, Vera Cuda by Hart. And Cecilia, oh, by Phil Collins. What is that? Cecilia? Cecilia? What's up? What's wrong with Vera Cuda? I...I look, don't get into it with me. I didn't...I like Hart. I'm all hard. Anyway, here's the 50 from, uh, let's see. We built a city, a key breaky heart. Everybody have fun. And I've by Wayne Chung. I don't even know what that song is. Bad. Oh. Do we want to put it on there? No. Roland, Limbisket. I size baby, heart or rock and roll. He will loosen the nudes. Don't worry, be happy. Party all the time, Eddie Murphy. Uh, we didn't make it. Merkin life Madonna. Ebony and every, oh, invisible by Clay Acon. I'm making just thinking about that. That needs to be on there. No? Yes. Invisible. He ought to be. Coke, although a Prince Charles likes him a lot. He's a good singer. Coke, oh, the beach boys. I see, every time they do one of these things, they always rip coke I mean, it's, uh, it's not their usual style. It's different. But what's wrong with Coke, I'm a, it's okay. Smalty. Yeah. Illegal alien by Genesis. That's all. Uh, from a distance, better, middle, I'll be there for you by the Rembrandt's. What's up by four non-blons? Pumps it a bump. Or we can't say that by the hammer. The hammer. I don't even, I don't even, I don't even. Uh, you're the, you're the inspiration by Chicago. Chicago is the 18th worst song of all time. I, I love Chicago and I, I, I grant you a very, therapy song. Yeah. But a lot of therapy songs are good. I mean, that, about, I don't like that song, but I hate the one. I like her. Dancing on the ceiling line over to you. If you want to put in these on, or here's one. He doesn't want to put any of them on this. Here's one you will put on there courtesy of the Red White and Blue. Kobe Keith, the Angry American. All I can say to him is, yeah, or a change by the, what a, what a, Jack hole. God. What was that movie? Dave, the Jack hole. That's all that. Some glasses at night by Cory Hart. I like Cory Hart, Lee Malone. Five for fighting Superman. I'll be missing you, puff daddy, featuring a faith Evans in one, 12. Oh man. The end by the doors. Another one that they just, they won't leave them alone. Leave Malone. He's dead already. What year? The final countdown by Europe. I love Europe. And the, you're group two. Your body is a wonderland by John Mayer, Breakfast at Tiffany's Deep Blue something. Greatest level all by Whitney Houston. We got that. Mmm, the crash test dummies. Mmm, I don't know how you say that. I don't know how you say that. I like that. Um, will 2K Will Smith. We put that on the yesterday. Then make the cut. Barbie girl by Aqua Ditto. Longer by Dan Fogelberg. Shiny happy people by R.E.M. Make him say, Oh, by Master P featuring silk, Fein Mia X and Mr. Call 1998. Make him say, Oh, that. Uh, Rico Swave, Jibardo. Or can he sing or what? Cotton I drove our red necks. She bangs Ricky Morton. I want to sex you up, Colony Bad. Can we say that? We didn't start the fire Billy Joe. Not that. That. Oh man. I hate that song. We didn't start the fire. But we should. I hate it. Oh, really, Joe. Be like right in the middle of it. Here we go again with the sounds of silence. I'm in a garfo picking out a couple of old Jews. I hate that. There's nothing wrong with that song. I love it. Follow me. Uncle Cracker. And again, I'll do anything for love. Meet Loaf. Miss Marized by job rule. Featuring our shanti. Hang and tough new kids in a block. The only thing that looks good to me is you, Brian Adams. O blood. The blood on the Beatles. That's sacralages. Uh, I'm too sexy. Right said Fred. Did we put that on yesterday? I'm too sexy. We'll put it on today. Or yesterday. And my heart will go on. Didn't make the cut. I'm forcedly Celine Dion. She is despicable, okay? Uh, twice. Now, wait a minute. I just looked at that poll. Did you see that bush 46 carry 45? Where was that? Governor Bill and Oyes scheduled the tour storm damage parts of his head. Oh, and maybe that was an Illinois. I'm not was the national poll. Sifting through debris in five categories. They're just going to the tornado thing in Illinois. Well, look at that. Maybe there's a hope for scary John Kerry. Okay. Maybe he's just kind of like Lee and low right now. And we'll butcher him up big time when we get to the convention and he's going to shift it in the high gear. And then he's going to really get animated. Do you think? Do you know how we hope? We hope all right. That maybe there's something there. That's it. And thank what we ought to do is have like a he can put a put John Howard Dean on his knee. You know, like a puppet like Charlie McCruddy. And just every now and then slept on the back like mode. Us with Kelly. Yeah. And then. Yeah. Maybe we could do an old doc Frank and son brain transplant. There you go. One 13 at five 60 WQI was your company suffering from regulations and increased labor costs. Let Oasis outsourcing help you when it comes to the people side of your business. Pay roll administration. Fortune 500 company employee benefits. Human resource services and risk management are just a few of the services Oasis outsourcing can cover to help your business. Be more profitable. Call Oasis outsourcing today for a fee evaluation at 1 866 at Oasis. That's 1 866 to 866 2747. With more than 60,000 employees worldwide Oasis outsourcing understands the many facets of human resource management. Autrosan's been recognized by firms large and small as a powerful management choice, which such a focus on your core business while leaving the operational details to Oasis outsourcing. Let Oasis outsourcing make your business more profitable if you like a free evaluation. No obligation call this toll free number. 1 866 at Oasis. That's 1 866 2 866 2747 for Oasis outsourcing. 566 566 366. 366. PUNCH THE LOSTION IN THE BASK IT. Now a phone conversation between Queen Elizabeth and the Arab parent, her son, Prince Charles. Hello. Hello Charles. Yes. It's mom. Mom. What are you calling? I'm worried about your Charles. Mom, you can't keep calling me every day. I'm very worried to call me late ten times a day, Mom. I've been handed the newspaper here. Is it early noon? Yes. I don't read such rubbish. Well, did you happen to see the front page? I didn't see it, Mom. I don't read such rubbish. I'll tell you. It says, it's Charles by sexual. Oh, it's me, by that, Mom. It means you like the lashes and the lads. I don't like the lads, Mom. Don't cry, Mom. It's growing, isn't it? Please don't cry, Mom. It's true. It's not true. It's not true. It's not true. It's not true. It's true. It's true. It's true. It's true. It's true. It's true. It's true. It's not true. I knew I should've thought someone wrong when they thought you listening to Clay Egg. I like it, Mom. It's a good thing. It's all true. I mean, that's all it was. It's all those Barbara Streisand movies in the collection. I love to, and yet, oh, Mom. That doesn't make me buy. Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah. That's Harry. Harry's fine. With it, watching him shower right now. Wait, are you crying, Mom? It's true, is it? What? It's true. It's not true. You're my sexual. I am not. I'm not. I'm not. I don't have any sex. The woman I'm dating Mom looks like a horse. I mean, she doesn't give it to me at all. You know that. Is that why you go for the men? I don't go for those men, Mom. So it's not true. I'm going to be the king of England. Yes, I should have worried about it. Oh, he worried, Mom. You're being acting and the queen. I can't can you just condosation any longer, Mom. All right. My date here. Your date? The committer? I'm on an early. Who is that? Just a friend. Is that committer? It's early. Ernie, who's early? I'm afraid, early. Who's early? Ernie, we play here. Pull balls together, Mom. You don't play for Mom. We play games together, Mom. I'm about to go to have them. Don't cry. Some crying. Honey, past one at five, six to open my an early. Let's see. All we have another mistake. Another little crisis here. We want to get this right. Okay. When you got 4,000 names on here, it's not easy. Josh, I understand that. But, plus you're a little confused. We have a little bit of a generation gap here. I'm looking on the list. And one of those that has none, which is supposed to be 98.6 by Keith. That's somebody called him little while ago. We've got 98 degrees. I don't like that. Am I close personal friend Nicholas Shea would probably take Umbridge with that two as with Jessica, if she knew what they're Let's go. Bubblehead. It's 98.6, not 98 degrees. 98 degrees was a group. And a very good one too, as matter fact. But they're gone. And look at that. See, he actually could sing. He can't act. Goes to sure. That's America for he was one of the few of these boy bands who could sing was great. And now his songs just stay in song. So as we saw he's on there with his bubble head wife. And they're like, I hit. They're a smash. They're all over the place. Nick and Jessica. Got it? Yeah. Okay. So let's see if we can't tidy that one up. Thomas says, how is the weather in the checker public, specifically Prague, if Bush is re-elected, that's probably going to live in the evening. I just find it's toasty. Now this toasty is the ovens will be here when Bush gets in again. For the poll, the worst I ever heard was Tim Buck III, future so bright I got to wear shades. What is that called? Future so bright I got to wear shades. Is it? Yeah. That's an aim of the song? Could just be a, I got to wear shades, but I think that's the whole name. Come on. What kind of a name is that for a song? I don't even think I know that song. Tim Buck III, that's called the future so bright I got to wear shades. It was number 1986. So I don't know how you're going to get that all in there, but there you go. That's up to you. What's up? I need to get that idea to green straight enough, and I need 0.6. Get your temperature by Josh. And the like stuff said he'd be glad to come in and take you temperature for you. Now let's see, girl, you got what I, what? What? Girl, you got what I need by Bismarck. Bismarcky. Why see Bismarcky? Is that Kim the Marky Marky? I think they're cousin. It says George think back hard when old and he did the regular rock guy. He was dressed like Mozart at a piano. I was coming back to you now. You got one I need by Bismarcky. Was that a hit? Yeah, was. You sure? Positive? Look it up. Are you sure? Well that's it. I recognize that now. There is the bee's leaves from Naples making a guest appearance on the show. There's from it. Can we say this? They're picking up. What am I looking for? Bismarcky. Here's the Vingol boys. How did dance? Oh my god. How embarrassing. Bismarcky. That's too what we're not putting that on there anyway. No? Her? Girl you got it. He had one hit. Just a friend. That's what's called. That's the name of the song they're talking about. No. Yes. That's the name of the song. That's the name of the song that the fact is talking about. I see. Okay. Just a friend. Was number nine in 1990 and were embarrassed by it. Okay. There's that one. There's a future so bright about it. Make the time a few more words along. There's a little bit of a dark beat by Don Johnson. That's a good one. Man could he sing? No. Or one. No. Here's another one. Very sadler. Felt of the green berets. Good. 560 pound 560 on the AT&T line. Hello. Hello Neil. Yes sir. I have a really bad song that I don't believe in. Nobody's mentioned. It's got to be the absolute worst song I've ever heard in my life. Okay. Many represented a lot of people. Longing you. It's on there. Now what about smooth. Did smooth ever make it on here? I don't know. Well no, we can't leave that off because I think that's going to pass it on after. Huh? And it's got one vote. It's only got one vote. Holy moly man. Smooth. Rob Thomas. Carlos Santana. Elante Cristo. Holy moly. You've got to be kidding me. Well over the weekend those people who are written with their music. They'll pile onto it. WCWM. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. I got one for the ball. Okay. 992 by zero in the question mark. Oh man. He might be right. Who the hell knows? What do you mean who the hell does? There's such a song? 96 years I think is what he's talking about. Well that's what I'm saying. Question mark in the Mr. and 96 years. But you never know. There might have actually been such a song. I don't know. What do you say? You don't know that. I don't know. There's no such song. Of course I know that. How do you know that? I know about it. I hear it is right here. Like not. How about weird out the anchor of it? Eat it. Oh. It's a parody. Yeah. I mean their hits. Didn't they play that in the all in the family? Or fight no don't put that in. No put it on there. Now especially don't put eat it on our pool. We don't want to anybody tracing that back to us. 560560 pound 560 because we know what a dirty mind the FCC commissioners have. No wait. They sure do. Oh we know what you meant by that. Yeah. We know what you're talking about. WCWM. Hello. Yeah. This is needle. You want to speak to your. No song is even naming those are masterpieces compared to one. And I'm not sure I got the name right. But it was love for you by some woman who sang it. Many of them are not bad. Many of them are bad. Many of them are pretty. Yeah. That had to be the most horrible song ever on history of the earth. Okay. Thanks a lot, pal. Many refer to loving you very annoying. Why, why, and horrible sound like scratch and nails on a blackboard. Well that's what we can still play. We can still play eight sounds that you hate. Right. I love that. Well there's one sound in there. I don't get that out of those sounds. No it's not. Luckily it is not one of those sounds. Loving you. Well where is it? I know it's on there. It's all come on. Many even do better than this. Carmer comedian. Short people. Please cracker please. You tell me that it's not on there. It's got one vote. One vote. Okay. And then they complain about my taste in music. Holy moly rat man. This is unbelievable. And especially the smooth with the centen and Rob Thomas. That thing if I ever hear it again. I'll shoot somebody. I'll shoot somebody. Right now. 27 and I know you just waiting. Yeah. Is that a bit that we got on that? Is that a bit we can't play it anymore. What does it call smooth? Oh it is. We can't play it. Wow what does it say? Oh don't stop me. Spring of the savings right now. It's saved like never before. A new car truck from Armstrong. Toyota of Homestead. They run US 120 and a South of the A36 and it's worth the drive. The matter where you live because they're going to save you so much cash. Thousands on great new Toyota's. Check out the great leestials waiting for you right now as I speak. An old for Camry or for Honor. Just 260 nine a month for 48 months. How about an old for Highlander just 309 a month. Need a truck? How about an old for Toyota 10 with the safest truck in the US of A? You pay only 170 nine a month for 48 months. What is not to like? And these are just some of the great savings waiting right now. It's Armstrong Toyota of Homestead. General manager David Rich and the staff will do just about anything on the son of Kuchu Adil and put you in a great new Toyota today. So I experienced the Armstrong Toyota Homestead difference. They're locally owned and operated. They're coming to 100% customer satisfaction as well. The service department is even up on late to late week nights to make sure they get all Your service worked on. It's easy to find them there right at the corner of US 1 and 293rd Street in Homestead. 20 easy minutes south of the A36 and when you hear this, you'll flip. Armstrong Toyota Homestead offers you free tires, free batteries and replacement parts for life here vehicle. That's right. Tires, batteries and fee parts for life. Nobody else nowhere does that. So forget about those big song that ants make a car. Devis and car Giants who always seem to over promise and under deliver. Get yourself a great deal of a at Armstrong Toyota Homestead. Call David Rich the GM at 305 242 32 47. That's 305 242 32 47. Travel little and save thousands on that great new Toyota today at Armstrong Toyota of Homestead. We are sports radio 5 C-SUR, 2 AM. Are you a drudge-packing? Now go, how go, how go, how go, how do you have never heard or seen it? The more girls ago you gave me your nomination, the be advised struggle. This is sunrise. I've been watching you during the day. Makarana on Belvin. And if I could have your silence, I would like to demonstrate to you. The Al Gore version of the Makarana. And we'll try to do it. Makarana. Makarana. Would you like to see it again? I'm going to shoot! I'm going to shoot! I'm going to shoot! When you are alarm goes off in the morning, Makarana. When one of your children reaches your stereo and fruit, Makarana. Makarana. Makarana. Makarana. I'll take a one thing. See you in the hyper-revetlating on this Pet-Tillman's story about getting kill action and Afghanistan. They're hyper-vetlating for like ever. This is the only person that died over there. I mean, just on and on and on and on. And anybody else who died so that I'm going to die? Not to minimize any loss, but it's just a little bizarre. Well, it's very mercenal. 133, 272, 25, 60. Here's one. This song. You'll probably disagree. And I'm not saying that I think this is by guarantee a lot of people. I think this is a growth test. Oh, well. No? I don't dislike it. It's an over-flight. It's a death course. I don't like it. I don't like it. I don't like it. I don't like it. I have no life. Yeah. Yeah. Steam. It'll be a vote. Na na hay hay kiss and good bye. Can you put all of that on there? Yeah, you will. I think in our 90 to 80 degrees. Na na. Hey, hey, kiss and good bye. Got it? He's got it. And on the way, definitely waiting for you. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. I'm just a repentant of an ass today more than usual, but because you didn't tell us about that kiss business. Why do you think he would know? Because he's the operations manager of WQAM. Right. And certainly he's got the says, 10icles and testicles running through the building there and up. He should have some clue what's going on with either. Beesley South Florida station. Okay. The worst top 40 hits song of all time. Aki breaking heart 98. Na na na 84. Feeling 37. See the top two are just all off down the road. Who let the dog out 34? This go duck 32. You let up my life 31. Tip toe through the tool of 25. Don't worry. Be happy and you will if you turn that song off 25. Who built this city? 16. See that was number one in that blender deal. I think you shouldn't throw their pull in the blender. Ice ice baby 14. Haven't my baby 13. Have it in ivory 12. And it's a downhill from there. Somebody QAM. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. Worst us on public hearty Michael Jackson. The girl is mine. The girl is mine. How did we miss that? Just brutal. Okay. Thanks. Did we miss that yesterday or did we have another? That didn't get on there yesterday. The girl is mine. Oh brother. Piece of crap. That is. Thanks a lot, Pally. Good one. 560. 560. 560. On the 18 team. I'll see that QM fan thing is over. I just want to get these in one more time. Join Geldid Knight 6 to 8 PM at the quarter deck at 1541. Quarro for road and for a lot of deal. Stop by the way, Joy, Amster Light Specials registered when trip for two to the Ice Light Open Golf Derman coming up in June. That's at 6 tonight 6 to 8 at the quarter of a road quarter deck with our close personal buddy. Little Geldid. And then, Joy and George this Sunday 11 1 at Bill Siddles, Mitsubishi. Just west of 27th Avenue on 36th street Miami where nobody's speaking English. George will have prizes, sandwiches and messages from. Good. God. WQAM. Hello. Yeah. I got a phone for Neil. Go ahead. Okay. We are the world. We are the world. We are pathetic. That was a good one. Thanks. I don't know what it is, but last couple of months I've got to keep singing that. You know, I just want to get a song in your head and you keep singing to yourself. Now, that was by, don't tell me. You are safe for Africa. Was the group? Right. Yes. Okay. I just want to see if it actually made the, Oh yeah. Was number one for four weeks. We are the world. Get that on there right away. If not sooner, Josh. We are the children. We don't want to get molested by a officer. How do you like that? It's really interesting about how he hangs around with his kids all the time. You know, all the songs about children who hang out with the children. He just likes kids. That's all. A lot. Yeah. This is good. Until they get a little bit too old. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon line. WQAM. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. I got one for your pole. Okay. I don't remember who did it, but it was called ring out the game. Oh yeah. By the Reverend Jones, huh? By Reverend, uh, whole. WQAM. Hello. Hello. The best part of it is I knew it was him immediately. Yes, sir. I got three. Is that okay? Well, let's go with the first one. I will see you might need some help. Okay. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh, man. That's a fabulous choice. I'm going to be up before you go, though. Thank you very much. And another one is, uh, uh, never get away by just a little bit. What is it? Never get away by just a little bit. Never heard of it. You know? They'll have to go by, you know, to package. Oh, yeah. We're back to that again. 560, 70560. Maybe they're actually such a song. 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. Maybe there is such a song. How about we know? I don't eminence the ride. Do we care? No. WQAM. Hello. Yes, sir. How about every year a Christmas time? I want to wish you a Merry Christmas. I want to wish you a Merry Christmas. But was that a top 10 hit now? Uh, maybe it was. At least I read that. Oh, oh, I think I just got myself lost a rabbit. It was. Sorry, sir. I apologize. Big two. What? Please, that of your dad. No comment. It would be in poor taste at this time. Let's see. For least not made. Not made. I guess what? I'll give you one guess. That's right. So it was not. It was not the hit because it was never like a single. Oh, you know, it was on Christmas. Everybody put on a Christmas up. You know, like was a Feliziano and Bridget Bardot. And all these other, who we are. Was that made albums, you know? Like Andy Garcia. Was on his album. Van Cullione. Feliziano. Feliziano. We have a take off on it. Paul, it's police got my pot. Yes. Police got mine. I think we can still play that, can't we? So remind me this Christmas. This is poor 205. QAM. And we're talking horrible. 560WQAM. Come home me. Right here at 567. H-O-O. Oh, 560. Come home me. Let's be talking to Steve and Miami. Steve. You know what me? Warick Goodmighty. Well, Crow. What does the marlins have to do to win the world series this year? Oh, that's an easy one, Steve. They got to swing the bat. Hit the bow. Pits those jikes. Remember the game of baseball is hit the best in hitting. Who has one more half? 5% field in. 5% pitching. And doing a bomb is hit managing. But Crow, that's 175%. Why don't you be questioning me? What'd you be? G-Man. G-Man. G-Man. You be a-Man. Well, now I'm not ignorant. Boy, I play ball, pass you no baseball. In a terrible country against men half my son. Did you? Well, actually I- Go to me now! I played him. Go to me now! Are you good? Go to me now! Tell me homie. I'm the grow. How did G-T? Elemanopee. 145 at 5.60. W-M-A-Draw coming along at 2. We got the draft stuff going heavy duty. Oh, right. Tomorrow's the big day. Everybody's on the edge of their seat. Can you feel the draft? I'm feeling it. Maybe that's why you got that swollen package. Anyway, 2 entries for the poll. Rock me M-A-D-S-D-S, the version by Falco, simply horrible, horrible. The record company didn't even bother translate the lyrics. It says, and P-Y-T pretty on thing by Michael Jackson. That was a hit? Yeah, it was. Come on. You just picking on for Mikey again. Yeah, well, for fun. Let's see. Michael Jackson. Well, let's-this is going to take up pages and pages and pages and pages and here. I-Is it, brother? Michael Jackson. Here's like, uh, what am I looking for? Pretty good thing. I don't even know that song. You're lucky. I'm sure if I heard it, and I sure hope I don't. Uh, you're telling me that was a hit? Yes. Or guess what? La-Rong. Stell it right. Look under P-Y-T. Uh, I'm looking for P-Y-T. I'm looking for L-M-O-P. Like the, uh, crosses there. It ain't there. P-Y-T. They're pretty young thing. It's not under P-Y-T or pretty young thing. It ain't under, uh, Michael Jackson. Now, let me look back on their alphabetical. Since you want to make a big stimulus about this. Uh, no. The answer is no. Now, what year would this event? Uh, 80 something. No, there was not a lot. When? 80 something. Not a top 40 hit. Sorry. Well, lucky. I like that. It was a stiff. So sorry. Find a signal. Wait a minute. I'm sorry. Well, guess what I'm looking under. Oh, Michael, hold me. I'm looking under Janet Jackson. Ah. And look at that. The thing popped out again. Uh, Ben. Oh, boy. Ben. How can we don't have that on there, Ben? A song about a rat. Yeah. Love song about a rat. Oh, I'm so glad that we found Ben. Oh, that. Here it is. Pretty boy. It made number 10. It wasn't like a big smash. I'm feeling good on every P-Y-T period. Got it? We got it. We got the period. And then Ben. If there's a horse Michael Jackson song in that, I ain't never heard it. Boy, 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon. Wireless line so many bad songs. So little time. I guess what I find. Hey, there's this in front of the cluster. Come way out of the retail. Every Thursday in 29. Tomorrow night at the retail in Blena Park. It's Eddie in the showman. The Jan Dells, who's going his mega Jan and Dean. But they're late at the United. Eddie in the showman. The blazers with Kathy Marshall, Queen of the Circuit. Darren's going round, Robin in the Parleys. The retail located Stanton, Christian, Lozlock, he's not very far away to park. Tomorrow night, Jan and Dean. Friday night, Robin. The retail, Dean here are these square. How do you like that? Okay. Well, the reason I play this because Jan Barry just died here a couple of weeks ago. I knew he had some really marginal Jan and Dean songs. Is there any other kind? But, uh, so it's like a little tribute there. It's on a distant vocal brand. Send me listen to him in my spare time. And speak in a Jan and Dean. What about sidewalk surfing? Throw it that. Oh, calm mind. Are you crazy? sidewalk surfing and what's the other Jan and Dean stuff? Well, that's good enough. How about the night Chicago guy? Somebody says paper lace wasn't it? Yes. The night Chicago guy. Let's get that on an artificial craft brand knowing. Come to the QA and hello. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. That's big and ill? Speaking. Any other foreign people? Okay. Welcome all by and out of Beach Boys. Beach Boys, coke, come on. Okay. No. Where would he been over that ground, right? I mean, we didn't put it on there. It was on that other topic. If you let's put it on there, we give him some note for okay. What do you say? Okay. Okay. Thank you. Coco. Coco, mole with two keys. WQ and hello. Hi. I've got a sponsor for a call. Okay. The Dominique by the seeing none. Dominique. Thank you. All right. Do we put that on there or not? If we did. Somebody mentioned earlier, I mean it takes forever to find the Um, that. And they played that man. He played it almost to snuff. Make you want and just. Oh, 98.6 that's going there. If we got that straight now. Is Dominic on there? I don't see it. Do you see it? I don't see nothing. Do do do do do do do. Blue on blue. He's on the list. this kiss this he wants kiss this I don't think we can say that uh... all right we don't have Dominique uh... nirniscas gonna be very upset and rightfully so another people called it they're gonna be coming to knock in the door down on the station okay especially Monday when kisco's uh... urban uh... jazz uh... who why and melodies whatever they're playing all down who all day you're gonna play all home music five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighty six and barrage more listen how come i enjoy that so much and i w q a m hello hello how are you pretty good good letter you're it i'm looking to you various times today and decided that your list cannot possibly come to complete without the song feelings or having my baby good both on there they are a don't you please you'll know it'll say that you'll be pleased no feelings is number three right now and have my baby is number uh... it's in the top but doesn't for both of you nicely all right i appreciate it to see what you told those you all right but what's not the light thanks a lot man five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighty and ten horizon wireless line w q a m hello yes me a hold on sir me my radio okay yes me a lot of a request no more bad songs are gonna slip my wrist w q a m hello out there i line two q a m ola well i when i started afternoon and got a good song okay that's here to so on crisp cross just to for cross sailing the best outstanding thank you okay that that in another one a play of crisp cross man he needs to be on the cross see i'll be alone and uh... kind of hard to nail him down like uh... somebody said about who was who were they interviewing or that uh... priest this morning on i miss he was all been on the shakes because crisp Matthews never showed up i will say this much about i miss even though he can understand where he's saying he's seen our live demand he has yours however some SMBC and rightfully so with their twenty or thirty viewers got thirty men and rift christmathus and ass i mean when he had father agree on their talking about the milk gifts and movie and father agree with his well you know it's hard to describe uh... jesus kind of hard to nail down i mean it was so obvious i mean it's right there for the pickings you know and because crisp Matthews was listening to a word he said he was doing the you know making noise which is what christmathus does best which is why one of the many reasons why nobody watches the ms and bc why notabis e all glue rip Guys, great recycling robin. We're going all the way in. Wavin Robin. Spear skicks. Oh my god. Four robins in his bun kicked again. Two knives. Reckham. Five of the tortillas. And guys, upward and dumb. We're here, thanks again. They're costume from steal the blue special. We blow a blow. That means we're doing the belt again. You know the talking Robin. Oh, no. We're stopping Robin. Holy, I think. Better than it's really got his hands full again. It's been nine. Brains. We're sitting away. That's the moment where it's an accident. A seething risk. Badness and terror. I've got to tell you this. The plan is saving you and the machine will show. Harry on where the costume got lit. You go to the talking Robin. You look bad, man. Stop and robin. Oh, we can't let him. Four of the flutters get his bun flipped again. Good night. Oh, nice, man. He got the man. What is this? Probably the best show on his 3dVPS. Me anyway. The worst hit song top 40 of all time is. Akey breaky heart. I mean, there's a list here. If this doesn't keep you busy or we can. And of course all the draft stuff. What more could you like? Although draft is not probably really good word to be seen. I'll allow these days. Not out loud. Akey breaky heart 103. Mcerrain 86. Feelings 40 Morris Albert. Man, it is just he needs to be Chris Cross. Pull at the dogs out 37. Disco duck 33. The beboone. You will let up my life 32. Don't worry. We'll be happy 28. Tip 12 to the 12. 20. 80 still dead. We built the city 17. Heaven my baby 16. I size baby 15. Every in ivory 13. Seasons in the sun doesn't. Then single digits for these boots are made for walkins got nine. Man, he's got eight very manel over to big one. Snows. Term between two lovers eight butterfly kisses eight. Donka shane seven way Newton can sing his way up a paper sack. And he talks to his seat. He's things to his teeth. So there's a little message for it there Josh. People who talk to their teeth are one thing. But when he actually sings to their teeth, that's the next step after that. So if you want to emulate way Newton just keep it up. If not, put you up a little bit. Man, I'll just come to the next the Humper. No big. Oh, hey, that's the top news of the day. Bye bye. I've been doing this a long time.