Nill Rogers is coming up next QM Sports Time is 10 o'clock Victron time is virtual or done We are leaving one track but we are going on another track We are going to watch it and see the game back the way out I can say about that is Or anything else for that matter 10. I want it 5.60 W to QM remember the good old days Remember those things? Yeah We are going to have a little bit of freedom of speech We can use to say something beside that And the thing that just amazes me I don't know why am I amazed I don't know Because you tell me nobody seems to care It's like what is it take? Is there any possibility of waking up the American public? I don't think so I think so Is that what it is? Yeah I think that's what it takes Here's George's pull By the way we want to put out We got the lovely downtown Julie Brown We got the beautiful beautiful The beautiful beautiful beautiful The beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful The beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful The beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful The beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful The beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful The beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful nice beautiful beautiful g I don't know you would love to drive I did you enjoy you we can turn into the scenery I will make you to you shoot on blog for me i will tell that you want such beautiful Beautiful for you eyes maybe you will please a please your hand είναι has an excellent And very beautiful not funny you can do this very well Amazem and this Areyeon Hadler, a beautiful historical Latin Piniz video will lead you to the house right? A joke to her I am already lead perch the flower How much is to pull on us every day and try to find the way these bastards up? Well, good luck to you. Howard Spurms says he's finished. I don't know what he said this morning because of course in South Florida you can't hear him. And I'm not in South Florida anyway, but even if I could I wouldn't be listening. But he said unfriety that they're on a verge of pulling the plug not just on the six cheap channel stations, but nationwide. And we find out from one of the few real broadcasts people in the building, the QAM today, that this week they're going to be 12 more FCC fines going to be coming down. I don't have any information to tell me who they're going to be against. But I have a feeling that it might be against some people, you know, including Howard Spurms. He's expected a big one this week. And that'll be the end. That'll be finito. So here's my poll question today and I can't understand why there's so difficult to get it across to you people. You're having the first amendment to Bill rights. Your freedoms are being stole and right in front of your eyes. And the public is like, and it's Jim Sarnys' right before I get to this poll. All these articles about Hank being suspended. Well, the insane was being suspended, but he was supposed to be a big secret till Greg opened up his big mouth with his, uh, with his stooly there, very jacked at the hero. If you want to see who the mole is Greg, just look in the mirror that dig everything on a top where most people's head is on the top of your neck. That's the mole. Greg, you're it. Where it how was that? Oh, here it is Jim Sarnys. And the son sent me'll says, uh, uh, the middle of a bunch of rambling thoughts. He says, WQAM should pay callers who don't want to talk about the dolphins. The same stuff they after day it is un-licinable. How do you like that? Jim Sarnys. Mr. Sports nerd himself Mr. Usually suck it around heavy duty. He says it is un-licinable. Absolutely correct. All dolphins, we don't need to have a sports station. We need to have a sports bar with a micro one. We have a dolphin bar with a microphone. And it is so pondrous. It's just it's unbelievable. Anyway, here's the poll. Why isn't the public up in arms about the government's efforts to stifle free speed? I think that's pretty direct. Don't you understand that? No, could you explain it five more times? Okay. Why isn't the public up in arms about the government's efforts to stifle free speed? What are you talking about? Here's the five choices because the media is mostly ignoring it because they're too stupid to understand it, meaning the public too. But, because they don't have any leadership. The only leader we got is what's his name from Wisconsin? Ron, what's his name, Rust Fungle? He'd go Ross. Good Jewish, should Democrat boy? Because they don't have any leadership because they don't give a Schmidt or because freedom of speech is just a saying in America. I don't know which one I'm going to vote for. It's tough. It's a tough choice. I'm going to use a few polls. I think I like the last one. They're pretty good. Freedom of speech. It's just a figure of mine. It doesn't exist. I got the second one. What is that? Stupid. Are they stupid? Yeah. And speaking of that, we're now was he this morning. Well, we got some real tourist manic QAM. Where was the mom? The mom? I don't know. I got kind of a busman's holiday. If there's one thing I can't stand stupid. Is people that don't show up all the time? Yeah, vacations and all kinds of stupid excuses. No more excuses, Mo. See, now I told you something to get to the hang thing. WQM, hello. Q. A. M. Yeah. No. Yeah. They're using Wisconsin? Anyway, getting back to what I was just about to say. Get how many they got? About 30 men. About Hank. So Hank was suspended because he mouth-offed screw-and-win-ok. Now the thing of it is screw-and went to a but crying to Greg. Oh, you know, that's uh, he's uh, call me names. And like I said, whatever he called you, honey, believe you me. I don't know what it is, but it was an understatement, okay? No matter what the words were. An understatement. And I'm thinking of myself, well, if that's an actionable offense, according to company guidelines, how about today that I was there in January and I walk into the uh, come out of my car? I go into walking to door. There's the moment, who says to me, F.U. and F. The ground that you walk on. Well, how do you like that? Yeah, we're both. That was before he made that feeble attempt to try to win me over on his side. Which I almost got sucked into for one day, one day of weakness. But at any rate. Well, what kind of, what kind of activities that talk about an unacceptable, a hostile work place in environment? You should file a complaint. Should file a formal complaint? Because as far as I'm concerned, that's a bunch of right. We still, we still can say, but I will say that and if I like to best about what they're doing now, whether they're taking away your, all your entertainment, taking away humor, taking away comedy, taking away anybody's ability to say anything. Is it not only they make enough of the rules as they go along, but they're just making up the amounts of money to find. Oh, not not, uh, $27,500, not $275,000. How about 500,000? Well, I got a better idea. How about a billion dollars? How about a cadillian? How about a billion dollars, for example? There's one billion. There's two billion. There's three billion dollars in 30 and 10 after 10 yet. We're already three billion dollars in a whole. I can't see in the whole. Can't see it. See, there you go. Just making it up as they go along in the publicsets back. Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, like that. And this isn't a Republican Democrat thing either. I've been trying to tell you for a long time. There's one party that's more malignant than we know which one that is the one in power right now. But they both suck. Your government doesn't care about the Bill of Rights. There's nobody other than West Fineckel that I'm seeing. It's got the balls to stand up there and say, hey, guess what? You're just making up this crap as you go along because you want to cater to the right wing lunatics out there. To the senator max brown back of Kansas who's a raving lunatic. And all these other right wing religionists. He's good. He too. She was, you know, very simple. If you don't like a show, turn it off. No, like the language on a show. Don't watch it. Nope. If you don't like the acting, don't watch it. Watch something else. Watch a bugs bunny cartoons. Anything you like. Oh, not anything you like no more. It's all over with boys and girls. I've been trying to tell you that for a long time. And his past couple of weeks, it's just astonishing to me. I'm over there in Europe in Berlin and Amsterdam and every day I'm going online on the internet. And those internet cafes, which are great by the way. Thank goodness for the internet so far. So far. While supplies last. Yeah, when they finish with cable TV and satellite radio, then they'll start working on the internet. That'll be next. This is fascism at its worst. This is in my lifetime. This is the worst attack on American freedoms ever. There's nothing that even was close. Even a McCarthy arrow was a picnic compared to this. And here's the public sits back. What time is the game on? Who's going to be the quarterback for the dolphin? You're right Jim Sarny. But I'll do apologies to my close personal friends at QM and by the way, I'm a hundred five hundred percent behind Hank Goldberg. Okay? How many of you? You get his ass back around here. And Greg reads quote and very jackasses column. This is unbelievable to me. Read was non-committal about Goldberg's future with WQM. I want to take some time and talk to my corporate people. Read said, this could have been resolved in a dare to, but because of the actions of the attorneys, it's forced us to look at the totality of Hank's contribution to the radio station and his performance. What a crocker crap that is. But this man is done on a radio station in spite of a minimal promotion or minimal assistance. Speak for itself. It's legendary. He's a big shot. Okay? Big time all the way. Last trends come out afternoons van. In fact, this station between 10 and the morning and 7 and night, we're doing this fine. Okay? Not the big jack-in at numbers we used to have before because our Bertrand can't figure out how to do the numbers anymore. Anybody who speaks English or they do know how to do them. But they just don't want it. And then our consultant Bill Tanner, he goes in radio and records magazine and is whining on behalf of the Spanish language stations that he represents and he's a consultant for, oh, our Bertrand just doesn't know how to do right. Yeah. I got a lot to say about you, Miss Tanner. Okay? Bitch. Anyway, I can't say that. Speaking of nasty bitch, I'm going to tell you something right now. This piece of copy. I want everybody in the audience. I want you to listen. I want you to hang it. If you think that Hank was out of our control and bitching out our sales managerist, screw-and-winic. If you think that I could carry the way by talking about a bunch of sales people who couldn't find their day in Tonio with a with a copish and a search party. Wait till you're this piece of copy from the great treestrat bird. You got it in your center. Have one. Good one. I'll go. Troy. You know? No, I don't think so. Yeah. I'm free. I do. Troy. I got it. Troy. Holy count of Troy. You're an idiot, Troy. Troy. You're a moron. Troy. Are you overweight? Problems controlling your diet because you were diabetic. The answer to your problem is plans for life. France. Troy. No calling. No shipping. No cleaning. No worries. Just results. Troy. Three. Gromette meals. G-O-R-R-M-E-T. Three. Gromette meals. And two delicious nice delived right. Oh, your door. Set up. S-E-T-P. Let me read that sentence again. Good job. Three. Gromette meals. And two delicious nice delived. Right. Oh, your door. Set up. After out the month of March, you were loved one. Can win a free month of balance for life. Just log on to their prestigious website balance for life.com and check out their contest pages. See how you can win a free month of balance for life. Or beddy at column and tell them that DRO is an idiot. Call 9-545-6832-29. That's 9-545. DRO! 5-6832-29. Balance for life. It's the real weight loss program. Not a drastic or crazy guy regiment. That's only going to force you to put on more weight when you're finished. Once again, that's balance for life.com. Log on and change your life for good and change DRO for good too, please. Oh my god, your breath, they're beautiful. It's in the street. Troll all and the keys to the downstee was walking out the door. YUMR! I kinda get the feeling that's a set up for forced to help this camp hang out. Pretty soon it'll all get better like around the van, but when it's walking time down. Oh yeah! Oh yeah. mois. I've seen that 560 W2M on happy Monday to every day's gonna be a real unhappy miserable day until we get something done I'll tell you that right now no more happy days That's where Ronnie Howard said no more happy days for him 90 votes on the poll so far All I have like 300 on there already you people ought to be foaming it to mouth instead They're probably busy looking at downtown Julie Brown while they still come again Enjoy it. I think behind that being in curtain-wide you still can boys and girls and others shut up damn at least over the age of 18 I shouldn't said boys and girls. Nobody had to wait for 10 cents when iron curtain right now It already hit did hundred one votes. Why isn't the public up and arms about the government's efforts to stifle free speech What I thought it was yeah That this is gonna be 90% of the show come out Right in fact that spot for balance for that blan blan blan's for life I Think genie must have written that spot my maid genie. I think she was writing about blacks for life something like that They're gonna use that Clark's blan's it's great stuff. Hey Troy man. I tell you one thing you can't complain about your IQ one idiot 105 votes because they're too stupid to understand it 42 They're stupid Because the need is mostly ignoring it 21. They're worried about a cool and Haiti Which we stuck to guy in there two or three different times already Clinton sent 20,000 troops in there In 1994 to get his ass back in there and they're worried about a cool and Haiti It's the guy. What's he complaining about he's in the center line again republic for cry out loud? What's wrong with that? Well, I mean can't make any phone calls they can't do any more interviews and stuff like that, but you know To say that he was kidnapped or that it was a bloodless go mean while we got our bloodless cool in America going on right now Bobba loves bungee and Tampa off the air that brought out there in California What that was your name on at the artsy farce station? I got to hear somewhere. Did you have that story? Yeah, why don't remember was Sandwich thing low KCRW FM in the California and She got canned Because she had hit some commentary and it was a four letter word in there We don't know which one because God forbid this you put that in the sun sent a see this is another thing It's not just whether you can hear the Howard Stern show or the knee a Roger show or the Bobbin Tom show or the Bobbin loves bun show or any other damn show That's just the start Next it's gonna be where you're gonna get your news Well, there won't be any more NBC or CBS there will only be fox no more ABC there just fox all spin all day And Then won't be any sun sent or even a mommy Harold anymore in New York times or Washington post you're gonna be getting all your newspaper for more of a day You're information from whatever news paper they tell you I have never even dreamed in my wildest nightmares that this could go on in broad daylight Just like the way they stole the election in Florida right there in front of your faces right in broad daylight When I poopy judge with a big eye looking up at that the Chad, you know hanging Chad Google eye I think that's what they're gonna be doing on passions today is hanging Chad, but at any rate Yeah, things are going back to that stage you and probably hanging from a goddamn maple tree wouldn't surprise me at all And America just sits back, you know We're too busy a word. I what what are they worried about? I don't know and any excuse about the Janet Jackson thing That flat that that was just the opening if you part of expression that they were waiting for that just exactly what the the Nazis were waiting for We got the word police we got the nose pick and police we got the sex police the pleasure police the smoking police the J walking police The radio police the teeny police the booby police But away guess who died. I give up. Why you let me get so excited on my first day back at the nice vacation I'm really pissed off and fired up not not for a show. I mean for real I'm just I'm just really Filming at the mouth with anger and hostility and psychosis that stuff that was okay 10 years ago and it was okay 20 years ago Now all of a sudden it's not okay. Not only is it not okay. We're gonna find you a $3 Right and then we're gonna take away your license. Let's time to stop and your shoes and your pop-up toaster Whatever you got we want it pops up doesn't it? Yeah, don't see there. He goes again. I can't help it Yeah, would you better help it? Okay? Just think about those two little kids you got okay forget about your wife. I know what you did to you But forget to think about those little kids all right stop us and you can't help it you better start helping it right now It's who died. I already told it there. There's a picture here if you can go to the CNN.com You you must see before you die. You must see this picture It's from sport or you can go directly to a sports illustrated.com the story is 10 William's son dead of leukemia age 35 You die enter as a picture John Henry Williams talked to his father 10 Williams on February 17, 2002 in Hernando Florida and Ted is in a wheelchair with it I mean even in the protocicinate publics. You'll never see vegetable like this. All right I'm on it. Are you looking at it? Yeah Did you got the picture? Yep, and and what's that thing on his lap? Forget about the thing on his lap. Look at that look at his post. Yeah. Look at that. Oh my From German So when it was first he died and I was some died Now the reason that there's an anybody would even care about this except for the fact that this son John Henry Williams was the Centerpiece of that controversy about against father's remains He's been battling leukemia for months and he simply had a bone marrow transpireeucid donation from Claudia his younger sister William said in October he've been diagnosed with acute myocamera words some kind of la la leukemia that month The UCLA Medical Center Ted Williams brother Danny Williams where it looked him he died at the age of 39 After his father died July 5, 2002 that's my mother's birthday by the way July 5 John Henry Williams had his father's buddy Take it when Arizona cryonics lab for freezing sitting off a battle with his half-sister who said her father wanted to be cremated Now maybe he was already frozen before they took that picture. We're looking at you think Wow Oh, everybody's got to take a look at that forget about downtown Julie Brown for right now You got to see Ted in that chair. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. Holy cow Anyway the youngest daughter dropped her objections in December 2003. The matter was settled and Whatever they got his frozen head somewhere is shrunken head In fact, you can probably buy it the flea mark from the rear view mirror sure. I did he say we were again back there. Oh You can write close to the age. Let's see Bill says I could barely get up to walk to the facts machine to send you this my size Are killing me the balance for life spot was the funniest damn 60 seconds already. I've heard it a long time I'm not I'm sure if it wasn't so pitiful to you would make you laugh I understand all you can do about it is cry and Bill says that is great radio I do like that. Well, the first he says that long live free speech ordering no free speech See now the whole country is getting like date County where free speech was limited a long time ago that is great radio a little late Larry But thanks And as well Bill says sorry too late for long live free speech. Thank you Bill Glad you got a good talk a lot of try being such a jerk such a schmuck So say chocolate headed goofball. Oh, there he goes again. See gonna get a big trouble with Greg have it By the way speaking of Greg read thanks very much Greg from my 20th anniversary of Miami the Friday before let's Amacation a week ago Friday Not a card not a note not an email not an up yours not a hate congratulations Nice school and the other than coming to the studio nothing Just totally ignored by Greg read that's the kind of guy that we work for just like Hank says you can't talk to this guy That's why I always winds up with the attorneys if there's any kind of disagreement any kind of openness Which is that's just the way business goes you know your dealing with an emotional cripple as name is Greg read And so everything always gets ugly and out of control. Okay, good good. The feeling is mutual. Okay Guy Well unhappy anniversary to you to Greg all over in your case. I guess well 1027 at 560 W to QM are you in a dead end job working for some real schmuck? Are you underpaid and overworked if you like a new high paying career, but you just don't have four years to waste on college Maybe the money to get you through it And you're still can do something smart pick up that instrument and call fast train toll free at 1 866 fast train By the way, if Todd Rack asked for an air check of this spot Josh the answer is no two air checks Because Todd's an idiot Fast drink heavy train in certified for a high-pain computer network professional career in as little as four short months It's true it'd be true you can be fully trained ready for a new career in as little as four short months Let's see April made June July July Like maybe by the time my mommy's birthday comes around again if it might fast train offers day in the weekend classes to fit around your schedule too Fast train offers job placement assistance financial aid providers who qualify and would six. I think it's seven now by the way See this is an old piece of copy They try to cover his ass with fast trains got seven convenient floor to locations out of the studio So don't delay pick up that phone and change your life for real right now call fast train toll free at 866 fast train or check out of the web fast train dot cop Don't delay column today one 866 fast train to be sure and tell them that Todd Dreck told you to call Yeah It's me fired up right here someone say that what word did you say? My Honey To You've done the right one, you stay new better, or else You've got to stand, you've got to stand The words I make, I'm on a train Every day I fail, but I stay at a quiet evening You're like a day saying, it's not free free You are a violation of the democratic prison Now you can do nothing but a best, and maybe some parts of the way And make your will, killing it away from the day of change You will live in a swing shade, not as we do The worst, the day you stay on a fashion market The worst, the day you make the worst, the day you stay on a fashion market So Eric says, can we end because you're lazy to push your go for an Eric Whatever you like, it's a little extra work for you, but you can handle it Okay, looking, bring up him calories up there It's better than plants for life What is the billboards, thanks to the lovely Miguel, look at that thing Now what is that local coverage? Well that's cute, it looks like somebody's attractive Some lovely female, that local coverage, like thought went into it Right, and there's a real sick look in picture of me Wow, no, come on, what a little glass is on, come on Even for me, that's pretty bad Listen, tend to do W2M, does it have my name on it? Or is it just like, suit, right on top? Sports ray, well the thing is so big, it's huge See you wish, it is, it's a gigantic billboard But there you go, see Greg's taking care of me big time Up your Greg, idiot And don't be mess with the hopper, okay, and he afternoon Hey, stop it, what is wrong with that place? Every time I go on vacation, we're a couple days I come back in a whole place, it's falling apart Oh, Hank got suspended because he bitched out screw-in When it, see, here's the deal Hank comes to work last Tuesday, pulls into our covered parking area Down there for the big shots like us And screw-in has got the door for Jaguar, evidently a jar Her door is a jar, quite frankly I think her Fracto is a jar too Anyway, oh, I got a, oh, I had such a great line Can't do it though, nope, just let it go It had something to do with something that you buy in jars And the supermarket, but anyway, Jenny, just letting it know When you shut up, here we go So Hank's been a pull-in and the park is, uh, Joom will be a lot of resdriving And he's got the door open to work car, she's been a pet that puppy And I'll do it in her interview team, up, not just nasty bitch And so Hank, uh, Hank, give her a little hunk, little hunky And a lot of the pull-in there, so I guess she finally closed due to her It says Goldberg says she gave me an angry look, this is quite a gym's sarny This is the QAman, the sports talk is boring Goldberg cursed at her, I'm ready to go back to work, I don't know what's going on Goldberg said he was in the world's, uh, over the weekend And a horse racing assignment for ESPN Greg Reed hasn't talked to me, hasn't asked me what happened I don't know if I've been suspended, I know if I'll be back on Monday So he was suspended, he was asked to go home, he was told to go home on Tuesday Right, is that correct? Okay, you know what I mean? Evidently, see, I don't, I don't, I don't think I really buzzed me Is the way he whimps out so easy, did this the last time to when they lied And said he was suspended before we came on the station, remember that? Yeah, he was suspended in 97 because allegedly criticizing Wayne high-pinger They had nothing to do with it He was suspended back then because of the fact that he bitched out Grace closed personal buddies to water Nazi and screw in again There's always scrambling in the middle of things, huh? Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha Don't say it don't say it don't say it don't do it Bro, what's the guilt of fishing? Anyway, so, uh, and of course Greg doesn't talk to him and the handcuffs to call Sandy Borh has attorney and said he's all been out of shape and rightfully so Don't mess with the hopper, okay? He's one of the center pieces of our radio station. You've already bushered enough off Greg in the last couple years. You've bushered and we can't recover Well, that last trend man, you can't complain about that morning number because we don't have one It's just it's pathetic Anyway, here's the facts, but if facts are coming in one of what just like the calls You'll see watch WQAM hello. Hi, oh yeah. Okay. Happy things after today, by the way. Is that today? Yeah, next week. Okay. 17. You played a bit of wilder going. I wanted to play it again. I wanted kids of but she won't let me. Uh, kids, you're right. I'll be thinking about that. Um, no, we can play that. Yeah, if you can find us at a pretty good. Okay. Thank you. Okay. Get your okay. According to go, he's the testing us. I think. Why do we want to play that right now? Let's think about it. Okay. Okay. Okay. Let's get the beastly committee over there in Fort Myers-Napes working on it. What is that? Well, he hasn't started saying anything yet. Can play the song. The old sexy. Okay. Let's go for it. Oh, when a very lovely lady said next to my own. Oh, my god. Yeah. What she got is to eat. She has to buy what hold her sight. Ah. I'm. I was more than happy too. So now there's more I'd like to do. Right, though. I'll want to kiss her, but she won't let me. Let's double on time. Yeah, that is. It sucks, act. But what's wrong with kissing her butt? I want to whisper her sweet nup in the winter. I'll not let you know. No, no. No, sorry. Give me a little. Hey, a little taste there. So to speak, but that's it. That's as far as you go to old man. Let me hear his a fact. You say you've picked on George a lot. I finally understand why he single handedly ruined my entire weekend just by playing a song. I'm Friday in the middle of the one or two hour. He sets off this Christian song about abortion. What the hell? Now that's terrible. I brought down my entire mood. Maybe I whole weekend read a pressing. Could you play it again? What song is that? Somebody sent me a CD for a strange weird audio that I don't know. I can't imagine was ever played on the radio anywhere. But I played it. It sounds like this. And it goes on forever and it's depressed and brutal. It's a baby talking about how mommy ripped him up. Ooh. How grotesque. Yeah. Tastesless. But that's what they want to hear. Those by series. They're not playing no right wing crap on our monof. If you want to panor them, go right ahead. If you want to try to pass by them. I say, screw on. Screw on your right wingers. You crazy people. That's you. The sound of things to come. Yeah. Well, not a mic country. Okay. Maybe in your country, Mr. I'm just a visitor once in a while. Phil and mudgate is pissed off and discussed. It says I'm in total agreement. There's no such thing as free speech. People in this country behave like zombies in a George Romero film. They only respond to base animal instincts of food, McDonald's and sex. What is nothing wrong with sex? I did the McDonald's twice in Amsterdam. Yeah. They got a fool there. They're man. Yeah. They dip it in mayonnaise. There is very little and usually no thought of reasoning involved. I heard the pressing statement from John Kerry on the steering situation when Kerry. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Right. He didn't stick up for how we're saying, well, you know, he's got a right to do his thing. But if the channel doesn't want to let him on here, then they don't have to. Well, why did he just a cop? I just had a whim. Freedom's dead. It said, let's bury our head. This must replace land of the free home of the brave is our cut fees model. We're going to have much less or somebody redo that. Freedom's dead, but I have. Freedom's dead. Yes. Emailed in this morning about that. Good. I don't know. He'll hire the good American that he is. He'll come through for us. We are close personal friend. We don't have that many left. No, mole. Because unless you're a right winger, they're going to kick your ass out the door. But make no mistake about it. Freedom's dead. Freedom's dead. Freedom's dead. Freedom's dead. Freedom's dead. Freedom's dead. And so on Friday, Howard Stearn is landing and raving and rightfully so, although I will say this with all do we expect a Howard. This issue isn't about the Howard Stearn show. Oh, come on. He's just, you know, the most notable celebrity in the middle of it, but it's about freedom. It's about freedom of speech. It's about fascism. It's about people just arbitrarily your government sitting around saying, what you can't do this and you can't say that based on what? Well, we just decided. And if you do it, we'll find a trillion dollars. What a like it. In fact, that's two trillion right there. And this one is five trillion. You're already like ten. It's not even eleven o'clock yet. And the beacuse already eleven trillion dollars in a hole. And anxious Howard Stearn said Friday, the FCC is on a verge of pulling the plug on his radio career and predict it would issue a blitz of new indecency finds and dethroning him as the king of all media. And of course, the finds are coming on this week. Uh, it doesn't have. We don't know who or what. We got a pretty good idea though. Howard said, my days are over. I become too much of a symbol of a country out of control. They were just right. That's why I'm saying my goodbye is now. I'm about to be served up on my head on a platter because all I want to do is make people laugh. And that, see, that's the most important thing about one. Freedom of speech is, well, no, that's the second most important thing. Freedom of speech is the most important, but after that comedy, people laugh because the stuff is funny. Not because it's titillating, not because it's a pandering, because it's funny. But you can't be funny no more on American unless you have everything has to be boring funny. Hot hot, slap the knee. We're just, we just set the clock back 50 freaking years boys and girls. Because we have to pretend we're talking to a bunch of little children. Even though right now in the middle of the day time, little children all in school. But don't confuse the FCC with that. Don't convince them to confuse Michael cops or Michael Paul with that. But so not see bastards is what you people are. You're not fooling me. And I'll guarantee you right now, one thing on this show is that you're not going to hear, you're not going to smell a fart that's over the line. How do you like that? Right? You've fash is to the FCC. All of our hearts are going to be so medicinal, they're going to smell like roses. They're going to smell like lilac through heppa and charcoal. In fact, they're going to smell like Joe roses. How do you like that? Joe roses. Warts. 1043 at 560WQ ask y'all that he's had this set up in air few times he knows. It's the last mortgage you'll ever need. It's the only one mortgage from financial group. The benefits are incredible. You pay zero closing costs zero application fee. Zero credit bureau fee and zero discounted points. It's yourself the unbelievably new low interest rate of just 1.25%. If you have a hundred thousand dollar loan your payments are a mirror 334 a month. If you have a 200 thousand dollar loan your pay just 60 at a month. And no forget once you'll be financial get a new home mortgage from financial group. You'll never ever pay closing cost again. So call them today at their new number and check this out. Call 1-866-395-Lend. Get the low rate mortgage you deserve that moved you. Next property would know for their cost of expense. You pay zero underwriting fees. Zero dot fees. Zero closing cost. Even when you move to another property like I just saved. Get the new low rate financing of just 1.25% with the only one mortgage from financial group and never ever pay those closing costs again. Call 1-866-395-Lend for the financial group for all the sales No obligation. 1-866-395-Lend. The Rnequal Housing Lender restrictions apply rates are subject to change monthly 4.21-APR. My life and low. This is for 3056. You wait for 2AM. From the makers of the passion of the Christ comes. Passion of the Christ. On ice. All the violence of the movie you love. But with a triple axle crucifixion. See columns of graceful Roman soldiers whipping and weaving around the magnificent Messiah. New York Times reports these skaters really nailed this one. And USA Today says jumping Jesus Christ on ice is cold blooded fun. Ring the kids to witness and save your each moment they cross. The grace, the glory and the suffering of Christ on ice. He's members makes great. It's not just Disney's death or resurrection. Oh, man. 1048-560-WDQM. It's a sad sad Monday March number 8 boys and girls. The eyes of marches upon us a little bit earlier this year. When you say early. Here's a fact that says I was not land-aligned. We heard Scott for well on the radio. He follows Bob and Tom and I thought this must be a decent station to lay an ounce. They smithed me, so he was on a two o'clock. Anyway, for real is just a shadow of his former self as what it says here. Just a shadow. With all the things going on, he's doing this for our work. What kind of a dog he should buy and mention every two minutes he really needed to check out. How come he didn't get the message when I tried to tell him that when he was here? Huh? Good question. He could still be on the air he'd do an 8 to 10 with all the apologies to a geolotion as lovely a lilac smell and farts. And all that dolphin talk. He can actually be still on the air. If he would have just listened to me, what is it? And so now he's resigned. And of course, since that time, when did he get candid November? Something like that. This is March. He was in Chicago doing a man-cow sidekick thing. Now he's in Atlanta. So that's like three jobs in November. He said like four or five months. So maybe finally for his sake. Finally he gets the message. So on a one head it's very sad that he has to be doing a, you know, on the Andy Pambi show on the other hand. At least maybe there's good news he finally awized up. He needs to check. Take the money to the bank, baby. That's what I told him. But he listen to me? No, not to know. No. What do I know? So in America there was a piece on the BBC of Silvio Burlusconi who's the Crocodile Prime Minister of Italy. One of the most crocode people on the face of the earth. Big. Big. He reminds me a little bit of a cross between George Steinbeiner and Donald Trump with a little bit gristered restaurant in. Silvio Burlusconi. Who owns the immune TV stations? Why won't they write, do they write, try? Whatever it allows in Italy. Italy. He owns all the TV stations that anybody watches. And so he decided just arbitrarily like your FCC here. He decided that satire was going to be banned from a Titan TV. Satire. One of the oldest forms of humor in the end of history of the human race. Satire. Can't do that no more. Why because they were making fun of him? So just one day in between his feet and so of pasta whatever it was eaten. He just decided arbitrarily. Yeah no more in a satire. That's it. That's the end. No. Fini, nobody knows. So be a bralasco in my ass. And I kept thinking about what's going on in America when I saw that piece in the same damn stuff is going on right here. And the public is like that. Just like that. And of course, I see number two on a poll so far because the media is ignoring this thing about what the government's doing to freedom of speech and freedom of your choices and entertainment and humor and whatever else. Now Tom Jicker wrote that great column. Remember the one I read on the year? Yes. The day before when on vacation and we go Friday and he wrote a couple more columns to and I was going Tom, but I'm you know, in my internet cafes in Berlin, Amsterdam, every damn scouring scouring. Not just the sunset on the hero, but every news paper I can think of to try to find, you know, some more information what the else going on here. What's going on with Howard sperm? What's going on with all of this stuff? What's going on with us? And Glenn Garbin from the Harold Wright kind of, you know, as super silliest columnary in the Harold, and I hear the TV guy who once in a while turns on a radio I guess. Proats me he says the arraggies who's a frequent critic of Stern. First of all, my frequent critic how often in the last 10 years that we talked about Howard Stern on this show. The average of maybe two, three times a year. And you were from a hell of a lot more than I do. All I said is that and in fact, I said the same thing that most of his groupies have said if you look at all the web chatter that's going on now about this stuff. And that he used to be a hell of a lot of funnier. He is show you to be great. And now, not so great. And of course, in South Florida now, yeah, on listenable because it ain't on. Now, where's the follow up Tom Jicker? Where's the follow up Glenn Garbin? Where's the follow up to the fact that their channel is going to put that show back on her stations? Where's the follow up to the relationship between Clirchandland Boscholo and Jick had that one of his columns? But there's not nearly enough to me just to worry about about the Haiti. They're worried about. They're worried about the game marriages. People are paying their pants about as if that's going to change something one way or the other. They're worried about a bunch of puff pieces about Kaka about crap while you're free of the freedom of speech has just been decimated. Did you vote for Michael Powell? I think you pardon? Did you vote for Michael, we vote for any of these people beyond the SEC? No, we did not. No, there are appointees. Nobody voted for any of these people. These these appointed lunatics who sit around our material in the side of well. You can't do this and you can't say that. And I remember, as clearly as it was yesterday, that awful FCC song was the out out of the byproduct of it. 1986 was the 87. What ever it held was? 86. And that's where they came down with his growth test ruling about sexual activity or excretor sexual what is it again? I have to pay for that. That's not it. Get it right, Mr. I don't want to get it wrong. Let's see. Yeah, must constitute a panily offensive description or the picture of a sex act organ or excretory function. That's what they came out with 18 years ago. I remember having a fit about that and I started a thing called so far. Save our first amendment rights. You want to know why? Because I'm a naive schmuck. I'm a moron. A moron. Absolutely. A fool. I had people sitting in money and we raised thousands of dollars and we put ads in a broadcast publications in Billboard magazine and radio and records in in New York Times. Mostly appealing to people in a broadcast business. If you if you got a search party, if you went all around the world like Robin's Crusoe and you try to find a more spymeless group of people and people in broadcasting, you couldn't find them. How many responses did we get from the people in the broadcast industry to appeal to them to fight back against this arbitrary censorship that they were imposing? None. Zero. Zero. There was nobody in a broadcast. All they were interested in doing is like cow-telling and, uh, oh please, please, please don't come after us. And so you're seeing the same horse crap going on right now. Save our first amendment rights. My ass. And so all of everybody's doing now is just scrambled. Oh, please don't find us and please don't take away our license and please don't keep making these restrictions up as we go along. Let me say it again. How can it possibly be? You know, I'm thinking a jackpar who just died. And what he died, everybody's talking about that. WC incident when he walked out from NBC because he said, man, some joke using the letters. WC, which stood for water closet, which back those days in the 50s. I mean, that was toilet. Yeah, you were going to say water closet. And we finally not only did we get beyond that, but we finally got to the borrower we had Mr. Whipple on her squeezing the shaman. And we have people talking about the diarrhea and caused the patient and things that are actually part of human life. I just thought, quote, but cleaning in a hurry, I'm using way most of the time. All there's not anything to me using about diarrhea. But at any rate. At least not to the person who's got it. No. We finally started making a little bit progress. Like we were going to start growing up boys and girls. Like we would try and instead of talking like a bunch of goody two shoes. Being trim and proper because that's not the way real people talk. That's not the kind of humor that most real people laugh at. And here we are 2004. And all of a sudden out of nowhere based on the excuse that Janet Jackson's Tini was on TV on a Super Bowl based on that. The whole United States government has gone off the deep end out of pan to because it's an election year. And nobody, I guess, except the rest of the fine gold, nobody wants to see as standing up for smart and filth and perversion and disgusting grotesque crap. Just like all that beautiful violence in that Mel Gibson movie, you know, that was that was beautiful. See, violence is great. It's a beautiful thing. The more the better, especially if it's towards Jesus. But words, man, that's what we're worried about. The word police are about to get all of us. And like I said, you people in the media, you're much of lunatics, you're much of crazy people all you doing a sucking up. People at all the networks to fire com people. This is going to be this will be the week finally. I think sternal finally be off all of stations this week. He believes it. And when those final fines come down from the FCC, that'll be the, that'll be the dagger through the heart. What does it take? What words does it take to make you people understand that you can't listen to what you want to listen to to what you enjoy. You know, our, our, our Howard that moron, he gets on her and says a couple of weeks ago. Well, by month, everybody will forget about this. See what you don't understand about radio, Mr. Moe is this. That's a part of people's lives. People are creatures of habit. If they enjoyed this show at 10 o'clock in the morning, they turn it on. If they enjoyed Howard's during show, it's six o'clock or went over the get up in the morning. They turned it on. It gives him a chuckle. It gives him something to go through the day. It's a part of their lives. You idiot. You moron. Get it? Absolutely. Good. And they, and basically, your government says, but you can't enjoy that because we decided it's dirty. It's both it's discussing. Based on what? Oh, I don't know. We just made it up. Right. It didn't come for the Bible. And we're going to make denture. You can do it again because if you do, we're going to find you so much that nobody in their right mind is going to let you do it. So you're all going to get fired. Well, surprise, because we got that. But I, I, I, I, I, I, I need the magical belief. Yes, I need the money. For me, my tertiary and certain other people I know I wouldn't probably need the money. I can tell up here is Greg. Bye. Bye. Bye. But I can't just like for Elsa's, you need to check. I, I came to that realization a long time ago. So when they say to me, jump, I say, okay, how high? Not too high because I'm a, you know, a fat old pig. But, you know, intro to. Hey, if you're thinking, oh, I'm what now, what's this broads name again? It's doing this spot, which we're Armstrong Toyon. What's your name? Berkeley. Is she a living person? Does she exist? Sure. I've said it. Hey, Berkeley, get one that's sweetheart. If you're thinking to buy a new car truck, then you really want to save a lot of cash. Here's the way to do it. Visit Armstrong's Toyon of Homster. You'll find a mind US one. Just 20 minutes easy as south of the 36 Armstrong's Toyota Homsters worth the drive a matter where you live to save a ton of cash on those new Toyos. Check out these great prices and O4 Corolla loaded, including here that you own for just 12, 990. And O4 can be with aerodomatic and lots more to 16, 990. Need a truck? How about this? And O4 Toyota, Tundra, the safest truck in the country from just 14, 990. And when you buy a new vehicle, Armstrong's Toyota Homster. You get a free sun pass. This was the first year in all of South Florida off your free tires and batteries for life. General manager David Witz and a sample do whatever takes to put you in a great new Toyota today. So experience the difference at Armstrong's Toyota Homster locally owned an operating community 100% customer satisfaction. Their service department is open weeknight slate till late to make sure your service work is done and done right. Easy to get there. There on US one to 293rd Street in Homster, just 20 minutes south of the 36. So if you're fed up with mega dealers who over promised an under deliver, here's what to do. Call David Witz, the GM at Armstrong's Toyota Homster at 305, 242-3247. Armstrong's Toyota Homster, do have a little and save a lot on that great new Toyota. My life and look all this is for 256, the way to do AAM. William the banana republic baby, only in Miami. If anybody has a opinion, disenting from our way, we'll place your name into the sea star and send them the others day. Don't even bother to question you just follow on the day. Everybody's planning Anaconda. In the小心 laundry, ours just repensating all the gas. This gas is for mechean. And all you might know The push-botherlandation I just wish hey Check out a hitos And sit and zip our roast And we've been eating everything we can And the steak run you Bloodward full in land Fill up your husband we abine tasty bush But city we've been changing Correct them. All the loud words in blue seemed the fact that the average kid would win. Everybody turned in five kids. But just you were safe. 11.04.5.60. Nobody came speaking. I asked for us by the way. Guess what? Hi, I'm Paulie. That's his account? Yeah. So you own a policy to whatever her name is that you kept telling me. I just realized when she came in and told me that it was him. Oh, those are more fat boy. Okay, put down a fork in a spoon, you idiot, and do some work. Get some copy, okay? You smuck you in basal you. You incompetent. I'm telling you, whatever Hank said to screw in, it was a compliment. Okay. It was an understatement. The kind of lunacy that you run back there in that sales department. I wouldn't wish you to put a Heinrich Kimber and John Askcroft. How do you like that, bitch? Here's the fact that says, just relax. This is a reaction to the late 60s and 70s freedom demands. Oh, please. Let's see, 2004 minus 1974 is... Stop third man! Yeah. It says after about three assassinations and 30 years of McCarthyism will be fine. Just wait around till 234, life is nothing if it isn't cyclical. Be cool, man, is what it says here. All right, let's be cool, okay? Yeah. How about your porn? That's what I do. What did you just say? Chill. Oh, God. Here's the fact that says I was trying to explain to my 12 year old son. What was happening on the radio with the FCC during commercials. While we watched South Park for probably the last time. And he said, so now everything has to be built cause be funny. And I said, you are... Absolutely correct. It says I will listen to the end. I don't know what it says or in a bottom. It's a... can't read it. It got cut off. Here listen to the bitter end. We'll good luck to us. That's all I can say. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. 5, 5, 60, on a AT&T and Verizon Wireless Law. Look at those phones, manners, smoke, aren't they smoking? No, no. They're not. See, they've looking for an excuse to take this very cabblerly, very casually. You're crazy people, okay? Those of you think that this isn't shocking and grotesque. And I'm acceptable, but you're nuts. You're insane. The idea that a government just sits around on one day decides, oh, well, this is what you can say. But based on what? Where is the legal foundation for saying that? Oh, well, the reason they just made it up. We decide with word police. Huh. 391 votes. Why isn't the public up at arms about the government's efforts? The stockl-free speech? Because they're too stupid to understand at 157. Because the media is mostly ignoring it. 75. Because freedom of speech is just a saying in America, 74. Because they don't give it to them at 43. Because they don't have any leadership, 21. And because they're lazy, 21. WQA, hello. Not there. QAM hello. The ignoring is, I am going to... Yes, sir. Yeah, I'm calling from my student to be state-ish, you'd call, am I? I'm assumed to be state-ish, you'd self-own. All right. And I can't agree more with you. I mean, it's just insane. The one question I have for you is, is there actually a place where the average Wester could just go and what the actual rules are? Is there a printed list of these things that can't be said? Is it strictly, again, quote unquote, 30 words? Or is it again, thoughts? Like, for example, that Jesus did to you play a little while ago, some, you know, right, we can Christians, right, we can... Whatever, whatever the government decides it's going to be. So it's just, it's just, make it up as we go along kind of stuff. Right, that's correct. Yeah, okay, that's, that's great. All right, now I'm calling you. Thanks a lot. See you at the border, pal. Yeah, definitely. Okay, thanks, Alex. You're a bullies. You as senators said, this article Wednesday, March 3rd, okay. So it's, so last Wednesday. Here's a real Nazi. You as senators, Sam Brownback of Kansas yesterday said, letter to Vicom present CEO Mel Carmesan, requesting details of the company's policy on the broadcasting of a decent material. I don't know if I read this whole thing. It's on Sam Brownback's own website. Brownback expressed particular concern with a broadcast produced and syndicated by infinity, a subsidy or a Vicom that occurred Tuesday, February 24th, that was the Howard Stern Show. Do one with the periscillent thing in a Rick Solomon deal? And a call? In later infinities reported new in decency policy and the supposed use of a substantial time delay, I don't understand how such a broadcast could be aired using an infinity broadcast license. Please explain how infinities policy failed to prevent indecimaterials from a broadcast over the public airwaves, Brownback wrote. Brownback introduced S2056 and a bill 2056, the broadcast decency enforcement act of 2004, with senators Allen and Graham. The legislation now has 16 co-sponsors in the Senate and support for legislation continues to grow. Companion legislation has been introduced in the House of Representatives by Congressman Upton, Mark E. Towson, Dingo, and 135 other co-sponsors. In response to growing co-res and indecency on the public airwaves, S2056 will substantially increase penalties for indecency and the public airwaves. Brownback is a member of the Senate Commerce, Science and Transportation Committee and Communications and Committee and a real right wing religious nutpacious. Here's a call. Do I have time yet to do? By Richard Blow, can I say that? No. By Richard. The former executive editor of George Manning, and the president of the Senate, and the president of the Senate, and the president of the Senate, by Richard. The former executive editor of George magazine, author of American Senate Portrait of John of Kennedy Jr. writing a book about Harvard University. About time to this? Yes. Yes. Richard Blow says, let's admit one thing. Howard Stern is not an easy man to defend. His radio show is Cras, offensive, immature, and gross. He makes fun of black people, white people, Asians, pretty much everyone. He even mocks himself for being Jewish and having a small penis. I have an alike stern, but if I had kids I wouldn't want them to listen to him. Because stern is low brow, people who care about freedom of speech have been defending him and his recent trial with clear channel, that's a short-sighted mistake. Because when the largest owner of radio stations in the country accompanied at Sponsored Pro-Wall rallies, and whose employees advocated the burning of dixie chick CDs after the van criticized President Bush, suspends a radio show indefinitely Americans ought to get angry, no matter what they think about Howard Stern. Here's what happened. On February 24, Stern had Rick Solomon's a guest on a show, Solomon is the charming young man who had sex with Peracillin, and now marketing a video tape of their special time together. Stern and Solomon talked about sex for while, and Stern took phone calls from listeners. One color as Solomon, favorite had sex with a black woman, the color who obviously planned to be shocking, used the inward and as to black women's felt like watermelons. That did it. Within 24 hours, clear channeled suspended Stern from these six clear-stand law channel stations of Curritum. Now the remarking question was obviously hateful and acidine, but as he justify Yankeens Stern, I'm not so sure, Stern didn't say it and certainly didn't endorse it, he hung up on a call and revoked him on the air. But we're living in a time when the witch-the exposure of pop singers breast prompts congressional hearings and government investigations, as Bush press secretary Ari Fleischer warned a few months ago, Americans need to watch what they say. Stern, along standing FCC critic, was recently voiced a disdain for the president, obviously wasn't careful enough. First Janet Jackson, a black woman, has become the object of the right's cultural demonization, not just in Tinkerbell, they pretty whiteboy. Now it's Howard Stern and Jew, who will be next. There's the case to be made that Howard Stern is far more progressive and subversive than you'd think if you'd only heard about a body show instead of then having listened to it. If you disagree, I'd be happy to debate you over Stern's politics. But one thing I guarantee you, we won't be having that debate on any radio station owned by Clear Channel and no matter how much you dislike Howard Stern, you ought to dislike that even more, writes Richard Blow in George magazine. It's not about Howard Stern. It's about freedom of speech. It's about a fascist government run insane run by right wing lunatic religionists. That's what it's about. Yeah. And a guy that wanted to know what the rules are. I got it just called. We don't know. Because they're still busy making them up as they go along. They're still waiting for us to cross that line. Oh, gotcha. 11.13 at 5.60 WQM. Dalamat Prison was nothing more important than the safety of your family. Unfortunately, thousands of Americans die of a year in home fires involving necklaces. A common myth is that these are careless cigarette smokers. Statistics reveal that the vast majority of these fires are started by children playing with matches. Surt and now offers a new line of fire retardant mattress is called fire blocker to dramatically slow the spread of fires and give families critical time to escape. They're also more comfortable, durable and supportive than ever. See what sacrifice comfort for safety. According to new regulations, all of the mattresses will be fire retardant in the year until then, Surt is the only major brand exceeding this fire safety standard today. Dalamat Prison is the only retailer can deliver a new Surt fire blocker to you today too. So, call 1-800 mattress right now for the same day delivery. Dalamat Prison got Surt a fire blocker in the traditional double-sided design so you get two bets for the price of 1 with double the protection. Dalamat Prison takes your families safely and probably among the nation's first retailers to offer this new line of fire blocker mattresses. So if you'd like to check this out make that easy call like I always do, call 1-800 mattress. 1-800-MATT-RES today and sleep safely tonight like those of us at Q&B doing. 5 and a local禮節 is 5-611 Surrender, do yours. 9-611 END In his Express by the host guest or callers, are not necessarily those of the host guest or callers. Rush, you can hear me. I have a little for you Catch a thick your hearing I now wish you the port to Oh, Russian... Russian... One, one... One... One... One... One... One... I'd do what I'm doing Why will you do? We thought of you two young To that for you You hate to preach But to not you Over-pages, Johnny I might have proved But I'm not sorry I'll get fresh One one one And then one one I hear the same company that's got this pill pop and right wing hypocrite on here every day. That's okay. And God only knows how many shows he did stone off his ass, the rush monster. That's okay for Chief Channel because he's a single company too. He's as far to the right as you can get without going off the cliff. Because somebody tends to be a little bit too controversial, maybe a little bit too spicy, a little bit too funny. Then they need to be off the air immediately, not sooner. Because we have to protect those Chief Channel. Here's Katrina Vanethovel, her column today in the nation. Clear Channel versus the first amendment. Actually, this column is a couple of days ago. That's okay. You didn't read this, did you? Nope. But I think that's right today. In fact, at the end, she's got a link that you can click. How you can contact your elected representatives in the port of Senate Bill 2021 introduced by Senator Russ Feingold of Wisconsin. It's called the Competition in Radio and Concert Industries Act that will prevent clear channel from leveraging cross ownership in an anti-competitive manner. And once again, make the radio dial safe for speeches. What it says, but we'll get to that at the end of the article. Senator Russ Feingold said we must preserve radio as a medium for democracy on January 30, 2003, before the Senate Commerce Committee hearing on media concentration ownership in radio. When clear channel the anti-competitive and current steering, providing its new zero tolerance of sanity policy, the network cited as its reason a racial epithet made by one of Stern's listeners, a third-channel's explanation is Hadoch. I agree with the many people to think that Stern is offensive to minorities in women. He's degraded the quality of radio by trafficking and crude sexual references. And on seemingly racial remarks for as long as he's been in broadcasting, but the issue here isn't in this and see the paraphrase James Carville, it's the first amendment stupid. When Bill Clinton signed the 1996 Telecommunications Act, critics predicted that the new round of consolidation with sweep America's radio industry, their channel on Q, grew from 40 stations in 1990s to 1225 stations in 2004, currently clear channel and viacom control approximately 42% of America's radio audience. After a channel is stifled diversity, opposed low power FM, killed off localism in news music and other forms of entertainment and occupied the front lines of the conservative culture wars. Clear channel's decision to fire Stern signals the latest target in its sights, the Bill of Rights. Its decision is not based on any pie-suffering qualms about indecency on its stations, but on its desire to carry favor with Bush and his Republican congressional allies. The implications are alarming. If clear channel can yank the commercially successful Howard Stern then it has the power to silence any DJ or radio kingpin, it refuses to play the network's chosen music and here to its appointed standards, or mouth clear channel's political line. Yeah, but wait a second. It's decision to pull the plug-on Stern coincides now with a sudden increase in Stern's offensive behavior, but with a rise in Stern's anti-bush rhetoric. According to Jeff Jarvis of the blog Buzz Machine, Stern has become an anybody but bush voter based in part on his concerns about the threat of censorship from the SEC. Stern also recently endorsed Alfred Kins book on a year. Is it a coincidence that Stern came out against Bush early before its suspension, or that clear channel president John Hogan was due to a peer-before-a-hours subcommittee investigating indesancy over their waves on the heels of Janet Jackson's Wardrobe malfunction? What is not under the spirit of the Center for Public Integrity is that clear channel vice chairman Thomas Hicks, and Hicks law firm are given Bush more than $225,000, and clear channels tax executives in their brothers are given three quarters of their political donations to the Republican Party. So they couldn't have been two-appityers during his recent on-air rant about the president get him out of office, some tell him he's in dangerous territory with a religious agenda, and you've got to vote him out anyone but bush during railed. Third channel's founder, Laurie Mays, who also has closed ties to Bush, was put on the governing board of the University of Texas Instrument Management Committee by Bush when Bush was still Governor of Texas Hicks won an appointment two by the way. When these insider dealings were exposed by the Houston Chronicle in 1999, Micah Sifrey wrote in his blog about Stern and Clear Channel, Hicks resigned from the company's board by the need made Bush a rich man when he bought the Texas Rangers from him, and his partners in 1998 were $250 million, three times their investment in the team. Senator Russ Spangled of Wisconsin is sponsoring a bill, the competition in radio and concert industry's act by the Prevent Clear Channel from leveraging cross ownership in an anti-competitive manner and once again make the radio dial safer speech. Now more than ever this bill needs to pass because Clear Channel with a big assist in the GOP is trampling on the first amendment. Click here for information how you can contact your elected representatives in support of S-221, and there's a link when and out click it out. Give it a click. It's on our website, editor's cut, Clear Channel versus the first amendment between the defendant who will have the nation. Are they going to do it? No, probably not. Error's right, they're lazy. I take a little bit of effort on their part. That's our poll question today. Why is the public up at arms about the government's efforts to stifle a free speech? They're killing it. They're destroying it. They're taking it away. And you're going like that. Well then we had the people who said, remember the one poll I took before vacation in the credits said, well I didn't like Howard Stern anyway. Remember about 10% said that. That's not the issue. If you don't like them, don't listen to them. 461 votes because they're too stupid to understand in 182 stupid votes. Absolutely. Because the media is mostly ignoring at 90. Yeah, where's the beef? Where's the follow-up? Where's the rest? Where's the update? Because freedom of speech is just a saying in America 86. Because they don't give a Schmidt 52 because they're lazy 35 because they don't have any leadership only 26. So you see the leadership thing is blame not somebody else. But the public doesn't care. They're just too freaking involved with the crap. 560, 050, 5060. Now we got mad dog at two. We got penciled in the hump or end by the way that if actually just some of you about Hank, if anybody thinks something are we that kind of crap, that kind of swirl? Yeah, just for your own. Yeah, in the trash can immediately. I like Hank a lot. And if you don't like his show, listen to him, that's all very simple. Yeah, Hank can be temperamental like a lot of his kin. But in the meantime, he happens to have been right. Skwann went because he disgrace in my opinion, for performance. And I don't care what the billing is. I mean, that's all they care about is the bottom line. But her performance is salesman address and her whole attitude is so obnoxious and disgusting that it's incomprehensible to me how she could possibly still be there. She over, she supervises and overruns and overrides a group of lunatics, the likes of which his Sullivan seat and believe you me, I've encountered many, many sales holes in his business over many, many years including, and this market. But the kind of crap that goes for sales working for servicing accounts, it reminds me that day, remember that day when the hurricane was threatening South Florida? Oh, yeah. And it already became pretty obvious that it was going to pass by. Dayton Broward wasn't going to be a threat to us. He was going to hit in Palm Beach County if anywhere at all in South Florida. Here's our sales manager, saying to our salespeople, oh, don't call the accounts. They might want to cancel today, if you call them. They might not want to run any spots because everybody was closed that day. You want to do that. And that's the same when it comes to copy, the servicing are people. You don't do it, screw in because all you care about is just giving money like that. Big sign, we have a better losses. Give us the F and money and that's the end of the line. We're supposed to be in the Elfife City. You, AM. But, like so. It's great to be camping Raymond and such a beautiful night. I love, man. It's a step when it stops. You're a constipated here. Try to fill us chocolate cream, too. Hi, my name's Phillip. If you're got a hurting eye, oh, hmm. She's great fun like many overnight classes. It's just chocolate cream, too. Those stem you and three. They saw natural. They work more naturally with your body for comfortable cramp-free. Really? They're not a place. Feeling better this morning. Whoa. Phillip's comfortable cramp-free. Good. Alright. It's 11.35 or 60WQ. I'm so we got any word on the schedule. I was interrupted myself there on the schedule. No. What were we going to fight out? Is it going to be pot lock, surprise? Mad Dogger, too. We got, from 4 to 7, and it's Julus this afternoon. It's going to be, then, at 7 o'clock, it's here at Kuhun Hotlock. It's a big 8 to 10 tonight. It's not a bad god, but it's just horrendous on here. Any K10 and Julus Markov and I are 2 to 5 in the morning. And then of course it's absolutely bad again. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60W. I'm starting to sound a little bit bitter today, you know? I don't like that. Well, stop it. In fact, even before the show, remember how bitter I was when Duff and Clarence came in there and right foot and deservedly so. Spit it out. Especially when you started to facts me some of that stuff that passed for a copy, I've seen better looking stuff on the news toilet paper than that. Well, this ought to cheer you up. Yeah, I've just got an email back from Mitch Lewis. Yes, it's in production. Nice going, Mitch, you're the vice-baby. Oh! Welcome. Where the hell is that? What? No, no, no, no, no, no. I'm just doing my own thing here. Freedom's there. Freedom's there with very eyes. Freedom's there with very eyes. Oh! This is the biggest one I've ever seen. Oh, you get it. So I'm actually going to put it in the bottom of the pool. I told you a couple of weeks ago I could smell a coming man from a million miles away. And it was either that or Joe Rose. W to Q and hello. Hey, yes, sir. Is this Neil? Sounds like me, yes. I don't know. Pretty good. Where to start? Did you have to catch the full page ad? There was a couple of days after W came out with the gay rights edit. No. There's a full page ad mostly signed by the religion he stores talking about, what a great thing that I do was interesting. But I'm flabbergasted as to the silence of the print media on this. This is their territory. So they should be jumping up and down, screaming, and waiting for the writer. That's right. Nothing. I mean, you know, you have to go to the websites that I go to the nation and common dreams that are working some of those. But how many people in the country actually read those? I've got to get them and read that stuff. Yeah, it's that, man. And then, God, for your website, because that's our only touch with the, and we'll learn the ACLU office. Vita, how long have you been? Anyway, I'll show you at the border now. Okay, I'll be there. I'll be weapon to my flag. You're going to help me wave in it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6. By the way, Panthers here in Toronto tomorrow night, any interest? No. Panthers who are not going to make the playoffs in the, uh, beliefs who are ham. I don't want to go in any hockey stuff, okay? By the way, remember, I was mean apology for killing my anniversary show with a timinetsahaki talk with that car. That was brutal. That was absolutely brutal. Only he could definitely talk about a showstopper. Huh? No comment. Why not? I thought you better start sucking up or you won't buy that three lunch at the pizza law. I don't know. He did find the cover. Why, he said he wouldn't get you that three lunch, but he'll have to be at the pizza law. And they went Jeff is working. Whatever that meant. And they knows we're coming. Right. I guess, don't. I know. Hey. It's my 1002 votes. Why isn't the public up at arms, Why aren't they pissed off and fired up? What does it take course? Like I told you before this show is soft for not exactly the place to start see? By the way, congratulations to the goddess. Grand Udon National onset, uh, lettering or whatever to let liberal talk radio never shown. It's because he's having drug with microfiber and I Uponicle. Right and Guillain Smeth gave us a stand and lollipop who's a lot. a better agent, maybe herself. I don't know. She doesn't have an agent as to busy smoking bad weed. So the goddess goes national, so still, Stimion, J&O, though, and if, no, no, let's see, where we put the list of the clear channel stations on our website yet for people to be afforded like the plague? No. See, when people say, well, what can we do? Here's one of the first things that you can strike back doing is not subsidizing any of the clear channel stations in our market. It works there are seven. Seven. W-I-O-D, W-I-N-Z, those are the two A-M's I do believe. Am I right? Right. The F-M's are W-B-G-G, W-L-V-E, love 94, W-Z-T-A's data. Why 100? Now do we check on that or not? Is that clear channel? We'll go get a list. We'll go to their website. And what's the other one I'm leaving out? I left one out. Well, whatever it is, we'll let pass them all along. We'll put them on our website. And then you can decide. I mean, it's up to you folks. If you're pissed off about, that's just about how it's during specifically, but just in general about their whole attitude about taking away your freedom of speech and choices, you can just choose not to support the channel radio stations in South Florida or anywhere in the USA. Sounds like a good idea to me. Got the list? I'm getting it. W-I-N-Z, W-I-N-Z, hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, W-I-N. Sounds like us. Am I on the air now? Sounds just like you, yes. Yeah. Um, Neil, I've been with him. Do you have a show for a couple of years? And thank God, you are the only voice I know. There's again, she's a right wing religious folks. And my question is, you know, especially with clear channel. I never realize that because I travel on South Florida, how many channels are owned by them now, but it's ridiculous. And you've got to be high on their list. And, you know, I hope they don't get you, but, you know, I got to kind of wonder, you know, why, why you're still there because, you know, like I said, you've got to be right up there on their list. Well, I'm still here because I'm a survivor. I know what I need to do. I know just how much I need to cut back. And where the line line is, if you don't know where the line is, if you're going to be stubborn like for Rell was when he was on this station, you're going to wind up out of a job. I can't afford to do that after all the years. You know, I'm closer to the end of the end of the beginning in Ornison. So I'm not going to be stupid or stubborn. And I'm going to tow the line and I'm going to take my money to the bank and then buy by. That's it. Well, good luck to you. And I hope you last forever. Thanks a lot, Palin. Have a great day. Yeah, that's the only thing you got to do. And I keep saying that that's my advice. I've been telling to my colleagues there for a long time. The mad dog and Hank and anybody would listen Joe Rose. Take the money to the bank. Of course, Joe can't take his to the bank because they're not paying him. But that's another story. That's a typical Greg Reed deal. As been on the year 10 weeks, filling in. And he still hasn't gotten paid a dime. You know, something, I just decided just this moment when I do finish up this next two and a half years if I make it if I survive it. I'm going to write that book that you're always a threatening that I should write. I'm going to do a tournier of Ghost Riders. He just it is so unbelievable. The kind of stuff that passes for business, the kind of people who pass for business people, the kind of, uh, shenanigans that go on. The kind of in it, you know, when the general manager of our radio station says for for print for the print media when Feral was getting canned and did get canned. And he says, well, I don't know if any of the things he said were over the line. But yati, yati, yati. Well, if you don't know if he was over the line, Greg, then how can you call yourself the general manager of three major market radio stations, huh? That's what I'd like to know. What a statement to make. I don't know if he was over the line or what. Well, that makes me feel real confident about where we are right now. Don't you feel like you're standing on a real solid ground? Oh, yeah. Here's a fact that says from Hugh. It says since this whole thing started with Janet Jackson's boo, isn't it possible? The incident was intended to start this Nazi firestorm. And that Jackson and Tinker Bell are associated with some right wing black goes anything's possible. Who I'm not quite as conspiratorial mind is you are? I think the right wingers might have a little bit better taste than Justin's Tinker Bell, but nevertheless, who knows? As the Chinese say, his face? Five six seven. Five sixty pound five sixty on a AT&T in Verizon wireless line. I think I'm going to start not just writing the book, I'm going to start doing chapter by chapter on the air every day. Okay. WQAM, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, I'd like to talk to me about the Howard Stone issue. Speaking. Okay. I'm a certain listener. Welcome back by the way. Thank you. And Howard didn't really say nothing worse than he usually does. The only thing he did say was like the articles you read me started getting against the bush administration. And to me that's why he got kicked off the air. And I would you write, wouldn't make the same mistake because you'll be gone too. And work police, you should replace it with the Gestapo. Right. I'll bush got blessed. Okay. He's doing a new step in right now. Do I understand the Gestapo keeps track of everyone? Absolutely no question. I got my brown shirt on. I got my hip boots. I'm all I'm all dressed right. Not even in the country right now, but I'm just practicing. Practice makes perfect. 5 6 7 0 5 6. Do we got the somebody at four this afternoon speaking a pretty much face? Why? Whatever you said in fact why don't we just put on here whatever you call to okay? Okay. Next time you're. Next time you're filling in. 20 till noon at 5 6 2 a s. I can't remember. I could make you always cool. I said when I grow up that's what I want to do. But that was run by green. Corporate holes. It's not only care about the bottom, but not you. They are a bit different power at the wind. We cut into the always steady pushes friends. And so much power is in for you here and today. We're going to be a little bit more powerful. We're going to be a little bit more powerful. We're going to be a little bit more powerful. We're going to be a little bit more powerful. We're going to be a little bit more powerful. We're going to be a little bit more powerful. We're going to be a little bit more powerful. We're going to be a little bit more powerful. We're going to be a little bit more powerful. We're going to be a little bit more powerful. We're going to be a little bit more powerful. We're going to be a little bit more powerful. We're going to be a little bit more powerful. We're going to be a little bit more powerful. We're going to be a little bit more powerful. We're going to be reducing coengineences between the applause of our team members. We're going to have a conference and just like the rain. Everyone is going to invite us to cheer up. We are going to make this lively and we're now fortunate to be here today. We're going to have the concerts and we are going to arrive to the service of the orchestra. We're going to have a wonderful concert for have people singing and everyone is taking our concert. We're going to seek our segment. at 560 WQM to disgrace what a nasty, nasty piece of business this all is. Clear channel sucks big time. Here's their estate and don't first Joe Faxon says. And he's absolutely correct of course WYN's EAMS BNWR effects AMS and switching to Fox Sports Radio. Come on Neil, you're out of touch. Get with the program. Why should I know what the call of his or nobody else does? It says get your guns and can't food now. Freedom is indeed dead. All right Joe. Shoot him up. Okay, so here's the clear channel for all the people within the son of our voice. Treasure Coast. Can I hear us on the treasure coast in Medburo, are you counting? All right. But yeah, they can. Just in case. WZZ RFN FM talk. WQL FM oldies WSYR FM hot AC WAVW FM country WZR FM FM talk. And WZR what what what they have on it. Oh, that's that's real radio. Wow. Is right. WJN is not the one at Howard was on? I don't know. I think so. And WJNS AM and WAXE EM AM. Well, whatever it is, the news and talk. That's we don't know what that is. Palm Beach County WKGR Classic Rock is not the Gator. Yes, it is Gator 98.7. WOLL PASICAC FM WJNO AM News and Talk. WLDIFM today's hits WRL FM smooth jazz and WBZTAM talk. What what station is that? BZT. What's on it? Huh? I don't know. What is that like light bulb light or something? What can that be? WABWFM country and WZZR FM FM talk. And Miami for Lottative LTC first of Florida Keys. WAAIL FM Classic Rock is wailin on your radio baby WIEFM WEOW Meow radio WKFW sports talk. Oh, the worst WCTH FM country WKFCA AM at all rock and WK AZ FM EASYLISTING IN THE KESNOW. Let's see, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8. I said it was 7 I lied. Oh, my forgot the couple of very important ones. WHY, Y100. What? It'll talk 40. Just say no to Y100. Just say no to big. Which now they're playing music in the morning. How are disappeared? Now they're just playing classic crock. What a crock. WLVE FM smooth jazz love many for WRFX AM sports talk. Say goodbye to that just about everybody with the fact most people never said hello. Although we do miss two gods. He's still them. WZTA FM New Rock all turnative Zeta with the anxious ancient Ron and the geriatric Paul. WIOD all right we news talk all day. WMIB said that's when I forgot one of three point five which used to be she which used to be a planet which used to be now its men black hip hop. They're hopping on it. And WCTHFM Country. I didn't know there was another country besides history. No. Thunder Country 100.3 WCTHFM Country. Pick it baby. Pick it real good to the bleeds. So those are the eight Miami Fort Lauderdale stations for Beesley. For Rd ICBsley for our Clot Channel for it in slip. And just say no if you want. I mean you know do whatever you want. You're going to listen to whatever you want, but I'm suggesting if you want to fight back against their channel the way to do it is just say goodbye to all our radio stations. Don't listen to them don't tell me by that you don't listen to them and just forget about them. That's the best way to do it. Works like a miracle when you see those ratings come on. There's stations where vanishing yeah vanishing from the year. Kind of like our morning numbers. 547 votes. Why isn't the public up and arms about the government's efforts to stifle free speech? I was trying to think of a better word. Because they're too silent. I don't put a understand at 214. Because the media is mostly ignoring it 106. Oh yeah look at this here's adult spring break on CNN. Because they have to tie into their kids. Because freedom of speech is just a saying in American 96 because they don't give a shit. 60 because they're lazy 44 and because they don't have any leadership 27 out of 547 votes in an hour and a half. That's not too bad. We'll do a thousand a day. I'll guarantee you that during the show will do a thousand votes or. And that's it. We just don't have a scoundrel comeback. We're all bailing out right. Right. Tina is a story. Getaways in Orlando, Florida. There's Mickey Mouse. What they ought to be talking about is not even Eisner Mickey Mouse. They ought to be talking about how Howard's not on here in Orlando anymore or in South Florida. But you know it was a story for a couple of days and then we move on other other things because naturally TV doesn't care about radio. In fact, TV hates radio. They despise us. We hate them too. Yeah. WQM. Hello. Hello. Hi. Welcome to the O.P. Speaking. Hey, New York. How are you doing? Okay. I'm honored to talk about this Howard Stern thing. I was, I'm a Howard. I used to be a Howard Stern listener and I also listen to you also. He says to me, you both make sense. And which is unlike a lot of the things that are playing on the radio nowadays. There's funny that they take Howard off the radio because of that comment that's one guy said because that's to go on for a while but they never came using until after of course this whole thing was yet a Jackson. And that he was just complaining that a few days ago before he got turned to get off the air that he had so many um what they call you guys having in the radio delays like for three delays on radio and even with all those delays they still didn't catch you know, still throw up that guy with his little inward and and because of just that he got taken off the radio. Yeah, that was just an excuse. If it wasn't that it would have been it they could have come up with a million different excuses when you see the fines they're going to be announced this week. If it wasn't going to be that stuff it would be this week. It just a matter of time. Is that and in funny because I got heard a different start from my wife who listened to the story on the TV it said that apparently after that talk with a guy who had sex with um um parents. They've played the audio of the video and supposedly that's why he got kicked off there. So I'm here in two different story about that okay. It's all a bunch of crap man. It's all just next to you. He hasn't been doing anything in fact this show has been so much mildered last five years that it used to be. It's not even a contest. So you're all right we're all right doing is looking to take anybody off the air who isn't to the right of a till of the hunt. Exactly and they just they're just using him as a scapegoat. They're going to and uh just like uh your whole thing about no one cares. This is a thing like that people are not realizing that just that's just the beginning is just going to start filtering out everything that you do here on the radio on TV and uh the news everything so don't forget these are the same people want to check out what books you've been reading in the library. Exactly exactly. Good luck you pal. Grab that passport. All right I am. Squeeze a tight and the passport too. All right there you go. 5670560 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. That's double on time. I think it might have been triple on time. How about single on time as in up yours? Up yours government. You think we're not. 5670560 pound five 60 we got 561 votes pretty week. We should have 10,000 on here. All the people are busy looking at downtown Julie Brown but you have to go behind a be the curtain for that because we certainly don't want to have any problems on our website because everything now has got to pass if I uncle Sam and uncle Sam don't want to see no naked boobies on us on website okay. You're going to go to newroggies.com and click on where it says are you over the age of 18 or do you think you might be or do you think we'll believe in and you click that on and then we take you behind a beaded curtain and there is downtown Julie Brown in all of her we now without her gown. So let's let she maybe about to go around for lunch. 5670560 pound five 60 I'm sorry. See I forgot I had that so she might be going yeah or like that. I'm not used to having that there that was pretty a first vacation so me to stick that there wasn't. Now I'm not going to say I had a feeling we might be needing that. WQAM hello. Hey hey don't. Okay. I just wanted to talk to you real quick about that whole censorship thing with the garbage and then speaking. Special with clear channel. Speaking. Hey you know how you doing? I'm doing great. What I don't understand is clear channel is a chain company. Why are they cutting their foot off? They're ruining their market. Well buddy it wouldn't be cutting their foot off. They only he's only on six out of twelve hundred stations. It's not going to cost them a lot of money. And of course they're your uphandler either the right wing or you know covering their ass and they're other twelve hundred stations. So when you've got eleven hundred ninety four stations that don't carry steering and only six of them that do they don't give a crap because they don't really care that much about ratings anyway. What they're those they got paid million stations and they put together a package and that's how they sell. They don't care about ratings. They don't have that. Buddy I listened to stations like Zeta. I like power on. I mean the thing is to get show but you know that it drives me off because I like you too and I like your show because your show actually has an opinion it has a brain and there's mostly entertainment. There's other channels that mostly entertainment. And your shows mean is that I want to listen to entertainment and then I want to listen to somebody with a brain. You know I want the best of both roles. It's been a little bit of a soft part of it. Yeah. And what tells me is it turns me off. They clear channel which is the big money doesn't want to support people who want to have their entertainment and have the kid to need a two kind of thing. You know. No they don't want you to be able to listen to whatever you like. If you like it tough luck they're not going to put it on here because they're going to make up so much use of how it's going to cost them their license and they're trying to protect the air waves and how they're cleaner and the whole year than everybody else. And all I do is suck it up to the right wingers. That's all. No it's a bunch of girls. Personally I don't like Howard. I think he's a bunch of trash because he talks trash and he degrades a lot of people. But I tell you one thing. I'm a social public. It's been a work of the public in my whole life and I tell you one thing. And 32 years old I'm sure it's a concern. Policom vote because this guy is out of control and Michael Powell's out of control and who's elected to our position under Clinton and then he laid down it. He didn't do anything. He felt it good. And then on a sudden when daddy's in control and then the bush myster's in control now he's a big dog and now he's going to start telling us what we can and can't listen to. Well that's a garbage. Amen. Thank you very much, Neil. I love you. You're self-acorting me, pal. I just threw my log out. Do I have another, uh, some no I don't. I'm just I'm just gonna hit my stuff. I'm saying well the sooner you throw it out the sooner we can leave. Sounds like a winner to me. This mark Morgan is the 12 to one hour on Q8M. They're revolutionary and they're coming to America and anything that close. How is basketball team in the third world? The Hishan gold draw to us. They really know how to shoot. The Hishan gold draw is with men to log leave and take on this. But when you'll hone it, you will come stuck. Let me find it. It's fun to hold back. You take it before they sit back to Porta France. The Hishan gold draw. They're all right. Or you see baby doxes. Hey, I want to go back and take care of my people. Mr. Baby, Dr. Martin Luther. Or he didn't finish it the first time. 12 out to it, 5 out of 60 WQM. We got the a mad dog to manage it too. Then we got to somebody gets for either hand gold. Bergour some poor substitution for from Schuola State too. We don't know yet, do we? No. How is it possible that we don't know yet? We don't have an answer. I mean, what kind of a make believe radio station is this? I remember they used to be a sure public belief ballroom. But make believe radio. I mean, what's that? You know, either Hank is going to be on or he still says suspended or whatever. Hurricane hotline is seven. The big any tonight who gets paid by the pound. You got any K10 and Jua Mark overnight. Here's a fact that says a very wise elderly gentleman once told me we get the leaders we deserve. If America's willing to put up with all this neo Nazi stuff that we deserve it, everyone is so busy trying to survive that nobody's got time to care anymore. No, oh, and by the way, how about that nice jobs report on Friday? Oh, man. Speaking of jobs, 125,000 jobs and only 21,000 and none of them by the way, the non-farm payroll just can bow campers. This happened. At four? Yes. At Chulas? Yes. The facts is there should be a million people marching on a white house while Howard sperm talked about the million more on March. Did you see that? No. So it's demanding an end to the ward. Well, of course, they signed that interim constitution in Iraq today. Are we in press? Oh, are we excited? No, and meanwhile, we're still bursing each other like crazy. When are we going to get one? Yeah, that's right. We're too busy. We're not about making a constitution and giving freedoms to the people of Iraq. What am I going to give the freedoms back to the people in America? Is there a lot of us would like to know? Is that going to happen? Yeah. Anytime soon. It says we scared the crap out of prison and Johnson and President Nixon. Let's get a million people marching on a white house and show Bush where Matt is held and we're not going to take it anymore. So this very angry pissed off and fired up. Facts are. Yeah, likely story. There are two busy watching that reruns of whatever they're watching. Friends. 567560. Rudy opposes gain upspan says the New York Daily News. Rudy Giuliani came out yesterday against President Bush's call for ban on game marriage. How do you like that? The former mayor who vice president Cheney joked at the night is after his job. That's the vice president who's got the out of the closet lesbian bull by daughter. Yeah. Giuliani vigorously defended the president on this post-9 level leadership, but made clear he disagrees with Bush's proposal to rewrite the Constitution, not law gays, let's be in some time, the night. I don't think it's right for decision to this point. He said, I'll eat the press. I certainly would not support a ban at this time. And, Giuliani who lived with a game man hadn't couple when he moved out of Gracie Manchardry is nasty divorce. Giuliani took his gay right stance, just a speculation. It's a fever pitch that he's in line to replace Cheney on Bush's ticket. But he said no chance. And the son settles says, Paul says Florida voters opposed gay marriage, but supports civil union. A slight majority of voter supporters of civil unions for gay lesbian couples, but most opposed same-sex marriage new poll is found. The Florida voters are divided over President Bush's call for a constitutional amendment banning same-sex marriage with more voters opposed to amendment that's supported by the same P. Times and a Hurl found. The poll conducted March 3rd and 4th found that 65% of voter voters opposed same-sex marriage, opposition was most intense in the Tampa Bay Area where a 72% are opposed what a shock. And the arch is surprised? No, not at all. Still 53% of the Canadians have gazed lesbian should be a lot of form civil unions, which could be a lot of same-sex couples have the same benefits as married couples. I matter such as health insurance, inheritance, pensions, etc. All of these things. What's significant about these numbers is that Florida voters continued to be willing to compromise. They have no problem with civil unions said Rob Schrothe democratic pollster conducted the poll last week with Republican pollster Kellyanne Conway. Only 41% of those polls that they would support President Bush's push to ban same-sex marriages. 11% are on the constitutional amendment question. Only 41% of the aguish state-like Florida including Tampa and Clearwater and Jacksonville in the D-Land and Bradenton and two egg and Tallahassee and Petsacola. Only 41% say you will go for that. We got bigger fish to prime as to President OK, you lunatic, you double, you embezzle you. You goof all. There's edge, which is a longstanding tradition and this may undermine that tradition to a certain degree. Well, the way out is going to claim that John Kerry is undermining the tradition by essentially saying, I'm doing the bidding of foreign leaders who want to see Bush out. The whole world by the way, just having come back from Europe, the whole world wants Bush out. Bye-bye Bush. The whole world is filming it them out. Bye-bye no more Bush. They're under one. Here's line nine WQM hello. Hey Neil, what's up here on Orlando through the static? Braden arms up here about losing Howard. You probably didn't hear the news, but there was a few hundred people that approached us to down at the Clearwater Club's channel station when he was, it was announced that he was down off. Right. And they have the monsters in the morning, how they have a opening in the midday and I know it's clear channel, so there's no way you're going to be on it, but it'd be great if you Oh yeah, I've hold in my breath. Yeah, yeah. I mean, we don't know what to do. I mean, we protest it was on a local channel, they even got some national exposure, but it seems like it's for no good because it's not the most effective thing to do is to turn off all of Clear channel stations and don't turn them on again. That's the most effective. You'll see that impact have take place almost immediately when a rating start coming out and the Clear channel numbers start dropping from the face of the earth. That'll make something happen. Neil, the sad thing is, I don't think it's just Clear channel. You're pretty soon in 30s probably going to drop stern and who's the monster. I mean, it seems like it's, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know a lot of the words, Neil. Good luck, Nick. He just, he just claimed up. Yep. Or they got him. Let's see, now what is this hayscaran? Is this from the same guys, just something I'm going to post it around them. It's cute. I like this. What a copy and bye. Hey, man. I'm so sorry. Let's kiss and make up and can I have my show back. I don't find that amusing. I'm just also, I'm just like his last guy. I'm at loss for words too. When you told me that Kimbo Bo Campers going to be on the afternoon instead of the Humper, I got News 4. You're a Greg Reed, okay? I have News 4. I like Kimbo. He's a good guy. But if you think that Kimbo, see, this is what happens when you do sports nerds. How many times have I tried to tell this man, he won't listen to me. People don't listen to QM because they're talking about sports. I'm listening to the personalities, okay? When I had Midden, in fact, before we came on his station and they had the evooster with an anusious Chris Moron on, you can put their number in a, in a thimble and have room for the goddamn Chinese army left over in there. So this idea that just put none one X-Jockel over here, another X-Jockel, but they're talking about the client about the Dolphins every day. Even Jim Sarni in the Sun Sentinel says, it's unlicitable, it's ponderous. People listen to Hank Goldberg because he's Hank Goldberg, that's why. People listen to Mad Dog because he's one in a billion because he's a, a o' Wacko because he's a wild personality, he's a crazy guy. But don't confuse Greg with the facts. See, if you were to tell me that Hank was going to be on the day, we have a News sales manager then I would say, yeah, now we're talking, there are some good news that I see I finally got a piece of copy here for balance for life that makes some sense with it. We didn't even have the right phone number on the other piece of copy. Oh, I was not using it. Didn't even have the right phone number on that copy. Well, I used it to make a point and guess what, now we got a new piece of copy. See, see how you got to do it. You got to threaten them with bodily punishment. You got to threaten them with death. You got to threaten them with doing a Jesus like who's the fiction them right outside in a parking lot. We said good, screw in. I'll come back for that. We're probably asking to share a good. W W Q AM hello. Hello, now. Yes, sir. Good morning. I just want to let you get to know that the conspiracy doesn't end with clear channel. I went to take a exam with the TSA and they had already like weird loaded questions like, would you like this administration? Would you do things better if you were running this administration? Really? Yeah, it's it's pretty loaded in. I wouldn't leave any fingerprints on those pages, man. No, no, I didn't. And don't worry, man. I'm taking a good stuff for the test. Yeah, later, man. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon. That's a lot of fun. You know, also, I think we need to find out about this yellow thing here. Yeah, I'm actually not enough one day two weeks ago, but of course, I beg your pardon. What? Okay, I just I don't want to talk about that in the length on the air, but I just mentioned that don't let me forget tomorrow morning. We'll do like a dry run. And then they don't seem to care. Like, wouldn't it like that? You know, as long as you sign that paper, that's all they care about. I see. Well, I think I think you had it your thumb on it before, because what did that work should not have nothing to do with that? Right. Right. So that's not really a main priority for them, even at this point. WDQA and hello. Yes, sir. It's quite interesting how click the channel pulls how it's turned off the air. Yeah. As soon as Howard starts talking about how we got a load out footage in November, I found that quite interesting, but let's talk about something more important. Why should who I George feeling it for you when you go on vacation? Yeah. The guy is terrible. Yeah. He sounded like a dwee, but a guy that you could check down in school a lot. Yeah, he was. He was sure. He was in the library a lot. Yeah. Well, who do you like to have me have feeling when I go on vacation? Give me a name. He said, he would get out Friday with him. Suds, suds Coleman to do a short suds doesn't do a show alone. Why not? I mean, you know, you can talk. Let me sit in suds doesn't do a show on sir. Have a great life. Were real happy with George Philanon and the stations were real happy too, because they pay him almost nothing extra anyway. So they're real pleased with that. And the ratings in the summer time when George was on most of the time, we're just fine. He was excellent. So we're real happy with that. So if you don't like it when George is on, I have a revolutionary idea. I better not say it. He will. Of course he will. And the next vacation and then I'll come back and I was like, oh, George was even worse this time than before was horrible. And he was a real dwee, but yeah, et cetera. You know, I can, don't listen to him. 12 13 at 5 60 W to Q m. Hey, here's a question for you. How's your new year's resolution going on losing their weight? Probably not so well like the most of us fat people. It's just two darn tough to stick to that old dad regiment. I don't say to say darn in here. I like that. Two gosh darn tough to stick to the old dad regiment. Well, with balance for life, it's not because balance for life is the premier meal delivery service based on the zondide and they bring right to your doorstep three delicious gourmet meals and two snacks every single day in their little black sack. With all that food, how can you say you're on a diet? Try the real meal service that delivers results based on the zondide. Don't settle for limitations. Imagine there's no shopping, no cooking, no cleaning. I like the other one better. People are losing an average of 12 to 18 pounds in a month with balance for life. Let me say it again. An average of 12 to 18 pounds up your big fat ass a month with balance for life. The zondide's proven lower diabetes high cholesterol high blood pressure too. And now if you ever wanted to try this out, beach, that hears you chance. Balance for life is the closest thing you'll ever find. How because balance for life is the only meal delivery coming. That's that offers you menu choices. Let me go from phase one to phase three of these sound beach diet. Did you get that? Good. Feel the difference and see the results with balance for life. Here's that new toll free number Troy. Hey Troy. Write it down on your a cheat. 866-225-4543. That's toll free 866-2254543 or check them on the web at balanceforlife.com. I spoke Eric. He's got all the career channel stations on the web site. He had a skills in up and win. They put one pack and dozens of hard days old. The doctors told me it's a hard day. But now we really know his heart is old. Don't matter what we're told. Yet it changed out a heart that's old. Coped on explode. He makes decisions. He has the vision. He has the country under his control. Wild pushes charging. It saves your body. And that's what happens when your heart is old. And it's full of hope. Yet it changed out a heart that's old. And it's gone a blow. He'll keep on working till his heart is cold. He'll keep pretending that is hard. How's your bull's like daughter to a Mr. Wright present? Probably 18 at 5.60. This is a great column by Linda McQuake in the Toronto Starrier State Fanning the Flames of Antisemethas, a Skating Review of Mel Gibson's passion. Passion of the Jesus. I'll get to it. Don't forget. Also something that really happens in Europe. Because they don't want these genetically modified crops. Come to find out that more than 2-thirds of conventional crops in the US and are contaminated with genetically modified material, dooming organic agriculture and posing a severe future risk to health. We should be concerned about that. Why should we be concerned about that when Martha Stewart maybe go to jail, right? Right. Now you may be shocked at this and might take on that. I don't want to see your go to jail. Okay. I can't stand a bit. Number one. Number two. Did you think she belonged to that jail time for her? Is appropriate? No, I've been saying all along 200 grand. She had that much in her purse. Right. That skumbag over in Sarasota that killed a little girl who was a, uh, how many times was he convicted? About 30 minutes. Well, the crimes serious crimes were talking about. They gave him about two minutes in jail and the slimer to slap on her wrist and he was out there again. Kill that little girl. Right. But Martha Stewart, they're going to throw her ass in jail. Finder for being a greedy bitch and like those on. Yeah. Make her shop at Walmart. That'll teach her ass. Oh, oh. Anyway, here's the sits on our website. Now if you don't like what clear channel is doing. Don't listen. It's got to list here's big one. Oh six and why 100 and I OD and Fox sports. WRFX, whatever it hell it is and all the other ones. Nice going Eric. He's on top of he's got all the logos there. Nice logos by the way. Happy stations. 560560, pound 560. I mean, you know, the thing with, uh, and it's not, it's not just Neocons. It's Naziism. Just like I was saying years ago and people were laughing at me. Oh, G, you're going too far, Neal. Right. When you criticize the administration and they take you off the air, that's called fascism. And who I blame the most I'll say to again is the Democratic Party or as useless as boobs on a ballpoint pen. Okay. That's how useless you people are. With a one exception, Russ Fyngel, there in Wisconsin. Got some balls. Try to stand up for freedom of speech. But, oh, everybody else they're too preoccupied with got only those what? What about how they're doing? Can't stand up in the election year for smut. And like the article, uh, was it, which one was the Katrina van Huffel's about the student? Being unpopular with a lot of goodly two shoes people. So therefore did not got to come to his support. It reminds me of his like al-goldstein same thing. When did decided to destroy Al? Who the hell was going to stand up for him? Nobody. He's a smutmist here. He was a pedaler of porn. Am I all the other crap? WQA and hello. Hi, I've worked up in Neil. Speaking. Neil, just wanted to make a comment on one of your previous callers with regard to Howard Stern. Let's not forget that once you started bad mounting bush, he single handily was responsible for putting you know two governor did the office. So, you know, once you started bad mounting bush, I think they felt the pressure that he was going to sway the election quite severely. Yeah. Secondly, I didn't know if you realized they're not today, but they raised the, uh, the tolls on the turnpike for those of us that refused to use the sun pass. Really? Yes. And I've always contended that, you know, anytime you put a transmitter in your car, you know, the big brother was keeping an eye on you. And rest assured, in a couple of years, they'll be using those things for other purposes other than just for polarity. Every time you stick your finger in the nose, man, and not still are going to be, they're going to know which nostril it is. Yeah, very true. And what you're pulling out. Exactly. So, uh, who are in the sun pass, man? Put your quarters in the basket. I'm right. Thank you. Good luck, you're paly. Just put your recorder and your lotion into basket. I think I just said something. I wasn't supposed to say like hello basket. Like hello. Oh, don't say it's just going to task it because it rhymes with basket. And of course, right after basket comes casket. Uh oh. Five, six, seven. Ha ha ha ha. I think we had to have a show one day where all we do is for four hours that we just do the spots of course because that's what we're here for to make the money. For four hours. Huh? I'm going to study more scodes so we can bang out secret messages. WQN, hello. Yes, uh, Neil. Yes, sir. Yes, um, just thinking right up at 95 won. The gorgeous state I'm here in South Florida. Just pass up a brand new vote and vote and vote and living color South the vote and park Boulevard. I was a wrap. The QM ones are up already. Yeah, I'm watching right across the way is a shit. It happens. Boulevard. Right. No board. But, uh, yeah, there was no one in South Oklahoma, public Boulevard is uh, you can't miss it going with on an 95. Had to back to New York. Excellent. Well, spread an o expense man after off before you. It's a beautiful thing. And we all love your mission. Okay, thanks for the good news, Pally. I have a safe trip. 567 to the billboards are out. Let's hear it. I wonder if the Hank Goldberg billboards up. See, one thing I noticed about Greg, every time we're going to do a billboard campaign, which I think this is only the second time in almost seven years now. Every kind is going to be any kind of promotion. Almost immediately, if not sooner, one of the people is going to be promoted is no longer around. Or else it's suspended or like disappears, something like that. Do we have any mobile boards? Absolutely. Now it really is something. Let's see, why 100 is clear channel? Band, Kenny, and Foody. They are Supreme Bushhuggers and screw the guy, uh, George's great says some facts here. Wow. And this fact is not even at one of the Teddy from Botswana. Somebody likes you, George. Ah. Let's see, this is I'm fired up and pissed off because the people this company are so stupid and they're allowing their freedoms to be taken away. A little by little. No, it's not little by little, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, it's fast. And they don't stop to think about what's happening. Just some of the changes that have happened. It's got 10. Here's a top 10 list of crap. Number one, you must wear a seatbelt. Number two, you can't have an open container of beer and public. Number three, you can't smoke a cigar or cigarette indoors and in some areas outdoors. What is it? One of the good come out of ruling that you can't fart more than three times at in your house. Is that coming pretty soon? Done, deal, that's an extra story I've got. Ah! Ah! 50,000 dollars! You can't listen to what you want on radio. Number five, you can't watch what you want on TV and soon to be cable. Number six, you can't let your dog run loose. Number seven, you can't put your house to color. You want number eight, you can't plant a flag where you want. Number nine, you can't disagree with what some people say or do because it's racist last sexist or number 10, you can't do what you want in your bedroom. Says Bob. Too many people just say, well, let's go for the general public. Court doesn't affect me and they don't realize that each of these little things just either way, they're basic freedoms. I'd prefer that you not use my full name on a year because I don't want to knock on the door three, I'm says Bob. What do it Bob? Open up, we know what you're doing in there, Bob. We can smell it. It's part of the fourth time, baby. Let's see, here's what it says. Hanyi of the day after Howard has moved, Mo Howard was singing his non-humorous way that the station should remove, he remote, what? Promote his nasty ass. Oh yeah, what we know about that. He also went on to say that with an a week or two, this would all blow over and we'd be thinking about things that really matter like if the dolphins would keep Jay Feeleer. Oh man, did he really say that? What a smuck that old bald man is. It says, here, Michael Paul's your monitor, Mo, for lack of show entertainment. Mo got to go. It says, no, Mo and L. Rush, Bo. That pill pop, I have a great keep fighting a good fight on Moe Wilson. Let's see, this is the people like, now I don't, I don't listen how it's during show. I haven't listened to it for years. Maybe the time he's been on his self-floor. I listen two or three times briefly. Just enough for me, no, Mo. I'm not interested in boobs and dikes. I don't care about that. But, you know, the guy, the guy's longevity and what he accomplished in industry is beyond question. You have to be a moron, I don't understand that. A moron. Absolutely right. And when, and this business that they come up with now, the FCC about, well, just because somebody has higher ratings than a market, that doesn't, that doesn't cut it. Well, right. In other words, because a lot of people like you and like what you do, if one person doesn't like you, well, I give this an excuse to run your ass off the year. I've been trying to tell the public in my own little corner of the world in South Florida, where the average IQ is smaller than your, uh, co-size for years and years about how they were trying to take away all of your, what little freedom you had left. That's why the correct answer on it, Paul is an America freedom of speech is just a phrase. That's the correct answer. Just a bunch of words on a piece of paper. 27 past noon at five, 60 WQM, you're still free to go to the track and plunge your guts on, as of today anyway. Audio horse racing fans and poker players, Pompatopark racing in Carbroom is got just a gambling action you're looking for. Just a half mile for both I and I, 95, in the turn, Pike Pompatopark is easy to get to, and best of all Pompatopark features free admission and free general parking, every day. That's what they love in South Florida's that word free. They'll take it. Live harness racing in the poker room, but every Monday like tonight, Wednesday Thursday Friday and Saturday, poker starts at noon, goes on to midnight, and live racing gets underway nightly at 7.05 pm. Beware while we hennesty look out. Every Monday night like tonight there's that two for $25 dollar dinner special on the top of the park restaurant, the sixth floor. Every Wednesday dinner is dollar night for graph beer, so does hot dogs and more. Every Thursday's ladies night at the track, with two for wondering specials and also every night at the fourth floor players room, there's a 7.95 plated dinner special. Do you ever have a plated dinner? No, what is that? It's a lot neither they need to toss the floor. Every live racing night this week is our Lukaio wicket Pompatopark and I are the Ileka Pre's newest casino, our Lukaio on Grand Bahama Island, will be given away five trips for two, including airfare from four lottery. A two-night stay at the Sheridan Hotel and Golf for two. Plus each night, five other winners will get tickets for two on the newest high speed ferry if I can say that the cat that sails daily to Grand Bahama Island from Port Overe Everglades. Off your blades. Pompatopark, a block south Atlantic Boulevard on Powerline Road for the Curve Race Schedule, call 9-5-4-9-7-2-2000 or check it out online at pompatopark.com. Don't forget first post time tonight 7-05 at Pompino Park. And local. This is sports video 5-60. The way to weigh in. Paced is an adjacent crank up here, I'll do it. This is Kit Jackson on special assignment. I am standing outside of a New York City Theatre. Trying to get a word with the Americans biggest celebrities who have just witnessed male get-sins the passion of the Christ. Oh, wait a minute. Here comes former Governor and former presidential candidate Howard Dean. Sir can you review this movie for me in just one word? You're crazy. What about it? Here comes Whitney Houston looking rather way flight. Whitney, what do you think of male Gibson's picture? I love this. Beautiful. It's my turn. Don't believe that's true. Don't you hear from We Hawken? Anyway, on a white cutter left on the sidewalk. After Whitney's departure. Here's a man in a Boston Red Stocks hat. Sir, what do you think of the movie? No, my sucks. Porn in. Though I don't believe no more Gossier power is in this picture. Ooh, here comes American Idol superstar William Hong. And who is voted the worst performance ever who seems to be riding that to a bazillion dollars. William, what did you think of the portrayal of Mary Magdalene? Chipet. Oh, you're six-figured. And rather inappropriate. Here comes Yaki Honor George Steinbrother. George, what do you think of the movie? Good. What do you think of male Gibson good? Cinema's Harbor Tick? Good. Script good. Lighting? Good. Subtitles. Good. Oh, ain't even in here. Here comes former football superstar, Johnning. Joe, can I get your reactions on the movie you just saw? I want to kiss you. While you are a handsome man, Joe, you re-gobtip-licker. Ooh. Here's a true legend. David Gips. It's freeing husband of lies of an elite cavalry queen. Sir, you look rather stunned. D. Downright the wilderness. Looked at how big it's like that. It's intense. Yes, he was sitting near the front. And here's Simon Cow from America and I know. The man who judges everything. Sir, give us your review of this movie. Coral. Better watch your step, Cow. All of male Gibson will have your intestines on a stick like me or times report a fragrance. This is Keith Jackson on special assignment. That's going to be 26 till 11 at 5. 16 W to Q and we got the man dog at 2 and we got Kim Bo-campur at 4 to 1st of noon from Shula State, 2.0. Kim Bo-campur at the 1st of noon at 4.0. No Hank. I just mentioned that in passing. Now we get any elaboration on that. Is there no? That was it? Yep. Who told you that? Miguel. Somebody told him. I see. Some of the ones that are passing it down the hall. Sure. Linda McQuake writes in the Etronos star yesterday. She's a Toronto based author and political commentator. Fanning the flames of anti-Semitism. Speaking of male. Linda says it's not often I go to a torture flick and after seeing Bill Gibson's the passion of the Christ I know why. It's hard to imagine a more unpleasant way to spend two hours than watching to be left less entrenching of a human being, which is pretty much what goes on in this movie. It's also hard to imagine anyone leaving the theater feeling particularly uplifted. On a contrary, you want to merge his thrill that the movie is finally over and marveling that there are people walking about on the street apparently not even trying to torture anyone. Of course the bleak vision presented in the film which includes a Satan character fits well with the emergence of an intolerant fundamentalist mentality in which the world is neatly divided into good and evil them and us. Even apparently secular institutions are getting into the fundamentalist swing of things. New York Times reporter Elizabeth Vumilar put an astonishing question in a Democratic firm under John Kerry and it televised a debate last month. Is God on America's side she asked? Apparently unaware that this is the 21st not the 15th century and that she works for a newspaper not an inquisition panel. Gibson has shrugged off criticism of this hugely controversial film and system that he's just telling the true story with all its blood and guts. Yet despite his claims of authenticity, the movie will just follow the most standard of how to would conventions, the women are beautiful, Satan is bald and ugly, and the actor plays Jesus clearly goes to the gym regularly and has his teeth so wide they glow in the dark. The real Jesus would have been much shorter in slider and there no reason to believe he was dropped at handsome. But were the donuts look like on a cross who would have uh well this a bit of luck buster. More importantly Gibson seemed to have embellished the story greatly exaggerating the world of the Jews killing Christ. Meanwhile the Roman governor Pontius Pilate who had ultimate responsibility over who lived and who died comes across as a decent and downright likeable fellow keen to do the right thing if only the Jewish mob wasn't so fixed on crucifixion. One keeps hoping as the procession heads toward you know what that may be just maybe there will be a less than intervention by that nice Mr. Pilate or has even more kindly wife. Elaine Pagels, a renowned historian of the early Christian period, put it out in the New Yorker last week that this is a serious distortion. To deflect responsibility from the Romans for resting and executing Christ which gives him taste from the Gospels and makes even more of stream as contrary to everything we understand about history. Those who wrote the Gospels she explains had reason to whitewash the world of the brutal all-powerful Romans who didn't take well to criticism. Gibson was under no such risk constraints. This isn't exactly a trivial detail. The claim that the Jews killed Christ has been the feeding ground of anti-Semitism for centuries all the way up to the Holocaust. Gibson the son of a Holocaust denier is presumably fitting with formigia with us terrain. While Gibson isn't obliged to promote the Brotherhood of Man is it too much to expect him to avoid vigorously fanning a flame that slid as so much hatred misery throughout history? Yet the media Vince Sotham Gibson, a flattering coverage story in people magazine last week recounted lightning striking during the filming and asked, does Gibson have God on his side? Remember when reading the mainstream press was different that reading a Christian summer camp newsletter? Some high profile commentators including Barbara Amel and Merck's Murphy of Argyu that concerns about a wise anti-Semitism shouldn't focus on Gibson's film but rather Murphy suggests on the ferrisity of criticism routinely directed at Israel. This is a death slide of hand Gibson who is the stortion of the facts may well breed new life of the most potent and durable anti-Semitic allegation is given a pass while those who criticised the Israeli government over its illegal 35-year occupation of Palestinian land are tired with a brush of anti-Semitism. Murphy even switched critics of Israel and was in with suicide bombers and is the picture of the new anti-Semitism. The suggestion that criticizing Israel is inherently anti-Semitic is of course being made with increasing frequency these days, the silence critics of Israel whose rights include Jews inside and outside Israel and even Holocaust survivors. Measured against the hauntingly anti-Jewish images in the past of the Christ, the suggestion that critics of Israel's military occupation of the new anti-Semites seems almost as silly and menacing as Gibson's film right through the McQuadian yesterday. Toronto star you go Linda. Hi Skone. Well that was very balanced and fair. Yeah and how unusual. Just like on Fox. Just like on clear channel. Right. I'm sorry just like on F*** channel. Taudi channel is Malkoza. Remember the whole routine here is Taudi short. That's so funny. You're just the best mall. You're just the best BS artist that money can buy. What is your pain in my life or what you did? Because cloudy is like the opposite of clear. I see. I've been worried about that the whole time I couldn't figure it out. We're not going to make our 1000 votes so they which means that Josh is going to be doing the show for next couple of months. Right. All by him loads some 700 and two votes. They're not a chance. They're not a Chinaman's chance in purgatory. I'm making a 1000 by a two o'clock. Is there? And this is not a kind of a poll that we should be having to like force feed you're on the saying. But it just means rise by seeing that new picture of downtown Julie Brown. Be had to be the curtain near on the arregers dot com. 702 votes. Why isn't the public up at our main year right? They did they don't care. They just tell you how we hit some calls, but they just don't care the way they should. It's scary. They're stupid. Up and arms about the government's attempts to stifle free speech. Chris and South Florida they're so used to what especially in the county. Maybe it's nothing new. Because they're too stupid to understand it. 263 out of 706. Because the media is mostly ignoring at 139. Because freedom of speech is just a saying in America. 124. There's John Kerry on there with some photo ops. What's he doing for us? Nothing. Because freedom of speech is just a saying in America 124. Because they don't give a Schmidt 73. Because they're lazy 69. And because they don't have any leadership only 39. So at least only 39 people out there believe it on a vacuum of leadership. Like scary John Kerry. Yeah, but being able to reach out to a good for him. I'll vote from 10 or 20 times of man. He's real disappointing on many things. He's weak. He's weak. Just like the Democratic Party really weak. It was like the opponents in Hitler during WW2 during the All-At-Suck. Go on. They were kind of like weak. You know what I mean? Yeah. And then they were. That's right. Hey, listen. If you're starving, I want to break from the kitchen. Let our friends at Amyl Coast take care of you. And do all the cooking for it. Cook up a real feast. Start off with six different soup sample. Sample dozens and Zillions. Maybe even on for is I think more than that. New York strip made order and their sizzling Asian grill along with a new seafood say, Jacques. Enjoy oysters on the half-shear. Lysk and stone crab middle-neck clams. Jumbo shrimp scampy or reunite. If he still have room-try their handcar primer of the new Thai specialties too and don't forget they promote healthy living at the Amyl Coast because they cook all of their fine cuisine with cholesterol free oils. There's no cornstarch, no MSG, no crap. And the buffet features a full salad bar, new sushi bar, fresh from cocktail too. And if you have any room left at the end of this deal, which will be America, but if you do, it's well worth trying to desert station with Belgian waffles, pies, cakes, pastries, ice given all your favorite toppings, even fresh fruit. Perfect ending to a gigantic feast. Amyl Coast three South Florida locations waiting for you. They're in sunrise, Penala, 44th Street. They're on Collins Avenue just north of 163rd North Miami Beach and also with the intercession to flamingo and Pembroke roads in Pembroke Pines. So take the family book in our business lunch and now let the folks at Amyl Coast cook up a real storm for you. Take out an delivery always available too. Call them at 9504 5723822 that's 9504 5723822 for the world famous Amyl Coast Chinese buffet. Broke in like a miracle. I had a new one in this tomorrow. Thank you Joseph and son. Hi, I'm Jesus Christ. You know, it ain't easy living in Jerusalem. When you look like Peter O'Tool and he can't speak a lick of aromake, that's why here at Joseph and son Carpentry Shop you'll always receive quality work at miraculous Leelo prizes. Right Bob? Sure. Support the finest in custom wood grafting from a bookcase to an arc. Don't settle for any schlob who just builds crosses. Try Joseph and son Carpentry Shop. Our work is guaranteed. My hand to God. Prop 46. You're good at 560 WQA and 560 50505060 on the 18th team Verizon wireless line. Hope you got some good material for the rest of the week. Josh. I'll work on it because you're going to be doing a show solo. In fact, you're going to be answering the phones. You're going to be taking the calls. You're going to be taxing yourself all the material right doing the poll. Updated the website and running the spots. All right. Somebody QA and hello. Hi. Yes, man. Yeah, thank you for coming to me on today. No, we don't. What is so funny? I'm not the one who's laughing George is laughing. No, he's not. Does he have sick or what is up? No, he's suspended by the radio station. He's suspended for bitching out our sales manager. Really? Oh boy, another how it's turned case. No, I don't think I had nothing to do with Howard Stern. It has to do with our idiotic management. Oh, but I'm so dissimilar. Are you part of the similar case? No. Okay. Well, we've listened. And me too. Thank you. There's somebody visiting you. Hopper. Okay. We're on your side, Hank. That was a hit the book camper behind. I don't know any more about that because this station just plays fast and loose with the truth. And then of course they middle-level management people like Duffin Clarence. They threaten them with physical harm with crucifixion on the corner of Ivory and 441. If they dare say anything so where you are, we're always in the dark. You know what's going on? You know what you need to know, Buster. I see. Well, I'm here is what I need. And I'm pretty pleased about it. 560, 50560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. We are not going to make that thousand votes by two o'clock. We got 740. Well, that's pretty weak. About your free speech has been taken away. Radio shows are being taken off. TV has been watered down. And next I got that article about cable that I read every day. I'm going to do it again. Just that short part of it. I'll do it right now. Cable may also be targeted. And of course, don't forget about the MTV and about censoring the playlist now, which videos you're going to get to see. And this is a little bit too. Everything now is being cut way back. Things that were okay five ago weeks ago, a 20 weeks ago, 20 years ago, they were just fine. Now, if anybody is offended, if anybody any good Christian out there is offended by the cut entertainment that you're listening to or watching or thinking about watching or reading, well, guess what, Mr. That's the end of you. Finieto. First rated by the profanity and nudity on television that culminated with Janet Jackson, Justin Tickabell's sexy Super Bowl dance, Angry Law Makers. Raise the prospect of expanding the fight against indecency on television to include cable networks for the first time. Law Makers including Republicans usually wary of government regulation raise the possibility of getting even tougher. Such as passing a three strikes and you're off the air law that would revoke the FCC licenses of repeat radio offenders, reformers who focus on network TV are missing 85% of the story because 85% of Americans now get their TV programming from cable and satellite TV, FCC chairman the employee asked Michael Pauelsin. Senator John McCain, Republican of Arizona, favorite of see that about it's just crap. Congress would have to change rules governing the FCC before the commission that expanded over-side a cable TV because cable is a subscription service that doesn't use the public airways and historically has been out of the FCC's jurisdiction. But in the aftermath of the Super Bowl half time show Congress may be willing to give the FCC greater authority over cable. God help you as all I can tell you man because of a lot of second and a half of nudity of one of partially covered breast. This is the excuse and a rest of the Congress including most of the Democrats including just about everybody says oh yeah yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes musta clista oops and mischievous yeah he's in there was he one of those chicken fighters he was chicken Schmidt WQAM hello yes sir don't rock the bow you're all we got yeah I'm rolling it man I'm rolling the bow real slow oh cam hold it real steady see there you go again and I'm holding steady right no matter what you say man you're gonna try to nail your ass oh see everybody's offended now oh this was in decent and I was discussing and this was obscene we're all offended here some of these people have been on here how many years has stirred up on there doing the same thing but pretty close to it same stuff yes so they paid some fines and they're always with some professional agitators out there complaining you know and by the way the people who do the complaints they're not offended they're just professional Ah Schmidt distribbers is all they are trying to dictate public taste and try to get this one fired get that one they're not fooling me that's all they're trying to do is be preview of the opportunity to make your own choices and what you find entertaining or amusing or interesting uh country and if we keep giving to the very very wealthy and millionaires receiving a yeah yeah yeah just stick with the same old tried and true crap man and meantime where is a political party where some political leaders who will have the balls to stand up against this crap they don't exist where the hell are they rust fine gold and rust fine gold that's it so we got and John carries his well but a clear channel of this one who's working on their station they certainly have a add a up here is John howardine was right life is a scream WQAM hello hey Neil how are you doing today okay sir I just just wanted to mention something about that call that you got a little earlier about the uh sun pass yes and it that sort of exemplifies the network of corruption the gem has going in this state because the sun pass their database system is run by Joey's point of Texas which is the same company to put together Katherine Harris is four million dollar voter purge list oh my god and is also putting together the list for point extras total information agency and get this world com got the data link contract to hook up all of the fiber optic systems of the readers the card readers will come yeah and Arthur Anderson now knows the adventure man is the fund which I don't know if you remember when some passes first starting out there was a lot of fund mismanagement and people were being overcharged yeah so I mean there's a serious network of corruption with you a good luck to America so that's all I can tell you as a former American good luck to you too okay thank you. by saying oh speak of that wait till you're this you know that obnoxious anxious antaninscalia see Nazi is as opposed to Nazi light Nazi heavy duty Supreme Court Justice antaninscalia spoke before an anti gay rights group while the court was considering a major gay rights case last year newspaper reports it's the third instance where critics say scolias actions create the appearance of a conflict of interest the L.A. Times reports scolias generally regarded as the court's most alter conservative right-wing Nazi fascist member spoke before Philadelphia's urban family castle on May 20 two months after hearing arguments in a case concerning Texas's anti-Sotomy statute when a high court overturned that Texas law month later scolias descended forcefully even taking a rare step of reading his descent from the bench scolias had no comment for the time story some legal scolias parents raised no ethical concerns for one thing scolias received no money for his address refusing even reimbursement for his parking with federal judicial rules which the Supreme Court does not have to follow but uses guidelines prohibiting judges from participating in fundraising scolias insisted that it did not make a profit scolias did not mention gay rights in a speech in the council was not a part of the case before the court last year. I don't see it as a problem North West and University professor Steven LeBett will a newspaper lots of organizations are engaged in litigation hospitals universities American bar and it's too restricted to say judge should not speak to those groups but others told the times that scolias speech went against judicial guidelines and instructed just to avoid actions that would create unreasonable minds a perception that the judge's ability to carry out judicial responsibilities within integrity impartiality and competence is impaired. I thought we already had that in his case. Under no matter where he speaks the urban family council is challenging a fellow office city statute granting rights to gay domestic partners that case could possibly end up in front of the Supreme Court. The dinner was answering honoring Anthony Bevelakwa, the anti-gayed bishop of Philadelphia. It's nice to be able to say have a friend like Justice Scalia counsel found a releader when you've been devil and said. The times has previously reported that scolias flew on vice president Dick Cheney's plan to go duck hunting with Cheney after the court has said to the case concerning Cheney's refusal to make public work against from his energy task force. It did not involve the lawsuit against the Cheney's a private individual scolias said when asked about the triplies month. This was a government issue. It's acceptable practice to socialize with executive branch officials when there are not personal pains against them. That's all I'm going to say for now. Quack, quack. Cheney was also a speaker at the University of Kansas Law School. Let me say it again. Cheney was also a speaker at the University of Kansas Law School. Was it with its dean? While it's dean, this is not my mistake. It's their bad on CBS.com. Shame on you. While it's dean was a dead of two cases before the high court. I think try wrote this. Scalia was the subject of conflict of interest allocation during the 2000 recummed the sputty at one son at the law firm that handled the Bush campaigns, argument to the Supreme Court, and another son in the firm that led to the Republican court battle in Florida. It is the center of the Saudi Arabia, Rohings Scalia said the court is largely signed on the so-called homosexual agenda and has taken sides in the culture war. Scalia who turned 68 this Thursday was appointed by the Ongst's right wing president, Reagan in 1986, but Ronnie says don't play me. I forgot about it. He's a crap. Just you remember how they made they minimize the thing with CBS and the Reagan many series how they try to poop who that happened in the so very little. See how this all fits together. I am sure how it all fit together very neatly now. Like one big nice ball of wax. Speaking of ball of wax, I did that thing in with a log on the floor. Hey listen, it's just a force to have it, okay? Plus the fact that it's a Todd Rickspot, I may have been something sublittle too, you know. I might have a little son to do with it. All of a sudden, they shouldn't take it out of me account. They can't pick their own AE. I was taken before, you know, Adam is our only human salesperson. Would you agree with that? Yeah. So far. Yeah. We have a sales. How many people in sales? About 30 minutes. We have one who's like qualifies even as a member of the human race. We rest in light, Troy. Wow. Usually until all of a sudden, I, somebody got to my thing. I think it was a little, uh, the little rub up he had with screw-in. I mean, run up 1257 at 560 WCM. It's the last mortgage you'll ever need. It's the only one mortgage from financial group. The benefits are incredible. Your pay zero closing costs. Zero application fees. Zero credit bureau fee. Zero discounted points. So get yourself that new low interest rate of just 1.25%. If you have 100,000 loan, your payments are a mirror 334 bucks a month. If you have a 200,000 loan, your payments are just 668 a month. I know forget once you be fine, and so get you new home mortgage from financial group, you'll never pay closing costs again. So column toll free. 1, 866, 395 land. To get the new low rate mortgage you deserve, then move on to your next property. With no further cost of expense. You pay zero underwriting fees. Zero dock fees. Zero closing costs even when you move to another property. Good you suffer an unbelievably low rate of just 1.25%. With the only one mortgage from financial group for details, column toll free. No obligation call 1-866-395 land. That's 1-866-395 and the R&D, the R&D housing lender, restrictions apply right something to change monthly 4.21 APR. Oh my favorite Republican. This is not drawn. At his time, 4-11 skills may upload. It's time once again for the Neil Rogers. 1-2. Now, you'll be thinking as a result of a wardrobe malfunction, then you may be eligible to collect millions and damages from Janet Jackson. To use some from any of the following statements, I type of fairing at your TV from 4 inches away. I'm going, bye. Carpool Penel Scenjoff from rewinding your TV over and over and over again. Oh, whoa, Mipplefishing, donara! Oh, shaping. Then joined the crash-action lawsuit against Janet Jackson. Oh, this Jackson if you're asking. They Janet Jackson's downfall. Oh, win for you. Call 1-800-188-9! Now doing Janet Jackson is not a substitute for getting a like getting off your button, getting a job. 1-1 at 5-60WQ and we got 786, I don't think we're going to make that thousand No, don't. Why isn't the public up and arms about the government's efforts to stifle free speech even on this poll we're not getting our usual phenomenal response that even emotional uh, uppouring from the audience? Because they're too stupid, I understand it, $2.93. Because freedom of speech is just to say in America $143, because the media is mostly ignoring it $143. Because they don't give it $183, because they're lazy $79, and because they don't have any leadership $45.786, we need $214 by a two o'clock. Can we do it? No. Good luck to you Josh. By the way, the good news for Josh is that it is they do solo show on QM tomorrow. He's got a Marlon game $12.55. We're going to make it easy for you. We don't want to give you the whole four hours, you know, I handle by yourself. Marlon's at the Metz in Port St. loosely, baby, and it says after the baseball game down my schedule, Hank Goldberg at the American Airlines Arena tomorrow. But I think it's going to be at the arena, or maybe not. I don't know. And then we got the Panther game here in Toronto tomorrow night at the ACC. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T line. WQA and hello. Neil. Yes sir. I'm so much surprised by the app that said it we want to apply today, but there's something that surprised me even more. I'm wondering why we're all these high profile attorneys like Ellis Ruevin and Roy Black and Barry Shekhar in not getting a civil class action on this whole censorship thing. Well, I'll also hope that his two busy making himself a hero with the ugly people that he used to despise. He's the new hero game marriage in software. Well, that's right. I'm deaf. I feel the SK guys always jumping into cars to the lead. But it was what actually ECLU? I mean, this is a civil liberty issue. This caught me. I don't know. It was very interesting this morning. They had some former clear channel shock-jock was a Logan described him who got suspended, but they just put him back on the air in a California market. Yeah. And of course, while he said that, you know, I don't feel bad for how it's dirty. It's not my idea of the kind of shock-jock, but I think it's wrong because what's happening to him is the government without really registering what can be on the air is forcing what can't be on the air with these punitive penalties. Uh-huh. Somebody needs to bring the definition of all this before the United States Supreme Court. Oh, good luck to us. I'm sure Justice Scalia will be delighted to go over on that. Well, I'll let you talk about on the next duck hunting trip. Right. Right. It's just curious that we're all the muscle that's behind some of these groups. Nobody started the idea of bringing a class action suit before the courts. Because it's the first amendment issue. Yeah. Well, maybe we can find some other publicity on. I mean, some other great defender of our feeding circle. We're like to was, Pally. Thank you. See you. 567.0560. Pound 560 on a AT&T. See, uh, there's nobody coming forward for Howard Stern because, uh, you know, the media always is a ripperman ass. Oh, he's vulgar. He's crashed. He's grotesque. So they have come forward for people like him. Or for me, or for anybody else or Bob and Tom or love love love love love love the Bubb sponge. 567.0560. Pound 560 on a AT&T and see. And meanwhile, and just just like always happened every single time. Greg weed manages to to clench defeat from the jaws of a previous man has got the biggest death wish of anybody ever seen in my life. Does he mean he could he could screw up the Pope? Does it just amazing? Are we ever are we going to ultimately have a final this position? How what's going on with Hank or not? Who are you asking? I'm asking, uh, just I'm just talking about. You know, I saw him morning. He let me in. I forgot my card. Maybe he knows. Ask the janitor. Maybe he probably knows more than we do. W2QM. Hello. And we'll have a great thing. Whatever that was. W2QM. Hello. Oh, yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. Could you play? I have my father's name. No, can't. 5605056 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line. In fact, no matter what you want to hear, you can't play it. Okay. What's the plan? By the FCC. W2QM. Hello. Okay. Hank gets the standard because he hates women, isn't it? Neil. Yeah. That must be it. Go. He hates screw-and-win against all the rest of us, too. That's why. Fuck. 5605056 on a AT&T. He made it was on a screw-and-smitty, uh, friends. W2QM. Hello. Yes, sir. Bad phone. Yeah. Sorry. I'll tell you something. They got this speaker. Uh, Senator Kerry just stopped for lunch at a deli in Del Rey. Oh, great. Man, pick it up where West Park left off. Now, he got a pustromy sandwich on the way. Oh, I'm green. How right? This is your friend Barry from Boko. How if you have a great day Neil? Okay. Barry, thanks very much and don't identify yourself. Have her again, please. 5605056, the on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line. That was my friend Barry from Boko. They used to call me at home, uh, you know, and brag about how we knew my home phone number. 808 votes. What? That's a true story. Oh, me. Just a bug. Me and then just play mystery, man. Just, uh, you know, Barry, you're not my friend. Okay. Just go away, Barry. That's just going away. Get lost. 808. What do you think Josh, can we do it? Can we make that thousand? No. Why do you say that? We're going to have to make some moves. They're making a move right now. And when they get done, then they're going to go to their computer. Now, everybody's got a PC in there. And I'm in a magic rule. And I have a laptop. No, geez. There he goes again. That's a charge. I disobey any relationship with what he just said. Okay. That sounds like excritory activity to me. Cut it out. Cut the crap. Oh, that. That he can way him. Hello. You, am. Yeah. Oh, I'm sorry. Oh, be sorry. Oh, my name is Mark. Oh, my, I'm the air. Yes, Mark. Sounds just like you. Oh, I'm sorry. You know, I got that saying you're sorry. What are you sorry about? Anyway. I also post, where do I post this? I'm kind of a psychic. You don't know. I just punch you up in your there. It's all. Thanks. Um, you know, I was wondering. Did you first, just people, I've heard a couple of people ask you like, where's the ACLU? Yes. To be honest, you know, infinity. If it wants to fight the FCC, they have the resources to fight. ACLU is more designed for people who don't have the resources. Yeah. You know, when the government falls on a small person, if there's a teacher in Mississippi, you get fired for mentioning the word evolution. Right. She doesn't understand that. But this is this is such a greater issue that the above and beyond any individual company, addition, which when they want to just arbitrarily create these, these wild, uh, finds that the prohibitive. I mean, you know, infinity, you still always pay the fines. You know, they paid a million here 500,000 there. But when they want to impose fines, they're like multi multi millions that could put people out of business. Uh, infinity now is reduced to the level of virtually everybody else. Well, I understand, but I'm just saying if they wanted to challenge the new, you know, procedures and core, they have the resources to do that. And I would, I would that the ACLU would file, what's called the deemicus brief and the right. Your favor supporting them. So I don't think infinity is going to do that. I think they finally have gotten to them. I think they've pushed them because if they don't forget infinity is owned by a via com, which is CBS and they just have too much at stake, too much to lose. Oh, yeah, they are on a number of fronts. Right. You know, I was wondering, have you investigated getting Canadian citizenship, are you just living in Canada? Well, I mean, I'm still US citizen and I live, uh, you know, in Miami part of the time. But I would like to get out of the US permanently. Would it please me know and in fact, when I retire, I'm going to look into it. I mean, is there a way to get do I just know if you had looked into it at all, do I can 80 and I'm not really, I talked to a couple of people about it. But once once I'm through with this crap, I mean, this is a fine career mine at, uh, I'm going to check it out. Well, look like you're getting out of like exactly the right time. Yes. But more years of having to put up with this stuff. And one last question, I know there's a number of bits now you can't play. Oh, man, how many of them? The master of understatement, like how many thousand? Not 30, man. About 30,000 that we can't play. I'm assuming a lot of those are are are Boko buy and really a bit. I mean, this could be an opportunity for him. I, you know, I don't know whether on your website or whatever to to market some of you know, put them on CD or I suggested that a couple of weeks ago, I suggested that we take all of the band bits. Of course, at that time, we just did the beginning of all their stuff coming down. And I thought it was going to be about a hundred bits and we could put like two this time or something. And now it's going to be thousands. So I guess we could do like a different one a month. How people would say a big money to get the rest of tuition song and condolese uh, yeah, and in all those classics. So oh, well, good luck to you Neil. How many of those? Thank you so much. 567.560 pound, 560. Condolese and of course, that was the beginning of it for us. Oh, not the very beginning, but I mean, that was from a much broader perspective. That was the beginning of this new right wing crackdown. We're going to come down on everybody. And if you know, who's step along, man, if you're not a bushlicker, then you're going to get big tourists. We're going to come and find you fifty trillion dollars an hour. And it's so ludicrous that it's insanity. It's like it's a whole country's gone crazy. As they sit around a table somewhere, uh, what would have been like fat stogies? And they just started to probably laugh and harasses off, making up these numbers. Oh, it's not going to be, it's not going to be 275,000. How about a half a million? Per violation. How many zeros can we fit on this page? So in other words, if you should do something like five times that was four and a half. There you go. So that's two and a half million bucks right there. And that's just for starters. And the public sits back, but we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we like that. All the trite cliches of history, man. Oh, we must never happen again and how did people allow this to happen? And if we make the same mistakes and we don't learn from history, all is crap. Just talk. Talk is cheat, baby. Except on this show. And by the way, payday is on, uh, Wednesday clearance. Do something useful. Okay. Please. That's about all he can do. Besides servicing the beast. That's about the only useful thing that clearance can do is get that paycheck there on time. Get it in that box, baby. Just have the money delivered, uh, hand over to my fist. How are we doing here? We've got a shot, 836. Now, I think we got a shot. We can get to 900 by, um, bottom of the hour. Everybody who's listening, get to that computer and vote 2, 3, 4, 5 times. And then take a look at the downtown Julie Brown behind the beaded curtain of course. Oh, you wait, Neil. We're going to get the internet next. It's going to be a cable TV. And then it's going to be satellite radio. On you perverts out there. You're not going to be in. See just coming back from Europe. This is like such. It's just, uh, mind boggling. You know? Being in Berlin, Amsterdam, or everything is just wide opening to turn on your TV and there's like all kinds of x-rated stuff. And over the air television, we're not even talking about cable. And the world isn't coming to an end there. The only thing they're all agree on is, uh, no bush, no bush, no mull. Get rid of them. No mull bush. The world is a crappener pants. How we can survive another four years of this fascism, this creeping insanity. Hey, if you're in a dead end job, if you're underpaid and overworked, how'd you like to have yourself a new high-paying career? But you don't have to spend four years in college to get the training for it. You don't have to spend all the money for college. I have to do is make one easy phone call to our friends at fast train. Call them at one eight six six fast train because they can have you train and certified for a high-paying computer network professional career. And there's a little for four short months. And anybody who's handling a, uh, a handy over there account to the top wreck, they ought to be certified. You think? Absolutely. You can be fully trained already for that new career in his little sporeshard months. Like I think I just had only moments ago on fast train offers dating. We can classes to fit around your schedule. Fast train offers job placement as systems financially for guys who qualify too. Fast train has got seven convenient floor to locations to serve you as well. So there's about to be one fairly nearby you. So don't wait pick up that phone call fast train today because in just four short months, you'll be on your way to turning your life around having a new high-paying computer career. Call at tool free number one eight six six fast train or check them on at worldwide wickedweatherfastrain.com. Don't delay call them today one eight six six fast train. Michael Palman and all with a move that and let me find every time that you show that. The mind of a five. From that violin to good, but safe, it's so bad. We've been grandtracker milking alone now. Thanks to the job that we've got from his death. We got a violin step, G.C. Man, you know what the courtesy of the new that G. That's your whole responsibility for your whole mess up. But follow me with this. I don't follow the babysitter, girl, kid. Michael Palman and all with a move that he did the life when he saw when he sat on an important with a violin in backman. If you were to take it from a boobie, it's that sad. I'll just wish he'd that like to grant that. Michael Palman and all with a move that Michael Palman and all with a new dad. One 18 right there, Michael. Take a look at it. A 160 vote. Now we're you need 140 by a tour clock. We got a shot. We got an outside chance. Josh Curtis maybe making his first solo debut filling in tomorrow. We only got two hours and fifty five minutes like we said. Got the marlins and the mets and ports in loosely. That estimation baseball gets some real big numbers. You know, that's really good stuff. So give it a shot on the arrages.com. Take a look at downtown Julie Brown. If you're with the age of 40 and when you're too doing that, take a puke and our pool and vote on it. Please. This is a nice facts here. Who's this from? We don't know. But it says, what a great letter from Bet Midler. Bravo. It says this is a letter from a bet Midler to President Bush. I think it's amazing. Says this facts here. Your president Bush today you call upon Congress to move quickly to amend the US Constitution and said in federal a stone illegal definition of marriage. I would like to know why. In your speech, you stated that this amendment would serve to protect marriage in America, which I must confess confuses me. Like you have believe in the importance of marriage and feel like we as a society take the institution far too lightly. In my circle of family, friends and acquaintances, the vast majority of married and divorced some more than once, still I believe in marriage. I believe there's something fundamental about finding another person on this planet with whom you want to build a life in family and make a positive contribution to society. I believe that we need more positive role models for successful marriage in this country, something to counteract images we get a burden with in popular culture. When we're assaulted with images of celebrities of varying genres via actors, sports, figure socialized, or even politicians who shrug marriage on an off and like the latest fashion, it's vitally important to the face of our nation for our children, our future, then we have a balance of commitment and fidelity with which to stay off the negativity. I search for these examples to show my own daughter so that you can see that marriage is more than a disposable whim despite overwhelming evidence to the contrary. As a father, I'm sure you face these same concerns and difficulties in raising your own daughters. Therefore, I can also imagine you must understand how through life been over the path you wish to come home and turn on the news with my family. To finally have concrete examples of two commitment on this love instead of past fidelity was such a relief in joy. Instead of speaking in the hypothetical, I was finally able to point to these men and women standing together for hours in the pouring rain and tell my child that this is what it's all about. Forget Brittany, forget Toby, forget Strom, forget about all the people we know who've taken so previously, purviews, purviews, the pure and simple beauty of love and tarnished it so consistently. Look instead of the joy and the beautiful faces of Del Martin and Phil's lion, 51 years together, I mean honestly Mr. President, how many couples you know who are together for 51 years? I'm sure you agree that this love story provides a wonderful opportunity to teach our children about the true meaning and value of marriage. On the steps of San Francisco City Hall, Rose petals in Champaign, suits and veils, horns honking and elation in the estates, a celebration of love the likes of which the society is never seen. This morning, however my joy turned to sadness, my relief transformed into outrage and my peace became anger. This morning, I watched you stand before this nation and be little these women, the thousands who stood with them and the countless millions who wish to follow them. How could you do that, Mr. President? How could you take something so beautiful, a clear and defining example of the two nature of commitment and declare it to be anything less? What is it that validates your marriage which somehow doesn't apply to Del Martin and Phil's lion? By what power, what a 30-year-use, so that, finally, in view that you can stand before me in this nation and hold their love to a higher standard? Don't speak to me about homosexuality, Mr. President, don't tell me that the difference lies in the bedroom. I would never presume to ask you or your wife how it is you choose to physically express your love for one another and I defy it a stand before Del Martin and Phil's lion asked them to do the same. It's none of my business as it is none of yours and it has nothing to do with the sanctity of marriage. I'm sure you would agree that marriage is far more than sexual expression which is high time we all started focusing on all the other aspects of relationship which holds together over the course of a lifetime. Therefore, with the mechanics of sex set aside, I ask you again, what makes a marriage? I firmly believe that whatever definition you derive, there are thousands of thousands of shining examples free to embrace. You want to protect marriage, I admire and support that, Mr. President, together as a nation let us find and celebrate examples of what marriage should be. Together let us take couples who embody the principles of commitment, fidelity, sacrifice and love and hold them up before our children as rule models for their own futures. Together let us reinforce the concept that love is about far more than sex, despite what popular culture would like them to believe. Please, for the sake of our children, for the sake of our society, for the sake of our future, do not take us down this road. Under the guise of protection, do not support divisiveness. Under the guise of unity, do not endorse discrimination. Under the guise of sanctity, do not devadue commitment. Under the guise of democracy, do not encourage the cement that middlear. Nice. You go to that. Is it going to have any impact? No, no, not on the bushmaster because he too busy pantering all those goodly two-chus religions out there that Jesus Christ is man. The Bible says this, he made Adam and Eve not Adam and Steve. Let's see, what can us the masses do, says this facts. I have two of our kids in our life their works nights. Since I'd like to take to the streets of his mom, my hands are tied. Maybe I could hire a Haitian maid to watch my children hire beeslee to make my money all to apply by exponential numbers. I would join a massive demonstration, but I can't. Well, eventually become a grassroots movement from the youth of students, Kent State. It will happen, but we have to reach the children so that 18 year old can carry guns in America. What does that mean? Damn, I was hoping you could explain it. We have to reach the children so that 18 year old can carry the guns in America. Oh, well, I see. Not best to express that in the end, but I think I'll catch the drift. And anyway, I tell you one thing you can do right now. I say goodbye to ClearChannel and South Florida. And they will see my be listening. Find out what your ClearChannel stations are in your market and just turn them off. Say goodbye to ClearChannel. Bye-bye. See ya! And if you don't know, the stations are in South Florida, just look on our website. As you're perusing and going to vote and take a look at downtown Julie Brown. 887. 113 to go in 36 minutes. Can we do a Josh? Sure, why not? You also have to enthousiastic? No, seriously. We've done better than that. 113 in no 36 minutes. That's how many two is 72 by three minutes. Piece of cake. One every 20 seconds. On theorages.com. And like I said at the beginning of the show, and even a couple of colors I mentioned, what why in George told me this before the show today? Because I was wondering, I mean, you know, I can't listen over there when I am in the internet cafe. There's no audio. So I can just go online and see what the polls are and we'd the different stories what's going on. And I was wondering to myself, what in the world how can you possibly be handling this? Because, you know, my vacation just happened to drop into the time where you can't say anything anymore. You know? Yeah. And knowing you, but if I'm out the, uh, Cretan, you are a potty mouth. Right. The filthy brain. Wow, 11, uh, filthy potty mouth. Spick was going to burn in hell. I'm wondering what the hell is he doing for a show. And then George tells me this morning, I know what he would be to care. I tried talking about this. And everything to care. I just preached the word of the Lord. Oh, seriously. I mean, what is that all about? What does it take to make people understand? And I'll say it again. It isn't about Howard Stern. Okay? It's about Howard Stern and everybody else. That's the problem. I mean, Howard Stern is best. You know, he's the best example of it. But it's about him and everybody else. It's going to take box cars. 26 past one. If I had 60 WM, we got the Mad Dog at two. Kim Boe camp or in four up. And for the afternoon, from Schuyllis, day two. Seriously, if we, if we have another major QM crisis on our hands now over an incident, so at least from what I'm hearing. I wasn't there. I didn't see it. You didn't see it. But the so relatively meaningless. How is it possible that people can keep shooting themselves in a feet over and over and over again? Oh, Greg, how can you keep doing it, baby? 26 after one. I came like I think I said only moments ago. That'll make those nothing's more important than to safety your family. Unfortunately, thousands of Americans die every year in home fires involving mattresses. A common myth is that these are careless cigarettes but statistics show for sure that the vast majority of these fires are started by children playing with matches. Surt and now offers a new line of fire retardant mattress is called fire blocker to dramatically slow the spread of fires and give families critical time to escape. There are also more comfortable durable and supportive than ever. So you won't sacrifice comfort for safety. According to the new regulations, all new mattresses will be fire retardant within a year until then. Surt is the only major brand exceeding this fire safety standard today. And dialometres is the only retailer can deliver a new certified fire blocker to you today. All you have to do is make that one easy call. I've been telling about these folks for years. 1800 mattress for same day delivery. dialometres has got sort of fire blocker in the traditional double-sided design so you get two bets for the price of one which double the protection. dialometres takes your family safety seriously and is proud to be among the nation's first retailers to offer you this new line of fire blocker mattresses. So call them today and sleep well and great tonight and for a long time to come like I've been doing for years with our mattresses. Call 1-800-MATTTRAS or check them out online at Alex Benis-Ceak K. Nick Lawrence got a shipping mic. Lawrence got a smart sermon and make me. Oh, gal bright Coleman Chandler sending deal with the one that went wild Steve Stanton forget Bill White. Oh, share my honing Johnny Doe and A-Wayne F.D. name is Skobo and Hummel Stan major darky McIntyre. Surprise fairy Larry Fumilk honey, though sharing presents don't have sisters with you and the Fairfax. We can't forget the people. Though we try to hide them and forget we knew them. They used to work inside us even though this time they made us lose our minds and we bear a wick out when Tim Dean Gary Boost Jeff Clark Johnny darkens Joseph Gack. Oh, hey, Goldberg McGream Marvin Roman War. We've stuffed me Lewis Quinn and we're still forgetting it's food. These are all the people who are still here working and Neil's still working. We are all the people who are out there living just to lay the living. I would like you to let me know what it's like. What's up, John? And we're out there giving the domain call and we are. Well, guess what, Pet Miller didn't write that. It was written by a blogger named Steph says the Eric. Oh, now you tell me. So I could just see the headlines all over the internet tomorrow. Neil Rogers first he had Katherine Harris dead and now he makes him a state that been to the world that it was a great letter. What can we just make who wrote it when he came right down to it. I wrote it. I think Eric wrote it. Here's a fact that says I don't know who wrote it because it doesn't have it. It says name with self or fear of prosecution and rightfully so. It says I just mentioned this in passing my attempts to listen to Howard Stern from the measly station in four miles are not sorted by geography, but instead by a gigantic pirate radio station with uninterrupted coverage from Miami Beach to Girl Springs and beyond. The station regularly advertises parties as a large following of lower listeners and callers. So the possibility that something in decent whatever that moving target lands means today may be getting out over the people's airway of somewhere clearly takes precedence over every other task on the FCC's to do list. Now you're catching on. I have, by the way, written to everyone in their grandmother regarding misnazading movement. The need to remove all clear channel stations from radio presets and stop patronizing their advertisers name with health for fear of prosecution. Just say goodbye to Chris channel. Bye bye. That's the message to Pete Bolger and Lauri Maze. Bye bye. Holy Maze. Bye bye. John Hogan. Bye bye. David Graham. Bye bye. Paul is going. Bye bye. We're going to leave off. Oh and what's your name too? What's your name? Bitch. Ron or think we'll all think. Red think. 560 pound 560 on the AT&T. I ever mentioned that this business really blows that mentioned it. Not about 30 seconds. Good news though for Josh. Josh is going to have a few more days. I think the polish up is a broadcasting skills because we got 935. We got a real shot now and you see you're a little faith. He doesn't understand the power of the show yet. He's a very good show. I'm very happy. Have you heard somebody's got to be contrary, gratuitously. I see. Are you mean you're not doing that anymore? Josh, I hadn't noticed. 943 we only need 57 votes to get to a thousand during the show which we do every now and then. In fact, this is becoming more regular. Isn't it? First of all, since we have those very tasteful pictures on there are beaded curtains section. Yes. It's not a part of our website. So that wasn't written by that that midler so but it sounded pretty good. It was good sentiment and it killed some good time. 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon line. QM hello. Oh, New. Yes sir. Oh, help you show out today. Kind of really blows. Yeah. But you know, you can't help it. You come and ask the George. God. Yeah. We hate George. So what do you got for us today? So that's so good with considering the rest of our show blows. Nothing obviously. Nothing. Moron. Jackass. Clown. Idiot. Simple. 560560. I got news for us sir. What you're getting out of this show today is more than you you deserve. But that's how Florida for you baby. Never gonna change. Like them billboards though. I go on Greg. You idiot. WQN hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. I forgot one category on your app all. And what was that? They're too afraid to say anything. Really? Yeah. Okay. They're afraid to repricutions from what what might happen as they speak out against it. I'll be damned. I think for a minute maybe their phones have been traced like yours is right now. 560560 pound they're out of material this audience. Okay. I really thought that you won't warn me you told me I wouldn't listen to you. I'm stubborn. I'm a stubborn old Neil. Good thing that we got that short show tomorrow at Marlon Namesh came on. It's gonna have a big big audience man at Marlon baseball. We love the Marlins. They are the champs. I get the cramps. Oh yeah. 943. Let me refresh that baby one time. We got 25 minutes to go here. I don't want to count our chickens before they hatch. We got the mad dog. Jim Man is you too. Rascal on a year. Rock one thing. All your favorites seem to be disappeared like crazy here at this of Venice. 954 like full-an-off a log man 46 to go. No, no sweat. That's only like more than what? 25 and not even two a minute. Oh we could do that. WQM hello. Uh, can we get for a little back? Now we can't get for a little back. Okay. Can you get for a little back? Let me say it again. Even though the guys in the Uphorella we had a spy report on Feral Atlanta who's just to talk about what kind of dog he's gonna get and who keeps saying he needs the money and he's apologizing he can't say this. He can't say that and that was the problem in the first place. Yeah, you get for well back. Right. There you go. That might be the answer. Huh? Maybe Greg is gonna bring Feral back to do after no matter how how many minutes will that land? About 30 minutes. Well, the first big rack and big D in total of those goes on a year. Nobody QA and hello. How are you doing now? Okay, sir. I'll now show with George and son. Yeah. Really kick butt. I'm right. They should they should keep him on with George. I already like George and show what it made even better. Well, sorry. Look, if they would pay to guy a few bucks, that's your only reason. So I think you're gonna put George with feed him every day he would show up. Oh yeah. And by the way, the agnostic things. Yeah. It's just, you know what the definition is? scared at you. Right. And care. Yeah. I also had. That's a shot at you, George. Yeah. Yeah. My word. He's always told you then the first place. So you're wrong men's Jose, but whatever you want to say. Right. Two cares. He agnostic's in the atheist. Don't have an argument. Those other people. Right. That's right. We're not trying to force it down anybody's throat. Okay. And the belief either. Oh, there you went again. See? You just came. I think there was triple on time. If you let's talk very some on you probably wondering how come I play that old Mitch Lewis, but why did you play that old Mitch Lewis bit? Because it was in there. Oh, and it doesn't you know anything needs to be bleeped. Oh, yeah. What was all you about? How many are left in there? Out of 5,000. But you can still play that. I think that would be a lot of Mitch Lewis because he's we do and that thing for us. And because he's such a genius. Right. Go in a great guy. Right. And we had, you know, and there were a lot of Amos grubble. Jose of grubble. What was that name on there? Amos grubble. Who was the engineer or something? Yes. And I would be noble. Right. Was he bald head of guy? Sure. Really bald. I love his cookies. Oh, this famous Amos. Careful. Uh, I know. You know this guy said famous Amos. You'll see man. I'm going to be so an accepting. It's going to be like somebody sprayed your radio with a list of reen from the inside. That's how an accepting video Roger show is going to be. We're going to be so clean man that it's going to hit the team of bacteriaologist to come in and investigate that fine. Not wrong. squeaky squeaky promise squeaky clean 900 and what do we got? 979, 21 to go in 22 minutes. I don't even want to minute your home free man. Although you probably want to do the show tomorrow. Jose can forward to it. Where are you? To bed. W to you. M. Hello. Yes, yes, sir. I was rocking a magraka group. But that's I'm a liberal Democrat, but I should give aside. Right, right, right. Yeah. And that's what I can see again. What he says. Bye. Bye. I like that part. But anyway. I know he saw this week. But Lawrence or Donald, you know, is that crap? Right. So he said I remember saying this two years ago it's a giant carry will win. He winning two years of today will win the nomination. Yeah. That's all right. Been drinking too much smoke. Whatever whatever whatever. Who him or you? Yeah. No, no, I'm not actually on paid medication. I see. But that'll hold me. No. It's true. And closing yes. In closing he predicted that John Kerry would win the election. All right. That's for the good news. Well, it's good. I mean, Kerry, you know, he bubbed. This is me often many, many ways, but we're not going to get perfect. We're not going to get what we will hope for. All we're going to get is a big improvement. And maybe like like I said a buffer, right? Everybody needs a buffer. Yeah. That's a buffer. In fact, we always say an issue. Don't take beer. Take buffer and if you're suffering, take buffer and huh? Beard. Don't rhyme with the suffering. I'll let you know how to inflict it. 20 till 2 at 5 60 WQM. If you're looking for a photo original gift for somebody's birthday in New Baby or maybe for a Saint Patty's day. Just send it a beer. Graham from Vermont Teddy Bear just called toll free. 1 800 829 bear in a friendly bear. Councilable Hupy choose more of our hundred beers personalized for your loved one and delivered in their famous gift box with a free card and chocolate to you can choose from bears like the new baby bear with a baby's name in birthday to embroidered on the bib. They have some lucky bears for Saint Patty's day too. Like the new leprechaun bear and the Irish bear with a kiss meat hat too on his arm. That's his arm. Over 9 Saturday delivery guaranteed so call 1 800 829 bear or shop online at Vermont teddy bear.com. Show your care send a bear. They create of the much appreciated alternative to flowers for any occasion. That's 1 800 829 bear. Be sure and tell them that old Neo-Turde did you call while we still have time. 1 800 829 BE AR. So pal, it damn your kill them. Here's another one we can still play today. You have a brand new style too. We love the way you plug your new with the big bea and your chest and pull through to my chest. We'll find you those two are great. Who's with the speed of the sound? Take the bad guys straight to hell. When a building starts to flow with all these enemies out, your crushing fire will fly far. 1 4 5 5 60 WCM kiss your radio. That's all I can tell you man kiss your radio while you're still in kiss it. You know what? According to the prints dot or aside, that midward did write that letter which was apparently passed out of their concert. That's what it said in the beginning in thing which I failed to reach. He passed out to everybody within the concert. So she did write obviously she wouldn't have written it. Why would she have passed it out? Right? All these nitpickers out there. Well she did this. Aera Kabugov. Okay, he's all I could work he did before with those third channel stations on there. He's undermining himself a little bit now. Of course he's busy and that beaded section behind the beaded development rope. What is this say? Florida General Manager Rick Dudley says there's a fair chance forward Valerie Brue will be dealt by the deadline two day. Well let's see it tomorrow. That's right March 9th trading deadline. Well it's not exciting anybody excited about the panels. They'll be here tomorrow night Jeff. We're going to be here. We're trolling for free food in Toronto. Actions taken by Echo Star's dish network may result in WFOR signal ding remote from your dish network service. CBS and WFOR deeply regret any inconvenience to our viewers. We're continuing to try all and by the way, we're over a thousand votes easy. We made it easy Josh with a segment to go. Huh? You have a little faith. All right. Thousand and thirteen. Let's talk about Danny Marino. How's he doing in that new position? Is a dolphin guy? I'm right. I'm sorry. We remind our viewers that our signal remains available over the year as well as from direct TV and your local cable operator. The section may also affect other via comments channels on this network such as Nickelodeon and Comedy Central. Call this network now at 100-333-Dition. Tell you why to keep the channels you paid for. We'll continue to advise you to help him. So what's the channel for? So that means that if this day's off there, we don't have to see Angel Array anymore, right? So don't call this network. They made a good choice. Leave it all. Oh, now wait to hear this. From Newsday. A transcripts submitted in the CIA leak probe reveals that the White House press operation began efforts to personally discredit former ambassador Joseph C. Wilson these before a columnists blew the cover to CIA officer wife. As newsday reported Friday, a federal grand jury served three subpoenas on a White House in January for Air Force One telephone records and a transcript of a press briefing during the presidential trip to Africa the week before Robert Novak's July 14 column identifying CIA officer Valerie Plain. The grand jury also subpoenaed White House record to staff contacts with a expanded list of more than two dozen reporters who wrote or broadcast about administration concerns over Plain Wilson and a CIA report that rejected rumors erect tried to buy uranium in Niger. The White House Friday confirmed their receipts of Pena's were still in a process of flying fully so it spokesman Scott McColle. Right. The efforts to discredit Wilson came after he went public July 6 with Chrisism or President W. For mentioning the Iranian rumor in January 2003 and instead the Union address which helped make a case for the Iraq war. And he's a pin and you know what really I'm starting to think about that just frost my ass. What? Which you don't see any of it? Any of it on the European news? Anywhere. That whole operation Iraqi freedom. Okay, where did that come from? I think it was called saving face saving a covering your ass. Operation Iraqi freedom and of course the media doodifully said oh absolutely we'll put the big banner up there. We're having this glorious wonderful operations so we can free the poor oppressed Iraqi people. Right. Right. Who are you kidding? Anyway so there's the deal. There are the closet. Much of scumbags. Smirin everybody in her pet and the thing about Howard Sternio. And the beginning I thought maybe that was a little bit of paranoia you know. Yeah, but the fact of the matter is that maybe anybody who's anti-bush won't be under very much longer. Some of us who are broadcasting from outside the country perhaps. Here's your friend Puerto Rican Ralph is pissed off about the Hebrew hammer. It says that we want the Hebrew hammer back. Pronto, Tonto, or World Boycott sporting events. The morning show and the rap party. Or man is hell. And we're not going to take any horses up here. I'm about the the Humphor. If you tune in late, Hank had a cocked Tom's little run in with the screw-in when it carobnoxious sales managerist last Tuesday in our parking lot out there QAM. Words were stained. I guess he went inside the building and then saw her out and further exchanged some words like maybe and then a couple of one or two of those. And as a result it was told to go home. Go home fat man. And he was suspended. Although it was supposed to be a big secret. I guess at the time. And then I guess by the end of the week was supposed to evolve cool off. But evidently not lawyers got involved in Gregory started like again talking through his ass through Barry Jackass in the Harold. Make it all kinds of obnoxious comments. And as a result, the Humphor is I don't know we don't know what to deal with. We know he's not under day. That's a very, very fine gentleman, Kimba Bocaper who's about eight feet tall. So we always speak very nicely about him. But who's a, you know, a fine filling. What's in a great while? I guess it's a best way to talk about Kimba right? A fine figure of a man. A fine figure of a man who's really a very apt to fill in what's in a great while. Like maybe once every few months. Not third man. Every 30 or 20 months. I'm like that. But I'll find I mean huge. Right. That's why we speak very kindly because he could step on you like a net. Just crush your ass in no time. And anyway, we got well over a thousand votes. Thank you very much. We find see we we stirred them a little bit here. 1222. Now like I said, if we don't have 1100 by two o'clock. Oh, why is it the public up at arms about the government's efforts to stifle free space, bump at the love sponge, Howard Stern, Bob and Tom, you name it that bitch out there in California that got canned. What is going on here, man? When things that have been on here for 20, 30, 40 years and more and everybody thought, oh, that's pretty funny stuff. I like it. Maybe I, I don't listen to it, whatever. And I'll have a son if he were going to find your 50 trillion dollars. That's right. And farting. It's smell like a smell bad. It's like an egg fart. Now it's going to be a hundred trillion. Eggfarts are double. They are the worst double trouble and cabbage farts. If you drop a big bubble. Don't not open this too deeply. Okay. See there you go again quadruple on pond. Why aren't they up at arms because they're too stupid to understand the 386 of you said that because freedom of speech is just as saying in America 187 because the media is mostly ignoring at 181 because they're lazy 109. That actually did pretty good because they don't give a Schmidt 100 and 2 and because they don't have any leadership 59. I'm glad to see this audience at least isn't putting the onus on the bonus. Okay. And putting the figure with somebody else saying, you need to lead us down a path of righteousness and bullcraft. Huh? People ought to be marching on Washington right now. They ought to be not just like those lunatic Republicans that invaded the date county. Let us in. Let us see what we're busy rigging in 2000 election. They ought to be marching on the FCC right now. They ought to be like ripping apart Michael Paul's classmate bag as we speak right now. And I but she's got a big one. You see that picture we got on the website. Oh my my my my my my my my this is for 201 because the This is the most disgusting program I urge everyone to complain to this station It's out of pain at CC funds for me feelings are censored my show is now terrible Don't know what you expect me to be I'm doing my best next take me off my show I'm gonna go Every word that I say is under the micro disco I Do you like that I like the profound well, it's burning. I just recorded it during the break myself It's uh, oh I like the way it is there too 156 at 560 W to Q. I'm just a censorship as alive and well America freedom is dead Make no mistake about it to depressing message freedom is dead. You ain't free no more if you thought you were free before we wait Free no more and that's just the way goes Take it or leave it Anyway national standard. This is back from the mmo received from our corporate Mavans of Visly National standard of patent offensive this for those people are trying to understand what is permissible on the year and what is not in order to be found in decent The language involved whether explicit double on town in UN door sound effects Must constitute a patley offensive description or the pitch of sex act organ or exit to a function In determining whether languages patley offensive However, it's important to recognize that local community standards are not you now see this again Just arbitrary. They just change this and was always Local community standards. Is it the message of thing rather now the FCC considers with an average adult listener in the US? You know something like Gilbert Will rely on his own expertise in determining the standards of the average adult listener I skipped of sentence Rather the SEC considers with an average adult listener in the US would find a broadcast matter patley offensive and the FCC will rely on its own expertise And determining the standards of average adults which is code for censorship will decide would just make it up as we go along Gotcha For this reason the FCC is held at actual popularity among adults residing in the market where programaires will not insulate material from finding them in these things In other words, you could have an any share, but nevertheless no matter how many people like you if we don't like it you're screwed How do you like that? I don't For a pilot crap What is this thing you just facts me now the wrong most that soldier for the truth exposing bushes talking points war I just say you the first page not on nine oh There's nine pages what we certainly don't have time today, but I can prove it In fact if I find this interesting I can also get the rest of it online and if night can save a lot of paper Let's go I'll put that in my pile Okay, we got a lot of scrap going on man heavy duty crap. I don't know if I can sit can I say heavy duty stuff going on Why is the public up and arm as when is it what does it take to get the American people pissed off and fired up to get the action to say hey, this has got to stop And I keep coming back to that 10% of that pull we took that day. Well, we don't really we didn't like Howard Stern anyway So we don't care right Howard Stern today Neil Ron just tomorrow the mad dog on Thursday Who knows what it'll be on Friday mother goose fairy tales on Friday? 145 votes because they're too stupid to understand it 396 Because free to the speeches just to say in America 192 because the media is mostly ignoring at 136 186 because they're lazy one 10 because they don't give a Schmidt 102 because they don't have any leadership 59 of a thousand 45 votes when even close Top the thousand easily like I said like falling off a slippery log Mad dog is coming up next to two a clock beyond your best behavior on mad dog We can't afford it lose anymore slots in his line of now it's like a comeback from vacation in like a way to hell is everybody Oh, where is the hopper? The people hammer man. What's going on a QA? Yeah, and like I said I want to make this very infatic whatever he said about screw in I triple lady motion I quadruple it all the plot times 50 million and it's still in enough Kind of a bulk camper for the Hebrew hammer at four I've got your tea a big great life on it He'll be back tomorrow afternoon Pioces gay