But in 2000 we were toasting young people in London. Now they got to conclude and say, Hold that trouble, but just not responding to most of the first news. If anything we can do, man I've been trying to warn everybody in their phones. Oh, someone tried to make them different. So hopefully that's what we're about to do. They waited for the last minute. This is too late now. Oh, I'm a fat girl, who I pour you another go? I'll just be your ace, push out the time. Open, please, I don't be so proud. If they take it to the street and find a fat kid, record it. But no confidence. We should assume that you had tried to take this simple right so as to be. If you talk, we'll be your own day, open, please. 10 or 3 of this time is steak. Oh, the time? Shannon Dordy is our beating curtain. I forgot all about that because we're like way off. We have a routine. Generally we do here in terms of checking this out and checking that out. And get ready to do the show about 10 30, you know, about 30 minutes. 10 45. But when the hoes are not there and they play the tapes, it ends right around 10 o'clock. And so as a result, we'll have to do a little catch up as to reach the high and carry with safe if she ditched last law of Bush one more time. How the making a big deal about that? Oh, well, she said, the wife of a murderer could be really upset. No, they're not. I think the fate of the country should hinge on what these two bitches say to each other. Right. I think that's really what it's all about as to whether the change daughter is a bull-like or whether to reshines carry a much more important award or not. That's the important thing. That's the fact that we sent all these thousands of people over there already over 1100 of them that made into a human sacrifice. Plus, the thousands of innocent people over in Iraq were dying every day. Well, they should have attacked us. Yeah, that's right. I forgot about that. And the fact that the people in the media are telling us like they did last night on Aaron Brown on the whiny, Aaron Brown on CNN, that they can't even go outside to do their job because it's so treacherous and so dangerous. And to quote the words of a couple of the correspondence, we're only seeing the tip of the iceberg in terms of the nightmare that exists on the streets not only a banked but of all the major cities all over Iraq. But how to never let us. They're throwing rock candy at the things that are going really well. All we're fine. We're speaking of rocks. We use that expression borrowed from the man who I've done that a box of rocks. I love that. I can think of so many people who've been in that category. But anyway, boxes of rocks were blamed for shutting down both the north and south on i.e. 95 between sampled and Hillsborough Boulevard Northborough County this morning. And fhp's ghostman be seen. This suspicious package is been discovered about 815 this morning on the highway patrol and the BS. Oh, began shutting down the roadway about 20 minutes later. The bomb squad was called in looking for a bomb agrande. But, well, let's see, the package is responded under the southwest 10th Street overpass. Southbound lanes were shut first, northbound lanes, followed shortly after 9 a.m. I'm sure we had this all on the air. Didn't we? There are some of our news updates during the Syrian show. Yeah. Do we do we actually do any like cut ins of anything to an ature just fine? No. So, in other words, the world could be ending. We could have like nuclear bombs falling on a sweet water. What's that came to with lesions? That's true. The closure backed up southbound back to Palmetto Park Road in southbound beach county line. In southbound beach county line. What this is? This is what's the Sunset? Several accidents reported in the southbound lanes and drivers being detoured off the Interstate Hillsborough Boulevard. Several accidents, yeah. Again, accidents that reported the northbound lanes because they just all get wiggied. Highway Patrol Lieutenant Roger Leah said officials openly suspicious boxes In found decorative rocks. Oh my, oh my, oh my, oh my, oh my, oh my, oh my, oh my, oh my, oh my, oh my, oh my, oh my, oh my, oh my, oh my, oh my, oh my, oh my, oh my, oh, my, yeah. Yeah no idea how they got there but sent police did the right thing and Schrecking down the road way until they could determine what was inside the packages. What should the box they should have called in Brad Pitt? Did they use one of those robots to open one of the boxes? To open the decorative rocks. Bomber that obnoxious rocks never had been better than did right now. I did right now. Here's a fact to start my morning today. Also somebody I'm pretty good at recognizing voices somebody came in at this morning who shouldn't have been in there I'm saying I don't want to hear that voice ever again Someone who just continued to disturb again agitating. I'm worried I have to take like legal action Remember what happened when I O.D. got sold a pack and And my good close personal friend Bob Green was going right. Oh, no, hi That'd be really great work. I've never really just passed and I yeah, we're doing that stuff kind of like agitating like rubbing it in rubbing salt in the wounds After they threw us to the walls Little that you realize that eventually I get paid off for seven months for going on vacation. They've never less Just the way some of these people operate just leave me alone miss moth okay Just go do your things sit there play the dump button monkey routine and just leave us alone or do and just fine And the numbers that come in the ratings come out 11 3 this morning with summer reading book There'll be whatever they are with you without you etc. We'll be just fine Because anybody that would be a messenger boy for a crazy person and just go out of their way to agitate and aggrave it I just nobody needs that you know So anyway here we start with a facts from us unsigned of course although this looks like one of the chronic facts Isn't it? Yeah, that's yeah, a lot of our Definitely a regular facet. I was surprised to see you've indicated support of amendment four on the floor About it on your website and it goes on to know that I'm an animal lover in about the dog racing industry Let me say it again for the last time Two separate issues if you want to start a campaign to Vowla dog racing in Florida all over North America That's fine with me. I'll even support it. How do you like that? Because I know exactly what you're talking about but on the other hand to punish the Education system in the state for punish the other fair mutual industry because you got a bug up your ass about dog racing The dog racing industry is the tiniest slice of per mutuals in Florida especially now Thomas Thomas is just an already So to give me a song advance about to begin against amendment four because somehow if you vote against that It's gonna make dog racing disappear, which it won't Two separate issues So this song that is you keep this is about to four time they tried to pedal me I'm enthusiastically in 5,000 percent in favor vote. Yes, amendment four Those evil what are bandits baby the slot machines which only would be at the permutules and money is very specifically Earmark to go on top of all the funds for education not like the lottery which turned out to be a a shell game beaten switch It's written right in the legislation So you read it go on our website read exactly what it says and then I'm sure you'll agree with me We want it badly not not only it not not just because of the gravity was gonna bring in But in terms of the idea when I go out to woodbind and play the slots out there It's better what George says and the course y'all should read with me And the judges gonna give some money The fact that matter is I have a great time. It's it's the people out there of all ages male female young old and between and you'd be amazed how many young people out there plunging their brains out having a great time Yay and occasionally wouldn't a few bucks Yeah, that's right everybody after his gay. We're quite serious on the answer everybody anyway Now that's you. That's I'm sure off because we started to turn a clock on you I'm telling you who do we have we have Shannon Dirty I Does she need an introduction? Well, I killed time talking all about her. Well, I don't I don't have to kill time because we have the ratings coming in 1130 And then I have this long letter that I'm gonna read in fact It's great that it worked out this way because ordinarily I would never have time to read that Senator already not a two one-o scare tactics and How old is she is and how big are they? It's a regular yay big there's air about this big bigger than breadbox Bigger than rock box bigger than a yeah, yeah, boxer rocks in fact speaking of rocks take a look at it I don't let John ask off to your hands moving okay because he gets really pork off when that happens Okay, let's see the pull results from yesterday Try to get this organized here today because we got those numbers coming in 1130 and the pressure's gonna be on Howard Stern and George Yeah, what you think Oh, Howard, it's December the book now. Let's see it's July August and September Those three months And we know we had a couple of pretty good months in July and August and then I came back at the end of August So if I if I held up my part of the bargain and September and if we had a real goose thanks to the stern thing We should be doing just fine here in midday and as far as the rest of the stations concerned and in the morning Should go way up there with a full month of stern a little month plus right? And then of course the mad dog who always just text in with huge numbers By the way, he'll be at the hooters and the pines and to the bathroom the mad dog and hand can any kale be doing They show a colder plunge in their brains. I'll speak in a gambling See I know a lot of the funny studies in the morning again Bible thumb for South there You don't want the slots of the casinos because oh, it's more gambling. We have enough gambling. What's our difference is a make gambling is gambling? Right if you go to church bingo then I can go play the slots or play the ponies I'm gonna be gonna help we want to do okay has no size of the fact that the matter is that it's money That's gonna come in to stay. He's got no freaking idea We're else to get it from so don't get us a song dance about the poor dogs and this and that separate issue How was I just saying Shen Dirty here's yesterday's poor result Which of these best describes George W. Bush? I was predicting the night and of course Now let's see when was Hank serving that grotesque six weeks suspension? That was really bad Totally unacceptable, but I think the last part of this has been back for what about three weeks now? What would you say Josh? That's about right. Yeah, that's about right about three weeks. So most of the last month of the rating period He's been back so the humble who stood up of course. You know who did a pretty decent job in there? Oh, don't do it like in the last What y'all? Don't do it. Who's on yesterday? Our good close friend. Mo the mole man. He's the man of the mole man our main man Right, let's set up the man 2349 votes which of these best described George W. Bush Oh look at that It would mean she'd be able to communicate with her path that poor lady like hair director and Iraq Tating for her life and of course you know we've seen the pattern of what happens right after they played for their life Yeah, it's like oh My god, it's a shepherd Right So we sure hope that doesn't happen because she's a wonderful altruistic lady who's been doing great work over there and That's what's going on because it's a slaughterhouse in spite of what your administration keeps telling you about how everything's going Just fine and we're gonna have free and honest listen on by the way did you see how we almost got it yesterday? Yeah, almost and mozzled and mozzledly there was a you know bumble and off Right next door Kind of like the bomb that went next door to over a sawdom was hanging out that night 2349 votes Dinguit to describe El Presidente say 775 votes. Didn't it? Smirking chimp 633 Commander in thief 354 and now of course it's real easy with the shenanigans that are going on right now to see how clearly they stole the election abroad Day like back in 2000 and of course the ultimate coup de grass was that when we were counting and counting and starting to close her and closer And it final Saturday They said let's go to see daddy's friends at the Supreme Court and they said stop the count now push one face closed I just mentioned that in passing Okay, let's get back to some of these other ones on here commander in three 554 bozo which was a late add-on 245 you don't remember that movie good time for bozo deal with the Ronald Reagan. Oh, did he find so Strong leader 172 Leicero two eagles 130 and resolute 42 So you add together the positive ones of attorney of creeping on this 7.2 14 and a half percent Which means you got 80 five and a half percent negative for you Okay, the last couple days Friends, I wish we left some in his own party now. Yeah, great. I didn't erase 10 14 Let's say do the first break and it's great that we have the format this summer We got a whole four hours to spend together. It's like all times boys and girls. This is really exciting in it Yet screw so talk real slow now Like I've been even seeking one call before the break W Q AM Pretty good pali Hey, listen first of all two things first all with the gambling Absolutely ridiculous so we don't have gambling here you can get on a boat go out a little way And commit their failure. I mean you could do whatever you want out right I mean that's just ridiculous We get nothing from that What's the difference I mean while the double day then how we wouldn't be putting money in Mickey Errsens talk Are we been putting in the estate conference or education those both people are just robbing people blind And we can nothing from a ridiculous they are that human audience. I believe the both people They think it they I'm talking with this young girl Don a little bit about her path and she's telling me how she's voting for Bush them She's such a bush lover and I know you a little bit about her path I go you know what if it was up to him you'd be a mother right now Which you know the bush I'm gonna hear you know I think yeah the abortion like that girl had bush knocked up in Texas and he drove her right to the abortion for it Wow and then she gets all offended people get offended It will cookie you possibly be offended if you're voting for something who supports that yeah I don't understand it did people you know the long-catted all of the long-cab in our publicans actually Supporting Kirino thanks for Kiri so they finally saw the light this is the first time my wife I'm gonna see it up in public I hate Bush. Okay. They like to be a belly vote several times, please. Okay So I told you I've been telling you that for a long time 10 15 at five 60 W Q a m Ammel coast of Florida's best Asian buffet is excited to announce the ravlov lobster festives and I'd or fact it's going on right now as I speak I'm gonna be not right now. I don't open it every weekend The coming and enjoy is much main lobster as you can eat every weekend night That's right all you can eat lobster and nobody else in South Florida would dream of offering it that also the amococcus of a lobster Bisc Jonas Stone crab roasted duck and grilled See emmococcus is no ordinary Asian buffet the service is impeccable and you'll never leave on an empty stomach I guarantee of that point. I got so much food there. It's like walking into a sea of food delicious stuff It's got off of six different great soup sample dozens of circular on phrase like new your strip made order Just the way you like it as well as build salmon and if you still have room sample their hand-type prime hand-carp prime ribbon Their new tie specialies do no MSG no cornstarch They cook only with the best ingredients including cholesterol free rolls too So a healthy for you you'll ever want to let a lot of air with a bad MSG headache because they just don't use it The buffet features a huge salad bar full Chinese food line of a brand new sushi bar and They've also got a full dessert station for your real pigs because at the end of all of these things You'll be have any room left They've had Belgian mothles and pies and cakes pastries ice cream with all your favorite toppings fresh fruit Even we have in watermelomosa the time a perfect ending to a gigantic pig out Emococcus got three locations for you'll find the new original one in sunrise Also now in sunny hours and pepper pines so take the whole family to got some a spasa or book your next business lunch in there right now Take out and delivery always available to them. We're voted number one in town by to get restaurant views and My WSVN channel seven news is self-loaded as best Asian buffet which we all hardly agree Call them at nine five four five seven two thirty eight twenty two nine five four five seven two thirty eight twenty two No forget this weekend and to the end of the month. It's lost to fest that the air mouthcoast Chinese buffet Usually five six Welcome back once again to the How Franklin Sheldt or yet another dazzling array A visual Ampter Tainland a Katherine Lanford is not here at the moment. He is on the phone with Bill Riley I'm gonna go to my I never acknowledge her anyway after all I am the a list name of the Marquis On with the cutting edge radio shall we Joining us today and sitting across the desk from me are the world famous pants of mine team Shields and you are now a welcome to my show now I understand you will perform part of your act for us All just all a press ride if your minds How silly of me Look at everybody there. There's a go It seems they are having trouble walking in place And it's not when the inherited Now she appears to be closing and imagine everything though That how the Most most fun use it most of you now now with one of the always heels or for yarn now Yeah, so well, thank you for that we break already Okay, and now up far be it for me to promote other shows here at Aramaica, but Never the last I Should remind you to tune in to the Janine Virafalo Show tonight where her guests will be her father and her long lost on cold Ophi Then 22 at five 60 W a M. That's my favorite is Franken the stone whatever name He's the best Dority was born April 12, 1971 it makes her 23 last time I took third like I said make her 33 She had born in Memphis Tennessee, Ram's with 33. Yeah, dude. That explains it. She was in nightlight Hell on heels the rendering on other days Satan school for girls striking poses charm the ticket nowhere sleeping with a devil friends till the end friends on your end gone in the night mall rats Well, I hate those on you mall rats Especially when you taking a dump in the public team Almost dead burning passions you ever can ever tell you the story that I and see that day was in on the eighths drawn and it was one of the little snakes Where's that no station was out there in the middle of nowhere out there in Carroll City? I thought of a life of just gonna let it go not to kind of you're thinking about it And we could talk about back in the day, but a little real snake And below I sure finished up business real fast and I tailed it out of there at any rate Here today's pool, but you already got some folks on the reason I was in this pool again even though we've done this before and it's a tough choice Sink their broadcasting is of course back in a way and back in a way and some of their stations that I will show the Not the entire I'll prop again to piece the anti-carry piece that they were going to show But they're having supposedly a Public affairs program doing which they'll show clips from that and in discussion of which they'll brutalize John Kerry Tell everybody he's a bad man and he stole several free trains What media company or outlet is the most unfair and I'm balanced and by the way Deborah Norville who usually I can't stand She had the Lieberman guy that got canned the news guy from Sinkler He was on last night. It was very emotional and very good and then they also made her want to appear together At least they were going to demand a pair with a slime ball from most in clear and they had one of the headhunters from Sinkler broadcasting on there And I was looking for broadcasting loosely and he was just a real weasel and he said well get all it's the It's the silly days and during the campaign and everybody's thrown dirt and there's a you know And after she just ripped him an ass toward the end Let me try to get his excuses in there about it's not propaganda. It's about this not a piece of well It's not the silly season to those of us who take the election seriously most of the American public And I just want you to know that and basically or piece of crap in the goodbye He just said there was draw hanging under with kneecap and he disappeared on the screen That was it my school in Deborah She actually pushed up a little bit Pulled a day what media company or outlet is the most unfair and unbalanced unfair and unbalanced got it I got Fox News so far leaving away. Oh boy. They're off to the races 27. Sink their broadcasting for Clear channel three CNN three CBS three ABC one none for MS and BC and that's because nobody watches it or Or envy see of the first the value of somebody. Oh, I got them all. I mean there's some other out Less you might want to put on there when we eventually get to your calls eventually down the road This letter is a letter written to an open letter to George W. Bush and it's written by Donna Marshall Connor now You had around the year In the past we she called you didn't know she was calling the on-air line, but that happens, you know and very nice lady and you know our heart goes out to her and Nevertheless, right she writes articles Well she's written article anyway. There was some smoking chips that we had on our website and It's long, but we have plenty of time now We don't have to do other breaks to love the NBA or so we got some time thanks to how to be in a way today. Thank you Howard It's a good word and blah blah bui and Arty It's an open letter to George W. Bush on the 33rd anniversary of my daughter's birth from Donna Marsh O'Connor mother of an Esolane Langer Carbid copy sent to Senator John Kerry She says sometimes Mr. Bush. It's the smallest of details that makes everything click the smallest of details right now Mr. Bush. I'm looking at your watch It's an item of clothing accessory and unlike your other costumes. It's one that is particularly revealing On Halloween my daughter would be 33 years old her child would be almost three Seven weeks before her 29th birthday Vanessa four months pregnant ran from the falling towers of the world trade center She didn't make it her body and in the small body of her unborn child was pulled from the rubble of the fallen towers It's a 10 feet from an alley between towers four and five It's important for me to tell you that she was on the phone to ruptown office five minutes after the first plane hit tower one Explaining how she and others in tower two were safe Here is what you did regarding specifically the events of that morning You vacation before during an after August 6th the day you were handed the presidential daily briefing that said very clearly Vanessa Languart many other Americans were not safe After the first plane hits tower one the fact of PDB did not click in your mind because it didn't cause you to act It turned out a television contact the Pentagon you sat so that you didn't fight and you sat so you didn't fight in a group of children You didn't worry about Vanessa's brothers or the young children who would certainly be directly affected by that event You did not like her 14 year old brother rush from your seat and head for a phone desperately trying to reach out to fix to save you sat You said two weeks to the day before the general election of 2004 that you would protect Americans That is according to you your primary responsibility is commander and chief no terrorist would get us No terrorist would attack us you said this with your armor standard and you said on that quote on your watch You said this with no sense of irony no sense no indication of how that text would sound to those who you failed Visibly to protect you never notified officially the airlines flight schools persons are living or work in our tallest structures You failed in your watch and on it Help me to understand this miss the bush because I was looking so closely at your watch Five minutes miss to bush five minutes and at five minutes face my sons lost the best friend of future That included loving sister and her future family and my daughter lost the only thing in life I knew she ever really wanted in fact you stood on September 13th on the rubble that covered my child's bones And you became you moved to have the war you'd been planning since the beginning of your term in office You missed a bush used my daughter's murder to perpetrate the most hideous example of racism with the terrorist of consequences and you did it standing literally on her bones I'm gonna be very honest with you Mr. Bush. I suspect that your probability does not begin with your failures that day It may be improved and to mention this now because evidence is difficult to produce That among of those pragmatists that rely on sub basic fundamentals in crime solving So let me say when a crime is committed we're to find suspects by exploring motive by looking at who had most again You did miss divorce you and your friends at Halle Burton and your friends in Saudi Arabia and you've never answered for this You think with all this happened it would be in order for you to explain all you had come to gain now in the future in terms of both money and power I'm September 11th. I was in Canada when I heard the news I was walking in the street enjoying what was to be the last of purely beautiful Study mornings of my life my cell phone rang and every second after that call was a mix of panic Dred Khan because this couldn't be happening and other absolutely to touch my daughter What would you have done Mr. Bush? What would your instincts have been as a parent? I asked this because Senator Kerry during the second debate mentioned you are good father Are you have you made Americans including your own daughter's safer? Let me tell you what I wanted that morning. I wanted to fly to New York to put my feet on my home soil as fast as humanly possible I wanted to get to an airport and get home not an option for me, Mr. Bush My husband and I just made it over the border before it closed and on that morning when no American citizen was allowed to fly in our airspace On that morning in the mornings to follow Americans were grounded did lawdden's family go flu They flew home to Saudi Arabia before they were vetted by the FBI by the CIA and worst of all Did ever we made to tell the truth about why that was so? I'm sorry Mr. Bush. I'll never understand this never but still your responsibility was then and is not awith-splined it And we'll explain why that watch of you is leading up to the election is still ticking Right now there's a report from the CIA that names explicitly or administrations cupability regarding those events By partisan leaders have requested even demanded that those reports be turned over now to Congress You will according to reports have refused to allow the CIA to release them this is refused to testify under oath before the 9-11 Commission Now Mr. Bush released them before the election Right now Mr. Bush there are widespread rumors of vote tampering all over this country And let me be clear about this the rumors are that Republicans are benefiting from this tampering instead of Enemising our safety's perhaps you could show some leadership Mr. Bush and demand at the tampering stop now demand Mr. Bush the discontree in our in this country our right to vote is protected because without that we're not safe when you agree After the 2000 election Whether we're in Florida widespread problems with voting Mr. Bush voting in African American communities. You also did nothing Absolutely nothing You did nothing to count of the rumors that your brother had that you Florida nothing to smooth over one must have felt to African Americans Even if this was just rumor that painful and absolute clear enactment of racial prejudice not encoded in the ordinary Access certainary citizens the very structure of the government that must be protective of all citizens of this country in the world Why must you vote should you fail to go to Florida to demand that these persons rights were protected or if they're very least to apologize and Dr. Winty that this would never have it again. What does America mean to you? It August of 2001 the United Nations hosted a conference on racism and Column towel your secretary state wanted to attend you didn't allow this because you said we don't have problems with racism in America You see the pattern on point to get here Mr. Bush at each case the problems in this country been An active and exacerbated by you and you've attempted to cover them up. How could you do that to Column Powell? How could you do that to another man? When your children are young Mr. Bush they're often rebellious they often admire you, but they buck you at the same time One way a mature parent feels this love is sometimes in the very ways which you children buck you by using the very part of your example They most admire Vanessa confronted me every day of her life especially on today's when she acted most loving parent child things The kind of things that all some they are made into family jokes when the child becomes a parent and sees that the very methods of touching and teaching and learning come from the actions The parent used without thought I never had that fully with Vanessa that I went to eat consciously because she was parenting herself used my methods on another generation But one day almost there Vanessa said to me Mom you almost made Christmas is at home so beautiful She said and you you always made Christmas is at home so beautiful and she said and you taught us how not to be racist You have no idea mom how much racism there is and white people don't always see it I cannot take it in shorthand Mr. Bush. I'm important it was that she said those words because our lawster because unless she did I would always have wondered Was I in any way that mattered a good enough parent to a woman who would die so young? I can take it some of the methods I eat with Vanessa and her brothers, but let me show you what I did that I had to explain in countable all three of them You refuse when you went face to face with James Verde's daughter You remember him I'm sure he's African American man who said was almost ripped off his body It takes us by three white men who taught him their pickup tuck and for agum along your Texas robe You refuse to sign a hate crimes ability big you crying You didn't even as Molly Ivins reported offer or tissue in that sense, Mr. Bush. Your function is a very hostile branch of government One that we might have predicted wouldn't care if persons of color or persons of the other party would deny the right to vote But then Mr. Bush you this tendency of yours this refusal to get behind the most Americans of the Zaris to eradicate racism By pretending or some have been lawdness the embodiment of Sadah Hussein and vice versa one man equals the other They are both Arabs you own a globinist or bush. You know where Afghanistan is you know where your rack is Have you been there since the war began to was then what you don't these civilians? You were gonna protect I guess he's forgetting about that weird a quick dog and poli show he did with the turkey at Thanksgiving at the airport Stop turkey for about three minutes Interesting detail and perhaps awarding from God the Nessa once you got one of her first jobs Robby a daily planet with a map on it the map on this particular piece of canvas has an incentive at canister To the right of the small countries a larger country Iran and to the right of that Iraq also small even smaller geographically and metaphorically speaking of Afghanistan Just under Iraq written very large on my daily planner is Saudi Arabia You know Saudi Arabia Mr. Bush. I know you do because the families of nine eleven who got together to bankrupt terrorism Those people are bringing suit against the Saudis got no help from your administration none But you should know that a coalition of the will including France Spain great Britain and Germany Have offered to help the families of nine eleven as they try to connect the events of nine eleven of the real perpetrators There are connections between the Saudis and the terrorists the terrorists who know now Now that you've opened up a hidden for terrorism and Iraq are growing in number of resources how much time do you have left Mr. Bush? What is on your watch am I taking too long? Well, it has to be where if an SS birthday this year Mr. Bush when you dress up as a head of the military or a foot soldier of Prince Fandar or Dick Cheney When you wear a white sheet with a cone head Mr. Bush when you pretend you are playing speaking Texas cowboy With your shirt sleeves rolled up for planning happily how safe you'll keep us as your point to your watch When you dress up again as a good Christian when you dress up as a Republican you are you know not a Republican you've shangred Republicans I know one thing Mr. Bush. I'm going to try very hard not to have you dress up any more as commander and chief And more ways than I've articulated here that custom doesn't fit you. I'm a proud American citizen Mr. Bush who discussed it That you try to portray yourself as patriotic you've trampled every value of these and see a merc ever held there You believe in God, Mr. Bush really because to me as a flawed parent flawed person flawed citizen I asked God to help me fix my flaws to forgive me my trespasses and here's what I hear him telling me Don't let him speak for me if you do what it's you who failed to watch over your children you Wow, yeah, how do you do these stuff huh? Great job, Donna Amen The Ohio poll. There's some good news there the daily tracking polls carries a six point ahead is a six or four I don't six They also good there there are some good news into the bad news. That's Lord is back into Bush column According to the daily tracking poll on our electoral a map that we have on our website The Bush is two points ahead How he could be ahead and slower now? How you done their heads out there are good I first of all I don't believe it. I got a great comment about Amy Brezlin Which I think you're really gonna like about and a lot of people have made this point about the cell phone people millions of people who are getting counted on September 15th over 169 million cell phones in America. I just point that out but they will get to that later But how anybody in Florida couldn't be matter than hell, especially after they got a nasally from your right there in broad daylight And of course all of the subsequent things that have happened and the vote tampering that continues to go On in the attempted tampering that are going on right right in broad daylight right in front of your face now The offense to this in franchise anybody now. That's just black people that anybody who might vote against the Bush junta So flagrant so obvious and the purpose of a sit back. I realize a lot of underheads in Florida Okay, let me take a look at that map again. Okay, but the good news in Michigan is they tricked news Did I tell you it was a bogus poll that one day poll and of course CNN was on their trumpeting yesterday Here's the latest poll for Michigan Bush is seven points ahead Michigan. Oh chance He's never been ahead any other poll the Detroit news is 75 yards to the right of a simple and broadcasting ant Fox news How come this map isn't coming up yet my electoral man. He did like it's not it's not it. We're flooding it. Are we flooding it? It's okay. We'll be real out of people are there any rate if you look at the one that was conducted yesterday The latest tracking poll of Michigan It's very what's it about six points six seven points five six seven. Oh five sixty pound five sixty on the Revising in singular wireless lungs we got a hole for our show today boys and girls Oh, it's like old times. Oh, okay, taste of although of course 11 30 when those numbers start coming out Now, what are we gonna say if you do too good of a job in a summer book? It was Howard What are we gonna do if you do a bad job George some George George sucks Yeah, I guess that kind of covers it all the way around because we certainly don't want to give George any credit because we don't like George We hate George we now we hate Neil we hate everybody here at Q. I am because we're just a bunch of evil people WQA and hello Greetings, good to hear you happy Friday, Tally happy Friday and D. Fally Boy, it's a you know, I have me careful if you're right your show when you start reading stuff like that You feel my blood pressure escalating yeah, and You know, I just hope that people If you if you count the balance from last time and figure all those y'all who's vote for Buchanan didn't mean to how is I help to this y'all who wins Florida my kids I can't fire them and I can't accept it Well the greatest is we didn't have one poll yesterday I forget which one it is there's somebody damn polls, but it showed the carry actually taking a one-point leading Florida But I mean what is one point you know, it's all these all are within a margin of error and they're not They're not counted the people that have the cell phones there's so many people who are then not reaching so who knows what it's gonna be and Let's not forget one other thing since the last election They they put in that do not call which pollgers darn affected by that But a lot of people are just hanging up and Are you on a health and recommended to people if you don't like being governed by pollster Mads Candidates, they don't participate in the polls if they don't have good numbers then they can't go by the right I just want to tell you one thing I heard that John Edward felt bad about the whole thing with the lesbian daughter So he censored 300 square feet or favorite flavor carpet. Have a great day, pal. You too. It's an up your act 51 to 44. That's the yesterdays you survey USA pool. I mean there are all these different ones there's the AP if so It's so spiked those whatever There's all these other ones, but anyway 51 to 44 carry a Michigan don't anybody believe that bushing's gonna win Michigan Because because I'm looking at that Detroit news thing at the other night tonight's ago And I'm thinking how is this possible? I mean first of all you got that huge black population 82% of Detroit is black Secondly got this enormous Muslim population in Detroit and Dearborn especially but all over Detroit and other where Michigan and They're like nine in fact they showed the poll the same night on the news on a different newscast and the poll showed 69% for carries 7% for Bush and it was a several percent for later because he's like Lebanese or whatever it is But 69 to 7% I'm not too many Muslims for Bush. I'll tell you that right now So there is right now the can I be a I said the person who can please Yeah, yeah, you tell him boy you go boy No, we're in a box of rocks that we thought on the earth maybe there's something that's at home and you think so But I know probably know the answer QA and hello. I know yes, sir You know that that letter was very good and One thing I don't understand why the Democrats aren't doing is making nine 11 and issue because Bush let it happen basically through his in action either let it happen or he helped make it happen right? Well, I don't understand why carry isn't saying you know I'm not gonna read a PDD that says been lawed in the term and to attack in U.S. and then go on vacation for a month Then which I don't meet with anybody and right now including my C. I H Yeah, that only time in their advertising and it probably been close and it wasn't really to carry people as one of those other committees Is where they show him holding Prince Banned bars hand and how about their cozy relationship with the Saudis and about the price of oil and all the other But but you're right. That's one of the areas I agree I am badly I don't understand it It says in the 911 commission report that You know in the PDBs from January They'll September 10 2001 Then lawed in this name is mentioned 40 times right there and this guy did nothing, you know Let's see that scene in Fahrenheit 911 when Condalisa is testifying reluctantly and They're putting her feet to the fire and asking her what the name of that report was and she finally says Threats on America are planned plans by service to attack using Yeah, a lot of plans to it's right And you know another thing too is the outing of that CIA agent right how come we're not hearing anymore about that How come the media has about crazy without how come Bob Novak is go show up there when I glued the smile on his post on CNN Every day with a sarcastic right wing crap Uh, this is just pathetic what the media has done to the public here and and the most important thing I think that I've ran all these the last several weeks on years that article the other day about the difference between What's he and then puts on here in their international network to the rest of the world Which is why you see the rest of the world gets the real news not just from number from BBC and CDC and while overwhelming There was a post to Bush as opposed to the propaganda that they put on for domestic consumption right well, you know They they not only out at her but they made everybody over sea So even think about cooperating with the CIA They're gonna say no I could get exposed like right kills. I mean they they did tremendous damage to this country with that So why aren't we saying you want to reelect them administration that did this? I mean they they didn't the Democrats are continue to win thought if they really held their feet to the fire on these things They'd be 30 points ahead by now. Yeah, because I mean that that is the issue security is the issue We're leaving on so I don't hopefully they're gonna wake up Let's get in a little late if they need to do it. Good luck to us, Pally. Thanks, though Yeah, there's only been one terrorist attack against this country by any foreign group in the history of the country That was on 911 that was under the war to George W Bush that was after a series like this guy says of Warning after warning after warning and if you read the Richard Park book and any of the other books He went in and you listen to that clip that we play he didn't give a crap about Osama We'd love they had bigger fish to fry from even before the moment of that 11 happened just like that later I just read the Donna wrote the open letter to Bush. They already had their plans that he or kinds of going to Iraq Take over the Middle East and to to unfold their global plans and a bunch of crazy people And once upon a time I know that there are a lot of people are old enough But you don't have to be really older member when he's right when your stream is used to be considered the lunatic fringe The Pat Robertson types to Jerry Faldels. They religious right wing back those they were considered the lunatic fringe Well, we're Reagan God and I can remember going on here and saying look guess what now They've taken over for a while and then of course Clinton came along and it interrupted their plans for eight years which is why from the day he came in office They tried to get him out there. That's why we had Monica gate and all the other crap that went on And light water you name it anything they could possibly do to get his ass out there because he was interrupting their plans That's why they stole the election in 2000 they wanted the keys to the kingdom back again, baby And so the very people used to be laughed at and called the lunatic fringe in a country now they're running Exactly, what am I getting excited about build letter is up on the website by the way down there good The letter is on our website that when that right on the year, we're saying to read all that well, but it's on there WQA and hello Yes, sir, how you doing buddy great? Hey listen, are you gonna have that article on your website that you just read man? I don't know I just got to say that but you didn't hear because you were on the phone. It's on there right now Okay, great. Hey listen one more question. How do I get that bit with key daddy on I tried to go on your website get it. I could pull it up Is it on there? No, oh, it's not on there. That's probably why I'll see if we can bend your ass arm and give it on there Hey great man. Thanks, Neil and have a great day. I'll write it by my P the being remiss Reaches oh and read just I thought he said remiss If remiss is on it, I'll play right now. I love remiss. Let's play the song of the song All right 1046 567 0560 pound 560 and even Ryzen and sing it a wireless lines They floored a department of law enforcement to set up a statewide task force to investigate voter fraud complaints in Florida Saying just like Donna said in her letter same problems are popping up in so many places It doesn't make sense to investigate them separately Problems are popping up in so many places It doesn't make sense to investigate them separately. Oh my god. How could this be they could not in America? Not in the land of the free not again Not in a government that would lie to you and fix elections right out and fraud daylight The departments received complaints about voter registration or absentee valid issues in Bay Leon or Angela Broward and Dave Counties And also plans to work with investigators in Duval County who already are looking into fraud allegations there We're finding that there appears to be some common thread between some of the investigations that are recurring said FDL East folksman Tom Burlinger We decided to approach it from a statewide perspective rather than a local perspective Many of the problems it'd be cropping up with forms turned in by groups to higher people to register to voters and FDLE Press released single about the association community organizations for reform now or a corn saying this workers have been connected with widespread voter regularities We think that a lot of this is going to be driven by financial motors or individuals were paid by the peace and turned in as much as they could Berlin Grisette a corn set an employee of fire disposal reported voter fraud to get back to the organization Right It was terminated for number of violations of acorn rules. He wanted his job back so we wouldn't give it to him said faith gay faith gay He's trying to put the spotlight on the entity that fired him. Yeah, so he was in a way of problems with registration forms written by employees The group registered to it in 12,000 plus voters in Florida this year and hired about 200 people as far as the registration drive among problems that we reported the state 3000 photocopied registration forms were treated at Leon County elections officials Most switch voters party affiliation to Republican without their knowledge. I'm gonna read that again right now Would you understand I was you know that not three thousand photo copied registration forms were turned into Leon County officials Most of these forms switch voters party affiliation to be public and without their knowledge Lies of a county learned people at their party affiliation changed to Republican against their will The problem is discovered in a batch of 124 turn in by one man each of the forms registered voters as Republican 2000 voter registration forms in do bell count a candidate rest is that don't exist At least three Ford signature. Oh, this is kind of like the signature they throughout what recently got made around the ballot in Pennsylvania, you see we had the article on the website. They had Mickey Mouse signing and re-resenda all these other great people are kind right Some students in Orange County were just through to vote without their knowledge after signing petitions We take these issues very seriously because the impact the voters of our state said Alia Faradj Department of State's folks woman if anyone has any information on voter fraud I urge them please contact their supervisor elections or they've floored a department of law enforcement The FDA doesn't find a contact voters is part of investigation before the election send the department please their victims are fraud And would rather focus on the people who'd tampered with the registration forms. We want to scare anybody away from the polls Bro and you're saying well, that's a little bit of good news refreshing idea I reminds me of those people that got folks coming knocking on the door to a clock at a morning saying hey You're just gonna vote aren't you like an ex-girl and aren't you this aren't you that and That's new again anywhere near those polls. I like it stuff like that boy Well, you're like this a little bit on the lighters. I like the level. Please. Okay keep it light Yeah, keep it light Ha ha ha ha ha ha that guys dead man that guys dead. Somebody those people those K80 colors They're dead the evil ones are talking about not the nice people Well some are nice people are dead too. A liquid Republicans stealing campaign signs late one night God and everybody ran across a low-hanging driveway chain Tell face first out of a pillford sign in the concrete and not to sell unconscious a liquid Republican Randall Wagner 50 was loaded into an ambulance treated at Lutheran medical Center for abrasions and facial cuts and issued Assumines I'll see this is a knee Rocky Mountain news so it's not Lakeland. It's like wood somewhere out there in the right probably Colorado Wagner who on success on successfully tried to steal a deep Thomas congressional sign that even not the daytime is for Mondays who still Had signs to rather Democrat a candidate and he's tried to pick up wheat ridge police reported I did a very stupid thing Wagner said admitting theft of the signs I got caught up in a political pass into this highly contested election I'd also go to see a random round student signs Wagner said that he and his wife Jane who was driving their pickup that night Lot of will apologize to the people they've offended Everybody has to write to express their political opinions he be saying Jan Wagner would not say it since you didn't want to discuss what happened She also just happens to be a Republican The incident with the Wagner's comes at a time when a record number of Democrats and Republicans are complaining that their signs are disappearing or being vandalized wheat ridge resident Pete Kramer who's 9 11 call last Wednesday eventually led police to the Wagner's said his frustration is that people mistakenly leave only their parties The victim he said a Republican neighbor lost to your signs insisted if not having them into Democrats Sam were said that late last Wednesday shortly after the last presidential debate that ended his life for the noise outside Sam were said when he walked outside with his cell phone He saw Tick up parked in the curb and someone using a box cover and tried to take the name Thomas I need voltive was fence thoroughly on his property Thomas is the Democratic candidate in the seventh district time were sitting earlier Thomas. I also been vandalized well So you got a bunch of crazy people in America can this all idea well if it areocracy You got to write to what you're a fin though you don't Oh, you don't same thing with religion politics whatever it is mine is the right one of you better goose dip in line brother or else Because more and more I think I can actually say that now. I think I cleaned that thing up Yeah, maybe I didn't oh yeah, I did hear it is does the American Right, you go. Well see I can't take the old ones out of those for reason you know technically because you know I didn't put him in a here so I can't take him out So I have to put like all these stars all these asterisks dinner. Oh, by the way speaking that you ever have S. E. Ogo cheese I must have that's my favorite there's nothing like a delectable piece of ass the algo cheese. What kind of those because it's a white is it mild is a right? It's a little on the sharp side. It's a tiny and of course I say ass the algo cheese You want to put a smile on your face I don't want time maybe like as a little a little taste tempting blade It will piece of ass the algo cheese would be good or here's some good news be been a piece of ass criminal rise from sick that enjoying campaign Bill Clinton wants to know the campaign trail is Elvis for his superstar crowd placing charms Well rise from a sick bed just like the Phoenix rising from the arseys baby It'll rise from a sick bed next week to come to John Kerry's help six weeks after a quadruple bypass operation You've got a little slice of its intervention starting Monday in Philadelphia and enjoying the parents will miss to carry It comes in the face of resistance from his wife Senator swelry Clinton is concerned that the former president could endanger his health so soon after the operation Hillary's been fighting this all along, but we're gonna few appearances in suddenly a senior democratic official Who was involved in negotiations over mr. Clinton's participation a rewants to do this he watches every detail of the race He knows more about it than I do. I'm gonna tell you think to run again. He will be our operation at all He'd be bush by 40 points right now easy Right Well you just under like Al Franken there. That was real. You know that John He's probably just a little bad Yeah, be He also galvanizes conservatives who hold him in contempt for the monical whiskey scandal which they hated him like poison lobby for monica For that reason how Gordon not call on his help four years ago to see and that much much criticized by democratic activist and a bad mistake That's the reason that a Gorloss Arkansas and Tennessee His own home state a Kerry spokesman Joe Lockhart said mr. Clinton has been kind of lost in the so-called chapacua We'll make several solo campaigns stop next week after he's doing a personal mystery Kerry I'm glad he's making a joint appearance. Maybe you'd like to lie to put them to Mr. Clinton's office and how it must be if he was short statement saying he was pleased to be able to help John Kerry And his very important campaign for the future of our country and it goes on and on and And it's hooting I campaign of it mr. Kerry city. It's spoken by a former mr. Clinton would encourage him saying that White House scared tactics would backfire The White House's countering mr. Clinton's in every turn by taking the unusual step of setting the president's national security Advisor condolese arrives out of the campaign trail. We're quite an article about that yesterday in the Toronto star in New York times Also the fact that the matter is that Since he's supposed to be the national security advisor She's supposed to be taking care of things like national security. You know especially supposed to be so obscured, you know, but it's a meantime She's turning out to be a political animal Sandy burger and other people in the same position didn't go around the country making speeches for political purposes The burger made one or two speeches and watching in DC and that was it and mostly of this the same thing But not condolese. She's been sent out there to be the anti-bubba And quite frankly just have to think about it. Can you think of anybody more anti-bubba Then condolese No, I think she's before his bubble mice Here's the poll so far. What media company route lid is the most unfair and unbalanced That's what we're asking on your Rogers company 230 vote Fox news 153 Since they're broadcasting which tonight is going to air that hour propaganda anti-care propaganda They got 26 clear channel 24 the red on their ass CBS 12 CNN 8 ABC 3 MSNBC's that a print and be sees got a tiny purchase Friday you best Hot So oh You I'm a girl, I'm a dress-free girl I'm a part of what's your long-share way I'm a girl in my hood of sorrows She had a separate corridor But she kept on her phone And after she I strike She would bury the home She got herself somewhat full and a dumbest dog But she still has ugly as a I can't talk But what a girl, they're like things so bad to match her What a girl, they're like she's something So when the trip got some surgery, that dumb impression Very much I'm a part of what you got the right But if you got the touch, that'll get me wrong Yeah, I'll break your heart But they'll keep it a little bit of a man All about My love impression they've never A part of what's your name I'm a part of what you got the right I'm a misexual A lame choking girl with a verbal breath But now I'm dressed nearly to the other one When will sleep with meetings in my carousel I could at all will turn around on the score Well, I'm a part of what you got the right Well, I'm a part of what you got the right So Monica, you lost 40 pounds Just let no impression name Well, you got the right You got the touch, that'll get me wrong Yeah, I'll break your heart But they'll keep it a little bit of a man All about what you got the right I'm a part of what you got the right I'm a part of what you've been remember I'm a part of what you've been remember Well, I'll turn around on the score That will make the back of the arm Now I'll track these, like some of your  So, records Now, folks, I'm just going to swear What I've played just south about the bridge to that Mey, no way I've never seen this  with whistle No play fresh The King does like this I'm a recorder, I'm also a recorder, I'm also a recorder So Hillary, you're going to be a son of her from the art That doesn't impress me No, it's a... Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh You got the prize, but I've got the touch But I get the wrong, I'll bring your all around With better, better, better, better, better I'll remind you My love impress me I love you I love you, I love you We want a bank Yeah, level four, five, sixty WCM Mad Dog from the Hooters and Pegber Pines The two, Humber and any K, a calder do they show out their plunging On their way from four to seven Orlando, Elzagiri, the big At Hooters and D'Awell, it's seven o'clock But our people are everywhere We got them shriek all over the place, and then any K-10 Well, any K-Doo and double-do any big RADS is ever check out newsmax.com Oh, yes, I must say let's get down Our poll that they write away Newsmax.com and I had another one of my own on their freeRepublic.com Where the freePers say, jeepers, freePers, let's get Whatever, freePublic.com Right, no freeRepublic.com and Newsmax.com For the right wing, the Lujittals man People who are 75 million yards to the right of Hitler, unbelievable, crazy people In fact, if you click on those websites you can hear Those sounds in the back, that's what that is Speaking of those people Now, what's this thing about Stanley G. Health and Newsmax? They used to send me something that came across And the fact machine for you to digest I see, they're stupid Stanley G, Alasso, now it's a shoe crag, it's a shoe Stanley G, Health and Dispital, a class action Law student federal court, Northern California, against High officials and a current Bush administration Including the federal government, voice, Chany Rice, Mower, Tenet, Rumsey, and L'Anshkoth For complicating and abitting and facilitating the 911 attacks Well, his suit contends and we strongly concur And this is a we being the 911 review organization That the defendant did so in order to launch Unconstitutional aggressive war against the sovereign states of Afghanistan And Iraq, the clear political opponents, enemy combatants Ascending constitution, and definitely, et cetera All for assorted political lands which subvert the very system of laws And constitution that defend and substrained While pulled in their orphasis The suit alleges that Bush has presented violated the US constitution By deliberately lying and defrauding the US Congress And the passing and enabling act resolution October 2002, authorizing Bush to raise aggressive war on Iraq The war is unconstitutional and in the legal drain On US taxpayer's funds in the treasury The suit alleges that the war is unconstitutional And at the declaratory and jumped the relation be ordered It's unconstitutional and legal because the president violated the separation of powers Provision of the constitution by deliberately lying to the Congress I falsely assuring them that Bush had evidence of weapons of mass destruction in Iraq And that Iraq was involved in plotting and carrying out the 911 terrorist attacks On the World Trade Center and a Pentagon attack Attacks actually orchestrated by defendants The suit also alleges that the US apathy act One and two are unconstitutional and must be struck down as such Because they violate the fourth, fifth, ninth and first amendments To the US constitution by permitting the government to spy on American's Invilator rights to privacy and because the Patriarchs Like the war in Iraq were passed under false and fraudulent circumstances Presented by the defendants to the Congress The suit argues that to the extent that the US constitution is legally Anologist to a contract between the government and the plaintiffs The taxpayers it seems that the liberal fraud by the defendant should nullify Any unconstitutional acts by them such as the rest of war and occupation of Iraq And they pay PAPI attacks The plaintiffs believe they have the right to bring the suit as American citizens And that they face an imminent threat to their freedom from defendants Errorizing other the entire orchestrated scenario of 911 The PAP laws that were passed in Patriarch laws that were passed as a Pracimate result of 911 and the actions of defendants in infringing on their constitutionally guaranteed freedoms 911 review dot org strongly supports Stanley Hilton's courageous actions To hold the officials responsible for the 911 massacres labelled a punishment And to repeal the fraudulent legislation such as the Patriarch Pilting this persisting in the slag election despite threats to his life And we call on all our readers to support his actions by all means necessary It says please donate generously to the 911 victims legal fund And you can find out more on this by going to 911 review dot org Got it? Got it Okay Pretty interesting not that there's actually a few people with balls out there You see the reason I wanted to stop especially if you saw the movie for 911 But even if you didn't maybe just in some reading about it or maybe somebody read it to you from the funny papers But the fact that the matter is the fact that we let the Saudis fly their buddies out of here They've been ladden family and others What indicate very clearly that this was like in one of the bits that Volka Bryant and you know we turned the planes the wrong way The Saudis attacked us there's no question about that right 15 of the 19 High Jackers were Saudi Nationals the other's way gypsum and of course some of it. Lot of me know exactly where he's from This was an attack by Saudi Arabia against the United States. This was a I said they have a business deal gone bad I wonder what they were talking about on the balcony at the White House Prince van D'Arbush and El Presidente Just a there too. Wasn't the day after 911 or the night after that. I'm sure it was just about the fine flavor of a cohesive What about that booze was that the Prince were breaking and that big fat cigar He was more than a big story he had an is ugly twist and how good that the smoke is drifting the other way So it's not to ruin the ambiance. Wafting 560 pound 560 and he Verizon and SIGGET A Wireless Lines WQA and hello. Yes sir. Are you doing today? Okay I'm going to have a chance to listen for like a couple of days But you know how you put it on a website called just boat.org Right I've been trying to use it for the past couple of days and every time you go to print something up It comes out skewed on the printer like it's a but a garble or something It's not working right sounds like a county plot to me. I was going to say the same thing I would be surprised if the builder burgers got their finger in it. Thanks Neil Drop your power man. Love you. Alright. There's a little piece of good news. There may be a little bit of not the democratic parties Like any great jokes because they were they would have already exposed all these things That you were talking about and we're reading and I'm talking about it. But y'all have to deal with what you got You know what I'm saying and that would be used to say that when you're right y'all hold y'all Which y'all got into y'all what you all what you all what y'all want right Democrats hold out hope to be captured Senate majority In only seconds ago from a poll at the from a website that you're just can't stand capital Hill dot blue It's really an excellent website. We have a link to that our ours. We uh link this. Oh y'all We ought to if we don't capital Hill dot blue. It's a great in the sun. It's on part isn't there. They're honest the Jordan Democrats will make a server Which is often and the Republicans will make a server which is always Less than could we speak for election day Republicans are likely to retain control of the US Senate But there's a big butt in there. Braccomb Democrats have realistic chance of pulling off an upset political analyst posters and party officials are saying as right now The In a contest nearly as sad as the presidential race control of the Senate is expected to hinge on the outcome of nine closely thought races nearly all of them in states where the elected attempts to favor Republicans Keep in mind by the way Betty Castro for the Senate for a place Bobby Graham and not and if you don't like Betty Castro then hold your nose and vote for anyway Because we sure sure don't want to be voting for no Mill Martinez, right? Rehold there. We already we had one Martinez. He was the governor Bobby Martinez. He was Dracula man. What an evil doer he was The question of a Senate control may not be decided to the SEMBER if no Senate candidate catches a majority in a member second vote Louisiana the top two Bogotas meeting the run off December 4th I give Democrats a 35 to 40% chance of taking over the sense that University of Virginia political scientists Larry Sabato who will be seeing this week in matter Effect tomorrow on Sabagrad gigante Resid Sabagato Picano I think Republicans aligned up with 52 or 53 seats over the seats overall that their nine seats is tight as a tick Piders are tick. Oh, you said tick and Control of the Senate could switch depending upon co-tails in the presidential race also Republicans currently have 451 seats Democrats 48 and the loan and defend the Jim Jeffords of Vermont who votes with Democrats who used to be Republican And then finally saw the light the Democrats should close out the election with instructing distance of regain control of the Senate is remarkable Given that they're defending 19 seats in this election cycle and Republicans only defend 15 including five democratic vacancies in conservative southern states Georgia, Florida, Louisiana, North Carolina and South Carolina When people first started talking about these retirement Democrats were in the sphere thinking they'd have to defend these five seats and plus pick up two more It's really tough. It's not that we're gonna lose all five North Carolina State University political science professor and Drew Taylor said in relation to The Great Hardest Robert Ted Taylor Against these doomsday scenario six months ago. It doesn't look quite so bad now for Democrats Taylor say but still up hill battle also not related to Eddie Taylor Republicans will almost certainly pick up a seat in Georgia were conservative right when Democrats sell millis retiring Fascist Democrats however are expected to fit were as at high ever Please just say that some right neck high ever. I think London Johnson used to say high ever Democrats however are expected to pick up the seat of a territory Republican Senator Peter Fitzgerald and Illinois We're full show Democrat Baracca, Bobble, they massively hugely over right wing lunatic Republican Allen keys. I wonder if Allen keys thinks that Mary Cheney is a what's the term he used for a Lesbians hedonist a hedonist miserable no good low down bitch Allen keys you fully below each farcer Bible thumb fake he's gonna get a thumbman Alexa which he never saw Barack Obama's gonna stick him or the moon. Don't try 11 13 a QA Melch? He likes to fight, but simple amount of heavenly fun. That's how he's got found and found. And on his hood, the cold blitz in the house filled with smoke, white men. He's a fancy queen, with better than you and me. He's got me proud back, him dinner, pay to wear. Why can't we get a car? Grab that car, baby. I'm a crazy, outback, and I'm proud back. I'm proud back, I'm proud back. I'm proud back, I'm proud back, I'm proud back. I'm proud back, I'm proud back. The lunatic right wing fringe, by the way, Pat Robertson used to be considered part of that. But now he's starting to look a little bit better, you know. He opened up a big stupid mouth. And, as a matter of fact, not only are they calling him a liar, caring who's who it turns out, but even a Tucker Carlson on CNN called her the biggest liar in a history of mankind, because she called him a liar and he said that she's a lusional and crazy person. But caring who's was in the room at the time, oh, he never said nothing like that to President. Well, yes, he did, because he's kind of found out that back in July, Pat Robertson gave the same story. Julie, what are you finding about CNN? You see that? No. Yeah, he's been saying this before all along, and Bush told him, don't worry about casualties, there aren't going to be any casualties. Bye. Well, there's a case we're going to take a flop again. Oh, I think you almost saw most. Every channel down here has that on a continuous loop. How many times an hour? About 30 minutes. Okay, how many votes we got on the poll so far? 3 minutes and 71, and we're asking today which media company or outlet is the most unfair or unbalanced? If we can also have websites, it's said or I mean the website really aren't supposed to be sure and ball us, but nevertheless, if there's some that are so far lunatic either of the writer, left or left or we're putting on there, right? That's the point right. Don't nitpick with us. Fox News 246. They got two turns to the emotion you've turned unfair and unbalanced. How's Bill already doing by the way? Call him up and see what kind of profanity she orders over the phone. Maybe he's squeezing some. A good channel 41, Sinclair broadcasting 40. That's a tough battle. CBS 16, those are probably the people upset with Dan Rather. You know, I say thank God for CBS. Was that? Even though, well, because at least we got one network that we know some of the people there I'm to the left of it till the whole anyway. Not anymore. A little bit of what's going on. I'm going to do nothing anymore. No, not now. The worst. Between the booby of business, the anti-action in the booby business, then Dan Rather would have the weeping eye. The same as our. CBS 16, CNN 10, and SBC 5, ABC 5, free with public.com 3, NBC 3, and newsmax.com 2 is got a pair for real right way to lunatics for the lusional people who have lunch with him. You know what they have for lunch? They have builder for example lunch. Anyway, 22 after the hour, do I have time for the Jimmy Verslin thing? Well, it's a lot of calls that we got all wait till 2 today. We got a whole four hour show because Howard was on tape this morning. And we'll see just the impact of the stern mice, which we hope is sensational. We hope Howard gets a. Who needs share in men? Yes, we do. In the month of what's it really September, which you boost that whole morning number way up there. Not that we want to make what's his name? Do we know actually we kind of like what's his name? Call them or something. Call them or whatever did before. He's got a few points. But anyway, Jimmy Brezlin writes, and this is very important. Please keep your ears open. And you're other orifice as well. And listen to this. It's a lot of work. I'm going to show you how to do this. I'm going to show you how to do this. I'm going to show you how to do this. I'm going to show you how to do this. I'm going to show you how to do this. I'm going to show you how to do this. I'm going to show you how to do this. I'm going to show you how to do this. I'm going to show you how to do this. I'm going to show you how to do this. I'm going to show you how to do this. I'm going to show you how to do this. I'm going to show you how to do this. I'm going to show you how to do this. I'm going to show you how to do this. I'm going to show you how to do this. I'm going to show you how to do this. I'm going to show you how to do this. I'm going to show you how to do this. I'm going to show you how to do this. I'm going to show you how to do this. I'm going to show you how to do this. I'm going to show you how to do this. I'm going to show you how to do this. I'm going to show you how to do this. I'm going to show you how to do this. I'm going to show you how to do this. I'm going to show you how to do this. I'm going to show you how to do this. I'm going to show you how to do this. I'm going to show you how to do this. I'm going to show you how to do this. I'm going to show you how to do this. I'm going to show you how to do this. I'm going to show you how to do this. I'm going to show you how to do this. I'm going to show you how to do this. I'm going to show you how to do this. I'm going to show you how to do this. I'm going to show you how to do this. I'm going to show you how to do this. I'm going to show you how to do this. I'm going to show you how to do this. I'm going to show you how to do this. I'm going to show you how to do this. I'm going to show you how to do this. I'm going to show you how to do this. I'm going to show you how to do this. I'm going to show you how to do this. I'm going to show you how to do this. I'm going to show you how to do this. I'm going to show you how to do this. I'm going to show you how to do this. I'm going to show you how to do this. I'm going to show you how to do this. I'm going to show you how to do this. I'm going to show you how to do this. I'm going to show you how to do this. I'm going to show you how to do this. I'm going to show you how to do this. I'm going to show you how to do this. I'm going to show you how to do this. I'm going to show you how to do this. I'm going to show you how to do this. I'm going to show you how to do this. I'm going to show you how to do this. I'm going to show you how to do this. I'm going to show you how to do this. I'm going to show you how to do this. I'm going to show you how to do this. I'm going to show you how to do this. I'm going to show you how to do this. I'm going to show you how to do this. I'm going to show you how to do this. I'm going to show you how to do this. I'm going to show you how to do this. I'm going to show you how to do this. I'm going to show you how to do this. I'm going to show you how to do this. I'm going to show you how to do this. I'm going to show you how to do this. I'm going to show you how to do this. I'm going to show you how to do this. I'm going to show you how to do this. I'm going to show you how to do this. I'm going to show you how to do this. I'm going to show you how to do this. I'm going to show you how to do this. I'm going to show you how to do this. I'm going to show you how to do this. I'm going to show you how to do this. I'm going to show you how to do this. I'm going to show you how to do this. I'm going to show you how to do this. I'm going to show you how to do this. I'm going to show you how to do this. I'm going to show you how to do this. I'm going to show you how to do this. I'm going to show you how to do this. I'm going to show you how to do this. I'm going to show you how to do this. I'm going to show you how to do this. I'm going to show you how to do this. I'm going to show you how to do this. I'm going to show you how to do this. I'm going to show you how to do this. I'm going to show you how to do this. I'm going to show you how to do this. I watched the today show and they say now that we're going to see all the good things happening in Iraq insanity. I think good common sense is the issue with the campaign is the dead soldiers who are in Iraq because George Bush lied to get us into the war. Younger people might feel a little closer to what task it holding the young. They talk on self-illusion when they talk they ask, where are you? Did you hear George Bush saying the jobs are improving? Where? And for how much he's making this a $9 an hour country. Did you hear his idea on social security? But he can give it to us. Talk for a good steal. Did you hear him saying the word about the guys getting killed in Iraq? No, he wants to make like it never happens. So long I'm going to go to this building. I'm going to lose you. I'm a cell phone. He takes time to let very George give me a result of the news day. You want us to get more of these people? You need to watch your face. Incidentally, I'm watching you. You need to get more of these people. And culture is a party girl. Party girl. Party girl. End culture is a party girl. Party girl. Party girl. Party girl. I'm here back. Play a dark friend. And I'm gonna have a house. Is for a house. But if you're alive there's a house where there's no one. I'm gonna have to be alive. And if you're alive there's no one. I'm so happy to be here. I'm so happy to be here. I'm so happy to be here. I'm so happy to be here. I'm so happy to be here. I'm so happy to be here. I'm so happy to be here. I'm so happy to be here. I'm so happy to be here. I'm so happy to be here. I'm so happy to be here. I'm so happy to be here. I'm so happy to be here. I'm so happy to be here. We're sad. Luckily the metal has been stapled. I love how that's been doubled and hugged. W descri can make they ever look at whatever's coming down. They will make them go ahead. Emrol calories can be cheap. Emrol calories can be sold. If you wash them with pig help, you feel1000 calories. It would do a good job. So, what it should be, get prepared, in order to give you that nice Royal medication,. You know something that just dawned on me that we never play was that I mean if you don't like that there's always Yeah we can just play that until to a clock anyway got the numbers coming out we got a yet Well, why not what's going on in there they have a cluster fork again and there what they do Speak my encoder the reason I played that two men ran on stage and through custard pies I'd conservative columnist and coders. He was given a speech at the University of Arizona and Tucson Had you been the shoulder police said The bus is we've ever heard University police arrested the man but didn't we be sorry to these and our half hour speech last night Coder trashed democratic presidential candidate John Kerry and you waited liberals and Democrats while submitting conservative students to attend a speech Of course appearance was sponsored by the you a college Republicans. Oh By the young Nazis. Well speaking Nazis. We have a lot of greatest things we've ever had on our Web site have you seen it? Yeah, well, I said you're copy in there What I didn't see it sure we've got the most beautiful photo of Bush in the rum spell Who look a little bit like hair-mongering and you know, I'll shit. They're just a little bit Oh, God You love it. Oh, thanks from Joe with stuff. My anyway that somebody else in America's got the balls to tell it like it is you go Joe before you go on Yes, first of all, thank you Albert for that beautiful piece of artwork and second of all we you don't want to talk plus to you I don't know Well, because that's all I got so far well, what are they? I don't know it's a big stack. I have to film through them Wow wait wait till we get the man. Okay, then later on we can and after you show you can send me whatever you like I don't want to like waste 50,000 pages of paper here all the trees that they have to cut down and they can even force to vote You know make this paper Let's see here's what it says. I was impressed by the letter down a rope that you run on your show Be much appreciated if you can tell me where I'm going to copy said John it's the first story now I first got it up there immediately as usual on our website go to our near-wargers commons the very first story But before you read the story even almost as impressive as that take a look And now we love the pictures yesterday of Bush with a bunch cap, but above that now It is so perfect Rom spell and bush has seldom been seen before, but I think if he gets elected again We may actually see that picture of a turnery elevator Nothing we want to scare you or anything like that because that would be seen in their taxing and scaring new people Crapless keeping everybody on edge. Oh, they're gonna be dropping nuclear weapons. I'll make your American team That's interesting, you know, let's see finish crying about his dark dog That's the new deal Anyway, so what is it 12 plus you don't have any good happy looks sad looks Oh, you know mornings were down mornings were down. Yeah, mornings were down. If I'm looking at the right demo here WQAM spring 25 No, no, no summer to oh from 6 a.m. to 10 a.m. in 12 plus From 19th tied for 19th to 24th In 12 plus persons 12 plus there's all our way to a few get them Can you imagine what I'm lowest thinking right now? Oh my god So the wheels in his brain are just spit in like crazy now you've got a molestening. Yeah, good Well pass along the library's team on and you can like they're regurgitate them in the chulemen stick them on to your musk Red, I'll make a copy and put him in his box. I know where good deal Anyway, the juve fact you know, this is what I've been trying to tell you juve people about the relieverment in 2000 and nobody else wants to talk about because they don't want to offend the jew as well being a jew myself I don't mind if I offend a few jews especially the old ones here in South Florida It's personally the ones in Boko to you. That's a hoist Anyway, Joe and South Miami says I think we had this election wrapped up in here's why I Travel Midwest constantly on business about a week About one week a month and after talking to a lot of my customers I found something very interesting during the last election I had four customers admit to me they couldn't vote for Gore because they didn't want a jew so close to the presidency I mean do you leave them in these same four guys are voting this year for carry now granted so many four people It sounds crazy, but if the middle of the country still with this type of stupidity and prejudice and they actually working carries favor this year I'm now convinced that a leaveerman cost worthy election who else said that? And that's the same people didn't vote for Gore will vote for carry since you're a self-man Two good facts is in two days from Joe you go Joe excellent point don't you think? Indeed I mean it was the the silent anti-semitism and of course on the talking is all what we know that they're that didn't exist out there That wasn't a factor in us of all of course it was because it wasn't just any ordinary pedestrian Jew This was an orthodox star bison Jew right wing You know self-having crazy crazed you who look forward for the fact that he was in the member of the Senate He would have been running around with a tollist and the stitches in the The applicant a whole business on there like dressed up there go in a circus the Jewish circus So it'll kid yourself man especially you think people in Louisiana and Alabama and Arkansas and Tennessee We're gonna vote for our board The due leader man on there a heart beat boy. Yeah, no way Jose So that's a good point. Okay. Now what do we got now? We got eight numbers anybody cares about that didn't sound like a rare very Deal, which you just read to me. No, this sounds even worse though. Well, what about it? What 10 to 3? Yeah, spring 40 Summer 2.8 oh my god Well plus Voices 2.8 George How is that possible because we know we did just fine maybe all the right wingers got the iris this time Well wait and see possible. What is W. I Odisha on there and and Today 12 plus stack up our everyone pass it. Well, give give with it See you don't feel this rating thing. We know I know that's your bag. That's my bag I'm squeezing it right now What's up in your I Od have 12 plus something is I'll give you a little idea Because it was when back up there and it's right wing Nazi they got in the morning there from Tampa Then I took you in I view home at the down line. What is it say that I think I have blindness W I I know how it's spelled oh There it is from a three six to a four six say there you go right there. There's the tip of do I know how to look at these things out or what the right wingers all got to die We're we need to look at the old nose back home to shoot Well, I'll be darn awesome, but well, they have to do it how it's burned well I'd have something there too because you're getting him out all of the city turned a little bad He might earn much anti-botion very much for curie of seven so I'm so maybe the right wingers got to die We'll get a lot of getting screwed wouldn't that be something you want listening to Neil right Took me a little while a little slow learner, but Neil I apologize It's way deal you are the truth I'm so full to push that project day I'm too much of fries this cousin change You get the soldiers in the late and get away and shift it to blame You said dog will send me that we're up to fighting my brother I'm not the ones who are trying what's going on with this girl We beg my bad Charles What's going on with this? What's going on with this? What's going on with this? What's going on with this? This is absolutely unbelievable. It's been all that great promotion we did when we put Stearn on here. The only thing I will tell you is we still got a shot. I could have had a shrimpy when he was getting it. It's depending on the ten to two things. It looks like we got dragged down by bad morning numbers in September. Back in the first part of the trend, we were at number one pretty strong. I think you have it backwards. You're missing the point. You're missing the point. This is July August in September. This is the post format change when we went from the false force when we blew up to station without telling anybody without a remodeling. We just thought by putting Stearn on here automatically magically that would bring the entire station audience happy they're not here for several months over to QAM. I guess what? Did it work? Look at this. This is 2554. That's the coveted demographic. We're going from number one to number eight. From the spring number one we were kicking ass when we had mole and jow and a little yellow yellow yellow. You're as truly in a mad dog and a huffer before suspension days. It's not a fact that suspension didn't look like it turned out to be the because in the afternoon we went from a five nine number one to tie for six a four four. The only date where we were close to number one and we actually tended to pull it out because the love ninety four by the number one but the six point two share which I find ludicrous and midday. Manless into love ninety four and then midday five point eight down from an eight point four spring to a five eight in the summer book. And again a September a September from a hell. Life number three in midday and men in men. IOD like I told you the right wing was also got to hold a lot of these books three six in a spring five one tied for fourth in the summer. IOD. This is a this is shocking but the morning number this is number we've been waiting for. Didn't you think haven't we thought haven't we been brainwashed in the lead and something spectacular was going to happen in the morning. How it's how it's how it's been. I don't see it or I don't know how to write. I can smell it's who smells like a toilet in here. WXDJ that's the new drug addict number one that's the new. No spaghetti in place so station do your way from number one six point four in the morning in the spring book to a nine point five everybody who knows spaghetti in place is listed in WSDJ. Well what is that is that loads of phenomena nono nicos. Is that done? I guess you're asking me but don't know. Hey, there you go. I have no idea how one oh five from a five point one to one eight point five. But it must have found every ethnic and self-floor for the book in September. Big look at that Paul and old Ryan from a four seven in the spring to a five point oh in the summer from six to third. That is really desperate when those guys are going up. CMQF and their like they made a little bounce back up again from eight to four. QAM in the morning with Howard Stern on for five weeks. From second five point three in the spring that was mole and gilly and Joel Rose. To a three point seven fifth number five in the morning. How does this man keep doing it to us you know how does it have been. Get a doctor in here to hear my wounds. How they keep doing it to us. Now what's the station that Joel Rose is on is that still waxy. That's not called that. No it's not called that. Yes. Yes. Seven ninety seven ninety. It's waxy. Reason I ask you to have an spring maybe to show up in a morning and men. Now they have a one point two which isn't a big number but that's one point two that came away from Muck you way. So it's in its your rose. At least part of it is because he's nine to eleven. In fact let's see if they do anything in the midday on waxy. This is just it is just positively astonishing. And what did I say? Look at that from from nowhere in the spring to a point nine in the summer time which is again only a little part of the summer book that they put the sports on air in Joe and whatever else they got whatever other sports craft they got on air. So we let's say midday we were number two maybe number one from tend to two I don't know. We don't know. Although look at that jump for love ninety four man. Yeah what is that all of a sudden? What did they do all of a sudden? WXDJ in the morning went zooming up. They already were number one but they went up over three points and love ninety four went from six to the four up to number one with a six point two. What kind of man were getting these diaries anyway? Something very strange about that. An addition which I think also that the situation with the hurricanes also affected the number of people in September who was in diaries back. Yeah I have a feeling that the sample how many people do things in diaries back in south Florida. About third man. Yeah. Now let's see what about what about air America? Maybe that's where the audience went. You think? Air America. Let's see. Let's see. What are they? WYNZ. Let's see. WYNZ. What used to be Fox sports? Fox sports is there there. I don't know. I went from a one one in the spring overall man to a zero point eight. Let's see about in the morning which includes a little bit of the tapes of the goddess there from the day before. You know the Randy tapes? Let's see how she did. Point eight in the spring when it were Fox sports. Point eight now at least they're consistent. What about mid day in which includes the course the Randy tapes and how Frank and done their down. Everyone. Two two that was when they were doing sports with Roamie and company. Down to one four without Frank and and. Can't find for. Hey. Can't find for. So they're not doing it. That's not where they went. But the Howard Stern thing man somebody's got to tell the world we got Howard Stern. I was just thinking about what's the station and pot. Oh, you know what it is. I know what it is. I saw it already. I saw it already. I didn't realize that was looking at it. You ever know is. Hear that. I was looking at it. I didn't know it. Look at that. WPBC. You people and Palm Beach. You got to clue me. But I'm sure that's the buzz. Am I right? I don't know. Well, they didn't show up at all in the spring of this year because why would they? Why would anybody in the day and grow or be listening to them? But look at this WPBC in the morning of 1.9 and 2554 which means as high predicted that 2% of the audience is listening to Howard on a station where they don't doubt about every other word that he says. So if you add his 2 points there to what we got on our station that's 5.7 which wouldn't be all that bad which would be, you know, number 3 anyway. See what I'm saying? I said. And then of course you add into the factors as far as work and sir, any idea that nobody has any idea when they show a star. For example this morning we started at 10 o'clock. How many friends of mine? Who listen to the show every day? Tell me. I've heard the show on at least 10 30 because there's no point in turning it on. People are not Howard listeners. Right. Never turn it. So they weren't listening to 10 o'clock this morning when we started. Then by the 10 day due tuning they've got any idea what's going on. Another pile of crap. And then of course in the midst of all of this Howard comes on a year and spends all of his time promoting serious radio and we find out that at the end of his deal of being in a 2005 he's going to get off of infinity anyway and we won't have the show anyway. They'll be on serious. So this is a buckle, a botched mess if you ask me. It's a nightmare. But nevertheless we continue right along. Don't we? Somehow. Can you believe this? It's a staggering. We weren't ready for this. No, but I did not want you that a couple of percent of the audience at least was going to be listening on PVZ because if you live like in central Howard north, that thing comes in just fine. So you have a choice either here the show like pretty much in its pristine state or you hear like every tenth word bleaked out by the dump tub but monkey. Wow. Yeah, we were going to figure out what it was a real. Yeah, but actually he is squeezing his piece right now as I speak. Can you imagine? Nice going on. Come on. Yeah. Come on. Smell like lilacs baby. That's correct. So it's a movie. Right. All right. Come down. Rush Limbaugh appealed the state court rule and yesterday that would allow prosecutors to examine a conservative radio commentator's medical records for a criminal investigation and was used to pain killers. Limbaugh maintains that he's committed no crime enough to seizure of records violates his privacy. Attorney Roy Black asked for a re-hearing by the same three judge penalty for the district court of appeals or by all probability of field court judges. It also seeks additional review by the Florida Supreme Court. Patient rights are not protected by holding secret proceedings where only the prosecutor retends blacks and illegal finding Florida's medical privacy stands to support all patients to write to be heard before their medical records are seized. Investigators as you know rated Limbaugh's doctors or a fist last November to see if Rush Rush by the pedigames in doctor shopping or legally visiting several doctors to receive duplicate prescriptions was will moran out. This is Mark Morgan is the 12-1 hour on Q-8-M. Manila Black returns to NBC Thursday in a brand new company. Very raw. It's a good one. I'm Rachel. Hey, Phoenix. Who's a guy talking to? Who's all by himself? It's the legendary friend. I'm sorry. I'm a boy again. No, what else? Can I get to another drink? Yeah. It's not about the law case to be at all my friends. Right. One hour later. Come on out. Well, okay. Well, bring six stars. Don't make it. It's not about him. Imagine every friend. Only on NBC. So, that's where they can't imagine what it will do with our friends. Double one in five, 60. Marjorie happy Friday too. But this is like a death now. It must be like the end of the world around that joint. Yeah, it's a funeral music. You want the persons 25, 54? No. Okay. Bye, bye. All right. What media company route live is the most unfair and unbalanced other than 2 a.m. of course. Fox News, 252 almost 2 thirds of this crowd say Fox News. Out of what do we got on here? 535. Sincere broadcasting 62 tonight today, a big night in the right wing sunshine. Clear channel 54, CBS 24, CNN 17, MSNBC 8, freerehubber.com, 6 ABC 5, mmrnbc4 and newsmax.com. 3. Interesting. Thanks from TJ who says who gives me a little licky licky. He says the work you do, and just may win the election for John Kerry. Well, we're sure you're going to our best shot. I'll tell you that. Here is why before we go on, I just got to look at that again. The morning thing. What is this a beautiful judge? It's a joke. I beg your pardon. Sounds like a racial thing to me. So I was Jake. So I guess it is. WKAM in a morning from number 1 in the spring. This is 6. Oh no, this is overall. I'm sorry. We were number 1 in over a mile. We were kicking ass of the spring. Yeah, 5.0 chair, 0.3.7 chair, and number 5 in AM. Even our close personal friends, ancient Paul and old Ron beat the Power Dog. Badly. Five-old with 37. And like I said, 2% of the audience in South Florida, we're listening. I'm P.B.Z. On the buzz. Didn't I take it that? Didn't take a genius to figure that out? So we turned the whole radio station upside down. The O.J. on Provocator in South Florida. We know the reasons behind all the unmentsurable one. All the grief and the insurance and stuff that goes on. But no. And so when we did put it on, we had to have like, and not know where we can't, we say anything on this show anymore. But forget about that. But they got like, how many dumps a minute? About 30 minutes. Yeah. And so maybe this is just because it didn't have time to sink in. Maybe the word of mouth didn't get a dumps since we weren't doing any other kind of promotion. Let the public know that Stern was on QAM. And of course, once you do change format, like I've told you before, the sports people like they've done most. They're gone. Right. Let's say, prison. We also took that poll that one day that got somebody very upset. But the truth sometimes hurts when we found out that 64% of the audience who listened to the radio show doesn't listen to Howard Stern. So 64% of our audience hasn't got any idea when the show starts anymore. Wow. And if fall off from it is just enough to make you a plutz. Right. There you go. Right. He says the work you were doing may just when he listened for John Kerry. Here is why why the polls are really wrong. Most polls are based on black voters. Voter rules are public record available to anyone. Poling organizations use these records to define likely voters. If a voter is not voted in the past few elections, they are not likely voters. Not included in the polls, hiding under the radar. The polls are missing all these people. In 2000, only 46% of our registered Democrats voted the presidential election. Getting these slackers motivated enough to vote is the key to victory. It is not the underside of voters or the terminus election. It is the normally lazy apathetic registered Democrats were now fired up at the tip of the scales. You were doing great job. Yes, I am T.J. You may be preaching to the choir. But getting the choir actually voted is the key and you are doing it. Long given it is strong. So try and try to make a difference. I mean when you consider that they claim that the last election was one by only 537 votes in Florida they claim. That's when they stopped the vote counting. We can certainly influence a lot more than that. Plus if they'd let a few more dark votes vote, I never mentioned that we are very sorry to hear the passing of our friend Hudson over at Wayne Arnold. He's a little cancel. Hudson passed away. His white past away just a few months ago. There were no this how many times that happens a lot. A couple been married for many, many, many, many years. A long time and all of a sudden one of them will pass away with a very short period of time. They'll just can't keep going. So we're very sorry to hear about that and our condolences to Hudson's family and friends and Wayne and all of our good buddies at World Castle. 5675. I'm almost speaks to them. I just have to do the right to show me down on the floor. Because we were led to believe that this was going to be we had grabbed the golden grail baby. This was going to put us way up there at the top. We saw all of these. When you look at the numbers from the spring, what problem was there was there a problem? That's a lootly. Not. I don't see any problem back there in the spring. Even a moment when we just find him Joe was kicking ass in there between eight and ten. We were getting a really solid lead in there. We were had an H chair in the spring and men. Number one by a country mile. And you'll notice that we're going along all of a sudden in the summertime and you had that we're doing it a couple of good month and a half month and three quarters really solid. All of a sudden we're going there with his new deal here. Even FDR never saw a new deal like this. And now we've got an abortion going on. And we've got the people talking, Hids in the building. Oh, you're going to be just fine. And Howard's listeners are going to be here naturally to end up above a he right. Right. Our audience hadn't got any idea what time this show starts anymore. Quite frankly, and he's there to who we. I said down in this morning, you told me it was a Howard tape today. So I knew it started right right around ten which it did. But that's the only time we have any idea when we start. And that came as quite a shock to me by the way. I thought to myself, this must be a freaking they mirror. Anyway, so a couple of calls will be right along with just, you know, how many times can you get hammered. You know what I mean? How many times can they keep doing it to you? When you got a bunch of people doing their damn just working their asses off. Try to put a good show on every day. Keep the audience going out there and they just keep. It's tough to eat every time and when you deal with emotional basketball cases, every couple of weeks we've got to change the format. Move this one around. We're pissed off in this one. We're suspending that. We're crazy people. What an opportunity they were not a broadcast company. We're much of a crazy people in most of the cripples. Loomit six. But I'll take the money. Thank you. WQAN. Hello. Hi. Is this the. Is the radio station? Yes sir. WQAN. Okay. You're formally. I'm your friend. Is this new? Yeah. Oh hey Niel. Yeah. I have a few reasons. I'll be the one to call and say you got a good radio station. Thank you sir. No problem. Have a great day. See that was nice. He's making a little better. He knows that we're looking our wounds. We got our asses. We got wallets. Baby. We got screwed and tattooed. And we're the one show. We're not afraid to tell you about it. It'll pay not only the other stations. And we're going to have to do the only station on the dial. Or they only company that's in the business. And of course in pure channels. It just goes about right. But you know, we're here to tell you man. We got screwed. We took it man. I'll pipe the size amount of rush more. I came off the top of our head. And I can't tell you where they inserted it. But you've used your imagination. Okay. Right. Don't be saying that. Joyce will be getting all a titter. WQAN. Hello. Yeah. Morning, Niel. Yes sir. Good afternoon. I finally see you get him to talk about this early morning thing. What about one? About the early morning. Yeah. I hope that they visit look like it's working out too well. There's a face to face. The numbers we just got. It looks like it's a nightmare. What I'm an art in the list of years. What I do in the morning is because I'm not a stern listener. Right. I turn on an assistant to Mike and have a good joke. And then I get it with you by 11 because I don't know what that issue will start. Right. You know. So I just wanted to say my feast man. And I hope it changes. Joyce, kick it. Okay. Okay. Probably. Good. Okay. Okay. Bye. Wow. I got my pile here, but I'm so emotionally. I mean, you know, we might actually be number one and certainly number two is not that bad. Especially converting the rest of it when on. We'll take that. So look at that again in the morning. Yeah. And keep in mind. Keep in mind by the way that we don't come on a ten o'clock. So the idea of even ten to two is not going to be accurate. Well, number we got. I think we are number one. You and I and Josh. And Boca. See what I'm saying? And Boca Brian. There's no way to really experience. And Eric, there's no way to extrapolate like ten thirty or ten forty five to two. I think maybe we'll have to do like eleven to two to be fair as far as these bonuses are concerned. I'm not taking any. And either should you guys have taken any financial fall off because stern fellow on his face and his face and and because it's also on a Palm Beach station. And it's got a great signal and taking a couple of points away from us. See what I'm saying? Well, guess what? Well, no, but listen to me. If he did only a four between six and ten, where are we when he do? Oh, sorry. I'm exaggerating. A three seven. Jesus. Even more than ever had a number like that. Well, maybe a couple times. But I mean, you know, what was doing five there in the spring? If he did a three seven that between six and ten by the ten they got to the final 45. Robins stories and a from the 85 concerts there. What the other day have left? You see what I'm saying? I do. So between ten and ten 45 my God, we must have been on points. I'm eleven or two is a bonus time. The way I'm looking at it. Every eight of my hour. Let's see what that looks like. Yeah, let's say. And in fact, that's what we'll do with city hour. These nine hours if they are at least came out good to eleven and two. Then we'll take the bonus from there. And if not, we'll take whatever hours best and that will be our bonus. This course is a real Roger. And a school of six. On five sixty sixty. A Q A M. Only in the commander Republic, baby. Only in Miami. W Q A M is proud to bring you the W Q A M School of Broadcasting. Yes, you do. Can have an illustrious career in the wonderful world of radio. If you follow our curricula, the course is free. Of course you'll work for free. Go on when 800 wannabe and speak to our director of education. Mr. Lenny Marzens. No, there might be a broadcast. Oh, a watch. A watch. A watch. Yeah. No. No, that's it. For Oscar. You say news. Be good. No. News. News. News. News. News. News. Turning He has zero road from the office. 3 million. Noed there he is. Absolutely won't. He has the FSIS No way. What? Just one Pir Systems. I know they hear me after the height, so fine to give them. And I often do Los Angeles, So my ancestors did you have to take a look a little while ago. I was still searching for something important here. Andsigh! Now that's my type of man to their beating. And Gaufra D  Girlapa with melted AGss And Gbergrebound with oxygen! Yes it's the wonderful world of Radeo! All Radeo! Where you can hear your own voice! Let the WQA and school of broadcasting provide you with the essential tools you'll need to make your wet radio dreams come true I mean a 1.2 That's us Call my teen at five six. He would change in the pool We used to go to the next year. Yes, I didn't write it out really very well, but I don't care I'm just I'm just whipped into a frenzy myself Six hundred and three here's the final result on the first pool. I've asked this to Eric and I'm sure that as soon as he can give his little fingers on that Typewriter He can get this on it, right? Because the first pool today. What media company route with us the most unfair and unbalanced fast news 399. I said I've more taken a pool because they're in a league of themselves. They're out in the league of their own Sink their broadcasting 68 cheap channel 61 and a way on down cbs 26 c and and 23 were public.com 8 MS and bc 8 abc 6 and bc 4 and news mask calm had three specials it is here's a new pool And we did this once before all look at this next week schedule and looks like everybody's name is still on there huh although Thursday between four and seven. It's got several questions mark. Now what's going on next Thursday? Maybe the Humper's back on vacation. Maybe he's suspended again. I see his on Monday's your Wednesday. Well, who knows more power to him? Okay? We love your Humper Anyway, here's the new pool ever changed it like I said we did this before we found out that 64% of this audience doesn't listen to how it's turned What's your sixth to 10 morning radio listening like is what we're asking? See we never asked you quite that way because I never wrote it up this fast See what I'm saying? I say here the choices I've got and probably you'll add some more because I did this very hastily during that last break I listen to stirred on QAM I listen to stirred on another station which could be the Palm Beach station of the Fort Nier station Depending on where they live and what their radio is doing and how far they're antennistics out I don't listen to radio before Neil. I listen to waxy. I listen to era America. I listen to Paul and Ron or let's do a music station So I put music station as we don't want to put all the yellow one by one side by each right who cares? This is just to get kind of a feel is to what the hell is going on here because it doesn't really look Look this this here that I'm seeing in these pages I realize that the numbers are skewed and it was very heavy ethnic number and a lot of right winners got diaries and Rush did well again. Let's see how Bill are Riley did Okay, if he if he finally ever showed up at all if he evidently isn't put much of a dent into rushes numbers there in midday Because what did I would do? They went from three six back up to a five one in the summertime and what is Bill are Riley on Ftl? The light bulb Even Mr. Eagle had a point two on it. Oh, that's right. He's not on midday. I don't I don't even see it I don't think Bill are Riley right just you're gonna work here. I think he had a oh point oh if he asked me I'm looking I'm looking I'm still looking I'm searching and I don't find it Nothing he was supposed to be making a photographic phone calls Who's in sensitive to gaze start with the change right Ellen Goodman? Let's see if I have this right she says Republicans in our queason Democrats have been sensitive to gay Americans At least after John Kerry mentioned Mary Cheney in the third debate talk radio hosts finally found a lesbian They wanted to protect even the homophobic wing of cable TV rally to the sport of a family with a gay offspring Meanwhile Did change to describe himself as a pretty angry father and then Cheney said of the senator. This is not a good man What's wrong with this picture? Remember way back when in the 80s when big Cheney racked up on the most anti-gave voting records in the house representatives In 88 who is one of 13 members who isn't voting against funding for AIDS testing research when it was still called a gay plague Well Cheney's come as far as many other Americans and for the same essential reason the more people in our families workplaces and communities come out of the closet The harder it is to regard them as deviants who need to be cured or converted or jailed Mary was by no means out of the national television she was already out she lives with a long time partner Whereas a ring and has worked professionally marketing course bearded a gay community She and Heather Poles had the permission under the camera lights with the rest of the family She's not a child but the director of vice-presidential campaign operations and her father's chief confident Did Cheney's talk openly about his gay daughter one day rare moments that warm his icy persona He even opposes the constitutional men against same-sized marriage that the president supports so ardently If Cheney hasn't argument with anybody it's with his running mate George Bush But the pretty angry father hasn't directed any of that anger with you Republican platform is running on As for lynch any who called carries comments a cheap and topy political trick What is she called they are and see mailing that warned evangelicals that if carriers elected the Bible will be banned and gay marriage will be the law of the land High-minded After Republican convention Alan keys the Republican candidate for Illinois senator said home a sexuality is basically on the premise of selfish hedonism When asked of Mary Cheney was a selfish hedonist he answered of course she is did lancal Allen keys a bad man Cheney for his part said that this incident proves carry will say into anything in order to get elected What about the anti-gay marriage amendment's wasting the balance of 11 states and fully swing states like Ohio? Did he criticize the campaigns use of the gay issue to get evangelicals to the polls who who will say into anything he elected? And two days after the debate there was a rally in Washington Washington dubbed mayday for married the nonpartisan crowd full of birthday new buttons was his anti-gay as a guest That I miss when the candidates distance themselves from mayday Mary Cheney's an endangered species a gay Republican a campaign so hostile that even the law of capital Republicans refused to endorse Bush this year She's loyal to her father whose loyal to the president Is it any wonder that many people in the gay community takes she's working for the enemy? There's even a milk cart and posted on the internet that asked the question have you seen her or is that the internet? Yes, I'm sure that Mary doesn't want to be seen as the gay body Yes, Terry could have made his point that homosexuality's not a choice without her help and yes The imposter of a candidate's family some space in privacy is the right one But what Mary presumably wants in term of privacy and acceptance is it the heart of the gay communities pursuit a full equal rights Which are party opposes? It's the people who still regard lesbian as a dirty word who most criticized the senator for using it So here we have it the Republicans are using gay bashing on a cultural warprab back to the White House While they spin this story so masterfully that they looked like the sensitive protectors of a family with a gay daughter They've actually won political points existing my curious picking on a gay woman while they on the other hand if compassion for the conservative Chains Hotband they're good at this next thing. You know Carl Rov and company will figure out a way for the candidate who sort of served in the Ironational guard to win political points over the neckweight and betterment of the event now more They might even try to turn his his purple hearts New Roger Why the you best is On the next Oprah you'll be shocked you'll be amazed You'll be talking about it for the next however long until she's shot you again Oprah makes your wildest dreams come true today and Every one of the studio audience all 276 members get a brand new Then tomorrow all 276 studio audience members get a brand new You The next day all 76 audience members get a new prosthetic arm Dr. Pay four even though she could be set out You can have 12 80 $5 60 WC and the man dog at 2 from hooter's and camera fines. The humpening pays from mac Zhao the chef Know the big ah who is the relative of client any K-backer again for more punishment at 10 to 9. This is a great disembaker with bumper sticker, somebody said George Bush, making enemies faster than we can kill them. Absolutely. Yes, good point. Come on, we got about 30 votes. Stop turning man. We're in fuller. It's up there. We need everybody to vote on this today and over the weekend. What's your morning, 6 to 10 a.m. radio listening like? 30 votes. I don't listen to radio before Neil 9. I listen to Waxy 6. I listen to a music station for it. I listen to Sturton on QAM4, that's 13.3%. I listen to Sturton on another station for it. Uh-oh. I listen to Paul and Ron too. Well listen to Aramaica too. You know what we need to find out. When did Sturton go on PBC on the buzz and convict? Okay. What is important? Why is that important? Even the rail because it shows the 1.9 for the summer book. We keep in mind. He was only on. I don't know. Maybe a month and a half of that. I don't know what the date was that he went on there. You see what I'm saying? I do. The main is divided like over a period of three months. For example, if he went on September, which I know he went on before then, but you just, as an example, he would multiply time of three. In other words, a 5.7, which would be a disaster. For us. My option is that on this poll, that would be a nitpicker, but I will anyway. Go ahead and PR. PPR put it on. We can add on. Here, Jack and a little something there. Although he's probably the person I've said. Now that we have these shrimp-like numbers, I'll start to work on that bad. It's basically going to be the rest of the day, but it's just the idea that we've been yanked around again, man, and don't even feel too good. So while somebody will have to let us know what the hell the story was with the buzz when they put them on in Palm Beach. Because that one nine is obviously only a fraction. It may be half or 40 percent. Maybe about a hundred man. Well, whatever they really got during the summer book. So there are many people listening to this during on a station that comes in clear, and that also doesn't chop out as much as we have to do. And as a result, there you go. I mean, let's put you two about a hundred votes on this. I'll revisit this thing again. By the way, just showed the latest state by state poll, even though of course we are able to do it, they don't mean that much, but carry a little bit of head was constant again. Thank goodness, he's got to win Minnesota was constant. He has got to win those. Trust me when I tell you. He can't afford to be losing states that gore one. WCQA and hello. QAN. QAN. Huh? Yes, sir. Yes, sir. I just, I just, I just, I just, I just wanted to call him and say I'm talking about how it's turned. Yes, I, I feel the same way. I don't like how it's turned. I think you and George, to a great job, you all have a great radio station. I'm just wondering about, you're talking about the dropping of your rating. I feel that the, the, the great one. Yeah, I'll tell you. Okay, great. WQA and hello. QAN. QAN. Yeah. That's not fair. WQA and hello. I know. Yes, sir. Yeah, I got one for the poll. What about a, put on their satellite radio, like XM slash serial. Okay, you got a man satellite radio you got. All right. Thanks. Thanks, buddy. That's the way the future obviously satellite radio. Major League baseball went to S.M and F.L. and now looks like maybe the NBA or go on serious, stern as going on serious. That's where it's going to all be at. And the base is going to come on. It's going to be like a standard factory install equipment. They're just about every car out of the sun. And then, of course, they got the U to smaller and less expensive units. Now, they can take it to the house and strap on your belt and do like a sunny walkman and stick it where the moon don't shine and things like that. By the way, he's been on the bus since July 19th. July 19th. So now we have to feel a little bit better about it because that means July August and September. So not all of July. Right. See what I'm saying. So let's just add another point. Okay. Okay. And like a six to five point. Say you had a two five. Okay. Okay. If you take the two five minutes to our three seven, that's six point two percent of the South lower audience is also in the start of the morning. And again, with their little or no promotion anyway. Which isn't great enough spectacular number, but it's not all that bad coming back out of the blue. You know, with no promotion. So that would be all that bad. The only problem of it is we've lost almost half of it to somebody else. See where I'm coming from on it. Throtto. Right. Where it's kind of overcast in the 14 degrees 58. Or 58. What are you talking about? It's toasting man. It's beautiful. This is the time of the year. You got a love. You got to read that first year. What's your morning six to ten radio listening like we want 50,000 people ready to ring on a 65 votes. I don't listen to radio before he'll 16. Okay. I listen to era America 13. That's a good choice. I listen to. I listen to sir and I QAM a dozen. Okay. 18.4 percent. I listen to waxing nine. I listen to sir and on another station seven. I listen to all G seven. That's 11 percent. We got 12 and the other stations got seven. I listen to a music station four. I listen to Ryan Paul four, which is. Well, it is what it is. I don't see NTR on there yet. Josh. I don't see satellite radio on there yet. We're working on it. Are you just. Huh? You need a refresh. Oh. Oh. Okay. It's so refreshing. That's. And it is mild. There it is. And you don't want to make any book. Now it's interesting because he's got NPR. I'm voting for it anyway. Wow. Sydney Blumenthal writes. Sydney Blumenthal of course former senior advisor to built. Fitten Washington bureau chief of Solanda. Com rights. Passing almost without notice earlier this month. The public release of the civil rights record of the George W. Division of Administration. The official Stanford report prepared by the US civil rights commission. Who's submission is required by federal law was blocked by the Republican Commissionaries. Nonetheless, it was posted on the commission's website. This report finds that President Bush has needed to exhibit leadership on pressing civil rights issues and were taken actions that matched his words. Bush has held a civil rights commission in contempt since its June 2001 report on election practices in Florida during the 2000 campaign. Then it concluded the commission's findings make one thing clear. Why spread voter disenfranchisement not to bet he'd contest was the extraordinary feature in the Florida election. The disenfranchisement of Florida's voters fell most harshly on the shoulders of black voters. Best efforts to mobilizeers at pressed African-American Hispanic and Democratic voters have already reached the greater level of intensity than in any other modern campaign. The Republicans in Ohio, for example, have attempted to toss out new Democratic registrations because of this claim that were written on the wrong weight of paper of gamut overall by federal court. From Pennsylvania to Arizona, the Republican can sell the firm as discouraging new democratic voters from getting on the voting rolls. Meanwhile, the Democratic Party has got more than 10,000 attorneys deployed to defend against voter suppression, 2000 of them stationed in Florida. Civil rights groups are sending out more than 6,000 lawyers. Bush vs. Gore means it often wound in other battle over voting rights over democracy itself is being fought again. Since 2002 and Republicans exploited terrorism to be submerged to patriotism of Democrats and midterm elections, what can only be called a new Democratic Party has been summoned into existence by extra party groups. More than 100,000 activists are trampling through the precincts and Ohio alone more than 300,000 Democratic voters have been added. Cecil Richards director of American votes told me these numbers. These registrations of literally millions of new voters didn't just happen they were organized. The polls nearly also and did even raise failed to account for the new voters who have no past records. They don't measure those for whom a mobile is their main phone. 6% of the population will vote Democratic by March of 2.5 to 1. The democracy core pollover fills filters in newly registered voters. Four months ago the newly registered made up only 1% of the sample. One month ago they comprised 4%. Now there is 7% and rising and it will vote for Cario Verbush by March of 61 to 37%. Bush's job approval is fallen out of 47 and is pooled. Presidents below 50 always lose. Bush is not campaigned in Ohio for three weeks so it plans to stop there this week. Unemployment continues to rise in the state. There is no other explanation for his absence to Stanley Greenberg. No offense 1992 campaign pollster. Other than his numbers go down when he is there, his position on jobs is implausible. The democracy core research shows that the best arguments for either candidate shift no voters. The deciding factor will be the turnout to hire the turnout to large of the vote for Democrats. Since 9-11, infused Bush with a mission, he is evoked hovering angels, Crusades, Mushroom Clouds, Eval Duors, shades of a universe of death. His imagery includes a dynamic of paralysis before the threat and further further in embrace it as absolute reassurance and power, read without end requires faith without limit. Yet Bush bought himself on the defensive with a New York Times reported on the closed gathering of his campaign contributors where he revealed his radical program for a second term right when captured the Supreme Court, privatizing social security, turning over an Azure line that he will accomplish and work tax cuts for the rich. Terry was prompted to raise these issues in Bush-wide to Terry was practicing the politics of fear. The next day he did take a projected service to stood in nuclear weapons within the US and offered Bush's a savior from the looming apocalypse. No passion so effectively robs the mind of all his powers of acting in reasoning as terror, wrote an in-virk, but not even the eve of destruction will strifle the turnout, since it would be looming thall. No, it seems a real rush for us to find something to shoot any end. Pat, flowers and everything and if there's anything you need, well, you know where we are. Ready? Yeah! There they go. All never ending pancakes down at I-Haw. Oh, last time they did that. Jainpug the pancake all over the book, of course. Right now at I-Haw, it's never ending pancakes combos. You get these breakfast flavors with two buttermilk pancakes. Then we'll keep bringing you pancakes free at a time so you've had your fill. I'm so full I'm sick. Jainpug those pancakes away. With the pancakes through English, there's no telling how long you'll stay. Hey, you've been an eye-haw for three days. How you feeling? Come on, please. Just thinking about it makes me want to hop right over to the magic ball, you know? It's never less. But 1246. And here's a very interesting statistic, okay? Because I want to be these people. It's in the statistics. I don't know why. On it. But remember I said that in the first pull we took on this after Stern was on for a few weeks on the station. And 60% of our audience didn't listen to Stern. Well, if you look at the numbers here, the first 125 votes on our second pull of the day for our new number of people. I listen to Stern on QAM 20%. I listen to my number of stations 13.6%. So you have those together and you got 34%. Well, 34 for my number to 66%. Which almost matches the 64%. See what I'm saying? What do you know? See what I'm saying? Huh? 64%. I get it. I don't know. We don't have to. Didn't listen to Stern period. And now, 66. Whatever it is, I'm saying number. Who either don't listen to my QAM or another station. Which isn't not on Howard. It's just the fact that a big part of our audience doesn't listen to Howard Stern show. So the fact that they haven't got any idea what time the show starts. What's that all about? Huh? Hmm? Anyway, what's your morning? Six to ten and radio listening. Like I don't listen to radio before Neil 27. About 20%. I listen to Stern on QAM 27.9%. I listen to ERA America 20.14.5%. I listen to Stern on another station 19. 19.13.8%. So you had 19 and 13.8. What he got? 33.5. You take away 32.5. You got 65.6.6. See what I'm saying? Hmm? I listen to WAC 15. Probably Joe Rose, but also Mike and Mike somebody fact. Whoever they are. NPR 13. I listen to a music station, which we don't listen to while 100 out 105. The coast, the glove 94. Whatever it is eight. I listen to Paul and Ron eight. We didn't put the WAC O'NJACO. What's your name? There's a city in the city. Whatever they didn't put them on it. And satellite radio and none yet. Wow. Do we want to put Luxembourg on this? If you want Luxembourg, if you want to put them on it. I want to put it. But it does make Josh do something. So let's go ahead and let him do a little work. Okay. And he puts in the effort of a shrimp most day. That's okay. This confused. Let's see. Mornings. What's the stationery on there on Z? I'm looking. I see that PB's eating there and it bothers me a lot. It's just, oh. My record is twitching. Just looking at that. Come on. Let's in the text. The next. Oh, there they are. From a five point. Oh, the spring to a two point six. Well, they also. Wow. Okay. So, let's see. Let's see. For your pool, Peggy, a faithful female, let's do a real life show. So, she listens to Joe Rose on 790 and clicks over to see how mine after 1030. She hates how it's turned. So, in other words, like today, there was an autonomous chance in hell that Peggy would have been listening to 10 o'clock. We were talking to ourselves. We were talking about 35% of our audience. At 10 o'clock, so it's in 30, 30 for whatever. Right? Hello. Hello. Anybody out there? Run. No. See, this again goes to sure the lack of the low regard in which we're held by management, the lack of appreciation for understanding the enormous audience we've got over there. Not just building the 70 years on QAM, but like the preceding 21 years in a market, going on close to. Not good hands and so forth. Okay? There are a lot of people out there who actually like this. You know, that may come as a shock to certain people like Maddie, Bollinger, a Surner, and the water notes. You've been nevertheless putting it like that. So you can fact in if you want to give us your hour call, and we'll take a million calls between now and two of us. The numbers seem the numbers were one thing, but now looking at this other factor. You know, they're a certain factor. You're heard of the O'Wiley factor. This is the certain factor. Even Max factor, never saw anything like this. Speaking of pancakes. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pound 5, 60 on the horizon. I mean, I think we ought to demand you 11 to 2. Like you said, when we get the hour by hour in a few days, I'll probably choose your Wednesday. And we'll take a look at that. And we'll see. And if he did a big number there between 10 and 11, and you know, what can we say? Because we're supposed to believe that, all of this is where you're going to help that he arrived at your show because Howard's going to throw in his huge number, because he's on most of that 10 o'clock hour, and we get, you know, bonus based on 10 to 2. Well, I believe that. I, so did I. I thought he gave us a pretty good goose. I think they're in straight, but I don't feel what. WDQA, I'm hello. Yeah, I don't. Pretty good. Man, you got to go have a chance, man, because there was just Joe Rose got almost people listening to him show leverage because they don't know what time how it's going. It goes off and what time you start. So that's right. So that's right. Right. Right. That's 10 o'clock hour off. Yeah, you might as well, man. Take care. Okay. See, that's, that's a guy. He knows what he's talking about. And of course, I'm sure a lot of people feel that way. Joe Rose was, let me tell you something right now. Okay. Sun. Right now. I'm digging in my boat right now. You heard that? Bell like, cast from now now. I just ripped open my drawer. I had it here somewhere. I guess I don't have it no more. I had the actual 8 to 10 AM. I know Joe Rose had like a 6 something sure between 8 and 10 am in the spring book. He had two awesome hours in there between 8 and 9 and 9 and 10 am. And then we followed that and we had an awesome book. So to be able to, you know, if you're going to come in with all this valley who and to risk the license and put all this other stuff at risk it on the line and have some poor guy sitting there with his finger on the old button. And then I sit in there, pin in there pants under the wall. And then I stand there and they're going to say crap. Or when I go back to you, pin the button. I mean, was it really worth it so far? I mean, granted it's early in the ball game. But then again, keep in mind, we've only got 15 months to go. In fact, you know what, we've only got 14 months to go because it's almost quite a bunch of we got November December. And then it seems to me 12 plus 2 is 14. See, I can't deal with people and I've seen it everywhere that I've worked in this business. People who just can't leave well enough alone or kick and ask their own a market. Their just money is rolling the hand over fist. No, they can't leave it alone. Hey, we got a better idea. You know what it's like? It's like your kid takes a toy or somebody has pissed off anyone. Like they get a call that gets him really pissed off. And they take the phone. You see people try to smash the receiver. You know, the old fashioned phones that have receiver. Great. And then they just keep back to that until they smash it. Until it breaks. That's what's going on at 2 a.m. Humphrey dumpsy. You know, actually the pieces through all the miracles of all the different incarnations of the first scene in the worst scene. And Ron Hirsey and Ron Harris and all the other different people in DFO and the Indians and all this stuff. And we still managed to like keep it together. Right? Summer. So let's just keep breaking it and banging out it until we can finally just demolish it. I think I can still be a kid. Yeah, that's it. I can hear the pieces one by one hitting the floor. I hope I'm wrong. I hope that this was just a one month aberration and now. Right. So for the purging month. Yeah, right. I'm ready to purge like I told you. Big time. And I've noticed that the people in the building, not a one of my chain names, the ones that I don't speak to anymore because they give me a Ajira. I don't see any useful information here like the monthly that would give us an indication of just how off all of us September was. You see any of that yet? No, they're in an office or something. They're what? In an office. Maybe they went to lunch. I don't know. Well, that's really useful. And they went by and went to want to talk to them. So we need something worthwhile. Some information, something either positive or negative, but something that might be enlightening to us. The audience, the other people are working on a radio station. No, have to ask for it. Don't you hate the way the way the way the robes say. Some people listen to other streams from other stations around the USA. In other words, like on the internet as the person would say. The internet. So how do we want to put that? You know what I'm saying? You want to put that? You know what I'm saying? Okay. Yeah, put the internet radio on the internet. Here's some of the news. WQA in Hello. Yeah, this is an urban. I want to check a mail. Monty urban? Urban. Urban. Urban. Shunware. How are you doing, urban? Urban Miller. Oh, hi. This is I. No. I go out with that gun KAT. I never did my guy. Oh, yeah. I never listed an hour story show. I wait until he goes off and I come back on to you. How do you know what he's going to go off? Because I'm in my call. I don't know what time for I go back and forth from my home. I don't know what time for I go back and forth from my home. I don't know what time for I go back and forth from my home. I don't know what time for I go back and forth from my home. Yeah. But you know what? I want to see the file last night. The room. If you get the story the time of the year and the 80s. Yeah. Some years back. Oh, shut up. If they have a program last night, I'll see the size of the ladies taking the year and for that they can stay. Stay young and look beautiful. I got all my dad. Neil Vardin. You are a lady. Have filed a minute. I bet you look a day overnight. You have an argument. I keep the work going. Good work. Put in the man. Keep put in. We need your help. Yeah. We need your help. Because now, again, it's one of these deals where he's got us in a kettle of fish. We can't get out of them. We're stuck with this deal for another 15 months. It's unacceptable. Remember that I was screaming and ranting about that. Then I said, well, we just make the mess to what we can because we like working shorter hours. We're too screwed. But as far as from the audience standpoint of the show, it's kind of like, hey, somebody just stuck their foot up your ass. I'm sorry. Foot up to your ass. Don't excuse me. But what? W2A and hello. Yeah. Hi. Hi, Josh. Pretty good. I tell you they're going to be at the Tamaractic Community Center. Oh, Marshall. All right. Okay. Marshall, how's the street to clothes? It's going to be a due jam over there, I guarantee it. Absolutely. I guess he's looking for a leftover for straw me as something. I know that. Another note. I don't forget the ladies. Better tell them not to go to the last guy who started campaigning at the Deli's looking for a pastramy was Wesley Clark. But how about we're conferred, man? Yeah, not too low. I was thinking of things to. Anyway. You know, I listened to, I would have just fallen rotten on the gator. You know, I would have shut off my radio. I put it on about 10.45 and that's why I could catch you. I mean, I'm typical of, I think, what a lot of people are doing now. Wow. And I'm in my car pretty much all day. So for those 45 minutes, I had a dig out some some cakes and CDs and, well, I put around the stations and stuff like that. I'm ready to commit hairy carry right now, you know? You know, I mean, I used to be a stern fan, you know, when I lived in New York 15 years ago, but he's doing the same material. Yeah. So, I thought he was starting for me to move on. I was no big deal when he kind of came there. I left that line there, my friend. It's time for me to move on. Thanks a lot, Pally. Have a great weekend. You too. But I say how to drive carry for us. So give me a few extra votes. 1256 is 560. You are a constipated station QAS. You are the same as me. You're a Roger. Exclusively. On 560. You're the same thing. So, this is an, this is not a tumor. It's the one to two hour. We're going to see that we're like a real football. They brought out a headline that will be too far the door. You say, and say, it's the one to get out of there. I don't live on. They say, do you know what? Don't point it down to the ground. We got it. That way I'll put it in the shade. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We should not live in this with a guy here to do. And if it is a little home, call me car to the grave. You do what they say. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. One old tree. I'm going to tell you. You thought the other numbers were. Did you see these? We have it. Look in the teeth. These numbers are. This is one of the most incredible stories in the history of broadcasting. I've been waiting for since I was 17 years old. 34 going on 35 years. I have never ever seen such a debacle. So say destruction of a superpower. Even when a Soviet Union collapsed. It pale in a wince of the significance compared to the collapse of a once powerful sports and entertainment dynamo that was up until a couple of months ago in a WQAM. Wow. I hope somebody we know is listening. I don't want to mention any names. You don't want to talk about it. No. Huh? Sorry. I was watching the TV. Oh, you're watching Kerry on there. There's a whole has him with a lead about 10 points. But another survey. And he's showing him behind President Bush with women. The reason is so clear. Oh, yeah. Behind women, right. Sure. I'm listening. So one thing about CNN. They can find a pool with even bushes ahead in Washington D.C. If you believe that. That's how all there is. I hope he's listening to right now. Chris is making a turtle with amusement and joy. Men 18 plus. Now keep in mind that QAM has been a sports station primarily because they show for the last several years. And we've done extraordinarily well. Thank you. You look at SISA and the midnight in the. I mean, five point month by month from April to August. Five point three five point six three point nine three seven and some are time again. Well, you know, who's on four point one. September. A two point four in men. Oh, my God. That's because they what about we showed you happens when it's station changes this format and we that's what we did. We didn't just eliminate move. I got the right line. I got the right line. First of all off of there and Kelly and Joe, we change the right of the radio station. Two point four. Now the morning number, this is when the high ball to the Howard Stern Show is on. And this is enough to make me get down on my hands in these and Pueke. enormous puddles of Pueke. gigantic that you can like Alice in Wonderland. April, this is in mornings 6.1. Now this of course is still Joe Rose in the Moe, right? Moe and Jodi in Joe. Right, the old Moe Joe. We had to Moe Joe go in and somebody just like Austin Power stole our Moe Joe. May 39, huh? June 39. Joe, I back up to a 4.8. Then August, which was the beginning of nightmare 3.3 and September, are you ready boys and girls for a number that will set your testicles tickling? A 1.5. Oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god. Oh my god. I think that's a record. We could be, as a matter of fact, let me say this. Remember before I was joking about playing this? We could play that before. Listen, between 6 and a a and for 4 hours. It's just a name, musman fact, your people get a good chuckle in a moe. It's more than a 1.5, sure. That is a, I've been again in disaster. That is a nightmare. That's worse than when we run another station. They can funnel them. That is pathetic. Mid days was no great chase either. Went from a 6.6 and April and 8.0 and men in May of 5.6 and June 5. And July 5.6 and August 2.3.2 and September, have we ever seen a number on a show of men that low? No, of course that concludes the 10 to 11 hour. Oh, oh. And the afternoon was our only saving grace. That there was any great number, but they had a 4.0 down from a 4.5. And August, but the whole station took a hint. There is no question about that. But this was supposed to be the turning point. This was going to put us over the top. This was the great pool man, even in Latin America. They never saw a bloodless school as a tremendous as is. Even when Bush told the election in 2000, it wasn't a bloodless school as gigantic as it's getting a stern on QAM. Well, I'm just becoming physically ill. That plays in like a cancer. A cancer. You've watched your morning 6 to 10. Radio-alisting like I listened to stir on QAM. 47. We've got 241 votes. I hope we get about 3000 by the time we sit down here on Monday morning. If we're still alive, if we can survive this. 47. 19. 1. Let's listen to us. I don't listen to it before Neil 41. I listen to a America 37. NTR 39. 33. I listen to stir on another station. 33. 13.6%. So we add those stir numbers to get it got 33. I point one and a third. Which means two thirds of the Saudi and Stirlas in the Howard Stern have no idea when they show starts. I listen to Black Sea 19. I listen to a music station. 13. And like Alona said that Sunday noted the ups and if they put everybody open by their heads. 17. 40. Em White 42. 80. 49. 80. Oct metal. 201. 40. Fantastic. Today, it will turn turned around on Afghans. 19. influencing say yeah. 44. Now I get 50. I wonder 12. advantage of an absence of safeguards to prevent illegal double voting. And Orlando sent Los Angeles' invoting records in Florida, Georgia and North Carolina for more than 68,000 cases in which voters with the same names and dates of birth were registered in the two states in 1650 cases, records indicate those voters cast ballots in Florida and another state in the 2000 or 2002 midterm elections. The study focused on Georgia and North Carolina because among states with voting databases that are public record, they have the largest population of Florida registered voters. The potential number of double voters in Florida could be in the thousands more than enough to have affected Florida's 2000 election but supposedly Bush won by 537 most in the thousands of double bippers. And of course if they voted in Georgia and North Carolina, do you think they voted for Gore? Uh-uh. Not likely. It's a felony for voters to cast ballots in two states in the same election but those who double vote face little chance of being caught because election officials seldom check whether voters are registered or voting in other state. election officials in the voting yesterday they have long known that some voters flouted the law to cast extra ballots and a partridge in a part tree. And it goes on to some sent law to feel we that goes on for like pages and pages and be pressing. This is not a good way to be ending the week. It's a little bit too depressing here. Let's play this button. Okay. All right. All right. Well since you were willing. We had to do something to make us proud of our face. A 1,5 and man in a morning all I could say is. Right. Let's take some calls. Okay. Let's take a whole bunch of calls between now and two. Make us feel better. All right. W2A and hello. W2A and hello. Hey, Dr. Neil, please. Speaking. A Neil. Yeah. Like to thank Greg Reed for these great ratings. Yeah. And what kind of second ad emotion by the way? And I'd like to know what kind of numbers we had the great morning guy on the edge. Was that Reverend Joe's again? No. He just said, well, what's it again? Is he still there? Yeah, I'm here. Okay, right. I know, but I'm still here, but I'm here. Hey, listen, you know, I kind of predicted that because I never listened to the morning show before. Mm. And I was listening to Howard on one of three point one. Or he had 96 front, and I didn't get him both here in four hours. Right. And then I was, but I was kind of glad I was going to come to you guys. You're like, well, you know, now I have to go to Miami in the morning. I can still listen to it. Right. But you guys didn't even have hours to show on it. What the hell, yeah. But it's not that I was turned show. Well, you know, you have a piece of, you have a piece of twist. She's with a whole bunch of holes in her collar, part of the Howard's turn show. Well, right. You can't bring in in her, then I can't get up to what you acted up and expect people to like it. Since I got to happen. Yeah. All right. Take good luck. I'm going to kill myself. Thanks a lot, pal. Ha ha ha ha. Oh, I mean, wasn't I, wasn't I asking myself these things out loud on the year? Once upon a time, we back in August when this debacle began, wasn't I saying, how many people have been listening to like chopped up water down, uh, uh, plants, holes in a million places, uh, version of the same thing that they can hear. Loud and clear from central Robert all the way up to North Palm Beach line. Am I right? Or I know. Or I react to. Okay. We ought to share a word out of nothing else. It may not be good, but at least they're consistent. It's 12 minutes after one at five, 60 WQN, with all the hurricane mess we had in September. Armstrong Ford, a homestay that has got to clear out our meeting O'Fourst to make room for the 2005s. We'll save like never before an all remaining O'Fourst and stock ready for immediate delivery, and you can choose him a whole bunch, Rangers, Tundra's F-150 pickups, explorers and expediation's convict, torsive, focuses and mustangs. Every O'Fourst and the Lod Armstrong Ford homestay has been drastically reduced, and you'll save thousands and thousand dollars. Plus Armstrong Ford offers more vetted with the look customers when you buy your Ford for Armstrong Ford to get their exclusive tires and batteries for life program that is correct, tires and batteries for life. And the value of get Armstrong Ford goes on and on because now they're offering your free Florida Sun Pass with any vehicle you buy. If you've been looking for a new car but been putting it off late no longer because they were rich in the staff at Armstrong Ford homestay, we'll guarantee you the best price and don't forget. These folks are locally owned and operated, they treat you just like family and they guarantee you will get a better deal on a Ford anywhere in town. Fact will bet great leads life on it. No bait and switch no phony deals Armstrong Ford homestay. There are 307 25 South-Tixie Highway, just 20 easy minutes south of the 836. Check them on a web Armstrong cars.com and travel a little and save thousands on that new Ford only at Armstrong Ford of homestay. The store seems a little Roger Sitz's course. Why do you best? And I like to taste. And you've got Superman. What does it think? What does it think? We've got DShiva. Don't you cook before a run? Let's go for the WIDE OBWS flowing out one that has a network calculation of 287R down to 97. That's a Resource Area 6 protocol that we've been working for for more than a 2. 1,755,50W, I'm ticker-wook at that pool if you have a strong stomach, okay? 282 votes, I'll get to it in a minute. Honduran ministers is all kind of recruiting central American gang members. This is what we've accomplished because we really kept our iron ball fighting all kind of right. Not only are they recruiting more and more terrorist groups all over Iraq, but they didn't exist before we invaded before the Iraq attack. Now it's a U.S. online security department nightmare in Honduras' most-out spoken cabinet member says it is happening. Al Qaeda operatives recruiting central American gang members to carry out regional attacks and slipped terrorist into the U.S. away. The U.S. and central American officials say they found no evidence of supporting Honduran security minister Oscar Alvarez's allegations, of course. And human rights groups accused Alvarez of Trumping terrorism reports to justify his crackdown on gangs when responsive adopted terrorist attacks such as beheadings, 20 so far and threaten the government. Ramula in Nilani, a Roman Catholic bishop working closely with gay members and in other northern city of San Pedro Sula called the reports and attempted to strike the public while the government puts thousands of youths in jail. U.S. governments long worried that terrorist would tap into smuggling networks that move migrants and narcotics across Mexico's poorest northern border and into the U.S. I guess I should mention that in person. I mean it's just probably one of those wild things that somebody drummed up. It's a gay everybody hysterical, you know? There is no outsider. There are no real terrorists. There are no beheadings. Oops. 5 6 7 0 5 60. So let's take a look at that poll right now. Okay. Okay. Let me refresh it. Just to make sure we get every last drop. Just like Maxwell House coffee. Yeah. I'm ready to drop. Just like fiddle. I'm ready to drop right in the flow. 21 91 codes. What's your morning? 6 to 10 a.m. radio listening. I was in a steering on QAM 61. 20.9%. Keep these percentages in the front of your head. Okay. All right. Right about your forehead. I don't listen to radio before Neo 51, 17 and a half percent. I listen to era America in the morning. 46. I listen to Stearn on another station 3813. You had those number two. They got 33.9 percent. 34. See how consistent that is? Well they're just going to continue. 66 percent of our audience. So listen to how it's Stearn. In PR 37. I listen to WAC21. I listen to a music station 13. I listen to Paul in Ron 10. I listen to radio 6. Samlight radio 5. Luxury 3. Now somebody say, well maybe when Joe is on maybe a few or then a third of his audience listen to you because it was a sports show. But you know something when Joe was on people knew what time they should have started. Oh. What a concept. I just mentioned that in passing. You see what I'm saying? Are you passing? Certainly. I'm not complaining. I just mentioned that in passing. El Paso. That alone. 5. 6. 0.5. 6. 7. I'm a Verizon one. So you're going to sing it along the lines. But I get that right. WQA in Hello. WQA in Hello. Yes. Why is that? Speaking. Question for you. What is going to you? You should take one of those afterwards. Stern, countdown. 14 months. If you got the air, you got one on his website. Yeah. If you make it in the shape of a ticking time bomb and put it in your office there because 14 months when he's gone, you got the dumps and better there. And I fear what the fans are going to be only so much shaft that we can take. What are people going to tune it to? Are there any other payments that could be gone and sports are going to be gone? Do you have an honor? We are going to be showing perhaps in the works. We are doing all right. When you work for this outfit, man, you're already doing an honor. We are going to show trust me. We need a bomb. Maybe don't forget it. We need a bomb. We need a bomb. We need a bomb. Maybe don't forget it. We need a bomb. Get out of here. We are survivors. We trust me when I tell you. Like I said, look and continue taking the money very happily. Just make sure it shows up on time. Or else. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 60, on the singular and Verizon wireless lines. Come to the QAM. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. What are we going to do with your ass and dog? What about the rest of me though? Yeah, we'll enjoy your legs. Hello. Yeah, I agree with that guy. I listen to you. I stare myself in the morning a little bit and not. I'm not listening to you. I'm just a few times because the way they push it. I play in one person. Janet, that's in bitch. For our Janet Jackson, that is not Reno by the way. He's anybody else with Janet. We're picking on her. Although she likes to shake him too a little bit. And Shiny. WQA and hello. Any or how are you? Okay. Just wanted to make an addition to the bowl of our course. I live in a West Coast guy when I was in the East Coast. I still listen to the thing for a Grammy. Bob and Tom actually. How can we get my good friends Bob and Tom? We love Bob and Tom. Wouldn't they have been at a nice situation to pay more money? I think when I live in some, I pick them up pretty well. You know, the court now on the West Coast, you're a Florida. I don't care if I listen to it. But once I get to point out, I'm in a comparison. I can pick up QAM very well here in the East Coast. Oh, right. The Fort Myers station, they were playing the regular Howard Stern show when they stepped on QAM. It was still on commercial. So in some parts that there's a moment that you're playing on your show. That basically there's a lady talking about, you know, my boyfriend, I wish her Taco Brown, some lady, who was the one stalked my boyfriend. I heard that whole entire, you know, statement on the Fort Myers station. But I didn't hear him. I'm sure he'll hear him. Yeah, well, you can understand why. Well, yeah, I guess so. We're covering ourselves accordingly, which means we're pushing up a butchered version of the program on here. Well, God help us if we have a bush for another four years. And I don't know what he was thinking to. Now if you're like that nice German marching music man. Ah, ah, ah, how the good day. Okay, you too. There you go. Let's go, step. Nobody can pass up a good goose. Five, six, seven. And this has been, I thought it was going to be a great day today. I don't know, I was all whipped up into a furrow and frenzy and all excited and then thues and it's been where the most depressing, the Spondon days and the history, the long history of my Chekker Terrier, you know. We didn't, I think it like this morning. Now checker speech. Why? I'm going down in the morning, not the week, but the next closure. Down. We're talking about a debacle man. We're talking about everybody disappeared. Everybody van most. It's kind of like, hello. Anybody out there? Wow. I mean, when you spend years and years building yourself as the sports station and you've had everybody talking sports and granted, okay. So it has been a good sports year in the dolphin suck and they couldn't win a fixed game. The years building yourself up as thin and all of a sudden one day people come back from summer vacation. They wake up at a morning. They turn on a radio like, huh? What? So we'll see. Well, you know, we're giving out a month or two in Guy. And nothing makes a difference because Dr. I said it's a lame duck situation anyway. I just, I don't understand how anybody can let us situation go on. It is like 15 months of a lame duck program that everybody knows is going off anyway. I don't get that. Do you? Well, what do you can do? Punt. Dolphins have a lot of practice. Punt. Two swarthmore college juniors sue over voting machine fellows. Good for them. They saw themselves as computer geeks now voting activist, but two Internet savvy swarthmore college juniors have gained national promise for their battle with diebo election systems, Inc. a major manufacturer of electronic voting machines. Nelson Pavlovsky and Luke Smith both 20. Last month's one of a federal court case against diebo, for the right to post an archive of 15,000 internal dieboed memos from 1989 to 2003 that appeared to expose serious flaws in the company's voting machines. Here we go again. Interviewed by German television and punted Al Franken written up in the New York Times and Mother Jones magazine. The lengthy Pavlovsky and Vlons Smith have become minor celebrities on the swarthmore campus and along a corgroup of voting activists who threw the New Electronic machines are too easily ranked by hackers. Of course, with our really voting activists said Pavlovsky a philosophy major for more spines in Morris County, New Jersey, with Mrs. never actually voted. But when we started reading through the memos, there was some disturbing stuff in there. The memos were stolen from dieboed computers by unknown hacker in the spring of 2003 and placed on numerous websites, including one operated by Pavlovsky and Smith. They contained some sterile complaints from dieboed employees and customers. I need some answers, rights of Florida, Lusha worker after the 2000 we caught precinct 2016 gave Al Gore a minus 16, 2022 votes when it was uploaded. Will some unpleasant spines, so I have information to give the auditory instead of standing here looking dumb? I am minus 16,000 votes. Other emails complain of technical glitches in this management at the North Camp and Ohio based company, which is more than 40,000 voting machines to stay circuiting Georgia, Florida, Maryland and California, though not only Philadelphia, but this was in the Philadelphia. It's quite a liar, right? It's one of the best papers. So, Lusha, right to sure everything is going to be kosher, no problems come election day, everything was really good in Zyna, America. It's 27 past one at five, 60, WQM, Toppo Park Racing and Poker is now open for the United States, every Wednesday, Friday and Saturday, with live harness racing action in the great car room, too. Live racing starts 725 each night, like tonight in the Marl, and the Poker will miss open from Newt, Midnight, with tournament action every live day. Plus, Pomp and O'Park is open 7 days a week with harness racing highlight and third-brit, Simon Casting, starting at noon from all over North America. Now tonight in the Marl, it will be the $100,000 finals of the Florida Sunshine States for two and three years old, and tomorrow night, Saturday there will be a concert at Pomp and O'Park starting at 7 p.m., featuring the best rolling stones tribute band in the country's satisfaction, plus the warm-up band's storm riders doing their tribute to the doors. And don't forget to mark your counters right now because before you note the first freeze, forget you didn't write a season take place on Monday, December 6th, all of the market count. Pomp and O'Park Racing and Poker is the blast out of the Atlantic Boulevard on Powerline Road for the racing schedule. You can check it on the web at pomp and O'Park.com or call on at 954, 972, 2,000 don't forget the Florida Sunshine State Finals, two and three year rolls tonight and tomorrow at Pomp and O'Park. The power's stirring shut, me and Rogers, morning, and we get a higher force around the clock to provide us with the strength of the day. We can do it. Pomp and O'Park, the power's stirring shut, me and Rogers, morning, and we get a higher force around the clock to provide us with the strength of the day. We can do it. We can do it. We can do it. We can do it. We can do it. We can do it. We can do it. We can do it. We can do it. We can do it. We can do it. We can do it. We can do it. Should have worked. Detail, you make this thing. Get out of the cube at quick. You are, so God ebyts you and me go. You in 63, see you till can't see More than, where the smoothest smoothest More than, where the smoothest smoothest You talk now and be your nation Are you into messed up patient See there will be the embargo You'll feel but will become another killer God, you are safe You are safe Return it all the raps and boats away Lost it Past the whole get out of Cuba We just can't use just you've been around Past the whole you ugly past I belong you last the top day of the year I'm not guilty, tell you, fix it Because I thought you but quick You are so gut, fix you and me go son of a bitch This following I your life, I'll be behind the strike Where were you in 63, the jukeeeal junk in these More than, where the world is More than, where the world is Get that's now in three on nation Are you into messed up patient See there will be a big embargo You'll be the counter killer You are safe You are safe Return all the raps and boats away Lost it Lost it Let me know Are you the dareght? Why say still to a QMA dog I'll be along with two from Hooters and the Pines I hope that you had your finger on it Because I was out of the other room taking a leak I dumped it Good, good for you Josh At a boy And then when the second one came up There you should have seen how fast boy Oh boy Why thums just jettison right on that button there But like that Who's sorry, Joyce Anyway, he said the GD thing in a couple of times And of course because we operate like a bunch of little children Here we're scared of our own shadow God forbid that we should be able to say that What's your morning 6 to 10 am radio Listening like we're asking on our second pool of a 350 votes I listen to stern on QAM73 20.8% Okay? I don't listen to radio before needle 63 18% I listen to air America 54 NPR 44 I listen to stern on another station 42 That's 12% I listen to waxy 26 Probably need in Joe Rose But then maybe you're mic and mic and mic I listen to music station 19 I listen to Paul and Ron 12 Internet radio on the Internet 6 Send like radio 6 Lexan Terry 3 Lexan Luther Nun And Bob and Tom appear Well, I'm surprised we'll just put Bob and Tom on there And we're talking about Tom Beach County Where they're on here, sure they'll do better than that So they would be and I'm not really sure But I think Bob and Tom probably in their show like a 10 o'clock I'm could be wrong Yeah, we have no way to know WQAM hello Good morning, me or I do it Good afternoon Good evening All right, good afternoon Yeah, I listen to how we're stern on radio station Tell like I butcher so much Not a listen to Bob and Tom If you had the bed for our him being a yeast agent I never learned about yeast jokes I never learned about yeast jokes Well, what do you mean? Now we're already here Bob and Tom on what station The theater So you're looking Palm Beach Well, I work in Palm Beach Well, I work in Palm Beach County Okay, well, I'm not going to throw up that buzz station anymore Cause I was just cause I like Bob and Tom Thanks a lot, Paul, you have a right thing So what I'm saying? I'm kind of curious there I'm about in the end, he likes Bob and Tom which is good 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 Palm 5, 60, any Verizon and singular wireless lines We can't afford to have any more buzz in going on You're mean? Too much buzzin WDQA and hello Hello, yes sir Hey, me, I'm good afternoon Happy Friday Yeah, back to you Anyway, I'm looking for a place to vote I want to get this voting thing over with Yeah And I went to my place that I usually vote at But there's no lights there So can I go go anywhere? I go back with a flashlight Where are you in Broward County? No, in day County We got nuts to both Yeah, we have match on our website Just like any of our judges, I've come we got maps for day Maps for Broward will take exactly where to go pal Okay, also one more last thing Yeah, I got that gambling I think it's number four Prop four vote yes Ah, is no but it does that have anything to do with that gambling I mean the lot of crap Lot of ringer It's strictly because lots of the permeatuals in daydream Broward And then the people that had passes can vote on it themselves in daydream Broward There's no go with a lot of them Oh, there she goes away and And they'll hit my pies and she's running like a bitch Wow She was trashing John Kerry, Liberals Democrats Probably the media during a speech last night Yeah Yeah She tried to tell her with pies before she was fast She only got a ring all about a go on her shoulder But culture had to lean to the left That was great She had a lean little laugh for the first time That's skanky ass bitch and co-to-do that was That's much better than the Finel trip in the Follon D'Ambit We see that too many times already Oh, the tape you got to see this post It'll make your whole weekend See an ankle we're getting the pies in the post And it just run it off there Like she looks like Rubble still skin and drag Main and heat To bet those got that lousy in That was just sensational Then they showed a guy's hand tough afterwards They probably put a good lead like her chair They'll spark it up all over the government for some operations It Iraq The company's hired us to consolidate for him to estimate What Halibut and services should cost to report Said it is pink reciting the documents and internal memorandums Said that officials are considering using the estimate to serve as the basis for an equitable settlement Underwrecks the Pentagon could drop many of the claims its auditors have made against the company But the journal added that some of the squendel pedigot officials see the effort to broke We now decide settlement with the company as unusual because the contract is so huge According to the report, Calagranda would so far as build about $12 billion in Iraq And about 3 billion of that remains disputed by government officials A fan and 3 billion Well, what's 3 billion among friends? Okay, we have to figure out how much the net for quite a lot of the vice president's daughter is a dyke What's the reason for the Russians? I'm losing light What's the matter? What's the matter? What's the matter? The situation stands for nothing Now from Washington, the McCluckland Group, featuring Alan Orcliffe, Jack Cremont And sitting in for a cut-tukin, New York Giant Kiki Barber Now, here's John McCluckland This is you, one, George W. Rains of Volk Alan Orcliffe Well, damn, I want to stop you Wrong, catch him on Well, that's not an easy choice Wrong, Kiki Barber I'm going to have to say the book, wrong Actual answer Swallow exercise That's what they're doing This is you, Al Gore They were Broadway shows Bring in the noise, bring in the funk Orcats Alan Orcliffe, I think you're falling off Well, John, I want to say the book Wrong, Jack Cremont Well, that's a very difficult choice Wrong, Kiki Barber I'm going to have to say right Not a choice, 3Kiki Barber You gave it an interest And it wasn't a choice Wrong, correct response Cax, heal up some Next issue The cast of big brothers should be murdered So, Alan Orcliffe Wrong, Jack Cremont I'm going to have a wrong, Kiki Barber I don't think they should be killed Actual answer Poison pudding Bye-bye 145, 65, 60, 73, I love that I could play there like 8 million times in a row I'm still not loving English Yeah Now I'm surprised, Guy hasn't interjected Here with a big story about the playoffs And then a American league playoffs They're in Boston What do you want to say? Well, actually the game was in New York About the dead woman The Boston Police Department It's so full responsibility for the death of A 21 year old college student killed by a police projectile Fire to the first crowd celebrating the Red Stocks Victory of the Yankee Prolemnery findings indicate that Big Threaty a snow row of a journalism student Emerson College was hit in the eye by a projectile That just versus Tetris crayon in pride Police, Boston Police Commissioner Can't really know tool Said Snow row of died It's 1250 pm at Brigham and women's hospital Hours after the overnight mealy The Boston Police Department is devastated by this tragedy This terrible event never should have happened No tool for reporters I wonder if she knows father or tool The Boston Police Department Said full responsibility for the death of a tourist No row and rightfully so Police have said some 60 to 80,000 people Took to the streets around Fenway Park late Wednesday To celebrate all the most were simply celebrating the 10th Victory, the first of right socks into the world Serious for the first time since 86 Some of the crowd vandalized properties Said fires and tried over turn cars at least eight people arrested However video from the scene where Snow row was structured The crowd in a joyous mood Siping high 510 celebratory red socks slogans There were no signs of nearby disconditions That in that immediate vicinity all over the area was crowded And dozens of people near her stopped celebrating When they realized they severity of a ringeried Trying to get help Snow row was sprawled out on the ground with blood running down her face I do like that Not a little bit of police over reaction there Which of course never happens in America I understand that You got to support your police baby right? Right Right We're else 560, 560 on the Verizon and Singular Wireless lines WQA and hello Hello there, how you doing? Pretty good You go put your rose on the pole It's on Waxy You should lift him by name Because I don't know what the name of the station is Which one was on a separate? Okay, thanks That's a good point I mean I didn't know the name of the station They would have changed the colors And I asked Josh The name of the OSESPN radio What? That's not the color of the station, Mr I understand you working QA and Singular Not really familiar with the radio business He turned your bike out when you left that But it's still Waxy Okay, why it's still Waxy? I don't know Who knows, okay? I mean Waxy used to be Waxy 106 With Greg Vudel and McKie-Tiki Shaw And that was on FM Men it was all of a sudden on AM After WSWNWS Then it was Waxy And now it's a Waxy buildup But your roses over there A lot of people like him And sort of we at his own a great job And whatever, what can I tell you? And in the meantime, we're busy imploding over here We're dying over here I just wanted to let that right now I'm dying over here I'm dying over here Just telling us over here again Now that was just one month WQA and hello Yeah, the police are taking full responsibility for that Yeah, I just read you Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Unless you're never going to be back to life Yeah, the banding alcohol sales They're thinking about banding alcohol sales for the full real series I was aiming at an alcohol while I was working Am I? Yeah, it's also that you were I came upon a website about Saying something as a small little flash movie about That the pentagon I might not have been hit by that plane by Flight 77 In the conversation about that On our website I didn't know the link was on there I didn't see that hand a second We still have it on there I hope I think we did I hope we didn't take it off of there It's been on there for weeks Let me just see that I was actually looking a link to your website to send it Obviously, yeah, you're going to picture Well, I hear my I'm Gary Rumsfeld And it all fit where Bush And there's Bush with the Duns cat And there's all the amendments for the There's a ratti with a lawsuit Oh no, we took it off We got to get that back on there again, Eric Yeah, I don't think it all the people know about that Now please, I'm ready to remind it Let's look at it back on there for this weekend And we'll keep on it for lunch and day Thanks a lot, pal Yeah, how could we took that off of there? I mean, I did tell her to bring up this stuff But don't leave something that important off Alright, probably because it was huge It was huge And the video too Yeah, and that's okay We can handle it We need that on there That's more important day Especially with lunch and just a metal days away I'm so glad this guy called him a fresh air memory Okay, let's take a look at how that pull His cover is very depressing I'm sorry that I did this pull again But just to kind of reinforce to see if the label and the skill is same If you know I mean, stop thinking about this How about the people who are listening now Well, of course, then the other ones But people listen to this during on the other station It goes on, it'll 10, 30, 10, 40, five If they think as soon as he goes off on that station on the buzz If they think it's over here No Oh, I'm just asking I don't know 431 votes I mean, it seems like what's going on at QM It's like when he's stuck me on at 9 o'clock This evening, oh, let's make it a contest To see the audience can figure out what time the ilizam is weak Do you only show an American that over these last two, three years Has a staggered starting time How much? Whatever management it feels like put in the sun Or whatever Howard feels like going home What's your morning, six to 10 a.m. radio listening like? I listen to Stern QAM I'm QAM98 22.7% I don't listen to radio before he'll 72 I listen to era, Marifus 66 NPR 52 It elects people like George I listen to Stern on another station 52 That's same 12% Which we can't ill afford to lose 12% Especially when you got a 15 Oh, a one five I listen to WAC34 I listen to a music station 42 I don't know the what's it music on here in Miami and South Florida I listen to Paul and Ron 12 I listen to the radio I listen to the radio I listen to the radio I listen to the radio I listen to the radio I listen to the radio I listen to the radio I listen to the radio I listen to the radio I listen to the radio I listen to the radio I listen to the radio I listen to the radio I listen to the radio I listen to the radio I listen to the radio I listen to them I listen to them I listen to the radio I listen to music I meet their local girls ...BOW There's a girl behind us Agey Whatever I listen to the radio I listen to them ... cigars ... I try to over-heat you, I don't know you, I don't know you, I don't know you, I don't know you, I don't know you, I don't know you, I don't know you, I don't know you, I don't know you, I don't know you, I don't know you, I don't know you, I don't know you, I don't know you, I don't know you, I don't know you, I don't know you, I don't know you, I don't know you, I don't know you, I don't know you, I don't know you, I don't know you, I don't know you, I don't know you, I don't know you, I don't know you, I don't know you, I don't know you, I don't know you, I don't know you, I don't know you, I don't know you, I don't know you, I don't know you, I don't know you, I don't know you, I don't know you, I don't know you, I don't know the way I look, old man, just tell the way I look at you, don't blame me, I'm gonna go back to the ground I'm gonna go back to the ground I'm gonna go back to the ground I'm gonna go back to the ground I'm gonna go back to the ground I'm gonna go back to the ground I'm gonna go back to the ground I'm gonna go back to the ground I'm gonna go back to the ground I'm gonna go back to the ground I'm gonna go back to the ground I'm gonna go back to the ground I'm gonna go back to the ground I'm gonna go back to the ground I'm gonna go back to the ground I'm gonna go back to the ground I'm gonna go back to the ground Oh, we're blind Are you sure? I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. Mahadeb McClellan Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, as let's love an end and that's everybody. We're going to be a great day. We're going to be a great day. We're going to be a great day. We're going to be a great day. We're going to be a great day. We're going to be a great day. We're going to be a great day. We're going to be a great day. We're going to be a great day. We're going to be a great day. We're going to be a great day. We're going to be a great day. We're going to be a great day. We're going to be a great day. We're going to be a great day. Yeah. We're going to be a great day. We're going to be a great day. You call this big market radio? No sorry. You call this big market radio?