Well, we can play it open because the audio will sound right. 5 seconds. Oh, we can play it. No, I don't care. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. Oh, that's a good thing. Wait, I got a lot of people here. I don't need to go near phone lines for the fax machine. It's down. I wonder how it would have even these other phone lines that we're working. Let's see. We have these those lines that we're working. Okay. To fax me. So, bother. That's not working either. Yeah, that's right. I've been asking for a second. The faxing work in the audio vault. So, we're working. Everything's working on this. It's quite a game. Where is the... I want to... Can you just write off the case, baby? Keep on investigation to where they're. They were getting too close. Through them, you'll have your sight and sight and tricks and so on. All the two were dead. We're drawing a mark. Push it and so on and so on. Push it and so on and so on. Push it and so on and so on. Push it and so on and so on. If they told you this is one of the three dots, we've got the title that will be a touch. But you've made the watch bugging. Also, back to the end. You'll find a pattern of the subject. Not so far down. Push it and so on and so on. Push it and so on and so on. Push it and so on and so on. Push it and so on and so on and so on. Push it and so on. Push it and so on and so on. Push it and so on and so on. Push it and so on and so on. Exactly. It's 11 o'clock at 5.60. Do you know what you're doing? It's working on this and baby. Everything's working up here. Down there. It's business is usual. Well, look at those falls man. You know what? You're going to have to do that. You're going to have to do that. You're going to have to do that. You're going to have to do that. You're going to have to do that. You're going to have to do that. You're going to have to do that. You're going to have to do that. You're going to have to do that. You're going to have to do that. You're going to have to do that. You're going to have to do that. You're going to have to do that. You're going to have to do that. You're going to have to do that. You're going to have to do that. You're going to have to do that. You're going to have to do that. We're going to have to do that. We're going to have to do that. We're going to have to do that. We're going to have to do that. We're going to have to do that. We're going to have to do that. We're going to have to do that. We're going to have to do that. We're going to have to do that. We're going to have to do that. We're going to have to do that. We're going to have to do that. We're going to have to do that. We're going to have to do that. We're going to have to do that. We're going to have to do that. We're going to have to do that. We're going to have to do that. We're going to have to do that. We're going to have to do that. We're going to have to do that. We're going to have to do that. We're going to have to do that. We're going to have to do that. We're going to have to do that. We're going to have to do that. We're going to have to do that. We're going to have to do that. We're going to have to do that. We're going to have to do that. We're going to have to do that. We're going to have to do that. We're going to have to do that. We're going to have to do that. We're going to have to do that. We're going to have to do that. We're going to have to do that. We're going to have to do that. We're going to have to do that. We're going to have to do that. We're going to have to do that. We're going to have to do that. We're going to have to do that. We're going to have to do that. We're going to have to do that. We're going to have to do that. We're going to have to do that. We're going to have to do that. We're going to have to do that. We're going to have to do that. We're going to have to do that. We're going to have to do that. We're going to have to do that. We're going to have to do that. We're going to have to do that. We're going to have to do that. We're going to have to do that. We're going to have to do that. We're going to have to do that. We're going to have to do that. We're going to have to do that. We're going to have to do that. We're going to have to do that. We're going to have to do that. We're going to have to do that. We're going to have to do that. We're going to have to do that. We're going to have to do that. We're going to have to do that. We're going to have to do that. We're going to have to do that. We're going to have to do that. We're going to have to do that. We're going to have to do that. We're going to have to do that. We're going to have to do that. We're going to have to do that. We're going to have to do that. We're going to have to do that. How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? How many of you are there? Thank you. I want nuclear just to see in him as a matter of fact. It was embarrassing. Anybody out there who really believes that no matter how articulate they are, how they try to articulate the position that they are going to pedal this dufist to us. I mean, if he wins, he wins and haven't helped you folks because I am north of the border most of them anyway. But good luck to you. I mean, if that's what you can relate to a man who is a drummer that saw us. And a Bach hit a rock. You nailed it. That's big and relate to you. Well, I like that. That's why he does so many things. He's a similar. Although the good thing that Curie did last night among many other things is he didn't talk down to people. He didn't ramble on. Right. Well, within the time limit in 90 seconds in a two minutes. And the red light was never there flashing like, get it over with because he supposedly long went into everything. He did a magnificent job within the constraints of the format. And if you just find it great. He stood up. He again. He used that great line about, you know, you in fading this present and fading your rack after we were attacked by a, or some of it in law. And we attacked Sodom with saying would be like, FDR attacking mexaco after the Japanese bomb for a harbor. I know that's an old line, but it's a very good one. And it's right on target. But make any sense. And this was about, well, we were attacked. We were attacked. But we weren't attacked by Sodom with saying to our rack. And of course, that 40% of America who still so stupid that they believe that even though they're saying, oh, no, let us know truth today. Well, yeah, but something had, he did something. He was dangerous. He was a bad man. Good. God Almighty. Anyway, Jimmy Versland writes. George Bush reiterated Tom and again last night that it was hard work to run this government. It was hard work to lead a country out of tyranny into democracy. It was hard work to be casually reports. The war was hard work. And he made it plan that, talk him with somebody about his record as president was the ruling hardest work you could want. He showed for all to see what a minor mind he goes around with. I looked at this guy Bush last night and thought about young people dying in a rack because of him. And there'll be more and more because he's a man sitting with a car full of people on the train tracks and doesn't know enough to get off of the train coming. Watch the ages of the dead night after night day after day, 21, 23, 19, 25, anybody responsible for getting people this young killed as an national menace. Don't people always are. And don't tell me he's not dumb. Yes, he was matched against an absolutely first rate mind last night, but he could have had a little better recovering his helplessness than flushers of college more anger. He wind and braid about consistency. He used that words so we could underline his famous flip-flop attacks on John Kerry. He said that by opposing the win a rack, and the way it's going, Kerry was sending mixed messages in their harmful to our troops. I Bush never changed. There were problems to this. Well, I'm Kerry cheated on him and turned to fine line. Don't confuse the war with the warriors. Then in the middle of Bush's reiteration of dusty phrase after dusty phrase, which would remain as we are was Ralph Aldo Emerson's a foolish consistency as the hot goblin of little minds adored by little statesman. It was better than anything you're going to read from anybody from now to the end of the election. And you'll see that the Emerson quote will come alive whenever Bush opens his mouth and starts to the same old lines, George Bush writes in crayon. The other problem for Bush was that the president on the stage last night was John Kerry. He was strong articulate and make him as plain and understandable and yet as powerful as anybody we've had around for many years. I don't know where Kerry's been for all this time. He made a speech at NYU the other day that was strong. I thought he was on the way. Then he disappeared again. It seemed like a campaign by George Bush of small endless stupidities delivered in country Bush's slaves was put a win and election that could end this country as we know it. If you have four more years of gone ask cropping a Supreme Court backing him up, you watched the end of rights as you were raised to believe him. That was the fear at the start of the night. Then they opened the night with John Kerry talking who was strong, passionate, sending a fine intellect out into the night. And then when he got through we looked like a guy who could kill somebody if he had to for the country again. And they went next to him, looked like he would again flee to the dentist. Jimmy Brezel and a new day today. Nice to meet you, boy boy. There's a lot of stuff in the world. No. How dare they drag the good thing of the unenixed state of America to the mud on Saddam Hussein's torture president. Tonight on HBO, a French-Suppranos starring Osama Bin Laden. You, Osama, want to come over and let me punch in the face. You broke my nose. That's too bad Osama. Mike and Dolan. I'm really sorry about that Osama. Oh, drink it out. Oh, that's her. That's the real shame Osama. Oh, this is what you're the joy in. I'm so sorry. Oh, that's her. Thank you, my bloody nose. Yeah, let me fix it with this frying pan. Oh, Mr. Prano, sorry, Osama Bin Laden. Yeah, I got a good idea. Let's send him to Abu Garrabe. 117-18-56, I'm assuming that this facts that I just got came from a different facts machine in the building. Is it about the promotional, if they're right, must get us a minute. Well, indeed, it did. Well, see, if you get any facts that are worth reading, I got a great idea. You could actually read him down there. I didn't like that. Since you're having all these technical difficulties as usual there, then you don't want to just want to write here for example. That's the poll on thoughts news.com showed that Bush won the debate, perhaps you could point this out to your audience, so that they could go and go and go and says Arthur. Also, we can feed their pool. See, they don't play silly games like that. I mean, what's up in this is a mechanism, which I read that facts wasn't even taken a pool. I guess they were embarrassed enough to finally take a one. Well, what would you expect? And again, keep in mind the poll that they're announcing on CNN, which is the Galaxian N, USA today pool, and again, underlying the Galapar because they're the ones that picked the pool leaves. That's your one, like Bush carry 153 to 37%. But as Bill Schneider pointed out, I want to keep reading it. That those were mostly almost all people that were Bush supporters. So what kind of a pool is that? As Galapar continues over sampling Republicans over and over again, Oh, look at his bushes six points ahead now. Well, what does that mean? Well, what does that prove? He's better. He's good. Whereas when you go online and you see about a half a million votes on there instead of a bunch of pre-picts, there are students that they're using. It's a so-called pool, 456,000 votes on CNN online, which they can't pick and choose on that. Carry 72, Bush 21 and a tie 7%. I mean, not even close, and if you watched it, of course, there was no contest. Bush was incoherent. He was like fumbling and bumbling and always with that gotkish look of this may and rolling his eyes and squinting just in embarrassing performance. He was the ultimate smirking chimps right there from the whole world last night. Hey, joint QM tonight, 7.9 PM with a morale al-house for prizes and specials on core's light. And tomorrow 11 to 1, little George has got to be Bill Siddles, Mitsubishi and David because he needs the money desperately at 15,5395, some university drive. That's in David. Stop by the win prizes and enjoy free food from a lany city, so get there early because the staff there may like to hop up the free food before you folks get there. So get there early. Like it's going to be 11 to 1, get there about 10 30, because right? Yeah, that's 10. WQM, hello, cool line. Neil, yes sir. I got the inside stuff for you. You know, Ben, I was working night with MSMBC all week on all the shows over there on the stage. And I think the long story short last night, Ralph's neighbor comes, Ralph's neighbor comes, and the president of MSMBC told him to put his off. He's not, I don't know how he said it, but basically told him to turn around and march back down the stairs. He's not on his own. He's not part of the story. Right. Basically he sent a later packing, but it was funny because I was working in the path of can and comes up. And I had to put the microphone on and stuff. If he had, if he had, if he had the nice kind of world, but I can make it. And then he said, well, I'm going to go to the hospital. But I can't say that. I'm going to go to the hospital. And I have to put, you know, the microphone's on and stuff. And if you know, the guy was the nicest guy in the world, but I can make it so many years. That was going stuff for the TV when I heard they got caught. Yeah. When I started to become a pretty metal, comfortable we got. Yeah. It was interesting. We can, yes, I was surprised by all the little rich kids. And now they might actually have a friend of their own. And, you know, amazing because you, MSM, always had the reputation of being squabbed rich kids. And the, sometimes even all of this in very right wing. And just a tremendous amount of carry support on that campus. There was a lot. And, you know, I was doing a lot of mixed, they know, big, big, big, diverse culture. You know, diverse campus. So I think that, that a lot to play into it. But what was that? You had a full question yesterday and I wanted to chime in all this beneath. What you missed about the 70s most? Yeah. Jumping up and down naked with my next or neighbor when I was like, six years old. I'm just, all right. But I'm going to try today. Okay. That is not good. That was a lot of fun. That was good. See, I told you, man, you have a little faith. You take 40, 50,000 calls and you get a good one like that sooner or later. You see it? Yeah, law that. That's why it works in this business. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6. You wouldn't like just take any big in calls between now and 2. Okay, and get our own pull set up. And the speaking of set up, that's what we got through in the beginning. Oh, call our projectors and tell them that bush one. And like, like, we're really impressed by that. Okay. God, I heard it with my own five eyes. I believe in being strong and resilient and determined. And I will hunt down and kill the terrorists wherever they are. Kill a lot. But we also have to be smart, Jim. As smart means not diverting your attention from the real war on terror in Afghanistan against a son of a laden and taking it off to Iraq, where the 9-11 commission confirms there was a good connection to 9-11 itself in Sanam Hussein. And where the reason for going to war was weapons and mass destruction, not the removal of Saddam Hussein. This president has made, I regret to say, a colossal error of judgment. And judgment is what we look for in the president of the United States of America. I'm proud that important military figures are supporting me in this race. Former chairman, Joint Chiefs of Staff, John Schaley, Keshevilley. Just yesterday, General Eisenhower, Son General John Eisenhower endorsed me. General Admiral William Crowell, General Tony McKeeke, who ran the Air Force war so effectively for his father. All believe I would make a stronger commander in chief. And they believe it because they know I would not take my eye off of the goal. O summa bin Laden. Unfortunately, he escaped in the mountains of Torabora. We had him surrounded. The we didn't use American forces, the best trained in the world to go kill him. The president relied on Afghan warlords and he outsourced that job too. That's wrong. Hey, man, we'll set their John, you go, boy. How come they haven't been seen these scenes last this several weeks? I'm just wondering. Well, better late than never, I guess, and hopefully not too late. I mean, all of the things that we've been screaming about, I'm sure all these articles that we've heard from people with a broad IQ larger than their thumbnail. And they got sucked into that whole thing about can't express my smile to envy at none. And who was the draft manager and who really got so much to be bleed and with those middle. Oh, no, that crap. They wasted about too much. That crap on a war that was going on 30 years ago. Nobody cares about that now. Not third man. Okay. Man. Oh, speaking of that first blood, the carry and TV debates. Speaking of blood. By Julian Borgere and Miami for the Guardian. I got some stuff. But we do want to get thousands of calls on to date. And then we see Span can come in and listen to the intelligent calls we're getting all like. I'm glad. Hi. You know, to Ron. In fact, maybe he can give see Span Ron's address. Nick knows what I can do. Sure, right in his living room. Oh, I'll try to be great. That would be so. Here's the typical sauce. We're ready to write that. Hi. And maybe they can pop them through projects while he's on. Jordan Borgere writes John Kerry began the initiative and he went to a residential race last night with a forceful performance in his first debate with George Bush occasionally leading the president Scouling at a loss for words. Instant response polls by three major TV networks all showed that a large majority of their view were stopped at Challenger had won the 90-minute verbal contest at the University of Miami. The first three debates in last month of a campaign. Perhaps even more seriously for President Bush to never signboard broadcasting guidelines agreed beforehand and showed both candidates at the same time. Uncivil occasions Mr. Bush could be seen sour face and nervous and reaction to some of Mr. Curr is remarks. Similar cutaway shots about a go in the first presidential debate four years ago. Sath's campaign helped put Mr. Bush into office. That was all at sign. He would do a kept sound sign over here. After last night's debates, he knew Democrats made it clear they would make maximum use of the pictures of a disgruntled president Bush. What you saw was a president who was annoyed, angry, and eloof he clearly didn't want to be there. And he was soft-rovers podiums to turn McCalloughly Democratic Party Chairman in an interview in Spinalley, University of basketball court where partisans of each side strove phonetically to influence those media coverage of the event. Mr. McCallough's Republican counterpart at Gillespie lacked off of the description saying, I don't know what Kerry thought he saw, but the president was obviously very engaged in very clear about his policies. I can only listen, Gades, is what's her name, no, Laura? How about some of the conservative commentators awarded the encounter to Senator Kerry on points, Morton Condraki and us spoke in a hawk on Fox News and he didn't think the president had dominated and argued that Kerry looked like a commander in chief. The Democratic challenger looked up to his reputation for hitting his best woman, the closing stages of an election race, answering his petty spite of libertarian string of short declarative statements, with relatively few of the verbal meandering for which he's become famous on the campaign trail. In rejected Mr. Bush's central claim that Iraq was a central front and a global war on terror, Iraq was not even close to the center of the war on terror before the president invaded me. As he's done of the fact, the president took Mr. Kerry to task wearing consistency and criticizing Iraq in the Iraqi invasion. He pointed up a decended and voted to approve the use of force in 2002 and declared that it would be a grave threat. It was a threat, that's not the issue, the issue is what you do about it, Senator Kerry replied. The president said he was going to build a true coalition, exhaust the remedies of the UN and go to war as a last resort. These words really have to have some meaning and unfortunately, he did not go to war as a last resort. Throughout the debate, Mr. Kerry ponder the prison for U.S. military-stated a capture of some of it, and allowed it to a boronak and a stand and for diverting resources from the battle against Al Qaeda to Iraq. In return, Mr. Bush hit back repeatedly with the argument that Mr. Kerry's wavering position on Iraq war and is description of the invasions of diversion set mixed messages to U.S. troops and allies. That was also the main message given home by Bush Aides afterwards in Spinalli, Carl Roe of the president's chief political adviser pointed to what he said was a new contradiction in the Kerry position. He said the war was a mistake, but he also said he wasn't asking American soldiers to die for him as statements to Roe said, but he said, if you guys who voted for war, then it's the wrong war at the wrong time. How can you go to the allies and ask them to go in there if you're saying it's the wrong war? Mr. Bush did appear to score some points hitting back at Senator Kerry for a long-witted explanation as position on preemptive strikes, in which the Democrats said he would only consider such a nice nif it passed a past a global test and gathered in national support. The president said he didn't know what a global test was, but added, my attitude is he take preemptive acts to order protecting American people, then you back in order to make this country secure. But another moment in the contest, Mr. Bush seemed to lose track of his plumpy twin sentences and seemed to struggle to fill his a lot of time for each response. Challenge by Mr. Kerry for wording text cuts to wealthy Americans, while the money could have been used to improve America's counter-terrorist offenses. The president's reply was vague and hesitant. Of course we're doing everything we can to protect America. I wake up every morning thinking about how best to protect America. That's my job, Mr. Bush said. I work with director Mullen of the FBI, it comes to my office when I'm launching every morning talking about how to protect us. There's a lot of really good people working hard to do so it's hard work. He must have said that 5,000 homes are up there. Oh it's such hard work. And I love the fact that Kerry brought up the fact about the 35,000 hours of tapes of audio tapes, which we had that story just yesterday, no matter fact that the FBI hasn't bothered listening to audio tapes of al Qaeda. I should work. In which they could be talking right in those tapes about the next plan to take and getting all the information specifically about what is. Oh, but we're doing a hell of a job, it's hard work, you know. 28 past 11 at 560 WQM right now Armstrong Ford Holmes did once for clear their lots and sell off all remaining will for is here just in a great deal waiting for you. And all four F-150 pick up this debunk of win voice. New O-4 explorers just daughter over in voice, Rangers crowns, Vicks, Count Vicks, crowns. Taurus is in focus is all waiting for you, which is the daughter over in voice only at Armstrong Ford Holmes did. Armstrong Ford offers more value with all customers when you buy your Ford for Armstrong Ford. You'll get their exclusive Paris and Batteries full life program. That's right, you get Paris and Batteries for life. Their value you get at Armstrong Ford doesn't stop there right now. You get a free Florida Sun Pass ready vehicle you buy to. If you're fresh for time Armstrong Ford knows time is worth a lot of money, so calm and shop right over the phone. Just call 305 24751 12 for one hell of a deal 305 24751 12 and don't forget to leave in liver that movie. If you're clear wherever you are Armstrong Ford Holmes did, you're locally owned and operated. I'll treat you just like family and I'll guarantee you I'll make you like Miguel's life on it. You won't get a better deal anywhere on a four. No bait and switch no phony deals Armstrong Ford home state of 3075 South, 60 highway just 20 minutes south of the oil 836. Check them on the web Armstrong cars.com and then drive a little bit save a lot on that new Ford at Armstrong Ford of Homestay. I'm a little bit scared. You best. Just give me that old time religion. I'll give you a nice salad and a great. Remember not to do the Ashley Jones only as we say because maybe that old time religion always but this. And if you don't fully like me totally, so far as it is, all well Robert and Julia don't wear the comic and choose. Living in the man between the big rose Royce, thank you so very good like you. See you in good Christian man. He has to understand. 16 dollars are a sin to be different. He's in the same world and time religion and to those rather big. Like when you're woman is at that time of love. You make the same outside for a week just in the same old time religion. And maybe an array. So I can choose by the ones in the eye. And I don't give a pebble in so large but a more true drug to be. A man should make those two as wide to a home in the shade. The Bible is the foundation of the Holy Christian man. The Spice Effect was written by And who did it where the Christians in that old time religion. With the Bible to obey. And to pray that to validate the Bible, to understand. He just gives me the old time religion. And by the church you may be dead. And if anybody knows the sins of our God and sins, it's a sin. And the church is dead. I want to say it. 24 till noon. What do you expect to condition in the world of being? When you've got a bunch of gets used running around. Are you going to buy? Well, this the Bible says this crap that was written by a bunch of the end of the old. Zillions of years ago who didn't know crap from Shanola. Oh, and the Bible says the ancient scripture say that. And we just dust it off and hold a how about that thing that washed up their indexes here today. That what was it that that will Jesus on a tripod or yeah. The crucifix. Yeah, 764 votes already in our pool. But we have probably 50 hundred already if Eric wouldn't have been out of the parliament house in Orlando last night. 764 votes. I wonder if his life knows about that. What's your take on the first presidential debate last night. Okay, I carry one big 468 61.2% carry by a bit by a smidge smidge smidge. 93 12.1 person. How could anybody say that? Especially in our audience. I mean, what do you people watch in? They must have been on. They must have gotten a fistful and quailudes that they were your drones in four from the 70s. Yeah, any left over 12.1%. I didn't watch 50. 6.5%. The format made it useless. At the end of the week, it's 6.2% which is wrong. They both suck 30. 37. 9% push one big. Oh yeah. That would just impose a charer. Perfect. Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh. Bush one big, about 30. Bush in our 27. I'm sorry, a draw on 19. I don't give a 6.4. I'm sorry, a little bit of a lot. 5.2% carry wins by a little bit or a lot. 73.3%. See, we'll have to give you more choices. Now the MSNBC, I just directed a game. They got a million 657,861 votes. And finally, the pre-preserved start to light tail off. And in fact, it's still carry 62% Bush 38% the very simple question. Who won the debate? How do you like that? And CNN is still about to say about a quarter of a point off. 71.5% for carry. 21% for Bush. And 7% say a draw a tie. Okay, let's get 50,000 calls on here between now and 2 o'clock. Let's head schedule. Looks like a little. I don't know. Said Jim, manager to the man dog will be on again today. I said a pretty heavy duty week of work. 4 o'clock. It's got question mark and the Mysterians. Hank's not on the day because he's doing his ESPN horse racing tomorrow. It would be the big O. Now, we were having such a good day and a good, good mood and carry it so well. I'll stay tonight. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Or just a big. Yeah. The big. Not see. I want to. The big. The big. Oh, my God. Now, the big. Oh. Anyway, it's going to be on 4 to 6 30. I can't do it. It's too abrupt. Oh. And then Marlon's on deck in 6 30. Marlon's at the Philly. It's at 25. Who that lead last night unfortunately. So, let's, they got it like what have they got to do? You must have popped somebody on there said. I did. We have a collar with us. Oh, I see. I'm lying one. What are you hanging on? Anycams are the baseball game. I have them. I must have my magic. QA and hello. Hello. Hey, now. Yes, sir. Good morning. I was working on this this week. And I'm sitting, uh, telling the time read a book in the chair and a student came up to me yesterday and said that you know where the ABC or the NBC Tenses are said, no, I'm sorry. I don't even sit down. The blood wires of beer truck are supposed to be there. Yeah. Nice. These are our students. Right. Can't listen. Go in a college and drink and beer. Man, that's what it's all about. You better get with it. Light up a little bit. Really some blood light. Can you believe him? I'm not going to students for drinking beer. That's the only thing I do. Nice to rob. Maybe, maybe half gallons of Michigan State. I don't want to keep rehashing that. Sorry. Everybody wants to rob. Everybody wants to rob. Everybody wants to rob. Right. I can't afford. I've never had a wife because I was the old. My dorm with a fake ID. So I used to be walking with a big gym bag. I was probably one of the few kids in my dorm. And everyone now we were in the West Shaw is all the jobs. Yeah. You should always just read a big bags. But I had a big sack. Big gym bag. And I always was clank and in clinking as I came walking on the hall with the big bottles of my Shebrow. And they would buy me my beer because I had the fake ID. Nice going there. How are you getting this scam? What did you? Yeah. Exactly. Nice precisely correct. Anyway, this is a pool is looking pretty interesting. I think that at least we got some life back. Well, look, just like when it looked like maybe the country was going to go to hell and a hand basket for another four years. And maybe the end of the world was going for more than just skier Davis. Right? Hey, the end of the world came for that big last week. At a week before a couple weeks ago, she just stopped and died on this poor skier Davis. Keep her in predicted it and then lo and behold, there was. 560 pounds, 560 on the Verizon singular wireless lines. WQA and hello. Hey, you know, you doing it? All right. Hey, listen, hey, I want to say I'm ecstatic. I'm happy I think. John Kerry did a great job last night. He's well home to go and we got two more to base to go. And I think we're going to be close. Going to be close. Right. Most. One point is to hear that part when now they were talking about character and bush that's something about putting his daughter's on a leash and carries that something like that. No, I don't do that. If it comes that part. Yeah, I caught it. Yeah, we quick notes and I did was really almost cute. He's a real Roger. He looks like a guy on my ass. He's a few. I know. God. It's so moving. Everyone is talking about. It's a controversial story. The final day is a tunnel come that his 12th of heaven is the passion of the tunnel. People tonight somebody is going to betray you. The passion of the tunnel. Why? The last four in me. All the roaster. You mean the tell me that you betrayed me for 30 pieces of silver. You could've easily gotten three times that much. All the roaster. You're fine. The passion of the tunnel. He may be with. But he's never to be this. I've always fantasized about you whipping me. But if you're going to work for me, you will have to hit a lot harder than that. Katrina, you buy it. Don't lose. They're all inspiring conclusion about the passion of the tunnel. When one was ever-prevents, finally, nailed down the job. Bill, finally, it's time to decide who goes up to the heavenly sleep and who goes down to the street. But to find out, you'll have to do something far more painful than you do. Follow more painful than crucifixions. A two hour life finale. I should know for that old. If you don't see it, you'll find it. Number 47, a man of my sick and tear to him or what. And that was like 20 years ago. Yeah. The tunnel. Man, his kind of faith is he's got a lot of money. What be? I looked on Fox News. I was going to give the results to their pull, but I don't find one. Hmm. What I had heard is that they didn't take one because they were so, they just kind of like chew on the tunnel and they'd be dressed in all of it. Huh? That's a good thing. So if anybody knows where to find it, it's certainly not on their website. Anyway, here's a thanks for my chip. Now I'm assuming you're having somebody send me these. Me, I ran over to the other end of the building and if I said, I'll just write it. That's why I'm not sure. Short and wide of you. Indeed. It says I was enormously impressed with curing, kept screaming to TV at that chimps son of a bush. Every time we repeat it himself, over and over again about curing, changing his mind. It's hard work to come up with something more original. Hard work. How many times did we hear that? Like every five minutes. Hard work being a person, hard work and hard work. Hard work. Hard work. Every morning, now we're about to repeat it. American people's shave. What was he even having any response to that business about the 35,000 hours of a non-translated tapes of Al Qaeda and the fact that who did hello is what's in there because, and I'm not he meets with Robert Me all every day and he likes his spaghetti. Here are the news day poll results, which candidate was better on the issues. Carrey 80.1%, bush 19.9%, news day. Of course that's all I'm long island Jews in New York. That would be the excuse. That was going to have some excuse. Carrey, let's see, which candidate's been had the best time for fighting terrorism. Carrey 70.6%, bush 21.4%, which candidate will do the better job in dealing with a situation in Iraq. Carrey 78.9%, bush 21.1%, so on. Sir, for all these numbers, too bad. Which candidate came across as the better leader? Carrey 79.3%, bush 20.7%, which candidate was most credible. Carrey 79.1%, and bush 20.9%, and regardless of your thoughts about the issues, which candidate do you think perform better during the debate? Here's the ultimate, I mean, that's the, you know, who won the debate? Okay, you ready? All right. Carrey 83.4%, and bush 16.6%, how do you like that? Even more rough side is in our poll, which are a little bit of a little bit of a zardomy. I don't get it. That's what that coming back, newsweek or whatever. Oh, yeah, right. Anyway, another news of feed for Al-President, hey, boys having a rough week. The Republican controlled house in fanatically defeated a constitutional amendment banning gay marriages. Today, the latest in the state or conservative pedcases pushed to go vote by GOP leaders in the run-up to election day. The vote was 227 to 186, far short of the two thirds needed, for approval on a measure that President Bush has backed, but the Senate previously rejected anyway. How do you like that? far short of the two thirds needed. The non-created Adam and Eve, he didn't create Adam and Steve. That's why the original said representative Roscoe Hia-Hia Bartlett, Republican in Maryland, on behalf of a measure that supporters said was designed to protect an institution as old as civilisation itself. I guess what? So as factory, how do you like that? Oh, well. President Bush earlier this year as Congress to vote on the amendment and Democrats considered that in complying Republicans were motivated by election year politics, how first occasions on their part. Where presented Stini Hoyer of Maryland, the Democratic whip accused the O.P leaders of raw political cynicism and said they hoped to create the fodder for a demagogical add. Whatever the motivation there was no disagreement at the amendment like the two thirds majority need to pass, just as pale by a loft-sided humongous margin in the Senate earlier this year. It goes on and on. Another loss for the right wing, the element that is spewing their bigotry in their head. The Bible says, and he created an adamant, first of all, anybody who believes the story of adamant, even that person needs to be put in a straight jacket and a rubber room. We need to be separated from those people so we can protect ourselves. You see, the one thing you'll notice that never comes up again about the evil doers and about how their arctic killer's nudges anywhere in the world is, we're talking religious analysis men. Willis dyspanetics are all crazy, no matter which striped, which Bible which BS, they're all crazy, they're all dangerous. They're already decoding the name of Al-A'lam, the name of the Jehovah Joseph Smith, fill in the dining and Marie, anybody, all of these things. All of these things. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, DC, I'm ran the bumpers. We only have a three hour show today because a stern was just rambling man. Even Bob Seger was like Winston, he couldn't believe all of this stuff. Listen, I don't mind. Like I said, it's great if they go to 130 this time. But the closing seat, when Bible rule your whoever it is, is going to be in St. Louis. I don't think that's really any great interest comes to me in St. Louis at Uncle Fumming's or something. I don't think the people listening in all the other markets including South Florida really give a flying craft. They're not going to get on a plane and fly to St. Louis to see R.D. or Bob Abu, or whoever it hell will happen to be. It's just think it'll happen. So it's just a, but nevertheless we're not complaining you understand. We'll take them on it if we can get it. If we can never collect it, it is quite a place. Come in to QA and hello. QA and hello. Yes sir. Hi I'm calling you on John Kerry the Rock Solid Performance. Yes. And. And that's what I'm talking with me along the air. Is that nice talking to him? Bill. Yes. Hi. This is Louis. I'm calling out John Kerry's Rock Solid Performance. Yes. It was a rock solid. Do you like her just in? Absolutely sir. Anyway, you'd be headed for the campaign. Yeah. Good performance. And you know, it's time for people over their eyes. There's about 30 days left. You know about 30. You're right. So let's go. Hey. And by the way, Louis, this corns your especially. Yeah. See you. 5.6. And 0.5. He just wanted to get all the drop-ins in there. You know, don't, don't, don't, don't. Drop it. It's a loot. I'm not. I'm dying. And most of all, Louis, I have no life. WDQAM, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes sir. It's being hope still there. Yeah. Be no sir. We like to speak when we can't be able to sound effects. We can't play the sound effects. 5.6.7.0.5.6. You see this audience. Let's get C span and CNN and the studio. So they can get the load on the blow-load down in sign. It was right there in coral gables. No less. Now, see, one reason we won't get any of M people coming. First of all, they don't own AM radios. Right. And secondly, they're all listened to a power 96. Aren't they? If you want to see and hear the behavior, I mean, President Bush and I can hear. Much more entertaining than the one last night. Just go to your rages comment. Click on your whole hip hop to see that's a special thing. And also check out, what's your name, Naya, Maya, Naya, Naya, Keys. Maya, Keys. Maya, Maya, Maya, Maya, Keys. Maya, Keys, as in my assuress. And she's the daughter of Alan Keys, that right wing very dark and perfected born again. Five of the thumping goofball was going to lose by about 70 points in the Illinois Center race to Obama. Barack, Barack Obama, or Sama, your mama. And she happens to be a very proud and out bullbike. And she's there with her gal now. What? She's a woman of less boasts. I see. She's here less bo. And she's there with her gal pal, who's in a one serving given like a deep throat kiss. The ones got her tongue all the way down to her but on the inside. And then Naya wants you like mounting. I mean, she's like they're hugging. It's a warm affection. She's on her back, man. She's reaching her ass and get up my back bitch. But then anyway, third she is. And she's got a nice big blue button on her breast. This is George W. Bush. You're fired. Speaking of Donald Trump. You're fired. And Arthur says, yes, the pole for Fox News.com is right on their homepage. Down three quarters of the way on the right. Okay. Well, during the break, I'm going to check that out again because I didn't see it. I just looked where I scoured all over the place. But I'll be more in heavy to pass it along because naturally the Nazi news never. If we go on a pass that and if anything like one side is for Bush, what does that tell you? That's going to be the real tip off. Join WQA M7 to 9 p.m. tonight that they derail AL House for prizes and specials on Corres Light. And tomorrow from 11 a.m. to 1 p.m. Little George will be at Bill's side. You know, step on him now. Kind of reminds me when I first bought Tiny, you know, bought my dogs a year ago. And he was about, he went about a pound and a half and was so teeny and tiny that I kept stepping on him all the time. And so I think back if I did just step a little bit harder, you know. Anyway, George will be at Bill's side. I'll submit to Bishop and baby at 53.95 South University. Grabbed tomorrow from 11 a.m. to 1 p.m. When prizes which aren't much but you can enjoy free food which is a lot from a mighty city substance Hollywood and get to early and enjoy. And just sitting around the house and not much to do. I got new lodges on the radio and hey, well you know that it's a legality. It's well the one hour. He's like the shadow coming to people. He's like the brand no-coma people. On the Superman, riding to Ben's wood at night with a glove in his bag. His other dense bag went to the grunko. Off his window to see the truck somewhere floor. A slides on the door, all the sir-mods from him. We did that club come from all the sir-mods from him. He chopped the bloody glove. Since in the day until back from a burger in fries I rest to run me out. A noise in the rear, all jagging snapping, dropping a socks near the bed. But there's so many there. Routing somewhere on the Superman's wood. What just happened from all the sir-mods from him. It's from the bloody glove. Well, one. Yeah, I discovered I was scrolling through the VCS last night before the debate. I discovered it's all kind of stuff. And here we can still play. Amazing. So if you're wondering why I'm digging out some stuff, I'm going to dig in time. And then great to hear that. And crushing your boat channels on that one too. I made sure of that. What did I do? I do want to say I apologize. Because I thought that Fox had well, I don't know. They didn't put it up until quite well under the game because they've only got 46,000 plus votes. CNN's got over half a million. And as a B.C. on their website, they've got over 1.7 million. And Fox news is about 46,000 votes. But anyway, no wonder they're in verse to put it up because their poll shows the debate of time, 15%, Bush wanted to debate 41%, carry 138% and didn't want to. And then there's 1% of what like that, like a president. How do you like that? On the Fox news poll, 41% say the Bush mice, to 1.38% carry 115% said it was a tie. And of course, most of those 15% went very through a mid that carry kick his ass. Is that incredible or what, boys and girls, huh? New question, two minutes, Senator Kerry. Colossal misjudge. What Colossal misjudge by Senator Biden and his president Bush made in these areas? Well, where do you want him to begin? First of all, he made the misjudgment of saying to America that he was going to build a true alliance. That he would exhaust the remedies of the United Nations and go through the inspections. In fact, he first didn't even want to do that. And it wasn't until former Secretary of State Jim Baker and General Skowcroft and others. Bush publicly and said you got to go to the U.N. that the president finally changed his mind. His campaign has a word for that and went to the United Nations. Now, once there, we could have continued those inspections. We had said I'm the same trapped. He also promised America that he would go to war as a last resort. Those words mean something to me as somebody has been in combat. Last resort. You got to be able to look in the eyes of families and say to those parents, I tried to do everything in my power to prevent the loss of your son and daughter. I don't believe the United States did that and we pushed our allies aside. And so today, we are 90% of the casualties and 90% of the cost. $200 billion. $200 billion that could have been used for health care for schools, for construction, for prescription drugs, for seniors. And it's in Iraq. And Iraq is not even the center of the focus of the war on terror. The centers at Gamistan were incidentally. There were more Americans killed last year than the year before. Where the opium production is 75% of the world's opium production. Where 40% to 60% of the economy of Afghanistan is based on opium. Where the elections have been postponed three times. The president moved the troops. He's got 10 times the number of troops in Iraq. And he has an Afghanistan where a son of an laden is. Does that mean that Saddam Hussein was 10 times more important than a son of an, than if she had a son of a same one, important than a son of an laden? I don't think so. Any other way. But nevertheless, he was really good. I thought I'm taped and I watched it a couple of times. I thought I saw if this is a can't be read. It was like the New York Yankees playing like a sad lot, but a five year old kids. Is what I thought. I'm going to get one or one. Right. There's some good news for you. You know, the ultimate right way in Supreme Court justice. This is hysterical. Anthony and Scalia, I'll get back to Anthony. You know what do you think? Try to wait to eat social tensions? What? Or geez. Yeah. This is hysterical. What's better? He is the conservative bastion of the Western Supreme Court, a favorite of President Emboison, a hunting partner of the vice president. He's our beautiful, sifurously against abortion rights and in favor of anti-Sotomy laws. But it turns out there's another side of Justice, Anthony and Scalia. He thinks Americans ought to be having more orgies. Challenge about his views on sexual morality. Justice Scalia surprises audience at Harvard University of Tongueham. I even take the position that sexual orgies eliminate social tensions and ought to be encouraged. That's great. Maybe those nine supreme's on there. What do you think? Who's having some days or conners? She's going to have to be busy. It seems unlikely that this is what President Bushman, when you promised to appoint more judges like Scalia in the court to the opportunity to rise. And you know something. Let me just interrupt my fine reading of this very, uh, I'm using article by saying how come nobody's talking about that issue about the nature of the Supreme Court. And the fact that we are a row of you wait is hanging by a thread. And everybody's right to like any kind of privacy whatsoever is hanging by a thread. And what they can come and knock on your door three and a morning and take away your first four and child. All of these things. Go but he's even talking about that. That we need any more Nazis like Scalia and Rengkwist on a court anymore. Pop, pop, pop, pop, smoking, uh, flandering idiots like, uh, Clarence, spoken Thomas. Crucially, Justice Scalia is one of the judges in favor of overturning row of you wait. It says the landmark judgment protecting abortion is a constitutional right. One audience member also acts the judge. Whether you have any gay friends in a company like to be my friend or a representative newspaper reported. I probably do have some gay friends, but I've never pressed the point. Justice Scalia responded. He offered no clue to the logic behind his claim that orgy's a little in a social tension. Nobody asked him whether he was familiar with the Rick Moody's novel, the Ice Dorm, turned it a movie by Ang Lee, which appeared as suggest the exact opposite. Well, there you go. Justice Scalia says, let's all get nitted and the scrub brains out. But if anybody gets pregnant, it's credit to stop. That must be it. And how about Clarence, token Thomas, too? 560560, the pound 560 of the Verizon and singular wireless lines, the mad dog at you, the big, ah, four, and boy to be a father, I swear that. Thank you, isn't suspended again. I don't get all the psychotic although it could happen any moment. But he's in the airport for a yes-pean to do a big horse racing show with Brent Mouse for a tomorrow, and I have to be fine. Nobody QRM hello. QRM? Yes sir, the big headquarters yes. Yeah, I was in a debate with the buckle. It's a question I call it, I'm sure you look like, call it a rank 20 times and it's disconnected. Yeah, that's one or just like, for a month. That's everyone. Okay, well, we're just just saying that. Oh no, the most people is not 20 years old. It's not 20 man. Yeah. That's not the math, 30. Now, do you get a stand in Canada? No. And even if I did, I wouldn't watch it anyway. So it's like, it's like, it's a whole two drive for me, you know what I mean? No, but listen, drive to the base, they show it's both good and they see entire time. Right, yeah, I went there, they showed them side by each. That was hilarious seeing this storm and being outside them. I can't squinting a lot to squinting like those facial those smirking chin grimaces in his really set me off. They're just, yeah, for everyone else, you have an excavated beard, a flush on teeth and it's the right. Okay, Sally. Neil, Scott. And don't forget Tuesday night, man. John Edwards slices up that fat piece of turn, the dick don't call me Halliburt and man, Cheney. I like to weigh carry through the Halliburt and thing in the right toward there. Of course, of course, bushness ignored that. But he didn't, well, be ignored on Tuesday, I guarantee you. How about you, everybody other words, going to be Halliburt and on Tuesday from Edwards? And don't sell him short because he's a trial lawyer. Right, you know, there's a trial lawyer, man. It's like his butt. Yeah, just because he's got nice teeth. And he got that big chanker lines up, or look, what is that? I don't know. I think they used to be on on weekdays cheek. I think it's a tumor. Anyway, what's your take on the first president's debate? Number one big, 598, 62.6 percent carry one by bit, 115, 12 percent. That's 74.6 percent right there, almost three-fourths. I didn't watch 57, 5.9 percent. Well, I can understand that. I would a lot of vellers out there want to watch something like that when a whole future of human race is hanging in the balance. Even those pussies, you and Amor all whipped up into a frenzy about how you like that, which I was shocked. Maybe something's changing over here. You think? No, no. The format made it useless, 56. They both suck 36, Bush won big 33.4 percent. Yeah, a draw of 22. I don't give a Schmidt 21, and Bush filed a little by a scoosh 16, so that's 3.9 percent say Bush won it one way or the other, and 74.6 percent say carry. Which is about right. WQAM, hello. We are all right. Pretty good? Yeah. Well. Okay, I guess that was it. He's a chicken, Mr. Humbna. Okay. I think he got chopped off. Just kind of some slack. He's probably got one of really crappy farms. WQAM, hello. Yeah. Yes, sir. I'm a registered independent voter, and coming into the debate, I was, I've been done. Can I just interrupt you for once there? Why do you do that? And I'm just in the, in Florida? Yeah. Are you not allowed to vote in the primaries then, are you? No. So why do you do that? Save me a trip to the voting booth. Okay. So I only have to vote once and I can pick whichever guy I want. Okay. You know, because I think, you know, generally both parties are corrupt and right. That's correct. A pop-on voter, how does this work? I'm concerned, huh? But I've been very disappointed in carry campaign. He seemed weak and indecisive. And I was ready to listen to Bush and see if he could show me something in this debate. And what he showed me was that he is the stupid ass puppet head that we've always suspected. He was a bumbling, stumbling idiot. He just started, you know, empty platitudes. I kept repeating the same thing. So our job. It's a hard job. Yeah. Well, he's out of his ranch, 160 or 70 days a year. Yeah, but he's got a good full service out there. And he's talking to them more leaders every day. Oh, yeah. He's got a good relationship with Vladimir. Yeah. Vladimir. I said Vladimir, boom thing. That was good. And in carry shows a masterful command of the facts and the issues and almost a knowledge of policy similar to Clinton head. Right. And he is the man. Carry in the debate. I mean, white the floor with Bush. They're not about it. I mean, I mean, even people like Joe Scarborough were saying, geez, how could you watch that? Not said that carry one to debate. I mean, it wasn't even a contest. Somebody as biasedly so scared. We're all. I would say that. Yeah. I was impressed by that. And also, I looked at the Washington Times this morning, the conservative paper and the. Right. And remember that. I'm a little right. That's they could do is call it a draw. And, but the problem is that even no carry kick button is today. The real context is what happens on election day. Now, I hope that after all these things you tell me that on a number two, you're becoming a Tommy, you're going to vote for Terry, please. Absolutely. All right. Absolutely. But I'm when I'm just so afraid that there's such a constituency for done at six. I don't forget, don't believe these polls, man. Especially these CNN calipi, I say the day polls, galip. They're admitting that they're over sampling Republicans by 10%. And forget about that, okay? Well, I just see. And we already, they tremendous registration, right? That's going on in places like Cleveland, where you've had tremendous. Uninfundment and poverty. And in places where there are a lot of up for people, those people aren't going to vote for Bush. I hope you're right. Because I like West Valley. All right. I think. All right. I'd like that. There's another one for building it one at a time, just like the QAM audience. You want to send your graduates and smoothly, on five seconds. Know that the Lord even loves the O'Rodgers. Very. So go, go, go, go. Oh my god. And the baseball wasn't doing a trick. Not one, not me, James. No girl who may relate. No big brother who said your lost days, but people wanted to them on this trend. The Reagan box now is with girls. And I was about the U.S. saying. You know, Jackson, come in. I'm saying it's your bad. If you'll be the questions, they'll be caught up on the page. Not for, I'd be changed. No girl who may relate. No big brother who said your lost days, but people wanted to them on this trend. I'm so excited to hear. I don't still don't have any call from the downstairs. So there's no package to one up the day. I don't think. I'm going to be a little bit too long to come up with a couple of days. Some busy work and tell them to get their act together there. Those, uh, Ferguson and Graham. Anyway, did I say 12 17 and 5 60 W to come? I don't know why we do that all the time, but it's just, uh, I don't know. I don't know what this man got. But he even said 2004. So in case there were people out there don't remember the year. We keep you abreast of that. Kills him the time. And today's October 1st. Which you know what that means? No. That means if you have a watch like I do, you have to like, 30 days to September and April, you've caught a moon in November. Oh, you've got one of those windy deities. Ain't a lot. You got an analog watch. I have a sicko chronograph, Mr. There. There never has to be one of winding self-wounding. Okay, but that's self-dating obviously. No. Now that you're, you're way about that. For big shot like me should go out get a better watch. I don't understand why people buy an expensive watch. It's like in a case where you get mugged. Is it? Indeed it is. Don't even bother. I'll tell you one other thing about why I still important in October 1. You know what Tuesday will be? What day will like be? Look on your calendar there. Yeah. What will Tuesday be? Fourth. If today is Friday and that's October 1st, what day will Tuesday be? The fourth. I'm looking at the October calendar here. Today is Friday October 1st. Okay. Yeah. The second is Saturday. The third is Sunday. Oh, Tuesday. I'm sorry. I'm so on Monday. All right. The fifth. Yeah. There. I don't even know if I want to say it. October 5th is Tuesday. DVD. Michael Moore, Fahrenheit 9. Oh, that's a DVD. Got it? Thanks for ripping the page up to calendar there, Josh. A huge humongous day. So anybody that was like thinking, man, you know, maybe a bit of a watchman. See what a bozo this guy really is after watchin last night. Because there are millions of those people out there. And remember the art girl I had yesterday that I read about most of the Americans don't even know the positions on the issues of the two candidates. Yes. Well, that's another good point. I just got a blank sheet of paper out of my fastness. You made up something? Did it come from you? Well, I tried to facts something that's better than you had been well. At least it's fitting something out anyway. Paul, I have a line like that. Back in the day, I would have said it, but not anymore. I don't even know. Just put it out. Paul Craig, my America's last respect, right, since it is New York Times. Tuesday October 5th. Let me say it again. The DVD will be in a even in a slack poster when we surprise the North. After we hit them like poison, go to your nearby video store and get Fernight 9, 11, get several copies, or just get one copy and bring everybody to the hood over and make force in the watch it. Paul Craigman writes, as a result of the American military president Bush declared last week, the Taliban has been longer in existence. It's unclear whether Mr. Bush misfloked whether he really is that clueless. But his claim was in keeping with his reelection strategy demonstrated once again last night's debate. A president who has done immense damage to America's position in the world hopes to set out by claiming that failure is success. Three years ago, the United States was both feared and respected, feared because of its military supremacy, he started because of its traditional commitment to democracy in the rule of law. Since then, Iraq is demonstrated the limits of American military power and is tied up so much of that power in a grinding guerrilla war. This is in bold and regimes that pose a real threat. Three years ago, when North Korea had felt so free to trump at its conversion a few rods into bombs. But even more important is the loss of respect. According to the official rationale for the Iraq War proved to be false and after America failed to make good on its promise to foster democracy in either Afghanistan or Iraq, and not least after. The world no longer believes that we are the good guys. Let's talk for a minute about Afghanistan, which have been a nation of officials proud as a success story. They rely on the public's ignorance, voters they believe don't know that even though the United States promised to provide Afghanistan with both security and aid during its transition to democracy and broke those promises. It has allowed the country to slide back into warlordism and allowed the Taliban to make a comeback. These days, Mr. Bush and other administration officials talk about the ten and a half million of Afghans who are registered to vote in this one's election. You must imagine that how many times last night? But good man! Siding with figures proof that democracy is making strides after all. They count on the public not to know and on reporters not to mention that the number of people registered considerably exceeds all estimates of the eligible population. What they call evidence of democracy on the march is actually evidence of a large, scale electoral fraud. It's the same story in Iraq. The January elections become the rationale for everything we're doing yet. It's hard to find anyone not to be holding the administration who believes that the election if it happens at all will be anything more than a sham. The administration's Congressional allies seem to have learned nothing from their failures. If Mr. Bush has returned to office, there's every reason to think that they'll continue along the same disastrous path. As Kerry said, I cite more of the same. We can already see what example of this one we look at the question of torture. Abu Ghara, as largely vanished to me as political discussion largely because the administration and its Congressional allies have been so effective at covering up high-level involvement. But both the revelations of the cover up did terrible damage to America's moral authority. To much of the world America looks like a place where top officials can don't and possibly order the torture of innocent people and suffer no consequences. What we need is an effort to regain our good name. While we're getting instead as a provision inserted by Congressional Republicans in the Intelligence Reform Bill to legalize extraordinary rendition of euphemism for sending tourism suspects to countries that use torture for interrogation. This way institutionalize a cop-caist system under which suspects can be sent to the government's whim to Egypt or Syria or Jordan and to fight such a move except for the suspect to prove that he'll be tortured on a rival. This is what we need to convince that the countries of our commitment to the rule of law. Most Americans aren't even aware of all this. The sheer scale of Mr. Bush's foreign policy figures insulates him from its political consequences. Older's already believed how badly the war in Iraq is going, let alone how badly America's moral position the world is deteriorated. But the rest of the world's already lost faith in us in fact let me make a prediction. If Mr. Bush gets a second term, we will soon have no democracy's left among our allies. No, not even Tony Blair's Britain. Mr. Bush will be left with a supporter where James the don't worry about the legalities, where James likes that of Vladimir Putin's Russia. Or is that a bloody a pootang? Some like that. On Bush, this came back to attend Downing Street. They did that thing because they had a little hard flutter. And a procedure was real quick you noticed because they couldn't find a hard or brain anymore. It's pretty sad. Mr. Bleh. Somebody we used to respect who's a terrible sellout. But then again. Okay, here's like a little thumbnail now. Insted polls conducted by the Anches Right Wing Galup. ABC News and CBS, all declared democratic-changer John Kerry, a clear winner of the first debate, against President George W. Bush last night. Kerry accused Bush of committing a colossal error of judgment by invading Iraq. Bush touted by saying that Kerry was sending mixed signals to our troops by criticizing the war after voting to authorize use of force in Iraq. It was a carry victory, but he never delivered that knockout punch. Ross Costa Rich, T.V. W. S. equities, strategies that state-free global markets was overseas about a trillion dollars in essence. And next to debates are going to be critical for Kerry. Their schedule will be knocked over 8th and 13th. And then Tuesday, not only do we have the Michael Moore DVD coming out for an height 911, but two denets the great-by-spresidential debate. It's down at words mobs up the floor with cranky old Dick Cheney. The 90-minute debate in cruel jibbles, Florida, 33 days before the November 2nd election, the Bush and Kerry, their broadest audience at the campaign, and L.A. Times 4 showed 88 percent of likely voters planned to watch or listen to the two candidates. About a fifth of the voters in the Times 4 said that the debate might affect their vote, Bush entered with a leader as much as 8 points in force erases week, but last couple of days it's been running with out of two or three points nationwide. 53 percent of the 613 registered voters who watched the 90-minute debate said Kerry did better. According to a full-by-gallop for CNN, USA today, 37 percent stacked Bush. And again, that's the gallop pool where they interviewed mostly Bush supporters. It's just amazing to me, and they have bill Snyder on there for about 30 seconds. Stop, turn the minute. Tell me then, if you didn't have any watching at that point, you think it like well, reflects everybody. And then you look on their website and you see they got like over half a million votes on here. Now in 71 and 1.5 percent said Kerry beat Bush's ass in the debate. What do you figure out which one makes sense? An ABC pool of 531 registered voters find 45 percent said Kerry 136 percent for Bush. CBS is surveyed conducted by the Internet said that 43 percent of 200 uncommitted voters who watched Kerry see again. But at any rate, these were uncommitted voters 43 percent said that Kerry 120 percent Bush was ordered 49 percent said that they tied. European commentators declared Kerry the winner, hailing the Democratic Charmed his pledge to rebuild alliances that they saved Bush trampled by invading Iraq. And it's always on. And hopefully I'll just touch it all the bases. Don't touch this one. Why not? And don't forget those Marlins, baby. We're running out of time. So I guess the only question is if they're going to finish second or third, right charge. Yeah. And they got three games left with a release tonight tomorrow on Sunday. I guess that there was one game that got rained out or something that they're not going to make up because unless it has a burying in the standing. Don't think it isn't that right. Right. I could say anything. I could say that's going to be playing two weeks from a Shivoyce. And Josh should say, I think you got a point. You're listening to Neil Roger. You're listening. I'm on my system. You're all on your. Are you first? Who'siano? Poverahi. Now the fattest of the three tenors is back stretching his vocal abilities in a way never intended by Mother Nature in a new CD box set. Poverahi does Motown. I'm a true victim. I'm not a song of what you be mine. Oh, they can't find. Poverahi does Motown. If you thought he was good with an area, you hear him work over the real classics. Poverahi does Motown. Give you the chance to listen to some of gold tunes. Rantalife in a way you never hoped for. I don't know when to be tied out. That's when the law comes from the ring down. I don't know when to be tied out. When there's no one else on all. Okay, so technically that one wasn't Motown. But don't tell Luciano or Wilson Pickett. So what are you waiting for? If you like ordering CDs that you can't get in stores, call now to get a collection that will sit in your CD rack gathering thus for years to come. I'm not a fan of you. I can't help myself. I won't be one of my happy fans. Poverahi does Motown. Get it also. Poverahi's last. By the way, supplies are not likely to run out anytime soon. And I can't understand why I love that. That was great. From 31, 20, until noon, if I'm 16, I would be QA. I didn't mention the Sun Sentinel. Golded eye. Nope. Let's see. They got 11. Well, they got 13,000, 97 total responses. And who do you think won the presidential to make last night? 1940 percent president Bush. 71.1 percent John Kerry. 4.9 percent of thai. And not sure as in 4.1 percent. Not sure. That was happening because they're too stupid. But at least a minute. So that's 71.1 to like a little under 20 percent there for the bushmaster. That is just consistent right across the board there. When you look at the CNN poll with a guy over a half a million votes now, 71.1 percent Kerry, 21.1 percent bush, 7 percent said it was a draw. That's something. WQAM hello. Nail police. Nesserd to make central speaking. Hey Nail, how are you doing today? Pretty good. Good. Yeah. The pump over to the rush real fast. And he admitted that way through the shell. That Bush was having a lead in that Kerry all the sudden blew it. Yeah. Yeah. The spin the guy puts on his. This ridiculous. He still has man. The way he's just. I can't get it. You know, don't forget he's preaching the choir man. He's talking just like the Fox News network. They're strictly preaching the choir. Even on Fox News, Bush only beaten by three points in air pool. That is unbelievably embarrassing. That is unbelievable. You know, the pun on the part of that. What is it? The pun's not as bad as that too. We'll still carry winning. You know, that's not even there. Hey, I want more things. You see him with your questions? Yes, sir. Can I hear some deli-hime things. So we can't remember the good old days. Do you got a mind? Hey, I picked it. Sit down. Sit down. Sit down. Sit down. Sit down. Okay. Calm down, right. Sure. We'll be right over the fresh banks for you. 27 till one is five, 60 WQAM. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. There's one thing that I can't figure out that Bush kept hunting on during this debate. He kept saying, no matter how many instructions or footage you had instructions, he wouldn't have disarmed. He thought it wouldn't have disarmed. Well, we know that there were no weapons in this destruction. So what could he have disarmed? Excellent thought. Maybe they could have chopped his arms off. Yeah. I don't know what he has bought that up that I've heard. You know, talking about it. But, you know, that's his whole rationale. Well, no, no revolutions would have gotten to this arm. Because I'm not. What? Is there a key? I don't know. Who wants to resolve? Okay. Thanks, Bally. Yeah, you kept talking about the weapons. But, the fact that matter is that we now admit that there are didn't. But don't confuse them with the facts. Because they've changed the topic on everybody again. The right thing was the weapon to mass destruction. That didn't work as there are any. And then it was all they were involved with the al-Qaeda. Sodom and al-Qaeda and Osama. They were pretty tight. Oh, well, that turned out to be alive and Ocheyne kept trying. They were pushing it and pumping it and yank it and it's hard to didn't work. So then they finally had to say, well, we want to spread democracy all over the world. It's going to be good for Israel and all those people in part of the world. And once they see how good a worship is going to spread like wildfire. I'll do anything that spread like wildfire is terrorism. That's the only thing that, and somebody I know, a little magic guy, a little Julio that came in on a banana boat a year ago, he said, on this show long ago. Back when they started this crap, he used the expression poking the hornet's nest. And he said, why did that? They're going to whack the hornet's nest. They whack it. They whack one of the biggest hornet's nest when they face it and blow it. And now all of a sudden we got nothing but service all around us. Iraq was just like Kerry said, they had him under the head of the head. He inspectors in there, they had him contain. They were, they could amuse him and they were saying, well, he's not right. They could go over in a view of them again. And that's it. Maybe we could have said, what's his name over there to, you know, assassinate silctions and inspections, no flies owns right. Like Kerry said, last night's recorges the country was no flies owns anyway. So what was the big deal? What was the contain? Just a dog and pony show in which a thousand and fifty six American lives have been lost. Not to mention all the wounded people of lives have been destroyed. Not to mention all of their families and their kids and their, all their relatives over 10,000 Iraqis. Now it's way beyond that. Way beyond that. They don't even know anywhere near what the real number is. Not to mention the 35 little kids that cut killed yesterday. Collateral damage. You know, they're in a way while they're waiting to get their candy. They hoping for this sort of that. Sorry you're dead. Just like the Americans said we're going to get cried a bike with candy and flowers or solders. There ain't no candy and flowers being headed out hang of the fire. Hey with Reagan in the 80s man that that was the beginning. And then we had that one term of that's simply a whimp that's simple. And read my lips idiot. And then all of a sudden the party got disrupted. Where the hell did this say Yahoo come from? Bala. And they couldn't smear him with Jennifer Flowers. And they couldn't smear. He was like one of their own Teflon people. No matter what they how hard they put the butter on me kept sliding off like grease. Because he was tall instead of straight. That must be it. And the new ability was talking about. And so for eight long years they were trying desperately every minute of every day to try to bring him down. And then you're dead. And until we want to put a stupid ass impeachment hearings because you lied about the sexual hanky panky. Wow, how do you like that? Sexual hanky panky, which nobody died. Nobody had their son or brother or father or sister killed. And we have impeachment hearings on it. The rest of the world is looking at us like are these people crazy or what? They're crazy. But they were there off their rocker man. They're a pitching a president because he's lying about his efforts in nobody else's business. Because he's married to an ice princess and he wants to get a little on the side or maybe you're a lot, but I really want. She was a lot. What a piece of turd man. And now we get a president who can much strict who lies every possible lies. The world, the, the, the old, the, the, the Richard Clark book. There's 80s in in books, but the American public we did all because it's like preaching to the choir again. The people already know that stuff where we were most vocci- Including me. It's all in there. You can go on our website. You know, whole list of books on there. 80s in in read-emalls. I'll take it the same stuff. So big secret. These Nazis were held then. I'm going to a wreck before the hell they even took office. It was all part of that neocon plan, baby. Part of the Penaika, the project for New American Century, part of the game plan. They were hallowing for this crap for years. And then Clinton got in there and got in their way to spoil the party. That's the Nazi party to you. And so then we're long came 2000. And when it looked like they weren't going to win again. Guess what we had to put the fix in and poor fan asked Governor Jim. He was over there and tell us he cried. And he was kind of like we lost. And then cancer and heres must have come in and padded upon the ass and that big fat of the ass. He said, oh, don't worry, Jim. We got the fix is in. It's all set. And so Jim gets on a phone to brother G. W. Over there in Crawford, Texas says, hey, we won. Nobody else knew we won, but they knew we won. That's three o'clock in the morning. There. They said, oh, but we're sorry. Like, all over each other, about what the hope was going on here. Who won? Who lost whose on first? And Jed knew. And the reason that Jed knew is because cancer and heres knew because the racial rapport knew so because if you didn't vote the right way, you're vote didn't count. At this point now, I'm not even sure that my vote counted. I know I voted for Gore, but I'm not sure it counted. I think what for be counted. I'm serious. What kind of a communist bunch of crap is this? And so they had a stealer way back in there. So all these right wing lunatics, the God squad, could try to instill and force their hate and their hostility and their divisiveness. This is supposed to be compassionate, conservatism. Compassion for the rich, compassion for the fundamentalist lunatics. Anyway, it's 20 to 1 a few. We'll be your rodgers for warnings and we see it. Yes. That's a looser. We could change around forever With our tanks and all our troops The most special forces are so tired A jump-in through them who's stuck You throw in, you need another place So let's come out all the nonsense And go flow up back stand Now take a need and you'll hear our day And I'll move out just right Plot don't be stopped for seafood And go flow up And go flow up And let the stand I died on the air At the door, it's in the record Oh, oh, oh We got 45 with 5, 60 WC And so also the same scene in pool Not the one online but the one that they did With the Gallup people, the right wing Gallup people So he just admitted that around there again Again, it was 10% bush had a 10% leave in the group that they pulled again Because Gallup always has a 10% republican bias in the group That they pulled which is at least at least 10%. The point was you're opinion more or less favorable The candidate's last line in carries case 46% more favorable That's about 46% less and no change 40% You got that 46-1340 Bush 21% more favorable 17% less and 62% no change How do you like that? So in other words, there was a margin of 33% that the carry had more favorable as a post to less And Bush like 4% Just barely aged out in the positive column there At the speaks for itself Speaking of columns, Betsy Vesquiz writes America clearly sees that last that the emperor is naked And the moderate independent She says how bad was it for Bush so bad that Fox knew his website Didn't even run any pool so evidently in the beginning they didn't The delay, I got egg on their post and had a full one on there So bad that all Matt drugs could try and boast about on his website So I was at some Democrat called of the draw So bad that even Bush's people could only try to say Yeah, he lost but so what? Other media, let's have to tell you the selection would be close Not to debate, might even be as well We hate to say it not that much but we told him so Bush got shellat so badly it was astounding He was like a wounded animal desperate for a place to hide but not able to find one For the past week the right wing had been joking about how carry was a sweater With sweat during the debates but it was Bush with the camera saw liking sweat from his brow And drinking heavily from his water glass repeatedly And fumbling through his paper is desperate to find something else to say He says the water to talking point phrases he could manage to remember There was no escaping or hiding the fact that Bush was not even remotely deserving of being on that Stage he was rambling and coherent his answer is Wondering not only of topic but out of comprehensive ability Ensure all of the things the president's handlers had been Adeptly hiding from the public that the Emperor truly is but naked That's stuck right out there in the bright light and now America knows Even the Gallup poll which took its usual heavily Republican biased sample Said carry blue bush away These were supposed to according to the non-moderate independent media Bush's strong points foreign policy and style he got clobbered on both He gave answers that were flat out dishonest huge gas that will certainly be brought back to Hanim The AQ con never should have brought to justice said president brooch bragging about his national security record Excuse me how about reality you want supports a Q con pardon Is this story reports the United States is a port of president for a perfect massurface decision to pardon scientists Abil Kedeir con who confess to leaking nuclear secrets to Levia Iran and North Korea This man who gave nuclear secrets to Libya Iran and North Korea bush got him pardon And then still before America last night and said he's been brought to justice Bush even said a one point I didn't need anybody to tell me to get to the U.N. President Bush's fantasy world is crumbled right before the American public last election came across as one of the average people This time he showed himself to be one of the special children who arrived a little below bus Oh, nice President Bush has a 40-in-moment from a hell when he was trying to counter Kerry's charge that Bush confused Adam with Osama and then correctly attacked the refronine level instead of just going after Osama Bush replied of course After Osama was saying I mean mid-law President Bush didn't even come prepared with zingers the usual Republican fed crack lines No on this night it was senator Kerry who was calm forceful relation complete control and first of all in funny Kerry brought down the house when he talked about Torah Boris and the president even outsourced the job of going after bin Laden when we had him cornered Just yesterday said Kerry general Eisenhower son general John Eisenhower endorsed me general Admiral William crown general Tony McBeak who ran the air force So effectively for his father and all I believe would make an all believe I would make a stronger commander in chief And they believe it because they know I would not take my off the goal Osama bin Laden Unfortunately he escaped in the mountains of Torah Borough we had him surrounded but we didn't use American forces the best range in the world to go kill him the president or lot of an Afghan warlords And he outsourced that job too that's wrong What happened last night was exactly what we said would happen way back in main articles like these the Bush people had to making the horrible mistake of running against John Kerry's if he were Al Gore or Michael the caucus why any sort of weak liberal tax will let themselves be bullied We warned that Kerry was not letting self-good bully met he had strength for his men charmed that the press was underestimating No, he wasn't a smooth talking southern charmer like Bush or Putin, but he was a quiet cool northeastern type charmer Last night the bushy's went up there seemingly without a plan except that Bush repeatedly and we mean repeatedly and repeatedly and repeatedly until they began to sound like rainman Say that Kerry changes positions he sends mixed messages he changes positions mixed messages changes positions We're not exaggerating here. Actually we're fucking the number of times Bush mumbling phrases in incoherent desperation mixed messages mixed messages mixed messages mixed signals mixed messages mixed messages waiver and he only stopped battling that month When he was saying that one not two but seven times of curried called Iraq the wrong war at the wrong time at the wrong place And not seven not eight for eleven times that it's hard work fighting terrorist in addition to putting out twice people were working hard at it So people are sitting there saying curried your actual coherent answers and Bush's lost sweating pounding water like its JD Something to paper is desperately snoring and looking miserable and angry like he wants to leave and giving answers that are in coherent rambles At least with flat out lies remiss statements over and over. This is the wrong war at the wrong time at the wrong place hard work This is the wrong war and this goes on keep repeating could a hundred times weird only interrupted by changes position. He sends mixed messages mixed messages mixed signals Both this was only a 90 minute debate Bush got only half of it The worst part was seeing the look of Bush's finish faces after where they were first trying desperately to try and pretend to die one but couldn't muster it Then they tried to call it a draw no luck. So in the end they simply admitted the obvious that their guy lost was coming from the Bush's means he really got clobbered And desperately they try to sell the spin and carry one but a one more effectively voters of the polls Like we've said this is not an election as a chum trick long candidate isn't even considerable an America saw that clearly last night And he saw the other candidate carry is no algor they've been told he wasn't warm a roof unable to connect a flip-flop a hollock As our John Ashden said all carry had to do was the past the I'm not a pushover test and there's no question he did so applying colors He nailed points like how about Bush let Osama get away to Rabora that the president had been given a free ride on until that point And he made it important clear the stations about the rack policy the president the press said it wasn't clear what the difference was between carries and Bush's positions on Iraq Carry men declare again and again. It's the house do but he said clearly and concisely I've had one position long consistent position That's how the Hussein was a threat. There was a right way to disarm him in a wrong way and the president shows the wrong way And he was very specific in pointing out that the wrong way meant and what the right way would be to win fees to win people over there must Trust we are not happy there to watch apply their country and take their oil. I think you're quite along by the way. He also mentioned a thing about the only golden it protected with the oil ministry after they went into the bag Which was beautiful. I think a critical component of the success in Iraq is being able to convince the Iraqis in the Arab world that the United States doesn't have longer term designs on it Oh, yeah, as matter fact it says if you're when the only building that was guarded when the troops went into Baghdad was the oil ministry We created an insurgency situation carry when Bush didn't guard the nuclear facilities didn't guard the foreign office where you might have found information about weapons of mass destruction didn't guard the borders Bush created the mess that exists there now. He didn't it didn't one of my such a massive correct mistakes like these now carry said And again, clearly pointing out hit with how he would first the situation in Iraq, correct in mistakes bushes made he said I'll make a flat statement. The United States of America has no long term designs on staying in Iraq It would be nice to show some area or mama where Bush on and carry could use some improvement, but there was none Last night was in ugly complete disaster for the Bush isn't so far. I'm like with Gore the non-MI media hasn't even even a cover for Bush on this one No tonight America saw that the emperor clearly has no clothes. They all realize as they gave the ponds standing naked before them for 90 painful tortured minutes That the naked truth is the emperor really doesn't have much there That's terrible I love kids. Yeah Don't forget to act you a and I'd seven and nine p.m. if you do our all house or prizes and specials on course like Enjoy a little George star 11 to one I'd go silence Mr. Vissie and baby he might even live your focus on its nice. That's a 53 95 sub-university drive Stop I to win some of our low budget and burrsing Qm prizes, but if you get there early enough enjoy free food from Atlantic City's sub-sort Ira used to make the difference and somebody else still does their now sure. How about you Qm hello? Hello, yeah, sir. Thank you, Shining makes messages and He rules you. He rules hard work, you. Make messages. Yeah. Actually, I'm not really a measure about but you notice George Bush is nervous twitch that there's no neckbub when I don't know. It's a big chicken neckbub. It's a fairly accentuate the rain man complex. These guys are president and people. They're actually a square government thought a couple people who still think, I'm still lying bush to win the over. I'm not completely wrong with you. I mean, you're some right you want to explain when you roll there. Tell me, I tried to tell you why you wanted me when you were over. He went to an instrument. You don't even know. You don't know why I'm the one and the other. You don't know that's like they would be like saying, We're waiting for eight off Hitler to join Benade Brits. You know what I mean? Yeah. Thank you very much. Some people are hoping it's Neil. These guys accept it. Good luck. Nice, pal. I'm going to go piece in any more than mixed messages please. 560, 560, 560, 560 out of Verizon and Sinking Overwiles Line. But we only got an hour to go. Feels like we just set our fan asses down here. Oh, this is perfect. Well, here's our poll results. So far, what's your take on the first presidential debate last night? And over get two tonight October 5. It'll be a John Edwards and the Cheney. 1139 votes carry one big 62.7% 715 votes carry by a bit. He wanted 139 12.2. That's 70, 4.9% almost 75. It's getting their close. The format made it useless 71. You're wrong. I didn't watch 66 5.7%. Do we need believe that 94% of the audience watched it the way last night? That's amazing. We can only hope. You see, that was one of the things that we're talking about yesterday. We still have no rating kind of numbers in a rating like that yet. But they said that if they had a gigantic viewership for the debates last night that it pretended for a big voter turnout on November 2, that would be great. We hope. Bush won big 44, 3.8% silly people. They both suck 38. I don't give a Schmidt 24. It was a draw 24 and Bush by a bit. They played actually 15, I'm sorry. Buushes numbers together. You've got 0.3%. Again, 74.9% That's pretty close. He started all five 65. Ohumbers! One Fivegia Five Four Next we're all re drill out to farm and do  counts. I hate to let you pass me. I hate to let you pass me. I hate to let you pass me. I hate to let you pass me. I hate to let you pass me. I hate to let you pass me. I hate to let you pass me. I hate to let you pass me. I hate to let you pass me. I hate to let you pass me. I hate to let you pass me. I hate to let you pass me. I hate to let you pass me. I hate to let you pass me. What will other let you pass me wake me around. Hold me free from thisirmi of a nightcare, and seek myself to commit suicide. She doesn't ever leave the cars still dark. She's telling them innit secret, voiceuring  kevin samband You sit out slumbed these steams, but who cares who gets bloody long as they are making money and the land is like you through the waves. The deep dimension of the land is an old land on the ground. So what shall we pray for the arms of ground? Be it and and they're gone, gone. Be it and they're gone. Be it and they're gone, gone. Be it and they're gone, gone. Or she went long time before her dad, you know, too long. Then straight, big man or land or brown, one minute passed one and five, 60 WKM. Lawmaker expressions dismayed that White House allegedly wrote a Lally speech. How thin he's a puppet you understand, right? Right. I mean, Bush was very indignant last night I would have affected Kerry and his people said that he was a puppet of the White House and we're so disrespectful to him. In the letter of the White House, a leading West Senate Democratic expressed profound dismayed that the White House allegedly wrote a large portion of a Recky Prime Minister, a Lally speech to Congress last week. I want to express my profound dismay about reports that officials from the administration and your reelection campaign were heavily involved in writing parts of Prime Minister, a Lally speech, California Center, Diane Feinstein wrote, and a letter to President George W. D. D. D. D. D. D. D. and a headlights, Bush. You may be surprised by this, Mr. President, for a few minutes, the Lally speech is an independent view of conclusions in a rashy road. A speech gave me hope that the reconstruction of First World Proceeding in my and most of the country and the elections would be held on schedule. To learn that this was not independent view. Will one that was massage by your campaign operatives? Don, this is the speech, and reduces the credibility of his remarks on Steinrow. Not that he's a puppet or student you understand, I understand. Her letter was response from article appearing in yesterday's Washington Post, which also was alleged that Lally was coached by US officials, including Dan Senior, and senior former spokesman for the coalition for regional authority and correct and perfecting his delivery of the speech letter before joint session of congress one week ago but he's not a puppet you understand no he might as well be on the bushes hand around rumsfield's hand man like senior wishes that's right for the worst for seeing and covering the bush campaign five six seven five six the all at least 110 in service killed in samara that was the biggest semis last night longic resistance that's the rallying cry in an audio recording supposedly of a summer and runs right hand man i'm in a was a worry well yeah also are we got him yet how about those some of the or we got catch the events maybe let's hear everybody this week answered we're right around with a windows down the island we don't have a summer yet it'll be soon but we got catch the now how can you how can you question a leader who fights the war on tear by arresting lovely than the rest of the body reporting a dangerous hardened criminal like a Stevens will see that dory anymore right put his ass right on that freaking peace drain thirty q a and hello yes sir I like to speak in how are you doing buddy how right palie they don't understand what he's doing it if he's isn't he at a state they don't believe in this idiot push I mean the guy is back and so I'm back and forth with the same ones that are that I'm a pretty fine buddy I don't know what is your good guy commander and she this guy couldn't command the road she's out of the right house I mean what are we doing and get rid of this guy you just right all right that was great right excellent you see now that they've actually had a chance to see these two side by each and all the commercials and the sound bites and the throwing them mud and all the other crap and this one is this one is that he didn't believe enough and this one's a draft of the rich we already knew but in any of the chances to see him standing beside by each and carries stands there like a responsible human being like a leader very presidential looking for a in command of what he's talking about and you got there this other twitching uh... goofball fool who's like like like an article that I read from the independent I like he wanted to run off the stage you didn't look at his watch like daddy did a couple of times unless the coach didn't know to that but he really wanted to get out of there and they were possible way and of course when you were in the gables can you blame him w q a and hello q a m after w q m hello hey you yep is that you it's carry hey i'm becoming promised okay i'm a great was that how great was carry last night i'm a spirit especially compared to the expectations that we had that with the way he's been bubbling around for a few weeks he was so clear i don't have anybody's talked about this but did you notice how at the end every time there's a little life flashed he finished with and that's why i'd make a better president or i'd you know he'd like just completed it so perfectly yeah he handled it so perfectly and George Bush looks like a midway and honestly my he looked like a new he isn't it the he lived right up to the smirking term to fly i mean that was him oh he's George what's going on here you know he uh... it was confusing because there was so many mission messages right right you know and he was he really was on repair if i'm carry is so well informed these well informed these intelligence you know what's going to be really important though is if he was as a really super job against the tania to his a black and the really don't sell out one short that could be big i know i suddenly had that fear i suddenly have that fear because i haven't seen much of it worth lately and chainy is really a fling ball i mean it's just a sneak and a cheat and a thief as far as i'm concerned it's dangerous human being you have a don't forget once it was bruised up however he's not going to go over right right well you know but they're going to be sitting down and you know there's something about that i'm more for for edwork i you know i am more to frame a carry really proved what a class that he is amen okay sweetheart looks at things are looking up things are take care of a bike by by five six seven five six the compact six the and the horizon singing a wireless lines here on the bait central w q a and her not there hello what is this on site don't be sorry anybody thought about the twenty five year anniversary of urban jails no so that you are in hello all you are here all i was both friends and the other phone they must have been like that each other's uh... but when we are first comes to up there that you are in hello hey okay uh... i decided on you show i think i've mentioned the many times that he said uh... nuclear yes i did mention that and i'm a and they have a lady of a police consistent yes yeah right of course the day they had uh... wonderful governor on the uh... some stupid thing and actually showed him under the it's actually his real name instead of japan and actually now they try to maybe not make him look like such a local but using his real name i better soon and do that before i'll be there yeah it looks like a fan at the local the me but i'll have a great day anyway i told you the other day so pretend you don't know the p in the uh... grandson or that mean the nephew whatever it is the nephew George p bush the one who keeps driving around in circles and his real friends park him uh... one of the never-flasmas he's not looking so good anymore but anyway the biggest last for press god yeah George press god bush wow i wonder if he wears a swastika maybe he's got a swastika tattoo down his like them come to qan hello yes sir i don't doubt that the bye to noston senator uh... much about today, but last night I see didn't make a president like a stone idiot. I enjoy I enjoy watching him swim for 90 minutes. Did you see that anyotic greens that our president was worth 90 minutes? The best sound by too bad for him is very good for the story. Exactly. I'm surprised you didn't say that at the end. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 and again we certainly hope that his band is recording a lot of these calls so they can play them to the National Audiance so later on tonight. Or maybe we have the weekend to get a lot of time to feel. Take a look at all that shit about Iraq and sending people into Iraq. He just said, the enemy attacked us. Son of a saying didn't attack us. Oh, son of a dead lad in the attack us. We realize how many stupid people there are in America because we had always functioned a little with the education system of the joke and a lot of people screaming, give me the ball, give me the ball, give me the ball, give me the ball. But the fact that it matter is that when there are still this enormous number there are millions of people who are like they can't connect to dots. So how they're free so to make these connect the arrow things. That goes to sure as you try to screw it up again. They can't connect to dots. There's only a couple of dots there, man. What's that? We get attacked by Osama bin Laden and Al Qaeda. So let's invade Iraq because Son of a saying is a bad guy. Oh, okay. A Christian told us sure makes sure makes sense to me. He moved him to the ground. What's your take on our first presidential debate? Mama, we got now. Look at 119 volts. Everybody we'd have 2000 if Eric wouldn't have been out of the department house last night till 4 in the morning. Why listen to you know sometimes late in life things change you know? Is that some gay thing to tell us the results? Okay. What's your take on the first presidential debate? 1189. Mama, let's get on that. You know, you don't suppose to know about those things. Okay. Carry one big 751. In fact, we better hope that Eric doesn't know about it because if he doesn't know what it is. Now 651 percent. Here he won big. Carry one by a bit. 144. That's 12 percent. The format made it useless 75. Six percent didn't watch 67. Only 5.6 percent of the audience didn't watch last night. That is amazing. Look at that more favorable after the debate. Carry 46 percent less 13 percent. No change 41 percent. 46 percent more favorable after the debate. Bush 21 percent more favorable. 17 less no change 62 including me already knew he was a knit with. Bush 14.44. Three point six percent. Right. They both start 42. I don't give a Schmidt 25. It was a draw 24 or two percent and Bush by tiny bit 19.155. So, and those Bush won numbers together. 5 percent. Yeah. The carry ones now over a three quarter 75. That's a pretty tight way I look at it. What's it like? It's tight. I got it. 75.1 to 5 percent. Nippentuck. Meck and neck nose to nose. I've been trying for a long time. I ought to be shopping in 1 800 mattress. Now I want to take even more. That amount of mattress is proud to announce that they carry silly posture pedic. The number one brand in mattress is now. So, call 1 800 mattress to you. You get factored right prices on all silly posture pedics. When you call 1 800 mattress you get same day delivery. Our cross-off flour dot. By calling 1 800 mattress you get to choose from the deepest and widest lessons to be betting. All available for same day delivery. And just like they've been new for years. They still let you pick the date and time. The two are window for live it if it's scheduled when you're going to be home. When it's convenient for you believe it or not. And dot on my presheros up on time 99.7 percent of the time. Dot on my first rank number one customer satisfaction. They were winners of the year for better business bureau local torture excellence award. All the smart folks are making a call even some hard to break. 1 800 mattress. That's the way to do it. Like I always tell you, if you want to waste your time on the in-gas get ripped off, go to those betting and apartments to rest up around all over town. But if you want to best deal going, just sit there on your flat ass or somebody's flat ass and make that easy call at 1 800 mattress and guarantee yourself a great night sleep for years to come. On the web it's mattress dot com or call them right now at 1 800 MATT RES. 4 800 MATT RES. 4 800 MATT RES. 4 800 MATT. Why do you best deal? She's what I really want to hear now. Looks like it's like the roughs dad and her family goes home. Barbara Bush and Mommy fell and I pulled over right now. 5 800 MATT RES. 4 800 MATT RES. She raised more presents in the crowd. Barbara Bush and Mommy fell in line. 4 800 MATT RES. 4 800 MATT RES. She's a troublemaker and she's got a break till I'm alive. She's dead and I'm so boy. What's my key carry in a moment for the dream of standing now? 4 800 MATT RES. She's always crying. She's with her when she's gone. Barbara Bush and Mommy fell in line. 3 800 MATT RES. She's always crying. 5 800 MATT RES. She's always crying. She's always crying. 5 800 MATT RES. She's always crying. She's always crying. She's always crying. She's always crying. She's always crying. She's always crying. She's always crying. She's always crying. It's a little bit late. The better late than ever. They always do clear and soonerally you get them if you scream enough. But with air America forget about it. All I do respect tremendously. Howl Franken and that wonderful science cake. What's her name again? I enjoyed your dream. No pants ran lamp or she is. We are for we all. I'll never hear name it. She is just a laugh-ride. Anyway, Larry and Dierfield says nothing is anything wrong with her. But you'd be so much better on air America than Randy Rhodes. And especially, better than tapes of Randy Rhodes that are from Monday before, which has got an accident. But then again, it's cheap channel. What do you expect? There's still any fractions, by the way. Sadly, I find myself listening to you less and less. We're not on purpose, but just because one being a political drunkard, let's mostly their mercenal. Howl said. All I'll Franken is very, very impressive and are very tremendous humorous. And two, I rarely tune into 5 60 anymore, not that that incident boring what's about this game. It's not for so long in a morning. He's not talking about this term, I do is he? It's just how the hell does he make a living with a moronic show like that? Well Larry, we'll watch the level and it's all I can tell you we're doing the best we can. John Facts is in says. They found some underwear in a garbage can behind the convention center in the beach yesterday. He had the presidential seal on it and stains all over. Well, I'm sorry, Joyce. We probably shouldn't have built two beefy into that. Mike, in my amy says, I was a registered Republican but after last night's debate, all of that changed the fact that immediately I didn't go for births last night and he sure is he doesn't get my vote this time. To hell with that monkey, I'm sorry, smoking chimp. Here is the man for the show. Okay, nice going. You go, Mike. Brad said, well, they're just faches up the ass here, aren't they? What? You put up to put them there. Well, to place the storm for a while. Brad says, you should watch Seespan. I don't get Seespan here to run. So I can't watch you even if I wanted to. And secondly, I don't want to get the deal. Seespan is not for me. You know, the only show that I ever watched on Seespan that I really liked. I give up. On the weekends, they have that where they have different authors on. And a couple of times I've seen light they had abused with Gorvid Alon. They were, of course, you know, he's great. And then that's good. That's in good stuff. But that's like once there were five years, they have something worth while watching. It's kind of like TBS. Although I will say Jim Lair did a pretty good job. I did not like even as much as I'd as spies the Bushmaster. I didn't like the fact that they're toward the end when Kerry even used the Lairboard. But something like that question, the integrity or any, it was prodding Bush a little bit to try to see if he could raise his dander. And it was very obvious. And I think it was totally inappropriate. And then he made the opening there. I'm very calm, God. And I give him, you know, I'm given credit for that. He didn't get sucked in that. Because it's the one thing we were looking for is that he, I guess, temperamental. Like the time he walked off the stage in the press conference, how come they're not using that clip? How come who's that using it? The Democrats. You know, all these 80 million committees that are running these spots. And I mean, that would be so funny. This is leadership of man who crumbles because he gets a question. He has like in a press conference and Solves and walks off the stage. I don't know. I get it. But anyway, Brad says he should watch CNN after debates when they take colors. Talk about morons. They make your colors look like Robert Goddard. Most of the supporters were women. And about 90 percent of them were falling over him saying how they trust him because he's a man of God and faith. And Brad says, Oh my God. Watch this time, I can't see anyone watching anyway. No thanks. I've seen that crap. I've seen when he take those into the college. All over Rednecks from, you know, the Red States. Wow, damn, I think that. But he was just wonderful. I've never got rid of. He's now. I'm picking the lives out of my daughters here right now. But I thought he was really good. I don't know who won the NFL Championship in some 50 years ago, 73. Nothing. What's the point of time I did know that I know that Jackson will beat the dolphins in a playoff in 67. Nothing. Wasn't that the score Josh not too long ago? No. Wasn't? Sorry. Oh, was it? What was the score then? I don't remember. Wasn't that though? You know, you've already dug a whole half way to try it. And I think you're going to wait for a bit of morning with Wyson your face. Maybe maybe Jim Frey. But you checked that for me. What was it? Somebody will tell us. We're 67 or something. Maybe even 67 or 3. I think we're 67 or zip. Why are you saying no? That's not his recollection. Well, you're full of it. Anyway, this debate in quotes sets a new world record for humiliation. Have you ever seen a camp playing with a mouse by tossing it in the air before devouring it? Yeah. They like push it around with your paws. You know, it says I kept waiting for Bush to pretend to pass out and fall on a floor like a Saturday night live. By the way, a five-hour battery operator watched a target. Keeps better time than you designed or watched. Why? Probably got a good point here. So my watch keeps great time. I'm not complaining about it. George was the one saying, oh, don't automatically change the date. Oh, you really want to said that? No, no. I just mentioned that and then you were questioning like, almost be a crappy watch. It's a frying-happy. I love sake of watch. In a lot. It's a cr... Yes, I know it's not a digital digital. Why would you mind a digital watch? Because that's what most are anymore. And because they... Yeah, not anymore. But it's the last time you went to department store and looked at a watch department. You're coming to most watches are digital. You're dreaming. I guess it's about having to have to be on how fancy you're going. The only watches that are digital orders keep like, Right. The kid watches that are just the date automatically. Or guess what? I know what date it is. In fact, when I asked you about Tuesday to 50, you said, yeah, before. So you figured out. Black motorscare and new plots of steel votes in Florida, rights dated to any intent for the news telegraph in England. How come the good stories are always in the UK? They got so many constipated fools over there and the Prime Minister's heart vanished. And of course, they got all that problem with the Queen. And for Prince Harry, he's only making a few pounds in the military. For Prince Harry. Oh, God. It's so constipated. It's so pathetic. You silly ass brits. I blame him for all of our Murphy's problems. Roosevelt Lawrence could not prove there's a Republican conspiracy of black and minority votes in Florida. That is what he suspects in his, his son's is measured by huge numbers of his fellow Floridians from Democrats to moderate Republicans. The presidential election is just among the way just as he is in 2000 when a 537 votes decide to be issued Florida's fired in accusations of dirty tricks and competence and election fraud. Mr. Lawrence, a Baptist deacon and grandfather from a poor black history of in Tampa has caused to be suspicious. Shortly before the 2000 election, he was told he had no legal right to vote. He was a felony serious criminal who had never received a condolence from the state. The letter was wrong as it was for thousands who were wrongly placed in the 2000 voter purge list. Many had already received premency. Others were victims of mistaken identity. Who just happened to be black by the way? Mr. Lawrence was one of tens of thousands struck out voter roles in 2000. A few of the being ex-convicts and convicted felons. A Florida law dating from the slave era, bands those convicted of a felony from voting unless granted a condolence by the governor fat asked to have both you just happens to be the president's brother. Mr. Lawrence, a former civil rights worker, spent months scouring court records back to 62 before proving his rights to vote. You just can't imagine how many people didn't take the time I didn't just give up. He said, I believe what happened last time was systematic and ran through the governor right to the president. He said, I hope my whole will be counted this time. The states, your Republican governor, led by the state's government, led by Governor Jim Bush, the president's brother, has said it's working to control voter fraud. Anybody buying it? Anybody expecting it? Anybody believe in it? No. It was seen by Democrats and many blacks as crude intimidation. They voted once in such as fraud investigations that result in arm policeman being sent to question 50 elderly women in their land or homes after they applied for absence of evalids. Grape concerns have been expressed about new electronic voting machines after Florida officials declined to purchase credits that would print a backup paper received. That's still a number by the way. In fact, for Robert Wersler's. I was on the fair night. And suddenly the change, the mages I endured. And where's out of my hands? I was on the fair night. I mean followed I am 16. But today one with the money from your purchase does not go to fund terrorism. Really? It's not time to get off the plane. Just relax and take it easy. If you're just dumb, that's your fault. It wouldn't have been a fire or a joke. Signed up, skin and a ram. If you want, hey, do you see me? I know that I'm very emotional, classic. What the hell? I asked myself every day. Which Americans should they tell me who would move on to say? I'm just going to say it in a moment. She lives there, there the unexplored. So by you catch the image collection, so table 1995. Or you can play with me some massive gun or weapons of master's robber. I just love that. It's 1.32.28.225.6WQM. Mad Dogg it too. We apologize because Hank is in the horse racing in New York. So we got a big, oh, lumics at four. And then you got Marlon's on deck at six. Marlon's at the fillets as they line down the season, line down the stem on the watch. And trying to like finish second is opposed to third, which they can do, I guess. Eddie can't have a baseball game. That's the schedule. And then if you look at that thing on a weekend, maybe we got games up the ass this weekend. Can you believe that? I'll get with that. Hurricane's playing Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets, which is like another little girl's school, and you got Marlon's again. And then of course, the Dolphins on Sunday, the Dolphins to play the Jets at PP Park Boyle, Boyle Boyle, pressure packed. But we got J.P. very started. Is that going to help? No, I don't do it. But by the way, that was a 62-7 this quarter. Oh, excuse me. QAM Hello. Hey, no, I can't find out. Who wanted to be carry or push? I can't find out. It's my jet kick in a clap out of the fence Sunday. Great. Call up all of the sports shows you. Maybe that was either a market jet spin or a jet spin. Yes. He's just. He's just. What kind of a A1 since 69? Anything we can think of? I don't know. It's going to be spot. You're just. Oh, how very sad. And you know something that that's a typical sports or that of two week? He can't be bothered with stupid things like politics and what the election and stuff like that. Even while innocent people are dying all around him. I want to think of what I said. His kid off the dyinorech. He'll be talking to the same crap. Yes, a bull crap. Okay. You can take your jet to your JETS and shove right up your button if you got any left over. Shrub my butt. He ain't got much going on these days. He's had kind of a reprieve lately. W2QA and hello. QA and hello. Hello. W2QA and hello. Recon. Yeah, I'm human. Yes, sir. He said W2QA. Um. Yeah. Yeah. W2A. Yes, sir. Speaking. Who's that? World famous neo-Roger show of speaking. Oh, it's nail? Yes it is. Um. I just want to register my vote for Kerry and then to ever see the likeness of Alfred E. Newman. When Mr. Bush smiles on the camera. General Palio, okay. Thanks. How much have you been thinking that one up all day long, you know? How many times did I mention Alfred E. Newman today? That's obviously, I'd probably sleep in late for four years now anyway. Well, no, he probably got to five six and a morning check it out in dumpsters for any leftovers. Five six seven, oh five six. Five five six. I'm the, yes, so she's been called her back. I'm the Verizon and Siggin' Arribas lines. WQA and hello. Hey Neil. I watched it in the late last night. I thought they both did pretty good, but I think everybody agrees to Kerry 1. But you can have an question lately about how their publicans are going to deal with the election? Yeah. And I'll tell you how, because I remember how they did it four years ago. Okay. And maybe you don't remember, but it's a pre-court set that American citizens have no light to look for president and the state legislator has a plenary tower. After who power to send up whatever lectures they want. Whenever they want to, and I have no, I'm going to have scumbag with publicans state legislator. What's the situation going to meet white-fuel election? They're going to say, oh, the election was in that good. We're worried about the future. Maybe they were tellers. Maybe they're peeped out there at work, but because the hard game is true. And we're going to send up our own lectures and they've given before and you're going to do it again. And it's a pre-court set that is just okay with that. So I'm not worried about that. And that's something that people still don't know about it. Don't talk about it. Did you say do it again? Yeah, they did it in the 2000s. You're both out of my feet. Have you made it like a human strategy? Okay. But if you made it, then time will get tough. That's just the old cost room is so big. The brother comes under that the dollar doesn't borrow. That's got a better plan. If you don't come, then time will get tough. That's just the old cost room is so big. It's all good. Better set that is just okay. It's a place like days into bed. But it's a good thing. Better set that is just fine. We don't get better. Better set that is just fine. Right, right, right, right. Then close your eyes and look close with your good. And close your eyes and look close with your good. And close your eyes and look close with your good. And close your eyes and look close with your good. And close your eyes and look close with your good. And close your eyes and look close with your good. And close your eyes and look close with your good. And close your eyes and look close with your good. And close your eyes and look close with your good. And close your eyes and look close with your good. And close your eyes and look close with your good. And close your eyes and look close with your good. And close your eyes and look close with your good. And close your eyes and look close with your good. And close your eyes and look close with your good. And close your eyes and look close with your good. And close your eyes and look close with your good. And close your eyes and look close with your good. And close your eyes and look close with your good. And close your eyes and look close with your good. And close your eyes and look close with your good. And close your eyes and look close with your good. And close your eyes and look close with your good. And close your eyes and look close with your good. And close your eyes and look close with your good. And close your eyes and look close with your good. And close your eyes and look close with your good. And close your eyes and look close with your good. And close your eyes and look close with your good. And close your eyes and look close with your good. And close your eyes and look close with your good. And close your eyes and look close with your good. And close your eyes and look close with your good. And close your eyes and look close with your good. And close your eyes and look close with your good. And close your eyes and look close with your good. And close your eyes and look close with your good. And close your eyes and look close with your good. And close your eyes and look close with your good. And close your eyes and look close with your good. And close your eyes and look close with your good. And close your eyes and look close with your good. And close your eyes and look close with your good. And close your eyes and look close with your good. And close your eyes and look close with your good. And close your eyes and look close with your good. nokka. Console. organism. So it really nailed the last night huh? 1942 and 5th. 60 WDVF laundry style q forg it 2 yay. So what? Level 9 pm. He crossed with Mules. So if you want to see those video and with the white top and what about what's his name Jack with the hands? Oh, yeah, he can go buy a pizza point. We will mechanic guy whatever. I'll be sure tell me everything He's not arrived and is probably not gonna run because the actual espresso peers all screwed up We already chatted he already chatted with them. They're gonna ship you PS for no one. Oh, are you serious? I'm cereal. Oh, are you sure excellent? UPS is oh, what an improvement and FedEx. Forget about that. They'll be there like in five minutes Anyway, joint you I already did that tomorrow. I'm on Georgia bill. So I'll admit submission David at 53 95 So I've said university drive stop by to win some really embarrassing prizes in fact Have you ever been any of our appearances? You'll just live your ass off and you see the kind of crap we're trying to throw Thank you probably throw a back at George, but enjoy some free food from a line of city substitutes is excellent stuff now Some of those fat field sandwiches. I used to enjoy and did thank you so got that letter back up there on a board Which one? He greasy fat field sandwich. Oh, yeah, don't remember that one. They pity Lenny Larry. You know something he started look pretty good now. It's all relative. Yeah We don't want to talk about the sales. What was that? Pint you're doing there. Oh, it's a staple remover. I'm just really fascinated by the sound It's making right now. Well, don't be making no Sounds that you're just getting a misinterpret. No, no, we can't make that sound. I'm talking right now New York Times editor of the day of our database. What did they got to say? Well, it's short and right to the point the first debate If Americans who tuned in the tune in last nice presidential debate were waiting for him to candidates to catch each other in a fatal error or leave him Stamoring the event was obviously a draw But if the question was whether Senator John Kerry would have here presidential what he could present his positions clearly and succinctly And keep president of both of them the defensive when it came to the critical issue of Iraq Mr. Kerry delivered the goods George's WVVS is famous for a fierce discipline when it comes to sticking away carefully home to simple message Last night he reiterated this campaign message once again that the world is safe without Sodom was sane and the things are on the whole going well in Iraq The confidence with which Mr. Bush has kept hammering home these points has clearly had an effect in the polls Encouraging wavering voters to believe that the president is the one who can best lead the country out of the morass he created For last night, Mr. Bush's outed less convincing when he had to make his case in the face of Mr. Kerry's weathering criticism Especially his repeated insistence that the invasion had diverged attention from the two center of the war on tear and Afghanistan Mr. Kerry found the most effective line of argument when he told the audience that Iraq was not even close to the center of the war on tear And if the person had rushed the war in Iraq without a plan to win the peace it is the strongest and most sensible critique of the administration's actions Of course it is left misdecarried open to rejoin his by Mr. Bush that Kerry has sounded far more war like about Iraq and his pre-campaign persona That's a fair comment and one of the senators simply has to live within this campaign as the politics changed his position changed Mr. Bush said But when Mr. Bush did a dissentative with a reminder about his infamous comment on voting for a war appropriation before he voted against it Mr. Kerry had finally found an effective answer While saying he had made a mistake in the way he had expressed himself a senator added, but the president made a mistake in invading Iraq Which is worse? Both men made areas that occurred to be mainly a matter of miste speaking out of the pressure of the moment But Mr. Kerry scored an important point when the president made a more significant slip and talked about the need to go to war because the enemy attacked us The person who said planes smashing in the world trade center independent on Mr. Kerry reminded the audience was a sum of it Lawd and was operating from Afghanistan not south of Hussein in Iraq Meanwhile, Mr. Bush was body and facial language sometimes seemed downright pachelent and Sisted again and again that by criticizing the way the war is being run Mr. Kerry was sending mixed signals that threatened the success of the effort mixed messages Here when you say that okay Before nice nights to be bored that's a long list of rules insisted on by both campsuit creators still to exchange of packaged sound bites But this campaign was starved for real discussion in substance even a format controlled by handlers and spin-bockers seem like a breath of fresh air Says the New York Times And what they're right They're right actually was like an exchange their last night and the gym layer handled a pretty good one They want to like if spawned a little bit mixed fan button do then give me another 30 seconds. I would say like About thirty minutes and they both pretty much stuck to the it was kind of interesting seeing the I don't know if you did I'm sure most people did watching the light you think there was a subliminal muscle message there I didn't notice the you didn't watch the green light and the oh those green light yeah Yeah, yeah, I know I think that if the Republicans insisted on that because they subliminal a message about like the war on Tara Right, that's all that good yeah, well light green light Every David Sup I can't explain The beautiful one these lights in One these lights all the way She's at her bed with a set of no better She's at her bed with a set of no better She's at her bed with a set of no better Edvin, I think one of them can feel The baby's over here to arrive Something they can't survive We have a yellow night Of the night, it's been a day One day to two days Have a yellow night With their mind, something they can't survive We have a yellow night There's a morning soon we get scared We call the horse around the clock To find a sister in the field we have Yellow, yellow And Good luck All right guys, fucking blow What do you say tribal sovereignty means in the 21st century And how do we resolve conflicts between tribes and the federal and the state governments? Tribal sovereignty means that sovereign You can give a sovereignty and you're You there's a sovereign entity And therefore there were lessons between the federal government and tribes As one of the things Sobreninetics All my friends I can't be tell me about it I can't be tell me about it I can't be tell me about it And your authority has taken care of the law And the rest has taken care of the people I can't be tell me about it I can't be tell me about it I can't be tell me about it And you won $56,000 What would you do to us? For the biggest and better all the dolphins to win the civil war Give me $56,000 And you don't want to win the dolphins to win all And the police will mind having to supply my agrarat Take the beast to a loygany buff, right? Well, show you how to name an AOL for broadband Or do you know that chance? $56,000 And the Florida Marlons player is a home run through the QA I'm target and let's be able to the bottom half of the fifth inning One lucky winner will walk away with $56,000 Sobrenin, a run has to be on the fly Dreaders are just long on the W2A and the town Then Mr. Lee Mr. Lee Mr. Lee For Piano, well for broadband And it's more trivial by 16 And we can Product The facts of the scene screwed up Whatever happened with the audio ball getting fixed finally Thank you Boy, essentially it came back It just came like, when it just took a rest Okay, we all could use a good rest, right? Yes, that's why they have room to do In fact, I think both of the user rest for like about 20 years Maybe even not third in the end Like starting at the end of the, like in about 20th January Be good Or sooner if he wants Here's our take What's your take on the president for the May last night? See don't you feel like a little bit better I mean it's a bait and they keep pointing out Well, Coral, but at first it's a baity loss The elections are supposedly, all we know he won And Monday, I'll want to first bait against Ragan So they say and then Ragan came out for the second The bait didn't fall down and drew for much And I said, oh, he's still alive, he won Right? Right? Although I do, I do like to part of the vlogger Monday where's the beef that was when the Care of Pellers spots were running for our Wendy's And of course, how do I know that? Because they have the date town So a background near the night Do you remember the spots for Pellers' beef? Where's the beef? Where's the beef? That was great Oh, they showed a bunch of Europeans on CNN They said, ah, they'll have a bush A separate one Spanish guy, you know, but you know them Oh yeah, probably calf teen And anyway, here's the deal What's your take on the presidential? About 1346 votes we got, which we had had over 2000 If war for Eric's, ah, hang around all of them You told him to resolve all night in the pickle days and sausages 1346, carry one big 85863.7% of this is stoop crowd Carry one by a bit 156, 115% The format made it useless 82 I didn't watch 77, which is less than 6% They both suck 47, bush one big 46 3.4% As they say in China, you should look so long A draw 29, I don't give a Schmidt 28 And bush by a little bit by school, 23 So let's add those bush one bigger, a little bit, a 5.1% And carry 75.2% So 75.2 to 5.2 See? I say it, 20 is 74.0 difference What's the big sentence with that? Ha ha ha ha ha ha So like I said, things are looking up baby Finding out that paycheck 60s, like yesterday We got George with a bigger parents tomorrow right? Josh, corrected me on that score so that kind of away Somebody in birth, in fact, there was 60, 3 and nothing We're 62 to 7 in our playout game against Jacksonville a few years ago We said 67 Oh, and that's even worse I got a question Well let's see, so I said 67, so I have no way to win I had two numbers right But it was 62 to 7, so I had two numbers right Because I know I would have gotten a part right In fact, I had three numbers right This is like something on the prices right Does the F3 numbers right? Does the F4 number right? Maybe I'll win the car And we're woodcock, can I say that for the The British independent, says war plan must be for the vote Those poor britz man, first I got Tony Blair and he had to stick that two buck through his groin Into his heart, whereas heart used to be It says Britain was involved in planning for war in Iraq for at least nine Month before MPs of regulatory action According to a document apparently leaked from the Pentagon When he doubted they leaked it out Kind of like Josh Beckett Details from the secret briefing paper published in London's evening standards Excessed military commanders to partner war planning conference with US Carner parts as early as June 2002 You got that? Got it At the time, Prime Minister Tony Blair was insisting that no decisions have been taken on military action The leak on the eve of a crucial debate on Iraq at Libris Conference in Brighton Will fuel speculation Mr. Blair agreed in principle to join US military action And his April 2002 summit at President George Bush's ranch in Crawford, Texas Or a lot of evil doors have been hanging out lately including Prince Bandar Bush Something the Prime Minister is always denied Denied, rhymes with lie But down the street insisted that while planning for a range of contingencies in Iraq Had taken place over the months before the war For the signature of the US in combat wasn't taken till after the commons vote March 18 of last year 2003 The document sets out a chronology of events leading from the September level of the tax on the US in 2001 to the Iraq war and beyond In total Operation Iraqi Freedom Strategic Lessons learned it is classified secret no foreign Meaning it's not to release the foreign governments according to any standard correspondent Andrew Gilligan It was prepared by the Pentagon for a presentation by the Pentagon Secretary Donald Rumsfeld and August the last year So in other words he's a liar too, and I great liar's of the feather suck together Basically the way it works And you know something this and what did we actually do is show here today or why? It's just flew right by it. We have time for like one more real quick call two a and hello Only then there's probably just as well WQ and hello Oh sorry no time Okay, the mad dog. Why don't we didn't have time do we? Yeah, I wanted to do I just wanted to see you anybody had something we need worthwhile to say didn't want to trap mom man I was coming up next to the game. I apologize the big and for the same Bye bye Hey boy, what's that in your mouth? I don't know what it is, but it's moving