Joe Rose is coming back Monday. Oh, thanks a lot. Thank you. You can't do it. Oh, my God. Sports radio 5. Tell you QAM. My Ellie Ford Lutter Day. Which means Gildy and Margar gonna be together again Monday morning. Go, go, go, go, go. That will be something to really hear. Stay in front of you now. Two years later and say it took me a little while. I'm a little slow learner. But Neil, I apologize. It's radio. You are the truth. It's Friday, you bastard. Go, go, go, go, go, go. Can't believe the language I hear on TV. Every other word is in a cell of tea. I used to be the cable. Was a whole lot worse. But now the networks left there and just curse. Oh, my God. There's a wind inside, so this is a cell of tea. All the dialogue contains profanity. I swear in like a cellar on a three-day pass. Words are whole lot worse than I am. Blackthump. Firm ass bombs. Holy faith. Before they drop the Firm on the word TV. I have no idea. Firm ass bombs. There's no telling where. They'll drop one on the U.T. Yeah. Vice President Dick Cheney, Blurred it out the F.W. To Democratic Senator Patrick Leahy of Romathering. He did exchange on the Senate floor. He was originally, say, yesterday. We got people dying all over the world. Innocent people. We got bombs. A bursting in air. And what are we worried about? The Vice President, under the F.W. I think this allegation is even more grotesque and suggesting that the Vice President might have a Dijkdater. The incident occurred on Tuesday in a tourist discussion between the two that touched on politics, religion, and money would change. Finally, say I'm tongue-tied. I can't because I'm right on the edge of it. He'll say finally, telling Leahy to F.W. go eff yourself the 8 C. I think he was just having a bad day, he was quoted as saying on CNN, which first report began, I was kind of shocked here that kind of language on the floor. Oh, let's hear it on CNN, come on. That doesn't sound like language the vice president would use, but there was a frank exchange of views at Cheney Spokesman Kevin Kallum's. Lee, he, another Democrats have called for congressional hearings into whether the vice president helped the Aliburton would look at a contraction rack. After the Westlight War, the top ol' Sodom was saying during their exchange, Lee, he noted that Republicans had accused Democrats of being anti-catholic because they're opposed to some of President Bush's anti-avortion judges the 8 C. That's when Cheney uploaded with the F-bom, he'd said. Ha ha ha ha. According to Senate rules, profanity is not permitted in the chamber, but when the exchange occurred between Lee and Cheney, it was just a photo opportunity. The Senate was not in session, so there was technically no file, no harm, no file. You can't get much follow-through than Dick Cheney. Oh, it's big of the FCC, I've got that way down in my pile, but we'll get right on it. Better start talking fast because everybody's going to be going line up to go see Fahrenheit 9-11 today. Ah! A theater near you. We're piloting. 22 theaters here in the GTA in the greater Toronto area of Iraq carrying it. I'll be running out there this week, so we should for sure, and we'll discuss it at length on Monday. George won't be with us though, he'll be on vacation. In fact, he'll be watching it over and over again. Right. Good news finally, some great news. US courts keep stay on media rules, which Michael Paul's pretty pissed off about this, by the way. Anything that this is Michael Paul off makes us very happy. A US appeals court refused yesterday to allow loose in federal media rules on media ownership to take effect, dealing upload a large media company's like newscorp that are hoping to expand. The US court of appeals for the third circumcised new rules would not take effect until the FCC better explain how it came up with them. How much the how many brown paper bags they took and how much was in them? The commission is not sufficiently justified its particular uh, particular chosen numerical limits for local television ownership, local radio ownership and cross ownership of media within local markets, they courts 218 page opinions said. I'll be like that. Andre Schwarzman, a lawyer for Prometheus radio project who filed the law suits said according to the FCC to take the deregula to a thumb off the scale. It looks like the court agreed with us that preserving democracy is more important than helping big companies grow bigger, Schwarzman said. Wasn't that Dr. Schwarzman and Faso? Was that his name? I don't know. The diet doctor. Don't you remember Dr. Schwarzman? I don't remember his name. What a memory I got. Well I know my diet doctor's Mr. Venusher Don. No. Anyway let's take a look at yesterday's poll result. We'll give you the obedient curtain today, boy, oh boy, if you're into anorexive babes. Wow. Alexander Paul, I don't recall her on Baywatch being that skinny and that skinny man. Yeah. Yeah. She was. The skinny is a read. And we don't mean great. What kind of American political figure has the biggest pair of colonies we asked yesterday? And it wasn't easy. I know it was a look where we sponsored because Michael Moore won overwhelming we as he should have. Look at that 753 votes out of 5008. Almost half the votes. Almost exactly have went to Michael Moore on the day of his fantastic movie. George W. Bush 200 all are not necessarily in a positive way. Big balls. Jan Arena 152 you go boy. Howard D 97 it's a big drop off down to poorer Howard Dean. Richard Clark 62 Ted Kennedy 47 little Dennis Cassin's 38 little guy with a big pair. Al Sharpton 37 with a big dark pair. Al Gore 28. Wopened up a big mouth again yesterday which will be a plot in profusely. It's a better late than ever all over. It would have been a lot nicer for years ago, right? Yeah. Open up a mouth and say something. How dare they? Oh, God. Good name. Come on. Of the United States of America. Who's a mud of Saddam Hussein. Horture. Correct. Abu Ghara. Red Jesse Jackson at 18 Charlie Rangle at 18. Love Charlie Rangle airs. A real Smith Mr. Barrett there boy. He don't take any crap from anybody. Joe Biden 15. Russ Feingold 13. Barney frag Frank had 10. Careful. California 7 John Brohead 6 John Brows said. Not to the FCC and all I craft the other day, but he was the only one. He was the only one and he's retiring me into this year. You can't complain about the balls in the Senate because you won't find any. I bet you I bet you don't wish to lay the little proof of the US Senate because you don't have to worry about them seeing we got balls. John Bro's 6 matching water she had for and Glenn Gavin Newsom. Mira San Francisco who started with him game marriages out there. Even though he's very head of roll three votes for old Gavin. The only other Gavin I know was Gavin McLeod. You know anybody named Gavin? Nope. Just have nice. I see. Alexander Paul is on our behind a big decurt in the day. If you're one of those really horny guys out there really desperate or maybe like a diaper wants to take a peek at some hot chick. Well we don't have no hot chick. Well she wants to pot a time she won't. Right. From the naval up I would say. I know she didn't have anything there either. Wow she's a really scrawny. He's got a real must use to have a real pretty face. She's like okay she's still kind of pretty. You got a pretty Christine new photo right here. Well Christine isn't exactly like yesterday's movie. The not guaranteed one other thing too and it is John Stockwell was a lot prettier than she was. Man don't get me started on at the Christine. I'm sorry he was just a fine fine young man. Anyway she was born July 29, 1963 in New York in New York City. And to get anybody was born in New York. Let's see that makes her like 40 almost 41. Not quite she's hanging on to 40. She was in landslide. Well that's still being made post production for TV saving Emily also for TV. It's coming out soon. Winning women TV series. A hunted woman. They watch her wine wedding TV movie. And of course she was in Baywatch originally at 8 million episodes. Redemption of the ghost breaking up really sucks. Breaking up really. Baaaaa. Can't say sucks. No. Dyeria of a sucks sex addict. Dane your ruff air danger on flight 534. It was a made for TV movie facing the enemy. 10 attitudes above and beyond. Boy she's made you and will leave it. She has made movies up the ass. You probably would like to see those. Man oh man she has made just dozens of movies. Although I would say majority of them like made for TV movies. Yeah. Most of busy. Most of them. Night watch. Piranha. All kinds of people watch movies. Yeah. 1995 piranha. Oh that pride. AKA Roger Cuerman presents Piranha. And anyway, Alexander Paul and you'll be a little bit unsure to say to the fact that you could probably use the sandwich. Maybe you'd like to buy a Rubin sandwich for a ghost ruffle a little over the weekend. So here's the very short and cursed clip. Uncredited by the way. Uncredited in this morning's hero. Do you have to search for it to find it after yesterday's fallace's hysteria about Joe Rose this and Joe Rose that? I think the whole thing was a plant if he asked me. Okay. The house plant. No, I'm serious. I think the whole thing was just an idea to give a little free publicity from very jackass. The course that always works out. You could kiss my rear end. They write one curse sentence today. It says WQM General Manager Greg Reed said Thursday. He in morning host Joe Rose a resolve. Their issues in Rose will be back on the or Saturday morning. And eight to 10 a.m. week days. Now did I tell the audience that yesterday because just like my close friend Moe, I am the truth. You want the truth to come to this show. If you want a lot of BS, just listen around with the rest of the issues and the rest of the dial. Here are all kinds of BS. Balloni. But if you want to real story like I told yesterday, they had their meeting on Wednesday. And it was already a done deal. But I guess since they were going to get their free publicity and period was already going to be Greg's lucky for the four million time. Why not just let him go ahead and put some crap in a paper, right? Plus it will keep certain people on their toes. I just can't out wait. I'm serious. I'm going to get up early on Monday morning. Because I just can't wait to hear the reunion. The real idea. Moe and guilty. And just listen for the love. That's right. You know about love 94. We got love 56. On 5. 60 QA. Okay, here's today's poll question. We've done this once before, but it's long enough for going to be repeated. And if you think that we're not going to repeat polls, you must be dreamin' Oh. I don't have to tell you the idea of how to put the poll question every day. That's enough to make me want to call in sick. Brutal. Yeah. I mean, I enjoyed doing this show, but just the idea. Coming up with a poll question, every stinkin' day. And then of course, if they don't like it, they respond like a bunch of little kids in the sandbox. Anyway, here's today's poll. If you had tons of cash, we're in the world outside Florida, would you live now? We haven't done this poll before because we let them. We let them use, you know, Miami or whatever. We're not doing it. That's so boring. I would live right here. Yeah, well screw you. Okay, if that's the case, then stay there and don't vote. God. If you had tons of cash, we're in the world outside Florida, would you live? Started with three. I don't think I put the original one on there for Eric. Oh, then I see a fourth one. I was on her too. I put Las Vegas. I don't know why. I haven't so many people say that because if you're trying to money, then dining and gambling and dancing, the show is okay. That's the Amsterdam for obvious reasons. And I put Hawaii. I didn't necessarily put a city like Honolulu, or anything. What did I just Hawaii in general? Very expensive to live there, but if you had a ton of money, boy, you can go. And then I see Lake Tahoe's on here. Who put that on you? That was me. Oh, that was you been there? Yeah, it's nice. Let me tell you my Tahoe story. It's a very brief one. Many, many, many years ago, I was on vacation. I was in Sacramento, California. Oh, Sacramento's great. I just love that city. And they have a harness track there. So that's all I need. And anyway, I thought I'm going to go to Tahoe. I'm getting into my rent a car. I'm going to drive up to Tahoe. And I got to a Tahoe and there's a sign. There's a fork in the road. Luckily it was in the summertime. And there's a sign. And it says Lake Tahoe and then with one arrow. And there's another one that says Lake Tahoe. Well, okay, well, what does that mean? Yeah. No, no, seriously, that's what the sign said. Probably they've changed it. One of them meant like the city where the casinos are and where the, and the other one meant the lake. Right. Okay. Well, I took the wrong fork in the road. And I'm going to tell you, you have never in your, I guarantee you, you've never driven on a, well, I know you've driven in some funky places, but this was winding mountain road. And there was, there was one place here and it was breathtaking because there were all these kayakers, and all these bread, all those wild stuff in the lake. It's a breathtaking thing to see. But there was one place in the road where you actually had a come into a stop and do like a U-turn. Uh-huh. Sure, the road runs out. Yeah. Well, it's an mountains. Right. Yeah. But they're done that. Holy moly, right, man. And no space to turn around. So I just, uh, I just kept going. I look at my map on a simple Reno, isn't really all that far. So I went to Reno, Janet. And I never did see a Lake Tahoe, the national city. I saw the lake. Wow, that is something. So you're right. It's a beautiful place. 1013 at 560, WQM. We got this. So that's the pole. We'll see we get any response on that. If not, that's okay because we have a lot of crap. Don't forget to go see the movie. Hey, if you're sick and tear to your PC being attacked by browser popup, when those being watched by spyware and getting nothing, but virus emails from your friends and coworkers, the easiest way to deal with these bugs is to get you a Macintosh from Macceter, the Apple Specialist in Fort Lauderdale. The Macintosh is built on an entirely different base than Windows, so all those PC pests just can't hurt the Mac. The technology experts at Macceter can show you that it's easy to change to the Mac 2 with thousands of programs available, including ones that you're already used to uncomfortable with like Microsoft Word and Excel. Now even take your old computers at trading. So make the change today by calling the Macceter at 950-4-4-865500. You won't get a better deal on your Maccaripod any place else in town, because the Macceter is home of the 5% we bait on every purchase. Come in before June 30th. But third man. You registered when the hard to find iPod mini. That's all happening at the Macceter on commercial Boulevard, and don't forget to mention you heard about it here on QM for extra savings too. Call a Met 9-5-4-4-4-865500. That's 9-5-4-4-4-865500 for the Macceter. Stay in the front of you now. Two years later and saying it took me a little while. I'm a little slow learner, but Neil, I apologize. Wait, wait, wait. You are the truth. That's your new leader. Oh summer, we still want to give you some. Don't mind the kids. Little summer, we gotta be hungry. We're gonna run, run, run, run, run, run. You think you're some summer, run, run, run, run, run. Summer, we still want to give you some. Don't mind the kids. Little summer, we gotta be hungry. Don't mind the kids. We're gonna run, run, run, run. Sorry, something. We want to kick you out. You're fact-hit, gonna feel it for the lead. And out here, we better be afraid. I hope we're gonna kill you all. And that's what we're only left out. It's really snowy. We should keep in the belly. We'll be sweet when you're done with me, okay? Even we are, no one's gonna steal our we ain't gonna stop until we're. I'd be headed on a skewer. Oh summer, we still want to give you some. Don't mind the kids. Little summer, we gotta be hungry. Don't mind the kids. You think you're some summer, run, run, run, run, run. We still want to give you some. Don't mind the kids. We're gonna think hungry. Don't mind the kids. We're gonna run, run, run, run. 10, 19, at 5, 60. They're in Cagan, I'm seeing them just at a really sensational interview with Michael Moore. How do you like that? All right. Well good. But I'll see you really soon. And she didn't give me any flank. And she let him say his piece. And he said his next project is gonna be taking on the HMOs in the Farms Circle industry, which will be really good. What a guy. Michael Moore for present, baby. Yeah. I don't see Hawaii on our pool yet. Josh, I don't want to be pushy, but I don't see it on there. I realize you under a lot of stress and pressure. Now it is Josh Beckett business. No movie gore will be bored. U.S. critics, this is from the Guardian, the Brits. U.S. quitters find Michael Moore's anti-bush misive entertaining and persuasive even must see cinema just don't call it a documentary. And it's got a listing. It's got a variety of different encapsulated reviews. A.O. Scott, New York Times says, Michael Moore's Fahrenheit and I love it will probably be debated on the basis of its factual claims and cinematic techniques. It should first of all be appreciated as a high-spirited and unruly exercise and democratic self-expression. Claudia Puyg, and you will say today says, no movie gore will be bored. The documentary is skating attack on the war in Iraq and George W. Bush's presidency, is informative provocative frightening compelling funny manipulative and most of all entertaining. Mary Coral is in time magazine says. Fahrenheit 911 is at its best when it provides talking points for the emerging majority of those opposed to the Iraq incursion in some it's an appalling and thralling primer of what more season is the Bush administration's crimes and misdemeanors. Todd McCarthy and Variety says, it's title notwithstanding Michael Moore's delivered a film rather less than said the area that might be expected or wished for by his fans in Fahrenheit 911. These sporadically effective docutraids far more in emotional appeals than in systematically building Evansville case against the president of the circle. That's his take. Here's one from James Reneer, Boston Herold. Fahrenheit 911 comes to many of the same conclusions as the recent 911 panel. The film will play the required in the influence voters especially younger ones who are straddling the fence if you want to be part of the debate Fahrenheit 911 is must see cinema. This in Thomas Washington Post says what's remarkable here isn't more political animosity or ticklish wit. It's the well-argued heartfelt power of his persuasion. Even though there are many things here that we've already learned more put more puts it all together, it's a look back that feels like a new gaze forward. And there's some other ones on here. And I notice I didn't see this on a Fudge Report. Also all of those things about the Clinton book of disappeared from a Fudge Report about how it isn't selling real big in Manitowak and it's not real big in Pioria. And it hopes over there when Bill Glade aren't like going crazy by it. Yeah. Fahrenheit sets single day sales record in New York City. Director Michael Mors controversial documentary Fahrenheit 911 turned on the box office heat and its first day of theaters breaking single day records at the Tune York City theaters were played. The movie which changed the critical eye of President Bush and his prosecution to the winter rax sold $49,000 worth of tickets at the lowest billet 7th Peter beating the venue single day record a 43,000 plus held by 1997's been in black according to distributor's Lionsgate films and IFC films. At the Lincoln Plaza theater, Fahrenheit 911 took in more than $30,000. The top to 24 grand said by crouching tiger hidden dragon in 2000. A spokesman for Lionsgate film said the company debuted the movie in the two theaters to help build good word or mouth. Friend telling friend publicity had the wide debut today when a plays in 868 theaters in all 50 states plus of course here in Canada. 22 theaters right here in the GTA. They the film is called Racco's Webbapapapai and etc. How do you like that? So it's off to a great start and Carla whatever her name is. Carla Maranucci. Are you going to Gucci? Nope. Yeah Maranucci don't you remember they gave the award to Michael Corleo and he the Manucci Foundation. I remember don't for Nitchie. And anyway. Fahrenheit 911 may be especially influential among young voters, Carla writes. She says it has may earn nations a million to the box office and a place in cultural history as they politically charge movie that experts say has the potential to shape the debate in a close election year. Among those who political analysts say may as be especially influenced by more as film younger voters it independence both crucial voting blocks that are up for grabs in a presidential election. Young people that just a lot of their politics from non-traditional sources such as John Stewart on Comedy Central and David Letterman on CBS at Mark Lopez research director for the nonprofit Center for Information and Research on Civil Learning and Engagement. I bet you didn't know there was a Center for Information and Research on Center for Learning and Engagement. Yeah. No idea. Morris movie may be a non-traditional source in a for which is a wider audience who would help to form some people's opinions. It's not often that you can get a movie that's focused on a major election year issue in Fahrenheit 911 is getting at the issues that young people care about in this case the war in Iraq and the war on terrorism said Jonathan Zaff present in of 18 to 35 a non-partisan organization based in Washington DC that tries to encourage first-time voters. Zaff said about a 30 younger voters are registered as non-partisan. A considerably higher percentage than older voters. The theme of more film may especially hit almost at viewers because around 80% of front-line men and women serving in Iraq are under the age of 35 and they represent the lion's sure of casualties there. So there you go. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. If you had tons of cash, where in a world outside Florida would you live? So far, I'm Shadam's got 13. I've already lived there as you know. Yeah, briefly. And I agree with that. The reason being not because it's so much fun to be there, although it is a frustrating because it's like in the dark ages in many ways, but also because it's so close to so many other neat places, you know? Right. It's one of the fine things about Europe, unlike the US which is so spread out that if you wanted travel from Florida like to a Seattle, it's a long, long, long, long, long slip, but in Europe you can go anywhere just on the train or a plane or whatever just a very short period of time. I'm stood on 13, lost a late Tahoe 10, Vagasate, Y2, and Rome, Rome has already got one. What's not to like? WQM, hello. Sam from Cisco. Sam from Cisco? Yes, sir. What do you like about that? I just close everything and it's close to late Tahoe, it's close to northern California. And it's just, I can just say northern California, I'd say that, but you want to send Okay, got to thank you so much. Fantastic to go, a little too fruity for me, but I'm sure he likes it. My life and love. This is sports-reel-fifth to keep you. You and you and you and you have. Good. Oh, what's the problem, officer? The floor, I from the video. My boss, my brother's here. If you're God driving without a seatbelt, you will be removed from your car and shot. The police now have the authority to enforce seatbelt safety under the new Patriot Act 2. The new laws in effect now, so click it or be shot. Officers don't like doing this. They are only following orders. It's for your own protection in the neverending fight against terrorism. Terrorists act such as mouth noise. Perping and fighting. But be annoying to others. So under Patriot Act 2, eating will no longer be permitted in restaurants. Anyone eating outside the desigated eating area? We'll also be shot. It's the law. We like saying that. The law. The law. The law. The law. It's the law. It'd be the law. It's 1031 at 560WQM, but we should have enough promos here today. I'm going to have to wish Midkhan I want about the hockey thing tomorrow. Sorry, Clarice, but I haven't had time to reach 55 promos. If you want these other ones we got here, I'll do these, but that other one. Don't forget there's something going on tomorrow with the river along going a hockey. I don't know. Join the big day from noon to two and call on us and authorize Verizon Mariles. They didn't look at it at 500 West Open Park Boulevard. Stop by the spin the wheel for prizes. Oh, yeah, some kind of prizes. That's calling us at noon today with the big. Oh, I finally discovered what it is about him that bothers me so much on a year. He has no sense of humor. He sounds like he's coming out of my machine. There's no variation to his voice. It's like a dull 60-cycle tone. You know what I mean? And it just goes on and on and on and on about the sports and it's all very serious. Neetalks like that. And he just ain't ever like a chuckle's a little bit or he ducks it up or anything. It's always like so definitely serious man. The big, just like not a little bit sweetheart. Maybe about 20 pounds would be good. Anyway, join QNM present day beer six to wait tonight at the Kindle Elhouse at 116th Avenue Candle Drive. Free booze for that so much. Summing Miguel will be on that one. I reckon. Stop by for prizes and specials on present and day beer. Well, I pause just in case Josh might to be there but he's not getting in on that because Miguel is always at the ones where this free booze. And tomorrow noon to two little George will be at Bill Siddles savings of bullet about his savings. I know thwest 36th street. Just west of 27th Avenue. I mean they love those free sandwiches there. Stop by the win prizes and your free food from Atlantic City subs. Get there early before they sandwich you guys cleaned out. Steve says if I had an unlimited cash flow I'd live in my own private island the Bahamas is what Steve says. Stop by. Have a great weekend you two Steve. And Bahamas, well if it's his own private island, I can understand. Stop by. Other net who would want to be dealing with those people there. With all due apologies to our listeners in Bahamas, we heat you people like boys. Okay? We can't stand you. The arrogant up not just way the way you rip off and rape the tourist, the gullible American tourist to come there. I won't be back anytime soon. Trust me when I tell you. In fact I ain't never coming back to that place. What a nightmare. Here's a all look at this. More belly aching. Whaaaaa! Whaaaaa! When you people are going to stop belly aching already? What the hell is going on here in Miami? It says Fahrenheit 9-11 is only playing at sunset place, Cocowalk 16, Eventura and South Beach recorded the internet at AMC theaters. What happened to South Day 8 where black folk and Cubans go accard the internet. It's not playing in Kindle Town of Country. Well guess what? Open a car. Yeah, one of those jittney buses or something. And move to another part of town for a couple of hours go see it there. Right. Huh? Yeah. It's all over the place. In addition to which I'm sure that if they only check out AMC theaters, it's showing a lot of other places besides AMC theaters. Right? I'm sure they just got to do some work. I mean, they're not in wide release. It's like that other facts you read yesterday to be able to get by a hundred dollars. I'm going to say it again. It's showing at 22 theaters here in Toronto this weekend. 22. Do you know that? Yeah. That sounds like wide release to you. That's a lot up there. It's not 22 theaters down here though. But they're still plenty. Well, I see. Here's one, two, three, four on here now. Plus we know it's at the gateway in Fort Lauderdale and a couple of others. The one in sunrise. It's at least a dozen. Okay. Ten or not. And of course we're not even cotton Palm Beach County because what do we know about them? Maybe they'll tell us. In fact, if somebody out there wants to do a public service, they could, the facts is in the right spot. So I got a great idea for whoever sent this anonymous facts. Open up a newspaper. Oh my god. Look at who this is from. The Inahorn I care center. Remember the doctor's eye on the Lord? What a mystery. He goes to sponsors. The doctor's eye in horn. Maybe they just can't read the newspaper from a small print. Get a magnifying glass and I'll open up to the theater section in the news post for the Haroldus morning and maybe take a look and see where it's playing a quick billy akin to us. It's all over the place. In addition to which of you that anxious to see it, it certainly is well worth the effort to go and drive a couple of miles to go see it. I'm going to hop on a subway here. It's not playing like right next door to where I live. So I'll hop on a subway. It'll take me two minutes. Big deal. Man, what about your lazy? It's like the thing with the Marlins with the stadium. Oh, wait. We want to write next door to my house. You know, what's a lazy bastards? How about that? We'll say one thing for the Marlin organization, man. They are sure working overtime to give away all kinds of crap at once. But they caught on. These people caught on real quick on like John Henry. If they want to put ashes in the seats, just winning the world's serious limiting a lot of games of being in first place. I mean, that's fine. But you got to give away a bunch of free crap or have some extra, hook every day to drag those bastards into the wall park. Here's the fact that says I would live at least part of the year in Andora. It's the tiny country in the Pyrenees mountains between France and Spain. Beautiful place. No taxes. Very friendly, multi-culture cosmopolitan non-EECUA. Flight of Barcelona, motorcoach up to Andora. Hold and snowy in the winter. Facial here on women is fairly informal. Whole countries about the size of our lottery. I'll don't tell everybody as a secret. It says, are we putting these on there? I hope. Yes, we're good. And here's somebody who says, Rome, near the Piazza Navona. Oh, Chappiquia. Oh, I'm on. Yep. I'm not so sure I wouldn't have picked Rome myself as opposed to what I'm shitting out. Just because of the food. What I would do is I would go on the Alexandria Paul diet for about six months and get out about 120 pounds soaking wet. And then I would move to Rome. I'm just eat mine, Germán, Joe. I'm serious. Even if you don't care about art or culture or just see, you know, I can't imagine anybody could not care about seeing the buildings. Yeah. See in a Coliseum and the Spanish steps, all of these things. But even if you don't care anything about that, oh, and I'll tell you Josh Beckett would like Rome, allow you want to know why? Quick. No, he could wash his hands at all of those statues. You know, where they're like, being in the fountain? Right. So it ain't just wash washes hands all the time. They really might be clean. But even if you don't like any of those things, the food in itself is just that's worth gone. If you're really skinny or if you just fatten have a death wish, that's where you want to go. WQM. Hello. Not there. WQM. Hello. QAM. Yeah. For the Paul. Yes, sir. Sounds very Connecticut. Sounds very Connecticut. Well, I figure if you have all the money in the world, you're, uh, that's just your home base, right? The place you're going to live. Yeah. It's months in the one day of the year. I never heard of sales brewer Connecticut. Is there where sales brewery state came from? I'm sure it didn't. Not beautiful. Little nook and the northwest corn here, uh, the, uh, the, uh, the, uh, the, the, the, the, the location trail and all that stuff. Okay. Thanks so much. The sales brewer Connecticut. Say goodbye. Put it on there. Even though it's not going to get any votes except his sales brewery state came from England. Of course. I just asked that to try to be like, uh, try to make it a little more interesting, which wasn't 567. 0560, pound 560 on the AT and T in Verizon wireless line. The new and choir is out. Of course was out yesterday. But if I were to use the yesterday, then we wouldn't have anything to talk about today. Man, there is so much they made up for several weeks of a real dry, dry spell there at the inquire. Front cover story Clinton cheating again. Aren't you shocked? Oh my God. What a surprise. Secret trips to lovers. How to wait. Bring more heartbreak for Hillary. We'll get into that. Most every pageant is inquire. There's something really heavy duty going on. Vanessa Williams and Lake or Hubby divorcing over sexy blonde. David Carruso, Phoenix with mystery gal. Uh, there's just more crap in here. It's just, um, Hollywood madam is hot for Rush Limbaugh. Heidi Fleiss has got a crush for Rush. Limbaugh divorce could signal fall of his empire. Talks your host fears. The feds are leading on his wife or to do it to him. What they did to Martha Stewart, which we can't wait for that. Jacko hiding out in Miami. See all the swell eventually comes to mind. That's why I'm on up there. Uh, it just loaded. It's like they were holding all of this good stuff back for weeks and weeks and we Britney sex tape nightmare. Huh? Internet email. It tries to make a phony sale. 307 Palm Curse de Alley. Spinning out of control. If you saw this picture, you got to go to public. Oh no, but you haven't seen this. Now, in fact, you wouldn't be there. You'd be in a hospital right now. You'd have a in a mental institution. You'd be having an earthquake time. You have never seen you the day. Oh my god. Wow. Yeah, she's a Marlon Breddo now. Fast food is a favorite of Curse de Alley. She stops in a taco shop and it shows her coming out with a bag full of stuff. I could feed the Chinese army. 307 pounds. She is just ballooned up to a monster in the entertainment industry. Wow. Wow. She's five seven three hundred seven pounds. Which is only a hundred pounds more than during her last major role on Veronica's closet. You can't get a squeeze that fat ass in the closet. So we're getting all of those things today. Most Americans now say that Cindy US troops through Iraq was a mistake. A USA today see him call a pull of fines for the first time. I'm a jury also say that the war there has made the nation less safe from terrorism. The American people little so many uptake with their finally catching on. The survey taken Monday through Wednesday. This week shows the turnaround and views toward the war in less than a month. Continue violence and Iraq in questions about the war's justification. Apparently, are eroding support even as the US moved to turnover sovereignty. As somebody next week, we don't really know who does so much. A guy's is the first time since the Vietnam that a majority of Americans is called a major deployment of US forces a mistake. When the war in Iraq began last year, a public by three to one sending a said sending troops to Iraq wasn't a mistake. Just three weeks ago, 58% still held that view. But now 54% say mistake. How do you like that? In December 56% said the war made the US safer. But now, where's the number? Well, I can't find the number. At any rate, Bush is doing better against Democrat John Kerry because of right-and-eview to the economy among likely voters nationwide. Bush leads Kerry 48 to 47%. We're out there to get in 3%, three weeks ago, Kerry led 49 to 43%, but the most important news in the 17 battleground states where both campaigns are focusing their time in TV ads, Kerry is widened as lead over Bush 53 to 40%. They were tied in these states in mid-May, Kerry had a 5.3 weeks ago when I was up by 13 lucky points. 5, the local, the 6560, the regular, the original, the QAAM. Jim from the Clinton Memoirs. Adam mating with an academic today and spend a little time with Madeline Allbratt talking over national security. And I got it, Natta was oddly turned on. Yes, it turns out of all this wanted to, when grandfathered the Clinton Memoirs, that was the first time in the world. 1046, 14 before 11 at 560, WCM had Maddog and 2, the Humperate 4, 630, Marlon's on deck, or 640, excuse me, because the game is in Tampa. The devil raised a 1 watt 13 out of the last 14 game, something like that, which is shocking. Nobody cares, that's even more shocking. Marlon's are played over there, game times 715, 80K for the game. Now this facts, which I think these inside facts is our from a gill. That's my guess. Okay. Haneal, I can't believe you went thinking outside the box, I think you got hit on Joe in a Howard thing, he about happened Monday. Now do we believe that there's any Joe and Howard thing about to happen on Monday? No. No. Although we don't have the schedule for next week, and I noticed that both parents and mother were very evasive about next week's schedule, but I beat better boop them and wouldn't we couldn't pin them down this morning. Where's next week's schedule? Okay, boys, I realize it's a major project, but how about it? We know Joe is coming back, allegedly 8 to 10, that's what it says, and the newspaper, but of course we all see how accurate the newspaper is based on the lies that we keep feeding them. We can tell them anything over there, it all keep putting it in. And then it goes on in this facts to say, but about your pool, where you said tons of cash, well, why would anyone live anywhere? See, what I'm talking about, and it's really very sad. It says, Neo, get with it. No, you'll get with it, and obviously anybody would tons of cash would travel a lot. We understand that. But where would your main home base be? Like the guy in South Brachinetican? He's not going to stay there. Well, we hope not. Right? No, I hope he stays there. I think they're waffling on that schedule. I think maybe they're holding something back. And I'm going to tell you right now, if it turns out that they lied to me one last time, that's it. I'm taking off Monday, Wednesday, and Friday, all summer if they pull that crap. Thomas says, if I had a crap load of money, I would live in Prague and the Czech Republic, not only do they have some of the most beautiful women in the world, there are also lots of business opportunities. How do you like that? Says Thomas, if not, then anywhere where Monica Balucili is, because with a crap load of money, I'd have better than a 50, 50 chance of nailing her. Is what Thomas said, well, go luck to your time. You'll need it. Well, why you just aged in the lead? How do you like that? Say I told you. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon, wireless line. Who was good enough for Raymond Burr? She lived there. Really? Oh, why? If it was good enough for a jack-lord, he lived there. People would love to money. They'd return and go to the Henneloo, Mr. Serley. And probably not one of the other islands like the Big Island. For people into the mountains and the sea, and a great Pacific Ocean, just all of it is just fabulous. It's damn far. So when you go, they just don't plan to come and back. Go to move to that Leparilin. Dominique. Oh, what the hell was that? That man. That WN flow. WN flow. Yeah. Yes, sir. I want to talk to the Neil. Speaking. Neil. I have something I want to tell you. The other day I was in Miami. Good. I'll go back there. 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T. And do we get a list of the theaters yet? Yeah, I thought it's way too. From the Pate. Oh, here we go. Well, how am I supposed to read this? Eightway. Well, I see two, four, six, seven theaters on here on this one. This is the Sun Sentinel, though. Sogress. This is a very bad copy. Sogress in number 23. Shadowwood, 16. The Gateway. Sunrise in US 1. Sunrise 11. But I can't read these addresses because this copy is so bad. Mysner Parkett Boka. What does that say? Something, a mall? Let me get it out. High field. I don't really can't read it. High, it'll burp. No, seriously. What does that say? And then the Crown Grand 18, which is just right. Some of the airfield sawgress. Shadowwood, Gateway, Mysner Park, Crown Grand 18. Like you said? What does that say in the upper right hand corner? But, Crown Grand 18. Do your field mall? No, do your field mall. Bad copy. Here's what it says. It looks as if the right wing is somewhat succeeded in censoring Fahrenheit 9-11. It's opening in a Meagre 3 theaters. What are they talking about? I just got your reading. 4-6-8. Who do we appreciate? Michael Moore. That's between that and our rating. They managed to frustrate all but the most perfect Bushators. First of all, I don't think any of our faxes are calls are coming from anybody under the age of 18. In fact, you only got to be a 17. So, what are they talking about? You people are such a bunch of Wussels, man. God. Gary Bush up a little bit. Gary in Weston. All poor Gary is going to have to drive all the way over into sunrise. Man, that probably take him at least 15 minutes. They all want to write next door. Yeah, I want it next door, too. Somebody says Bangkok. Don't make any comment about that. Okay, somebody wants to live in Thailand. Okay. Let's say the better. A former Roman Catholic priest who was extradited from Britain to New Zealand has been sentenced to seven years in prison after he put a guilty to 21 charges relating to having sex with boys between 1982 and 85. Wellington High Court Judge Brigitte McIntosh said Alan Woodcock, 56. I committed an appalling breach of trust and then his acts had serious and tragic effects for his victims. Court documents showed that while Woodcock was a teacher at St. Patrick Silverstream School near the capital Welladin, he made friends with boys, often a cigarettes and a tystimed to his bedroom, where he performed the Indies and Acts on them. One victim described Woodcock's sexual appetite as voracious and rampant. In 1979, three years before being employed to work at one of the church schools he was convicted of sexually assaulting 18-age boy, and it goes on in Anayati Ariyani. He'd been arrested by officers from the Metropolitan Police August 52, 2002 at Newton Airport as he would turn from holiday in Greece. Who was in Greece up to his arm. So there go there's just another one of those isolated incidents. Switching sides, Lyaya Koka endorses Kari. Oh, right. Former Christler Chairman, Lyaya Koka, who back President Bush four years ago, switched sides and endorsed Democratic Senator John Kari for President yesterday, could only eye Koka outside out of mind. I wouldn't talk about him since back when his doing was awful TV spots. Remember? Sure. Very, very. I'm here to think because our country needs a change in leadership. I, Oca said, and appearance with Kari yesterday, we need to lead to who's re-dedicated creating millions of high-paying jobs all across the country. I, Oca, self-discrab independent stump for Bush and Michigan and Pennsylvania in 2000. Also, a period in the statewide Republican TV at Michigan Warning Voters, then Al Gore's extreme ideas about cars, could cost a lot of Michigan families there, jobs. But yesterday, he said he's changing sides because he was attracted to Kari's economic plan, including his job creation proposals. He also said they presumptive Democratic nominee both understands change and will live with the American people about how to adapt to that change. Kari called Iakoka Manakomonsense, a CEO of Common Sense and Imprond Evans Council, and a support Yoyati, and maybe one day I'll wake up before it's too late. Somebody slap my head and wake him up, please. How about the Todd Burtuzzi business? I'm sure you're on to that story. Who's speaking to Slap and somebody on the head? Vancouver connects to our Todd Burtuzzi with Tard G.S. today with a salt. For a sucker punch they left Colorado steep more with Eckenries and prompted widespread criticism of hockey violence, and I say, Oh, good going! Only let's not have a slap on a wrist is that. Let's put him to slamer. The sociocontart of these idiots after these goons, with think that this is part of a sport. Coming up from behind a guy and sucker punching went ahead, and then knocking down on the ice and trying to slay him his head on the ice, and leaving a guy with a broken neck. The Tard is a salt causing bodily harm, or announced by the criminal justice branch, the Ministry of the Attorney General after investigation in life in four months, Burtuzzi's been her due appearance provincial cordial eye-nine in British Columbia. The March 8 attack left more in a hospital eye in the hospital with three-factor vertebrae, facial cuts post-cum cussion now symptoms and amnesia. Nurs and neck are also stretched. Doctors say it's not known when or if more can play hockey again, the NHL suspended Burtuzzi for the final 13 games of the regular season, and then cover seven playoff games and a part of the military. So that's good news that the promising sign, and anybody disagrees with that whether you're a lunatic, okay? Go and look with Peter Warrell. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 16, by the way, Gueldi. It could be no season this year's sweetheart. What's he going to be doing? He's going to be just laying out, I guess. So far, Hawaii, if you had tons of cash, we're in the world outside Florida, would you live? What would be your home base? Hawaii, 30, 34 Hawaii. Good man. Amsterdam 22, Lake Tahoe, 19, Vegas 18, Role, 10, San Francisco, 9, and Doroth 3. The Bahamas won. None yet for Southborough, Connecticut. Prague has none in Bangkok and I'm yet. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 60, on the AT&T in Verizon, where it was lying. Don't forget, don't go to that QAM online option thing, whatever you do. Don't get sucked in by that card. No chance is a crime. It's a scam. I heard most lies lying this morning about how grace gonna buy three suits for the money to get in from that thing. Hi, Scott Moldo. Good to see you. Good to see you. Good to see you. Hey, Alponeo. Yes, sir. Call from South Carolina. You just come here. I'm just going to go. How you doing? I could you off? Yeah, you said hello. And I answered and there was got cut off. I'm in a mobile. Listen, my way towards Connecticut. I got a USA today. You've got to see the entertainment section. It lists the 10 worst movie villains of all time. Number five nurse ratchet. Really? Honestly, it's in the Spider-Man's coming out today. And they did a thing about the worst movie films of all time. But number nine, listen to this number nine of the worst movie films of all time. The hell believes in deliverance. Oh, boy. I haven't been able to look that up during the break. I'm going to go online and get that. If you can find USA today, it's in the, I guess, entertainment section. And in closing, one final thing also in USA today. I'm page 14 leaders and article about some company that manufactures some type of clothing or whatever. In Washington state, they put a tag in there how to wash the clothing. And in French, they put down. We are sorry that our president is an idiot. Oh, yeah, that's an old story. Thank you, my, that's an old story. We had that week's week and weeks ago. Well, USA today is just catching up. So during the break. In fact, I think we might change the poll because we've done this other one and they don't like it anyway. They don't get it. They don't want to play that game. We'll do the other one. Whatever that one was from USA today, right? Okay. The worst or list of facts into you. It's the definitive movie list. Well, thank and quit belly aching. Okay, if it's not worth a couple of bucks a gas or camp here to go see it then crawl into the bed. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. David's a bitch. Coming up tonight on inside behind the two Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story. They were from Canada. Where everything is so much better. They were a winner. I know. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. Our music was a boot like positive and upbeat things. Lens found your mark of stencil. Basically, Canadians are like happier than you America's a. We got like a healthcare system that like works a. And like the crime raise much lower here a. And nobody in the Middle East is like mad at us a. What are you trying to say? Oh, nothing. Just nobody calls us the great Satan or anything. Look, that's enough you. Canadian. Oh, it's okay. I know what the hostility is about. But like we're this close to legalizing marijuana here too. You are. Ask anything. Oh, any day. Uh, listen, you think it could put me a very few weeks. You know why? Let's go about a place to live. Oh, sure. Great. Sorry, I got that before. Whoa. And a apology. I've never heard an American do that. Lens. They're upbeat. Positive music is shed new eye on a place that just might decide not to. But me and jail for getting eye. It's a big juicy shopping went. Look at show business tonight. On inside of the line. Oh, brother. Now, first of all, now maybe my hearing is going. Maybe it was a bad connection. But the call a guy that called us a minute ago from South Carolina didn't he say that it was a list of the worst. The ten worst villains. From movies. Right. Now, how did you interpret that? Like the most popular. Most insidious member of old villain. No, the best. The top ten. Okay. Not the ten worst. The ten worst would be like as in bad as in week as in late. Both to be bad. Anyway, here's their list. I'm not going to change the pull. I like our other pull. I'm not going to do it. We've done these. They're coming out of my ass. Darth Vader is their number one. Norman Bates from psychos number two. Bruce the shark and jaws. Hannibal Lectors fourth. Nurse Rajin from Cooper's nest is five. The number nine thousand from 2000 on a space out of six. Number seven is Jack Torrance here is Johnny from the shining. Number eight is Alex 4th. Glenn Close in fatal attraction. Nine the helipoli from Dueling band from deliverance. And Freddy Krueger's number ten. And just it's just a lame. I'm glad I didn't do that. But anyway, thanks for the information pal. And just don't do that again. Now, what has changed about this? It says revised. Like I'm supposed to know what that means revised. It's different. He had to be new. Well, what's different? Which one is different? It's the one in the middle. It's different. Okay. Join Qm in President and T. Beard and I took away the Kindle. A.L. House on 116th Avenue in Kendall Drive. And at little wholeys from nine to 11 pm at 135 southwest 89. Play step by for prizes, specials in President T. Beard. So they just keep making these longer. I'm going to get to the point. I'm just not going to read him. I'm just going to promote the one who are George or Josh is going to be on it. Because they're involved with his show. But other than that, I'm just going to get to the point. Not going to read him. Just commercial. That's all. Just making longer and longer and longer and just keep pouring these shows and pouring these shows. And I'd be very honest with you. I don't hear other people for the most part. I'm not that I hear the station that often. But what I do. I don't hear people reading these promos. They don't. Oh. Well, like I said, just pushing a good thing too far. That's what Clarence always does. And Miguel, you're good friend with those baseball tickets. But I'm sure Clarence is on top of them. I want to think that. What a thing that is to conjure up. No, thank you. Oh. Anyway, here's this list. Let's see. One, two, three, four, five, six. Let me try again. Two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten, eleven, twelve, thirteen. That's your lucky number. Thirteen has in Dan Maria on Matt Sunday. Number 13. Thirteen theaters. It's playing at in South Florida. These people are. They're going to be a little bit more fun. Yeah. And they're going to be a little bit more fun. Yeah. And they're going to be a little bit more fun. Yeah. And they're going to be a little bit more fun. Yeah. And they're going to be a little bit more fun. Yeah. And they're going to be a little bit more fun. Yeah. And they're going to be a little bit more fun. And they're going to be a little bit more fun. Yeah. And they're going to be a little bit more fun. Yeah. And they're going to be a little bit more fun. Yeah. And they're going to be a little bit more fun. Yeah. And they're going to be a little bit more fun. Yeah. And they're going to be a little bit more fun. Yeah. And they're going to be a little bit more fun. Yeah. And they're going to be a little bit more fun. Yeah. And they're going to be a little bit more fun. Yeah. And they're going to be a little bit more fun. Yeah. And they're going to be a little bit more fun. Yeah. And they're going to be a little bit more fun. Yeah. And they're going to be a little bit more fun. Yeah. And they're going to be a little bit more fun. Yeah. And they're going to be a little bit more fun. Yeah. And they're going to be a little bit more fun. Yeah. And they're going to be a little bit more fun. Yeah. And they're going to be a little bit more fun. Yeah. And they're going to be a little bit more fun. Yeah. And they're going to be a little bit more fun. Yeah. And they're going to be a little bit more fun. Yeah. And they're going to be a little bit more fun. Yeah. And they're going to be a little bit more fun. Yeah. And they're going to be a little bit more fun. Yeah. And they're going to be a little bit more fun. Yeah. And they're going to be a little bit more fun. Yeah. And they're going to be a little bit more fun. Yeah. And they're going to be a little bit more fun. Yeah. And they're going to be a little bit more fun. Yeah. And they're going to be a little bit more fun. Yeah. And they're going to be a little bit more fun. Yeah. And they're going to be a little bit more fun. Yeah. And they're going to be a little bit more fun. Yeah. And they're going to be a little bit more fun. Yeah. And they're going to be a little bit more fun. Yeah. And they're going to be a little bit more fun. Yeah. And they're going to be a little bit more fun. Yeah. And they're going to be a little bit more fun. Yeah. And they're going to be a little bit more fun. Yeah. And they're going to be a little bit more fun. Yeah. And they're going to be a little bit more fun. Yeah. Yeah. And they're going to be a little bit more fun. Yeah. And they're going to be a little bit more fun. Yeah. And they're going to be a little bit more fun. Yeah. And they're going to be a little bit more fun. Yeah. And they're going to be a little bit more fun. Yeah. And they're going to be a little bit more fun. Yeah. And they're going to be a little bit more fun. Yeah. And they're going to be a little bit more fun. Yeah. And they're going to be a little bit more fun. Yeah. And they're going to be a little bit more fun. Yeah. And they're going to be a little bit more fun. Yeah. And they're going to be a little bit more fun. Yeah. And they're going to be a little bit more fun. Yeah. And they're going to be a little bit more fun. Yeah. And they're going to be a little bit more fun. Yeah. And they're going to be a little bit more fun. Yeah. And they're going to be a little bit more fun. Yeah. And they're going to be a little bit more fun. Yeah. And they're going to be a little bit more fun. Yeah. And they're going to be a little bit more fun. Yeah. And they're going to be a little bit more fun. Yeah. And they're going to be a little bit more fun. Yeah. And they're going to be a little bit more fun. Yeah. And they're going to be a little bit more fun. Yeah. And they're going to be a little bit more fun. Yeah. And they're going to be a little bit more fun. Yeah. And they're going to be a little bit more fun. Yeah. And they're going to be a little bit more fun. Yeah. And they're going to be a little bit more fun. Yeah. And they're going to be a little bit more fun. Yeah. And they're going to be a little bit more fun. Yeah. And they're going to be a little bit more fun. Yeah. And they're going to be a little bit more fun. Yeah. And they're going to be a little bit more fun. Yeah. And they're going to be a little bit more fun. Yeah. And they're going to be a little bit more fun. Yeah. And they're going to be a little bit more fun. Yeah. And they're going to be a little bit more fun. Yeah. And they're going to be a little bit more fun. Yeah. And they're going to be a little bit more fun. Yeah. And they're going to be a little bit more fun. Yeah. And they're going to be a little bit more fun. Yeah. And they're going to be a little bit more fun. Yeah. And they're going to be a little bit more fun. Yeah. And they're going to be a little bit more fun. Yeah. And they're going to be a little bit more fun. Yeah. And they're going to be a little bit more fun. Yeah. And they're going to be a little bit more fun. Yeah. It's only showing a tree and broward. That sounds like enough. Anyway, Stockholm Sweden, it says from David Cobb, and a shortened sweet into the point, thank you, David. The couple will be more than happy to send you there. Greg, we'll pay for it. He'll trade it out. In fact, we'll raise honey. We'll run a special online auction. Other scan. And we're raised to my descend day of the cop to Stockholm, where we find those beautiful blondes and some women too. Let's see. Mike says the mountains in North Carolina. What? What's up, you're Ali? Right. Just mountains in North Carolina. Appalachian mountains. How's that? Because they're just as beautiful. And then he says sick places in day two and for now. Don't anybody tell me, I had the whole listening for you right there. I saved it. I didn't just sit in it. It's not just six and day county. It's one. Well, maybe it is. One. That's right. Because I'm including about two. Three. Four. Five. Like I said, six. You're absolutely got your thumb right on a baby six. How many doesn't need to be until these people are happy? But third man. But we're in so much about who else is going to be able to see it. You go and see it. And I right. Quit worrying about what everybody else is doing. Nozzy, nozzy bastards. All these emotion. No wondered bush cut in. No wonder about everybody was else sleep. Yeah. Crying, doing usual software, crying thing. While they were stealing the election and broad daylight. God Almighty. Here's what we got so far on the pool. And I'm not changing it. That really bogus thing in the USA today, which is need more incentive. Which is need more incentive. Well, I mean it was a bad bad description. I mean we've done that pool. Those kind of pools of billion times already, right? Right. I'm tired of hearing about Darth Vader already. If I have to hear about Darth Vader one more time, I'm just going to barfe. Barfe, yeah. Norman Bates. That's another story. How's Tab Hunter doing? How's he doing? If he had tons of cash, we're in the world outside Florida. Would you live outside Florida? Those are the operative two words in other words. Get out of town if you had all that money. Go somewhere. Are you perokio people? Are you people who are scared to fly? Are they going to blow up by plane? Yeah, right. Why 49? Late Tahoe 28. I'm stood on 24. See you on a damrack. See you on that damrack. Las Vegas 22. In fact, that's what got a forrelant rule of turvels that damrack he kept talking about. Las Vegas 22 San Francisco 14. Rome has got only 11. I can't believe that. Mamma Mia. How come we don't have more than 11 for Roma? Bahamas 6. And maybe it's all that pollution. That might be it. All that pollution brutal traffic. Things like that. If you ever went there, you'd say I don't really want to leave quite frankly. I'm telling you right now, you wouldn't want to leave. Alright. Bye. And door a five. Sounds brick and ed kids got that one guy he wants to go there. We'll pack him a salami sandwich. No votes yet for Prague for Bangkok for Stockholm Sweden or the mountains in North Carolina. Out of 162. And if they don't like the pool, tough I tea. That's what I say. I like the pool. Especially during the summertime people are thinking about taking vacations. It's like a little pubic service here in Austria charge. Come up with some good ideas of where to go and enjoy yourself. Have a great time. Forget about all these stories and life. Forget about all those bush stuff and carry soft and all these in that politicians. And about the way there is. Just flashing your money down the toilet. Like it's coming out of a faucet somewhere. Forget about those things. Just to have a great time. Go let the Greg Reheal. Take care. 12 minutes after 11 at 5. 16 WDQM. It's summertime. Like I said a few moments ago. The days are getting longer. Night's are getting shorter. Which means it's so important for you to get a good night's sleep. If you're not sleeping as well as you could. Call dial a mattress today at 1-800 Mac. That's the way to solve that problem. Minions of smart people and yours truly. It is well. Have dialed 1-800 in a TTRES. For the lowest prices on the best brands in betting. The easiest possible way to buy you a name brand mattress. Save time. Save money. Improve your productivity. And bring you disposition. 2. The best price is right number one in the world. In customer satisfaction. They were winners of the 2004 Better Business Bureau. Local Torx Excellence Award. When you call 1-800 Mac. You should get the best prices on the best brands with liver on your schedule. You should still get to pick that 2-R window when you want them to show up and they actually do. And to give you the best customer service in the business. Dial on Mac. Tristan's got the complete line of the top names. They got them all. Whatever you like they got it. Seely, Sir King Coil. Simmons, temper, pedic, students and foster. From Kindle to Stewart, Palm Beach to Ford Myers. Dial on Mac. Chris can and will deliver right to your door. The fines bidding around. And take away the crappy old vetting this up the brand new one. And you'll be sleeping like a baby for years to come. Everybody at 2-R. It's called 1-800-Metras for our beds. You ought to be doing the same. You can log on to their website. Mac. Mac. It's called right now. They'll be there in no time at all. 1-800-Metras. 1-800-MATTR-ES. 2-R-E-S. 2-R-E-S. 2-S-4-T-L-I-S-T-L-A-M. 2-A-M. Now, 2 years later and say it took me a little while. I'm a little slow learner, but Neil, I apologize. Oh! Oh! You are the truth. Oh, what did you find out? I called him. I'm not the one-brain of the day. I'm a little bit a little bit a little bit a little bit a little bit. I'm going to call him to my ass. I'm going to call him to my ass. Oh, God! Hey, wait for me. I don't even know how you have children. They're above. Hello. I want your take on J.P.B. Oh, J.P.B. Is it great, God of I? Can I go to you? I like J.P.B. Well, not the legend. He's got extraordinarily smooth but toxic. Oh, yeah! He's going to be careful, what you say here. Oh, J.P.B. Oh, no, wait a minute. Don't go. I have nothing else to say. Oh, my goodness. How's the way the down there in the mirror, Mark? I'm right down the street from you. Oh, yeah. Oh, I know. Oh, I know. I have to go. I told you what. I'll hold you over the break. How's that, man? I'll give you one of my old dentisia. How's that? I'm not waiting to. That was the only call that we had. The savings on your nose is growing again. They're going to go away. They're going to go away. They're going to go away. They're going to go away. They're going to go away. They're going to go away. They're going to go away. Wow! You got to think with the say. I'm going to go, say I'm going to face. And around those golden mimpos. You're going to go away. Wow! And you're going to look at the miracle. I don't see a road map of Yipsalinity. I don't see Yipsalinity. I'm going to die. I die. I die. I know, scrolls won't stop this steam. Almost every day I die. And my veins really start to tickle. My eye to no end. I'm going to go away. Yeah, I'm going to fall on the back. And I'm going to fall on the back. And I'm going to go back. With people's veins. And you're going to have to fly. And you're going to have to be. And say you can't help this that will be. I know that will be. I will die. Well, don't overdo. Go away. I'm going to fly. I apologize to Volka because I always step on the list. And then that's best part. 11. 19. I guess Derek Higgian did two good of a broadmein and interviewed with Michael Moren, Let's see in ahead quarters get Michael Medved on there right away Echmer a movie critic baby just another right wing fanatic a lunatic right winger a k a movie Critic and actually he's under just Trashing and Trashing and Trashing and there it doesn't have a point of view and it's not this and but it'd be but about great Just keep talking about it. Okay, every time they talk about another hundred thousand people are gonna go see it right Michael of Medved my ass Here's a fact that says put me down to the twin lakes cities of Manitawak and two rivers I hear that the Clinton books not selling big a man to walk Great places on a great lake also you can live on a like a king salmon on about 30 grand That would look really good right now. He says by the way Let's thank W for the economic recovery. It's giving me all the time in the world of sin in the in fact Just a meal good like your tally sounds like you'll need it go see the movie. Maybe somebody a paper you took it 560 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line and you talk about Unequal time this guy's been on here for like about 500 minutes already is Michael Medved but Bob Bob Bob Bob I just a look at it makes me want a bar God so many right wingers and sold a little time Let's see oh this is cute. I live in what is this power All paradise book a cheetah with mo and there you go. Oh, it will pay this paradise That's it for a need funny. Okay. Leave more law my good close friend. Oh, no, no, no, no Here's one it says from Jason and mine. We like stuff about Monte Carlo Hey, not bad Jason. That sounds like a winner to me right? Monte Carlo never been there don't have enough money to be going here. You gonna have the big bucks the Cuban calculus from mother Jones dot com I like this article I'll presace some hope In the 2000 presidential election Q but X,000 flow to favor George W Voshover Algor by more than 250,000 votes at a ratio about four to one Considering only 537 votes supposedly decided the election Taw horses got reason to be grateful to Florida's Cuban Americans but Four years later the Cuban vote is not a solidly behind him Good morning, but as Ron for nea of the associated press reported earlier this month South Florida's Cuban American community of about 600,000 is divided over the Bushman-estations policies with some hardline agehouse complaining that pushes failed to take a tougher stance against Castro A younger generation of Cubans who were born in the US are raised here most of their lives are more likely to support engagement with Cuba They're not knee jerk Republicans like their parents. Thank God. Thank you God And it appears Bush might further divide that Cuban American community with the new series of new restrictions that take effect at the end of June While exiles concurrently visit relatives in Cuba once a year the new rules limit visits to once every three years and Capp the trips at 14 days There will only be a lot of visit immediate family members as opposed to cousins or uncles and they can spend only fifty dollars a day in Cuba instead they Core and hundred and sixty seven dollar threshold This sounds like fascism to me like they're looking over your shoulder to count how much money you're spending and how long you can be there boy Also the rules limit what items Cuban Americans can send back to the island packages can no longer include clothing Veterinary medicine So even a pets have to suffer because of this saloonetic soap making equipment seeds are personal hygiene items I wonder what kind of seeds those might be Money can only be sent immediate family members Bush's policies come after we appointed a panel to consider tighter sanctions against Castro's leadership in Cuba Which has been subject to estuade a trading bargo in since 1962 and you can see how well it's working of course The idea was to strengthen Cuban Americans support for the present But as Joe R.C. of the politically powerful Cuban American national foundation the C.A. and F. told New York Times The move will instead anger less hardline exiles You can't send underwear soap who wrote this it almost seems like something someone right to make the policy look absurd I don't know if we're standing on a strong moral ground here. We said someone who's been as pro family as Bush should not be affecting family relationships between exiles and Cubans on the islands Maria Arale Cuban American at a Republican told what is the new rules were enough to make her switch her vote November 2nd How can you tell a person that because they left the child apparently I'm the can't go and visit them how in who main can you be she's going for carry If the Cuban vote does split that could have dire consequences for Bush and a closely divided Florida that has two more electoral votes than last time around Oh right, I'll be so easy to steal at this time. W. Chad as a Catherine Man as when you're finnicked wrote in the marked New Yorker there is a generational split among exiles when it comes to their stance on taking a hardline against Castro For many years polls have shown that exiles had a two-third Castro becoming more moderate The usual explanation is that the American board children the first generation of exiles known as Los historic coast as opposed to loss hystericals Our less bitter than their parents and our assimilating in fact though a startlingly high percentage Beyond Cuban Americans more than any other age group say they would like to see an American military invasion of the island Final grand polling show that it isn't the children of Los history of the coast who would prefer policy of reconciliation Who would like for instance to see the trade embargo relaxed to repeal it is rather more recent arrivals from Cuba It was Cubans as any fishaper would say it was Cubans kill and she'd be pounding on the table and screaming like a wild banshee I think she's dead and Otaam is If Bush was counting and by the way last time I saw Tom shaper to hockey game If Bush was counting on wooing those younger voters with his new travel and trade restrictions The obvious problem is that more recent arrivals are not US citizens and therefore in El Zubaldavot Also a stint again points out to try to keep American voting didn't emerge until the Reagan years in 1979 10% more exiles identified as Democrats and Republicans but only a quarter of Cuban American voters were registered Democrats by 1988 the exile community lost exileos like most Hispanic voters still generally side with Democrats on social issues So any distribution with Bush's foreign policy for lots of opportunity for John Kerry to win them back as And Louise Bardack argued in slate month before Bush announced his travel restrictions the gift Kerry the issue he needs provided he's willing to use it This would be a boon for John Kerry a boon in the ballot box I guess she means a boon for John Kerry who could review Bush for starving and dividing Cuban families That is if Kerry can finally offer a coherent consistent and ultimately more popular policy on Cuba than Bush Wouldn't that be great if if Kerry can offer a coherent consistent and ultimately more popular policy on anything than Bush Like on Iraq like on Cuba like I've just about anything besides healthcare Wouldn't that be wonderful but not be a breath of fresh air. That'd be something yeah, we're waiting Man too much reading How's that pull coming 567 0560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line If you have tons of cat look at a pedal Brian again He called it tough love for Sean Robin why aren't people talking about paddle Brian? This is God. This is another sports nerd guy What did he used to be on Josh used to be on like ESPN or something right paddle Brian yeah, oh, it's before your time before you were born You used to be a sports nerd. I ESPN wasn't the SP on somewhere I don't know and some maybe one of the networks football somebody will fix me and yeah, you didn't know that did you and then all of a sudden when he got all washed up They made him to the anchor of these stupid Whatever these shows are you know, they know the celebrity show entertainment to that over And now he's all over the place and I'm just talking about him every day and he's looking for a new show And there's tinny again with the F or the F bomb drop another one chaney drop another They're not just dropping bombs that are acted dropping bombs in a Senate. How do you like that? In fact, the one in Michael more movie finally hits the screens today at noon or there about so you're gonna be dropping a lot of big bombs in a White House Back in the day we could make some side effects so let's you know what we're talking about. We can't do that no more Yeah, that kind of bomb right in the bowl See old bomb in the bowl you've heard of the boon in the box. It's the old bomb in the bowl If you had tons of cash Where in the world outside of Florida would you live? Talk about your home base your main spot your home address Hawaii is pulling away baby in a good choice 67 late Tahoe 33 Vegas 31. I'm stood on 26. Role, my 16 San Francisco 16 the mountains Carolina 10 Gonna have a lot of company up there George and door 7 Bahamas 7 South America. It's got a pair now stuck on Sweden 2 Provis got one Bangkok's got one man it to walk Scott one and money Carlos got one out 226 vote Maybe there's somebody win the lottery Maybe I win a lot of this week. I think I'm just gonna go like we need to use the same just gonna go ahead and win that thing this week up here for about 10 million I'm just gonna go ahead and win it and then we'll have to cancel your vacation next week 27 past a lot of quite frankly. I don't care who they put on cuz I win the 10 million what a wacky right? They put the Gueldi on sounds good. Yeah, Gueldi on the Elijah show and you people can just call up and abuse that child for four hours Would the heat of the summer here right now? Now's a great time to get out of that old sloppy jelope you've been driving and getting to win the great new Toyota from Armstrong Toyota homestead there on US 1 20 minutes out of the 36. It's well worth the drive from anywhere's because our friends are gonna save you thousands on great new Toyota With rising gas prices maybe you'd like a car with more fuel economy and the legendary Toyota Corolla can be yours for just 11 990 or Lisa right now for just 209 a month need a great Toyota for that college or high school of graduate How about the Toyota Echo at least price it just 199 need a truck to V6 to a 10-year regular cam can be yours for just 239 a month And if you're looking to the hottest new cars around be sure and check out the Corolla XRS and solar convertible now in stock at Armstrong Toyota of homestead these folks with a first dealers near either off your feet tires and batteries for life And they're gonna even top that now that the first to offer your free replacement parts for life You heard correct tires batteries and feet parts for life. Nobody know where does that accept our friends at Armstrong Toyota homestead so say goodbye to those mega dealers with screaming shouting and always let you down See David Rich he's the GM at Armstrong Toyota homestead for an unbeatable deal Drive a little and save a ton no matter where you live on that great new Toyota only at Armstrong Toyota of Homestead Ok Your sports only affects the easy to sell Your go back to Canada you reason As fro girl We just can't use ya, you've been around with too long Castro, you are cleapasta, too long you've lasted The Bay of Pigs should have worked, fit there, you make me sick Get out of Cuba quick, you are so God damn rich, you and me go son of a bitch This fall we know you liked, are you behind the striker? Where's your 6th D3? Did you kill Kennedy? More than, more than, more than, more than, more than, more than More than, more than, more than, more than, more than, more than, more than If you're done now and free your nation, are you into mass devastation We live the embargo Cuba will become another killago USA USA We're turning all the wraps and most away Losit Yes, the Ogre Tata Cuba, we just can't use You've been around way too long Hey! As though you ugly past And along you last The pay up teacher that works I'm party You see? You're not a few but quick You are so goddamn rich You're a mego son of a bitch There's following your life Are you behind the strike? Where were you in 63? Did you kill John Kennedy? Yes! Water! Water! Water! That's now in the United Nations Are you in the United Nations? If you believe the embargo Cuba will become another killago You will say You will say You will know grab some bottle You will say You will say Oh, great! That's not America, maybe he had a dump that twice Because he said the GD thing in there twice That is so pathetic man And of course this show is what a bunch of nervous Papa Janko looks like we got We got the what's the name again over there in Naples? Choice? Choice? Choice? We got a choice over there We know a radio of somebody stuck on upper ass And she's making decisions about what we can say What we can say Uh, what up? Fuck damn much of crap that is Head of dump that twice How do you like that? Yeah Did you? Yeah we all did We all had our finger on it Yeah we had our finger on it Choice? How do you like that? Can I say that? No. Here's a fact that says is it any wonder That movie co won't show Fahrenheit 9 Love it, look at the wounds of the company Just thought you might like like no says Docking for it, Latterdale And I'm sure there's another page Oh, here it is Yeah, I don't get it, it looks good It's an Arabic looking name Maybe is that what they're trying to say? Hamid? Hashimi? Well why I don't understand Why wouldn't they want us to say it? I think the facts are of this Unless maybe it's some Saudis Maybe there's Saudis Maybe the Saudis are on the aborted Directors of movie co-authitors Don't show the interest in the final Yeah, let's take a few can of that And also a guy named Michael Melvin Which I never trust anybody with two first names Like Ted David, Michael Melvin Michael Medved People like that Well thanks a lot, dude I didn't like that We were twice we had a dub that bit Which we've been playing for a few years now About third man What a sad sad sad time in America Very sad, very pathetic Here's a good article, though, by William Rivers Pit, one of my favorites In truth out He says, thank you Michael more It's pretty long But I'm just sorry part of it It's it's just too long See, the screens in Bartlett Chad and Nougat, in fact I hope that this fight is Listener, we have close stick it right up to the Year-Ear, okay, in the radio too sweet art Screens in Bartlett, Chad and Nougat Jackson, Knoxville and Memphis, Tennessee will be showing it Screens in late and then west your new tall be showing it If you find yourself in Leewood, Mary, and Shawnee Or Wichita, Kansas, you can see it The same goes for a set of ill fair facts in Abington, Virginia If you happen to be accurate in a vexly, Dublin or Elirio, Ohio, you're all set Hoover, Montgomery, and Mobile, Alabama won't be left out Laramie Wyoming, it's there Boseman, Montana, indeed Should you call home Grand Island, Lincoln or Omaha, Nebraska You haven't been forgotten The largest mall in the country, the Mall of American, Bumitin, Minnesota, will have it in its theater If you're a soldier, a campless uniform, brag about the bishop to erect, you can see it in nearby Fayetteville, North Carolina These towns large and small along with towns large and small From sea to shining sea and straight through the American Heartland will begin screening Michael Moore's documentary Ferrin, height 9 11 beginning at 12.01 Friday morning In other words last night, the 25th of June For the majority of people will see this movie in these towns large And small, the experience will be nothing sure to be mined Bomb Una Bomba The who once sang about how the hypnotized never lie But as we've seen people up and ties by television and deliberately enforced fear can never Concerning support a war in a president, which are fundamentally the odds with basic American decency. In fact, people up and ties by television and dubious force fear will feed themselves into the meat grinder with God bless America on their lips. Michael Moore's film will snap that Hinoith hypnosis but good. Those Americans who believe what their president told them because they saw it on the TV, will after less than two hours in their local theater look at both their television and their president without unloading when they walked from the darkness into the bright light of day. There are millions of Americans who believe what they were told about 9-11 about Iraq, about Georgia, W.S. and so will come into that bright light with a realization that they've been lied to. Dave and lie to. Oh my God. Speaking personally, none of the data in the film surprised me, having spent every day of the last three years working to espouse as many Americans as possible of the truth of the man they call president, Mr. Moore was unlikely to explode and he shows across my bow. The actions between Bush, the Saudis and Carl Al group in the 9-11 attacks were there. The actions between Cheney and Halibut and were there. The connections between Enron, New York, and natural gas pipelines are one Afghanistan and little-known country called Turkmenistan were there. I enjoyed the fact that Moore showed off undredacted copies of Bush's Military Service record allowing us to see the parts of those documents which had been blacked out. I found no fact, no assertion this film to question or doubt. I've done my homework and was made painfully clear, Michael Moore did his too. First Americans don't know about this stuff and seeing it fully documented and meticulously researched on the big screen will be to say, at the very least, revelatory. The end of Virginia there are billions of dollars to be made off his war for Iraq war for Bush's friends. The second door on the left is the recruiting office. Sign on the line that is dotted and be the first yet a new block to die for the benefit of Carl Al stock options. Be sure to save your pennies beforehand, however, because the army will dock your pay for the days you're dead. It's policy you see. Mr. Moore put two daggers in a me with this film the first to which had to do with the American soldiers. Trooper after Trooper spoke frankly for Moore's camera, condemning both the war and the people who trust him into it. Several scenes graphically explain what happens to a soldier's body when it's caught in an explosion. The result is ruinous and the cries of the wounded and the dying will ring in my ears forever. I'm going to read the entire article. I'll do the break. Alright. It's just too good to like a pass over as they say. And whoa, this is for 205-60. You and who they have. Now this isn't extreme makeover. He looks like Harry Grant. We are I. Makeover. This is phenomenal. Stephen Hawking. Hello. I am Stephen. It's queer I for the genius guy. This look is frightening. Help me look handsome. He is officially a nervous wreck. He got a lot of things are right and a lot of things are wrong. All the wrong things block the right thing. Let's do it. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Can't much more hands than you look already. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Alright, let's have a little coming out for you. Come on out and show up for you guys. Little bit of tin for us. Would you? Oh look at you. Alright. Fantastic. I feel stupid. He looks like a movie star. I don't like this pink dress. We're I for the genius guy. He looks amazing. It's good. High five. You're my mom. You're full now. My three two two. This is freaking out. I'm 45 at 5. 60 WQM. I'll see somebody says if I had tons of loonies and tunies, I'd move to Vancouver. Okay. I have to go to a choice from what I hear. I never been here but it's beautiful. Here's nothing but good. Now this is your writing. So you must know something about this. Bad news for the audience. I've got some very bad news. The noon to two. Verizon appearance at the big with the big. Is canceled. Now is there any reason for that? Oh, they found out who was going to be there. Oh, the big. Oh, maybe they heard me say how boring you was. That's stores closed. I'm big you're pardon? The agency arranges these things. Don't you know, one is a big company like Verizon. Yeah. And that story is that they scheduled an appearance at a store that doesn't exist anymore. All right. Oh, this is shades of one. I do use this in Phil Hungry out and other people to be. Remember to the. Sure. Yeah. The convention center for some big convention. And of course it was. It would be like two hours before it was open and it was anybody there. And they'd be sitting in a big empty building. Although the echo was always good though. Anyway, getting back to the start of my William. William was pit. Okay. The most wrenching scenes in the film. We're talking about fair and high nine eleven by the way, which is in a theater fairly close by you today. And don't be belly aching because the night right next door. He says the most wrenching scenes in the film center around a woman named Lila who loves her country. Love your flag and above all loves her children whom she actively persuaded to join the arm services. We learned that Lila has a son in Iraq and because of that, she despises those protesting the invasion. We find out later that his son was killed in Carbel on April 2nd when his blackhawk helicopter was shot down. We watch her leader sons last letter home in which he rages against Bush and the war. We last see Lila standing at the gates of the White House tears boiling from her eyes as she discovers her true enemy. The one who took her baby from her. The other dagger more put into me came during his montage of the media coverage of the war. Journalist after journalist is shown raps ofizing Bush his administration in the war. Each and every one of them carried forth that which we now know to be bald faced lies that Iraq had WMDs that Iraq was a threat that we had to go that everything is fine. Or we're fine. It was a slideshow of the nonsense Americans have been spoon fed for far too long. If you doubt this, Sydney Blumenthal's aggressive and affectual actual journalism has found in most his most recent report titled Reality's Unraveling for Bush should help you along. Most of the media was on the bandwagon of intimidated by Splomenthal, Cheney himself called a president of the corporation that owned one of the never to complain about an air and commentator. Political aides directed by Carl Roe, Ceaselessly called editors and produces with veiled threats about access that was not granted in any case. The press wouldn't bite the hand that wouldn't feed it. With a single stroke, Michael Morris undone three years of poor slight advice, factually be reft compromised television journalism. This in the end is the final greatness of Fahrenheit 911, not only will Americans get a sense of the depth of the section they've endured, but journalists and its quotes all across the country will be forced to endure the humiliation they so which they deserve. I was privileged to see this come in the company of three groups, military family speak out, September 11 families for peaceful tomorrow's and veterans for peace, which have stood against this disaster for war from day one. In the theater had family in a rack or had lost family in a rack or had lost family on 911 and seen their beloved dead youth as an excuse for an unordered war and there wasn't a dry eye in the house. Fair and high 911 is not a victory for anyone, we the people should have known better, we the people should have been given the facts before sending 851 of our children to die, we the people have been betrayed by our leaders by a media that profited and profits still from the daily sell of lies, this film drove that hard fact home with a mallet and it hurt. I was reminded as I filed out with this company of heroes of a portion of Shakespeare's rendition of Henry speech before Agon Court. He that outlives this day and comes safe home will stand a tiptoe when this day is named and rouse him at the name of Chrisbian. He that shall live this day in seaw old age, will yearly on the vigil feast his neighbors and say tomorrow is Saint Chrisbian. Then will he's strippistly even show his scars and say these wounds I had on Chrisbian's day. Many of us were not hypnotized, millions of us took to the streets in this company around the world to try and stop this madness before it was unleashed. The people in that theater with me had done this, they had never stopped doing this though their president and their media named them traitor. They were right, they were right. Michael Moore is unleashed a wolf within Mr. Bush's fences, there is no getting around it, perhaps now that it's far too late we as a nation will wake up. On the day of that awakening those of us who never stopped standing never stopped marching learned to live without sleep learned to live in a nation that's scorn truth for televised fantasy those patriots I was with tonight in that theater can pause for breath. We can sit upon the grass on a bright day strip our sleeves and show our scars. We're waiting for his pit. So I think might be worth going to see. You think? And the thing about the media man that that's so getting at least attention but he's got to stomach on it. Because none of this could have ever happened without the willing and enthusiastic cooperation of the media of the grave robbers. And of course a little intimidation long await doesn't you know it doesn't hurt in helping to ensure that cooperation. If you had tons of cash we're in the world except Florida would you live that's our pull quite today what would be your home base Hawaii man's not quite enough there already. 85 say Hawaii overwhelming out of the first noted 91 votes pretty weak on a vote but they don't like this poll too bad. Lake Tahoe 37 Vegas 34. I'm sure I'm as god by 30 man San Francisco 24. All my 18 mountains in North Carolina 17 money carlo 12. Bahamas have got nine and I can't figure that one out. Southbrook and I get all we got that there's our crank photo today nine. And door eight stuck on the Sweden 4 Bangkok one man to walk one. And that who was got one a. If you got one five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon Warbus line WQA and hello. Let me have a good meal speaking. Hey how are you doing great. Hey listen those two guys from move a coat. I found them online you know you can check the contributors to the campaigns right. And I was going through that yesterday and those two Iranians came up their big bush supporters. Uh huh. So that may explain. So another resistive coincidence that movie coven not be showing for height 9 11 not really right. Okay so we'll go somewhere else exactly and that we won't be going back there anytime soon. Not me thanks for the good news. Okay. Just say goodbye to movie co theaters okay they give a you know that thing I read yesterday. Bye bye bye for them say no to movie co. Yeah just say oh movie co very good I like that. Got a feed to it. You can dance to I get four stars right. Oh don't let me forget to get to cheesy you know it's almost noon all right. Now I can any my good stuff from the inquired dang it. I better do this one right now. Well let me take another call or two and I will get to it. WQA and hello. I'm the all right how you doing pretty good. I sure the movie last night is anybody called in yet I just got a my own last night. Yeah I see that the advanced screening. Okay and have a tour of 250 people. The last half was better than the first half because the first half was a rehash. But it's extremely you know very funny moments the last half is just with that lady lila is just. It's just too tragic I mean. Anybody who would I mean I when they first went in for the war thought it was a good idea not because I was full. But we had a show something after 9.11 that we won't sit down. Yeah we had to go beat somebody up right right but but the planning of the second half is ridiculous. I haven't planned the war real well. And I think anybody who supports that I still don't understand what you're saying. We had to I mean you can't be serious when you say that we had to do something against people that had nothing to do with it. But if we got right out right away and let's try and govern himself. I mean we've screwed it up by not. Well what does that have to do with 9.11 whether they govern themselves or not what does that have to do with it. We are right there is no link there. Okay thank you. That's sad. That's just for that if you went to saw them when he's still spouting in entities. Then that makes me want to cry. I'll get you to tell. No no seriously we had to do something. I thought what we did in that Afghanistan with the Taliban. And I thought that's what we're supposed to be doing is fighting the real terrorists and the people who like Propta Bosama and give them. Eden comforted, etc. And so on. Let's follow through with that too by the way. What do you mean with that Afghanistan? Oh yeah we're really doing a hell of a job there. Oh we're fine. Well we got that guy from Chevron and they're running the joints so he ought to be okay. Just like this guy we got to temporary guy in Iraq who come to find out is just another pimple from CIA buddy. Wow it's just I just there just is not any hope. And again this guy is just rationalizing his own ignorance and his own weakness in the beginning. Because he just got sucked in just like most everybody else just like most of the ignorant rameses out there. Oh we got to go get some of it. And as far as this business of our creating democracy since since since when was that our role or any other countries role to be running around a world in vending new governments form nation building. Which of course is what this president promised us he was never going to do. See when it didn't work the first time with the WMDs that turned out to be bogus. Then it didn't turn out to be true with the relations between al Qaeda and uh, Saudi model to keep trying to bring that one back and it keeps falling on its hands. So we had to come up with something. So now it's operation Iraqi freedom and doodafly there was CNN with a big banner on the screen. There was MSNBC and of course box with a big banner on the screen. Operation Iraqi freedom both this big great were democratizing the Middle East even if they don't want to be. We're sending democracy there. Right. What do we know about it? Holy crap. While we're taking away your ability to hear what you want to hear and see what you want to see. I'm I'm surprised they haven't banned this movie. I'm your idea if they if they if they tried. What about one of the story and I guarantee if they could have found some way to do it they would have done it equal time. It's a political message they wanted equal to. No and that thing by the way, I didn't the FEC wouldn't hear that yesterday. That's the good news. I almost forgot about that. The federal elections commission said now we're not going to get involved with that. So they can advertise it as long as they want. But it's just it's just lazy week. I mean, how is it possible to be the well, you know, something what what am I talking about look at the religious thing look at religion. Right. Talk about week sure they brainwash you with a bunch of patley, uh, phony man made crap. Right. And they overbumb me and then all of the stuff with a child abuse they the, uh, pedophile, preaching everything and it just rubs off their back like a duck's back. It's just amazing to me. Oh, that was just a nothing. Let me just say this to you. Okay. Very little can penetrate a brainwash skull or an empty skull if you don't believe me. Just look at Greg read. My life and love this is for 205. It's the king. I like to relax by having Mary Magna when the size of my balls while listening to the neurotic is what the one hour. Hey. Some little Easter world will be exploded to dominate people killed with the cast that we sold him. First time a gresser nation and the only one that's going now more blood will be spilled to get that oil flowing. Forget about Korea and the nooks they're toasting and the right queen is drilling it over and over it. To our hip that a rag has some weapons of justice structure. 3000 people killed. Our now forgotten. Let's exploit him instead. Hey, there's oil to be causes going after sedan to play Kato summa. There's no longer mention of the name in law. But no enceived concern. A fee and complacent believe in every word of this cartel administration that controls us by fear through the E. And amplification and the right wing is drilling it over and over and to our heads, and I rag it up. Whoever Spaces of Mastester Racist Gun will go took poison over her nail. The loss of civil rights is the price that were paid We're all suspects now not the ash crop this season I have nothing to hide Table partners all are saying I know BD and cattle don't have any reservation That would provoke Babylon World annihilation Old regime must fall And have a virgin and stalled With no objection at all Till the crackstone have the fall and the right wing Is drilling it over your ruler Into a parade washed in I rack had some With me the fastest structure All right done Only a drag had some With me the fastest structure Well, that wouldn't have worked well as make up some other crap, okay? Simon Jim and Key Largo didn't understand our pull question today And that's why we don't have as many posts because I'm sure we'd have a couple maybe 300 more posts Maybe 400 for people would say if I had all the money in the world That's still be her and floor right dog. That's what he says He'd live right where he said a key Largo I guess what good luck you diamond Jim. I'm happy to hear your happy But that don't count. That's not the pull question right doesn't it say outside of Florida? Yeah, you're that pick it No Maybe somebody's people have never been outside of floor right dog But anyway Here's some sick news for you Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger wants to repeat a state law in California that requires animal shelters the whole stray dogs and cats For up to 60s before killing them He wants to terminate them Instead there would be a three-day requirement for strays other animals including birds handsters Pop-bellied pigs, rabbits, snakes, turtles, maybe even jurples could be killed immediately May I see you and he done Schwarzenegger was told a state legislator that the changes could save local governments that operate shelters up to 14 million dollars And estimated 600,000 dogs in cats have put to that teacher in California including 34,000 L.A. alone Because of space limitations the shelters of being forced to use the animals who are otherwise highly adoptable immediately after the holding time They said despite Schwarzenegger's huge popularity some political observers think and proposal meet stifresistants There is no organized constituency of cats and dogs but certainly the pet owners of America will find this Reprohensible said Barbroke Connor director the Institute for the Study of Politics and Media at the California State University Sacramento Cats and dogs are like mom and apple pies she said don't mess with pets both people prefer them to other people and she is Man yeah I think one thing dogs don't start any wars nope Doors dogs are running an environment maybe a little mess in your carpet or in the backyard But maybe dogs of war that I kept heard about Clinton caught cheating again. How do you like that? Oh my god secret trips to lovers. How do I to bring more heartbreak for Hillary says the national inquire of this week's issue the What's the date? Where's the date guys? Why do they just quit put oh July 5 my mother's birthday well, how do you like that aren't you impressed? Oh, yeah, let me forget to send my mother a birthday card But it reminded me why because huh? Hey, don't forget. Okay The inquire was uncovered a shocking secret about Bill Clinton that you will not read in that new autobiography The ex president is currently cheating on Hillary with a super rich divorce say oh my god say it again Clinton has fallen hard for a secret lover and sources say that if he were ever to leave Hillary would be to marry his new love You go boy The inquire is investigated they behind the scenes scandal for more than a year, but it's not naming the woman ordered a protector privacy But we can reveal that she's well, that's interesting because they're naming him, but they're not naming the woman We can reveal that she's in her early forties in the daughter of a wealthy businessman and Clinton supporter She's a beautiful blonde with several young children who pocketed millions when she and her husband divorced years ago And she lives in a private hideaway in Westchester County, New York and her address is I'm sorry I mean did they give us enough clues there? Yeah, I can find it. Okay Bill Clinton has been sneaking off to the home of this woman for late night trists after her kids have gone a bit and started totally inquire The affair began more than a year ago after Hillary became a senator and began spending her week sleeping in Washington He was lonely Then this woman came into the picture bill of known her family for many years. She lived with a kids and a mansion in the same county as Clinton One thing led to another bill began going over to her mansion their friendship turned to more and Bill really fell for this woman Well, what do you want the guys married to a ice princess bold like he's got to get it from somebody, right? Right, only gully it can about what do you eat for lunch now free Tony? Thank you Brad thanks Brad and Tony's yet to best 202 whatever it is What is it? 93rd and got 441 like I said not too far from us from you a Neighbor in Westchester to throw the inquire of the two are inseparable when the opportunity arises kind of like Julian and Eve on passions Sneaking into each other's homes late at night when Hillary's and Washington and her children are left attended by an all-perre He's probably checking her pair while she's squeezing his pair anyway Swars has been Clinton a so serious about the relationship that I like his previous things This is the only woman who considered dumping Hillary to be with full-time a real woman But when word of the affair got back to the woman's family. They were furious protest inside source to scost they didn't want her disgrace like Monica Lewinsky She was warned that any relationship with Clinton had the potential to be poisoned But bills time together with the woman who came seriously began talking in terms of turning their affair into something more permanent Said another source those closest to Bill think he's lost his mind But he says he's met a woman who makes him fear the young in a live again and if you saw the picture of Hillary on here And haha, oh man, she looks like my thuslaw not a bad day. She got more wrinkles than fat boys ass Hillary is once again victimized by bills in fidelity Hillary was utterly disgusted by the Winsky scandal many people closer pointed how she's put up with bills chronic Flandering all these years He's thrown books and ash trays that amount furious fights with bill over his relationships with Jennifer Flowers Kathleen Willi Paula Jones and host of others. He's had lovers all over the world in Europe in South America now right on Hillary's on doorstep in New York All right, you go Bill for you You make sure you got it's getting some an ulcerary happy camper Right, oh my mask in Iran guys Limba divorce I don't want to let go through all these things, but if I forget plus there's no calls in there anyway right now They hate that poll today and it's cuz they're all happy right where they are. That's fine. You know they're all We're fine happy for you. Why would you want to go any place else you might actually ruin something you might discover that there's some really great places in the world But that's okay Limba divorce could signal fall of his empire top a couple more rush boy Talk show host fears the feds are leaning on his wife or in order to do to him what they did to Martha's stored Wouldn't that be sweet? Sweet Rush Limba offers the breakup of his marriage is likely to break up his talk show empire may even put him behind bars Oh, man Wouldn't we kiss the ground on that day huh? God have a party Pilpop and phony hypocritical love how many divorces is it now? But third man man That's the shocking disclosure of an investigator close to the probe of the conservative commentators drug problems The inquiries learned from a justice department, Sorthat Limba was a strange wife, Martha has been talking Members of the multi-agency task force probing allegations that the radio talk show host dupped doctors in a giving him overlapping prescriptions of addictive pain killers The task force includes investigators from the IRS and the FBI as well a state and local police agencies in Florida Rush fears the feds are leaning on his wife in order to do to him what they did to Martha's store It's at a source familiar with the radio host Martha's lost millions of dollars many of the outlets to her fans Rush's worried the same thing's gonna happen to him. That's why he's fighting this case every step of the way The inquire reported in the world exclusive story last October that Limba'll 53 had been Serious secretly banning an addiction in our colleagues and his former housekeeper had illegally supplied him with thousands of pink killers Costing hundreds of thousand dollars over period more than four years What's more a heavily addictive limbo had to be detoxified twice once coming Paralyzed they close to death according to his drug dealer will McCline good old Wilma He's not been charged with any crime and his attorneys are arguing that prosecutors illegally seized his medical records Now his future and the future of his 600 plus radio outlets in 20 million listeners rise on his ability to keep those medical records at a court While in the throws of addiction Limba'll desperately try to hide his habit from his wife Martha the two way to 1994 was the third marriage for both last month Martha answer has been forward divorced as two weeks after their wedding anniversary and Several months after Limba'll complete a stain and doorway. We have facility according to a family friend Martha just couldn't take the lies Rush deceived her so much said the friend Limba'll made this surprise announcement of the split on his radio show June 11 He claimed the decision was mutable on the split would be amicable his spokesman Tony Nights at the couple is separated However, the family friend claims neither Rush nor Martha's moved out of this sprawling 24 million dollar ocean from mansion and Palm Beach of which there's a picture here at a bottom-let-end corner of the Sardacle and you would just what your pants you would be salivated. Yeah, that's it. Oh, man. Not to make you sick Limba has repeatedly battled back against the negative publicity the case is generated with long tedious explanations of his behavior in his radio show Must have been that bad back up. Not couple more And let's put all the other drug Pedlers and dealers and doors in jail, but you're okay Rush because you sing the right tune He's also forked on big bucks for full page newspaper ads attacking prosecutors and reporters were engaging what he calls a Politically motivated investigation Limba told his list and he developed his edition five years ago after doctors to serve camp a painkillers After a spinal surgery Unfortunately the surgery was unsuccessful. I continued to have severe pain in my lower back and also my neck Due to herniated dissident, Limba I'm still experiencing that pain and speaking of pain this story here just makes me about a gag off a lot of gagging to doing so little time, you know it. I'm gonna invoke a gag rule On a show when it out gag it out how he would madam has the hospital in law For Mahalai would madam Heidi flies as a crush on Rush Heidi 38 told the inquire and an exclusive interview of course that Rush Limba is the perfect man for her and she's hoping of give her a chance Now these getting to avoid perfect. Oh my god. She said I've wondered that man for so long Explain them excited Heidi Rush is my dream man for many reasons, but first of all I've always been a chubby chaser because chubby men try harder to please a woman Rush is also very powerful a self-made man And of course I admire that about him too since I'm the same way I usually am fighting a bunch of purverts And nothing about a woman, but a man like Rush who views me is the antichrist who make the perfect partner for me And I wouldn't be the only one happy Rush will be an extremely happy man too I'd please Rush more than you've ever been pleased before she says not Rush more maybe or maybe she just Mama if she'd like to If Rush and I were together he'd never need pills again said Heidi we're for you to the radio giants recent rehab Heidi also volunteered to sign a prenapped to become the new Mrs Limba I'd change my evil ways and sign any agreements he can think of to protect himself I don't want her need Rush's money because I have my own what did you, huh? I think Rush is fabulous because he's hardworking goes home and minds his own business I'm exactly the same way Heidi says you only proud my seat about politics But we can put that aside when we both get home kind of like what's his name James Carvalon that I'm not just marry mad amagot I don't get that I don't need any probably ain't getting it either Local Hey there and say it took me a little while I'm a little slow learner, but Neil I apologize It's way deal you are the truth Thank you all for coming I have a weird statement and then I would take some questions This past weekend with 15 million Americans lost power It makes one thing perfect here There's one more American who must lose power and that is great day Now are there any questions? Yes, you're the back What does great Davis have to do with our Northeast blackout? That's a very good question I'm glad you are yesterday Next question That is statement not a question Next question Power problem though, problem level All right one more question You want to be governor of California? This is a servant I am a political machine Okay, thank you Now that we're finished with the press conference let's go kill some puppies From 19 at 5.60 WQAM I wish one of these I should probably take some calls, okay? I want to once again because there's so many important stories that I know you're dying to hear right Do one know what's going to be your favorite What about Walmart? Christian Slater blows 10 grand at strip club. I'm talking about the inquiries for her Sheet and hubby's night out And there's his wife Ryan with the slide look on her post 5 670 560 pound 560 on the AT&T line WQAM hello not there Like I said, maybe I'll take a call WQAM hello Neil yes, sir You're absolutely right in alien part three the alien comes out of the Gourney weaver What you thank you see what I've seen you in Excesses part five Richard Burton's head keeps spinning around and around and around you'll see 567.0560 pound 560 on the AT&T and right by the way, it's a Boyle Line nine WQAM hello Yes, sir. Those George Bush and George okay guys doing jokes. WQAM hello Yes, sir. How you doing today great I got one for you the poor little while going to the person we still looking out need Also, yeah, you're telling you Ripper. I think that that you are reaching some telling you do an appool from days ago Is that what you're doing now? I just couldn't get in before. I'm asking this how about out of this paper or plastic? What's your answer to that? I'm still watching with paper myself Let's see key largo is outside of the US the keys to ferroc get out here. Damn get a life and put down the bottle Yeah, that that that that whole thing about the keys and keywashed and all that my drumstounder I just don't understand and which of me buff it that whole deal. I can you explain to me? No, I can't all of me not can explain drinking in debotry I'm not well, here's the schedule for next week. I was gonna read that the silly one at somebody facts in trying to be cute It's cute Let's see for a lot of nail bill and four lot of nails says if a stupid actor can be a governor Then don't you think that an intelligent director Michael more for president? Well, that's what I've been saying all along bill So thanks for being like an echo chamber. Okay. Thank you so much These people are so original here. We got next week's real schedule, but I like the other one This is a fake memo from Greg and Geride all Q amp personnel Some day I'll be Q amp line up effective Monday June 28 6 to 8 a.m. Howard and Goldie 8 to 10 a.m. Joe Rose and Goldie 10 to two Neil and Goldie Two to four mad dog and Goldie 4 to 6 Hank and Goldie 6 to 8 the big and Goldie 8 to 10 at Kaplan and Goldie and 10 p.m. to 6 a.m. the Goldie show That's great all jelly radio all day. It was gonna something do they can be no hockey season We got to find something I told him I said don't get your wife pregnant no go buy a house I want to do he went and bought a house and knocked his wife up not once but twice and Intentionally I'm sure I like some people right? Let's see. Let me take a look what we got we got Mo and Goldie According to this here Howard David Goldie updates Joe Rose and the beast or the beast returns as even go mercy Ben. I know he was in Omaha, but that didn't last too long as he better They occasionally I see They got me and then of course your off next week so we had sack and Josh next week. I make sure we had a lot of food for his Mad dog the Humper looks almost like a real schedule except in fact that George is on vacation next week It looks almost for real in fact what what is that all about? What is that? Tuesday June 29. I mean I realized that this guy's got a better scam. I taught him too well He's got a better scam than I got going the Humper 4 to 5 30 on Tuesday Hank Goldberg 5 30 to 7 Warren Cromarty and in the Marlin pregame show what those analysts about Hank must have a hot day to the massage part or something on Tuesday because look at that He's got an hour and a half show And then Thursday we got any can here so he must be a screw-in-off. No, no, Hank on Friday. He's just a screw-in-off nice going Humper good work I taught my disciples well make no mistake about it Let's say to a kneel and Arnold from Cindy The greatness of a nation and its moral progress can be judged by the way Its animals are treated. That's what Gandhi said the Gandhi mind That's what he said WQA and hello Yes, sir. Hey, we're working to get up a piece of food. You just like a roll-mump We're gonna get one around here. We're gonna make real Italian beef in anger. They don't He's a food yeah The pizza. Well, what's on it is now what makes it a real pizza's that I think it is and cooked in the up and it can't get it there It's almost a monster crust, but it's not monster right can't get it there man I'll see you roll. I'll see you at the pizza. I've on a Piazza, no bonus, sorry This guy's dreaming and don't tell me that place in Hollywood, but that place really really I maybe I just was had a bad day that day. What's that? Let's have a play skull that's on a 441 Rose I don't know what else called but it was awful. It was like burnt burnt to a crisp Can be there trying to give me a message or something you know like look at Brotsie or Joey Zaza And people are calling with that place all the time and I guess if you've never it's like anything else If you only had like a fru if you only had chef boy Rd spaghetti out of a box and a can you say hey That's really the best spaghetti in the world if that's all you ever had right if you only had chef boy Rd we're good Tony out of a out of a can you say why that's the best I ever had? Well, if it's all you ever had right No doubt see what I'm saying sorry. It's open on the pizza pizza It's like saying if you had the only had sex with screw-in and said man, that's the best sex I ever had You didn't have time then it's time for the long dirt nap. I think is what it's time You'll walk out you know 26 past noon at five 60 WQ must take a look at that pole. See how it's coming They don't like this pole too bad if you had tons of cash wearing a world outside Florida where you live Where would you be your headquarters? Hawaii 103 like Tahoe 43 and that was Josh's choice I'm shocked and dismayed that I took that wrong turn and were they maybe they're talking about up there on The lake is that what they're talking about? What are you talking about Josh? No, I went on vacation of there in the winter skiing. Yeah, well, that's on sand on the lake Yeah, it looked like there were a lot of people having a hell of a time Of course, I didn't get too close to the edge of the cliff Now then and there are no barriers. That's the thing that really frosted my ass and part of that mountain road there There's like no barriers anywhere if you go to a real one So could you take a little bit of a oops sorry? Try I buy a nice no one you call that my driveway 143 Vegas 41. I'm just a dime's got 41 Money Carlos got 40 that moved up fast San Francisco's got 31 mountains in 31 straight people mountains in North Carolina 23 Rome has got 22 see what they've got to die like a publica The Bahamas 14 South American tickets are crank vote of the days got 11 and Doris got 11 van cover H stuck on Sweden five van cocktail Manitha walk one and Prague has got a lonely boat How the Clinton spent their first night in Chepac wall I'm gonna I'll get it. Don't worry about it. Go back Tell me I'm coming Over Yes, you are So very nice house and you have very nice legs Welcome to our little town in Chepac why hope your family won't join living here. I think I will The neighborhood is our family recipe for praying up the upside down cake I like it take your pineapple anyway upside down sideways Thank you Mr. President my father Just a lady from next door I said I'll get it just an I'm shut up wait wait There are a lot I can't believe well hello Hello, Mr. Clinton. I'm a land crack game. Keep it voiced out of you the escort I know sir I'm sorry, but Chris gets the look now new you Well, I just wanted to welcome you to the neighborhood Well, the escort's not here yet. If you want to jump on all Charlie All right, well, I'll sleep later. I'll wait Oh No, just another neighbor you make some food Oh, sweet Jesus Days of door bells going crazy. I get it Great Caesar's ghost Hi, baby. It's me. Marlica good god almighty. What do you think of my new bond? What are you doing here? Well, I bought that house next door with my kitty cring money. Oh My god We'll be see a lot of each other in the year 2000 Oh, that's it. Okay, I was reading about white chicks Yeah, what about you? I want to know now I bought the movie, okay? 232 at five sixty double grandma misflugges of course all over our white chicks because it's Anything anti-micro more anything anti-movey but of course he's very objective you understand And I understand it's not doing real big in uh connected either so far You're like this though. Well, our jacca hallic drinks manufacturer in Czechoslovakia And prognolas and like maybe prognocates and more votes on our poll after they hear this a large alcohol Extreme manufacturer in progress launched a marijuana flavored liquor the company said today The drink doesn't contain any THC All the substance in marijuana but does have an alcohol level of 16 percent We produce it from hemp, but there's no THC in it the guy said whether them eerie yonic Adding his receive no complaints from anti drug activists. He said the flavored vodka sold mostly in large supermarket chains and Some of the rister on thays a one-time bottle sells for about three dollar twenty cent US That's what you can put put in your flask Yeah In your side pocket there like somebody we know used to do all the time Who's out? Justin piece oh Christian slater blows $10,000 at strip club cheating hubby's night out says the inquire Meryd actor Christian slater spent $10,000 on lap dances in champagne at a strip club Then he reportedly visited a brothel where he blew another $500 on a 19 year old hooker sources tell the inquire well, it's wrong with that If you got it spread it around So he said to her if he got it spread it Incredibly the call girl told a British newspaper that slater actually wanted to take three girls back to a swanky hotel suite But couldn't afford it because his ATM card was maxed out Oh As it turned out he said she was glad to have the true romance star all the way so the sex was fantastic the best client ever had I thought I should be paying him she told the interviewer He was all over me kissing my neck running his hands over my body. I was loving every minute I used to be a fan of his when I was younger And probably when he was younger too He had looking too great The young woman says that first she didn't recognize the actor when he walked into the London brothel at 3am AM he was wearing scuffy jeans and a crumpled shirt It was only after the Hollywood hump picked her out that she said a security guy told her who her famous John was Soon they were in her fourth floor suite of one of London's fancies to tell she claims Right off the bat slated toaster that he's married to TV producer Ryan hadn't and as two kids He came across as really nice said the woman who may be the world's most star-struck prostitute I was puzzled when he told me about his family by the guess he was just being honest He was very experienced and was exactly what to do He was an absolute animal like a mad man going at it fiercely He was like a train and I didn't want to stop him. I was never enjoying myself with Christian. I really enjoyed it Slater who served time in jail because of his addictions and wild annexes been on a runaway express train to fun land lately The actor made headlines after an explosive night. I would been a f-luck at a Canadian strip barn 2003 a Then in November Slater's angry wife smashed him on a head with a glass after she caught him Cawording at Las Vegas strip club the other the gas needed nine stitches to close when the actor Bob in London last month the film Churchill La Hollywood years when it was first stops was the Alt to the upper expensive Sepistic cat strip club say sources The meteor started running over 350 bucks an hour per girl as soon as he picked six stunning Blons and invited them to the clubs of exclusive VIP room to be his private dancers sources say He ordered the vishan paid a 900 bucks a bottle plus cocktails which he shared with his new fans the generous 34 You will give them all hefty tips too. He loved the attention all the girls were giving revealed a club in cider But Slater got sticker shock when he was handed the $10,000 10 he wasn't too happy, but he eventually did pay up From there Slater hooked up with a call girl according to the British newspaper news of the world. Oh news of the world Oh god give her be that I've seen it yeah, it's almost like the weekly world news one step away Although a spokesman for Slater told the inquire the story is not true the British newspaper reports that the stripper Panatech had so much fun for his first date with the woman that he called for a date the very next night But famously he ended the client because she had another client she was booked for Christian Now the model's Christians gone bad Speaking of that your girlfriend she's got problems which one Janet Reno Brittany sexta- It's like a nightmare. I can't wake up from that's what an anguish Brittany spirit's cried a pals She's always crying After an internet email or candy was selling a sex tape of the pop princess a way to we get that on our website That will be the day that we blow the whole website. I you'll see We forget about that Paris Hilton bitch Need help selling some web porn tapes said the ad posted on the popular internet sales website I'm not gonna read the o Craigslist.org I'm not gonna read it though All right Craigslist.org. I won't read it. I'm kind of unsure how to do this because a Country boy, I'll be in a country boy. I have a tape shot of me in Brittany spirit's now was wondering if anyone LA would know who I could sell it to Well, sounds like her kind of country boy like that Yahoo from Louisiana with the year that she was married to for about a half an hour I need the money and she doesn't even talk to me anymore. This is honor around Kent would LA in around on a ad The ad was quickly deleted but not before was spotted by the editors of the show biz gossip site the Famer.com they rented on their website calling it perhaps our favorite Craigslist post of all time and They joked whatever re-preemesement we'd rather from some local prankster with suspects spelling abilities It's certainly tempered by our crazy hope that somewhere out in this great world of ours There exists a video of Brittany's fears writing some yoke like a tractor The tape comes on the heels of obviously probably as a lot of detractors. Yeah, I wrote it on her biker behavior The tape comes on the heels of a string of disasters for the 22 year old star beginning with her embarrassment Embarrassing 55 hour marriage to childhood pal Jason Alexander then she was bred in a home record for stealing dancer Kevin Featerline from his pregnant girlfriend and Most recently her onox hotel tour which was played by flagging and flagging tickets sales and bad reviews was canceled after Brittany blew Out of knee filming her outrageous video Brittany was appalled by the news that someone was talking a phony video for having sex with a possible former lover set of pal She knew the video was a sham, but her father had her greatly There's been an endless string of unfortunate incidents in Brittany's life lately almost as if her career's being sabotaged Oh, that must be what it is right? It's a conspiracy in fact it wasn't even heard I got all that fame that fame and shame from a super bowl It was Janet Jackson with her buddy. Bye bye. Yeah She told her friend if I could take back the last six months. I would it's like a nightmare that I can't wake up from the one bright spot in Brittany's otherwise difficult life right now Is her boyfriend Kevin? I thought they got married Maybe it's a different guy. Pete. Wow who knows who can keep track of all these the degenerates? He's moved in with her full-time and talk his flying fast and furious. They're gonna let any day this must have been written before They just got married the other day. I'm sure of it for about an hour and a half Brittany's told everyone that all she wants to do right now is we poop from knee surgery and spend quality time with Kevin and she's so impulsive She could easily be a bright on crutches. I think she already is Now let's see oh there there oh Jesus oh no you must get this saying choir. I'm talking it. I will not away hold today First look at that awful picture of a curstie alley where she weighs 700 pounds. Looks like fat rich and fat boy tied together And now when you see now he's got a cap on he's wearing a Starbucks t-shirt and the sloppy jeans but This guy he what was the other one His name Jason Alexander for one as you got me remember what he looked like yeah like hell on wheels right like a chip This guy makes him look like bread pit I'm falling in hurt so bad I'm crawling it's dangerous It's insane It's not a scream almost right Can you tell is it with your help? I think I'm not my sister I'm hurt can't you see Let me know the point I've seen And no one can't smile When I thought I was in winter suddenly I told him and now I wonder if it's because I'm with so many men my boyfriend is giving me a lift to him and So Or baby 16 to one at five 60 WQAM guess who just dropped out jack Ryan who is forcing his wife is actress wife to go to all those six clubs Just dropped out of the race in the Illinois Better shame can't imagine why I Mean even Republicans ought to be able to go out and screw around even though they're always point fingers at everybody else and saying all you're a bunch of perverts Right all guys got there banana stuff baby somebody was told me that Gary Lawrence told me that of Wynz and Zayley said all guys got their banana business And if everybody just mind your own business what's it to you just leave everybody alone? I thought it was your mom to told you that. Yeah, that's what she said something about chicitas banana If you had tons of cash where in the world outside Florida would you live? What would be your home base where do you hang it out? 459 votes on air who lie 114 money Carl 51 late Tahoe 49 must be fabulous I'm stood on 46 Las Vegas 45 fiscal 33 mountains in North Carolina 29 Rome has got 28 after that. It's kind of like a slim pick and only two for Prague Ever been to Prague no 567 0 560 pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line. WQA and hello Leo. Yes, man. Hi The reason I'm calling last Monday. I was changing channels on my television and I came across Arnold Schwarzenegger Oh my god He was on the Christian broadcasnet work Saying how he had a vision from God He was going to be governor. Wow the God gave him this vision and I was just wondering why is it God is only talking to Republicans? Because the Democrats lost his number oh Thanks thanks for the bad news Arnold is another board again for guy to know that I thought he was certainly ought to be a good obedient Catholic like Maria Ryan probably is I don't know now that you mentioned it, but I thought only the born against would have once they're always talking to God The Catholic still busy talking to the Pope Papa They got this have their own personal saint that they can talk to and who's that same Ignatius? I see why didn't know that till the stand ever knew that They have a variety of saints depending on what's ailing you at the moment same Ignats Speaking of Ignats Jacko hiding out in Miami what a perfect place for him Probably it oh Jesus Q's chat and fight I would be surprised if Michael Jackson killed those two people killed a coal in the wrong Goldman That's probably where they ought to be looking I'm gonna fact there are two articles here Michael's 15 million dollar pay off This is just the inquire of petting themselves on a back about the well we know that But anyway medicine man helping him prepare for his upcoming trial here's Dr. CB he Providing spiritual guidance for Jacko looks like he just got off of an anobot A Q's travel us their Michael Jackson deciding out in a posh Miami hotel Where's preparing for it even shows the lowest hotel Maybe some of you folks are like to visit Michael okay? The presidential suite is on the 17th and 18th floors of the lowest hotel Anyway, this is what the inquire claims hiding out where he's preparing for his upcoming trial with the help of a central American medicine man the inquire is learned exclusively of course Source is say Jackson spends his days in the $4,000 overnight suite at lowest Miami Beach Hotel meditating praying doing yoga Getting aroma therapy and receiving spiritual guidance from a 70 year old Honduran herbalist he calls Dr. CB But whose real name is Alfredo Bowman I wonder if he's related to venereal Bowman and tribes of Pompano Park once in a while Michael is opening up to Dr. CB reveals the source he has not anyone as close in his life since bubbles the shampoo died some years back Even though Dr. CB is not a real doctor Oh, God Jackson is convinced his herbal treatments will give of course if he's in south Florida does he need to be real doctor? Oh, so I should be a different Jackson's convinced his herbal treatments will give him the mental and physical age he needs to come out on top But he goes to court in September to face nine felony counts of the insiders Dr. CB's got permission to get beyond the hotel's high security checkpoints and visit Michael each day Sometimes spending hours at a time and inside or tells the inquire A couple of times after Dr. CB finished his treatments and left the hotel Michael called an astim to return he dropped whatever was doing to rush to Michael's side or given spiritual advice of the telephone Dr. CB was not present Michael was spent hours praying meditating doing yoga or involved in some sort of aroma therapy the different sense and fragrances Perminated the local hallways Maybe that was just a smell of that Jesus juice Located on the hotel 17th and 18th floors the lavish presidential suites floor deceiving windows offer breathtaking views But hotel sources say the strange singers shows not to think advantage of the hotels other amenities like its fine restaurants and food Instead he's having his personal chest follow a strict diet plan designed by Dr. CB said the insider There are only certain foods Michael will eat he believes some foods invite negative energy in the body will ultimately affect other aspects of his life Michael is so such a desperate to save himself from spending years behind bars He'll try almost anything even something is wacky isn't it well, that great got some audio of One of Dr. CB's blessings there great let's hurry I think that's the one it's gonna do it And I think if we play it again, there goes the license whatever it hardly said they're right at the end Anyway five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on a anti anti line don't forget join QM now Let's see where's the correct one? I want to make sure we get the right promo on your cleanse to get all been out of shape Join QA in present anti beard and night six the way to the Kindle Alhouse 16th haven Kindle drive and have little hoolees from 9 to 11 pm at 135 south what 89 plays stop by for prizes and specials on present and they beer and Don't forget if you missed a big O today. It's because that place that Verizon places out of business that that's great We shouldn't have just lost over that because that's the QA in effinway that is so perfect We are rained we set up with the agency. I wonder who's a count that is we gotta find that out Before the end of the day for rising wireless all right good luck to us. Yeah Call on us and authorized Verizon wireless agent 500 West Oakland Park put a mark We were inviting you to stop by and spend a meal with the big oh But the problem is the places out of Venice Which sounds like a perfect place for the big case me anyway that particular branch is closed It's not like right that's what I'm talking about. I didn't save Verizon wireless is out of business. I said that Brand it's what I'm saying that branch Cliff branch and We got that one tonight at the candle and also tomorrow noon at two George will be at a place that he loves going because he just sits on his ass There needs to sandwiches and they uh, but I stand around he hangs around Tomorrow noon at two George will be at Bill Siddles Boulevard of Savings. I know it's right now Did they know who you are by this time or not? Yeah, they do they we're chill now. Yeah, and they actually know what station you're on everything right That found the three green goes that worked there. We hang we bond you hang right one of the managers so it's good If you find some of those militant Well anyway, you might be hanging Noon to two George will be at Bill Siddles Boulevard of Savings Northwest 36 reaches West at 27th Avenue Miami stop out of win prizes and enjoy those delicious subs from Atlantic City subs Where I were used to make that events putting in there no more as you gone already or see I'll be damn good luck to you. I wrote we love you. Thank you for all your kindness and as far as Scott's concerned Well, yeah to him 567. Oh 560 whatever reddick chain. He said do a petley. He did today a same goes for a Scott 560 pound 560 on the AT&T Verizon Marlus line How many QA and hello? Hey, how you doing Neil pretty good? This is Frank and I can't go all the way again. Can I get Lincoln Diaz Mallar you said okay great good luck to your Frank Just kiss the ground. I let your ramble on the first time. Okay first of all we don't like the libertarian party Secondly, we're doing a radio show here. This isn't a campaign by somebody it's got uh I'm gonna get about eight votes this is a radio show So don't ever do that again, Frank. I'm gonna have to reveal the things that we know that well Probably rather that we shouldn't I don't know what the area will we'll find out How do you like that? Can you believe that? Sure. What a and I and I really let it slide that thing would Dave Slater Because you know we had to put that guy up to call that that was shameful I mean, you know, he was right on there with at the sale of it at Penny tax that they wanted to stick in there a couple of years ago him and the Richard Friedman But enough is enough okay, baby It's one thing to you know seek out somebody else's ass systems or just seek out somebody else's ass But I mean give me a break Come and back to the well again. Oh Dave Slater nobody also talked to nobody or recognize him so That's used any a radio show is a vehicle to try to like everybody know he's a nobody cares Dave Okay, go back and do the weather you were good guy go do something useful go tell us what we're gonna get a hurricane do something worthwhile Boy boy the same that that town. It's just it just wears you out the same old faces the same tired voices and now we got this new tired voice Frank Alexander shorts whatever this guy's name is all a hundred oh Swordscop What I whoever he is I don't know I'm not you know something I'm sorry I apologize to the audience for letting you bored I had a lot of me other than a when you called in it I have a him ramble on and instead of a pressure And he's calling back again to see if you can order show again today the answer is no Frank and I hope you'll lose big I'm all for who was he running against the what's his name? Blar no I can deans ballard as much of as a right wing lunatic as he is I hope he beats you by 50 million posts The water that I'm a crash didn't put anybody up At least they're smart enough to realize they got a Chinaman's chance in little Havana Okay, let's go about a kosher deli in Moscow. Let me probably got some okay, so I call but I'm per kosher deli in little of Anna John Anyway, let's take some calls Five six five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty don't forget our new format. It's all guilty starting Monday All guilty all day round the clock 24 hours a and she squishes way to the top WQA and hello Big mail. Yes, sir. Pretty good One for your bulb. Yes Cuba Cuba. Yeah, you have you been there Not as far as you know Like you have larger the Barrier of your choice and you live like a king if you got money. Okay, great. I'll see you in the Havana not he wants to go to Cuba the hotels there Our fabulous now. Let me ask you when if we ever have another hockey season and the panthers are involved in a really close game of jelly-colour A squeaker That was bad. I don't I want to apologize for that. No, we're in a real squeaker. I want to go Gal they man your two colors have come out these last few months you have shown yourself to be a real pain in the arson everybody In a station is just turned against you. It's amazing. I mean generally, you know in the past we considered to be like a I don't know annoying but just kind of like But I As opposed to some malignant people Not third man. We got a svelte 30 million people most of whom are Greg Reid's personal friends, which is why they're there You know what I'm talking about? There you go. Oh But it come to find out that he's not benign he says malignant as they come and he's looking for everybody else's job and he's a legend in his own mind And he actually thinks he belongs on here. This is the thing that cracks me up You go to a hockey game you sit in that macaroon and there's his ugly post up there on a on a big screen You can't get away from it in between periods and he's spaking it and of course there the sound levels magnified by a million You know because they crank the level away up and it's just like it's a fight So that I just really crank that baby up You're annoying sweetheart. You're annoying and you're irritating. I can't wait if if he really is gonna because the schedule says he's back with the malign Monday We should get an 80's here just for people tuning in to hear the the angst being his stereo In fact, you'll be able to like stick your finger in a radio and cut the attention Right? Yeah, you'll be able to cut it with your toenail all they love each other Right, it's all just stick You a M But it's the one to two hour What the Really this You would sausage made fresh by the gentleman is it I like it so much. I'm gonna kill you Oh Another witten band dead one sausage is made for 100% human fed For for down home freshness Should trade for the home Man they from people bought people ship direct year roses freezer for people like you There they people good food On a one at five sixty wqm. I just look at I'm maybe his website just crashed and I don't know it's back at the luxury port resum says with effect and white chicks might to be Michael more at the box office this weekend Of course white chicks isn't about 2500 movie theaters on a country and Michael more than like five feet or something like Williams brothers are more famous than God and everybody loves them And they go see all right there you go Anyway Oh, I better I'll print this out about the internet attack because the government I mean the summa outside or might be tearing the internet down So you can't find out what's going on in the world this story that way we just got Can you imagine if we didn't have the internet right? Oh, we'd have is like the hero in the Sun sent one CNN and Dan Radar and Tom broke out with his bad speech impediment Oklahoma attorney general drew Edmundson as to state court yesterday to remove a quick County judge from the bench for allegedly using a sexual device during court proceedings The petition asked the Oklahoma court on the judiciary to remove judge Donald Thompson was accused of using a penis pump during court proceedings Oh my god This is the best there at this maybe the greatest or at the week According to court papers filed by Edmundson a court reporter told investigators She saw Thompson using the device more than a dozen times Edmundson said the court reporter Lisa Kate Foster no relation to Bud Foster was fired after Tom some learned she was cooperating with investigators Foster told investigators here to noise from under Thompson's bench on several occasions She also says she also She also God I thought it was more like She also says she witnessed him engaging in proper sexual conduct 15 or 20 times maybe it was more like Edmundson said to advise the allegations, but it was having the device out of the bench According to the petition Thompson testified that the penis pump was a gag gift from a friend He's gagging on it Thompson's attorney said the allegations are false and part of an effort to attack an embarrassing Thompson 57 has not been available for comment, but is attorney Clark Brewster said there is data Thompson is horrified by the accusations I'd like that I can't imagine why Maybe he's listening to art will maybe it's time to pump it up anyway This is kind of a scary story, but then again why should we be scared because that's the way they wanted anyway They want us to be scared and terrified all the time Government and industry experts warned late yesterday of a mysterious large scale internet attack against thousands of popular websites The virus like infection tries to implant hackers software out of the computers of all website visitors In this we experts in the Homeland Security Department were studying the infection to determine how it spreads across websites And find adequate defenses against it Users should be aware that any website even those that maybe trusted by the user may be affected by this activity and thus contain potentially malicious code The government The war didn't want internet all alert The mysterious infection appeared at least one reason version of software by Microsoft to operate websites called its Internet's information server popular among businesses and organizations a spokesman from Microsoft of time to come in immediately Experts at the attacks affects one usually broad, but boards substantially interfering with internet traffic While this is significant and has no impact on the upper extent even at some markets sex who helps run the industries Internet's dorm center Bethesda Merlin did you know there was an internet storm center in Bethesda Merlin? I do doubt there's an internet storm center Bethesda Merlin. What an educational show, damn it 560 5050 5060 pound five 60 on the AT and T in Verizon wireless line I was the mad dog back in town or she's still on a rake of it. He's still at rake of it. Oh, I didn't know that Well, he's a vendor all week long for that big-all tremendous sounds are really great better than ever So it must be like Bob or move didn't patch you around with any of that equipment over there because it sounds really good Share points up the one that I saw there was nobody on just just to keep you on your toes. WQA and hello Yes, sir Did I like about only for Columbine was it you know he you know You know, he you know, he was gonna set the Clinton for dropping bombs on church Share-A or whatever was it all the Columbine students, you know when all been in Colorado No, he's not I don't see him. It's so partisan is everyone's making mouth to be right? No, he has something that he likes to tell it's called a truth Exactly regardless of whom it hurts. He likes to tell the truth and that's a real America. Thank you good point You read that expert from that book before what he you know rip-clinic expert expert. Yeah Right where he rip-clinic ass right. Let's listen Clinton. I mean I'm not gonna sit here until the Clinton was sensational or perfect I mean I'm not talking about personally that personal stuff is all about your garbage But he did a lot of he made in fact from day one with that thing about the gaze of the military even though his intentions were good Extraordinarily politically explosive and I even idiotic and the didn't work of course Looping his face and just get you know, they were out to get him and he gave me every opportunity in the world That was the problem kind of like alcohol steam In fact, I think we didn't dig nice together for a while there But intentions but again everything being well known compared to what we got now and compared to the Twelve years that preceded him he was like spent a spectacular Cuba and he made a really good point at one of the interviews one of his 800 interviews the other day and he's right Of course the media will never tell you this the mainstream media and that is once Nixon got in the right Wingers and they were just starting to really get their Feel or oats at that point the religionist and these other coalition of Nazis They thought that that was it that was the end of the Democrats and noise and Carter got in was because of watergate But they thought and so once that Reagan got in there and Bush won got in they thought that was it no more Democrats They're gonna get in and then he came along and screwed up all their plans Just like Tessio said screwed up all everybody plans now once but twice for eight years whip their ass And so that's why from the minute he got into the first term. He were out to get his ass out there 560 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon marvelous line at all poor Monica They're starting that crap again. You hear she's lashing back now. How do you say this? What a slut what a nasty miserable pig or slut with her presidential knee pants Bitch WQA and hello Speak in a what happened in all star Hey, you know in the bizarre world you probably be the president Yeah, I wanted to make a comment never request or wait a hit okay first of all Want to vent a little bit on the frustrated about all these stupid half-lick making these millions complaining that they're really making 20 million to 30 million well, these the teachers and Police and the troops or issues you may get in all the money right also An idea for your pool. You know I was reading an article together. They about in the paper about how I don't know who was the government wanted to change Take a what was it in God we touched off the dollar bill and With the school taken out of the federal agents right under God. Yeah, what about the date of WK bar our date BC and AC Should we change that also yeah, we sure is how should I wish calendar now we're talking and you can make a poem what it could be okay Go ahead All right, thanks beautiful place, Andy. A lot of right wingers there a lot of a naval attacks Here's a beautiful place never been there. You've been there said the ego to LA And what is LA I mean what do you compare and okay? Not just that's the only place in California. I've been LA once upon a time if you like a wild and well You'd great place all up even back in the day even back in the day before Ed Davis put everybody in jail And they like made LA in became like a stopping off point for every Korean and Chinese and whatever else and Vietnamese but LA was always a danger as you you felt the error of crime I have never looked anywhere like LA Even in Detroit. I remember my eyes burned continuously from the smog. Yeah, and of course I'm one of the really bad days you could be driving on a freeway and you look up in the air And you know the Hollywood hill sign is up there somewhere you just can't see it right you know it's there you just can't see it But it's just the feeling of danger in crime I haven't been there in a long time because last time I was there I didn't see any signs in English It may be almost feel like we even saw Florida except at least understand if you were to pass by you I can't understand no Korean or Vietnamese or Chinese or any of that Asian stuff, you know Yeah, it's all great to me right but San Diego all-conquerers from what I'm told can't really different for you Waspish and very different 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and horizon wireless line Let's lose what counter can we use and he had a very good point this heat-healer But that's a due thing you see you get back with our religion stuff again. Oh Just got to be one you have any idea how many camongers there must be now what are the muslims go by what counter do they use? I don't know carpet calendar WQA and hello Hey, deal yes sir Okay, that's not good to you. Thank you. WQA and hello those are always my favorite Hello the reverse true gold yes, WQA and hello QA and Not there can we go for four in a row. I know we can do it. WQA and hello Hi, Neil. I just wanted to give you an update at the gateway You've got all of about 15 people standing out in line waiting to get in so I believe it's a 115 showing Okay Maybe everybody else is already inside That's a good point but there was nobody to it 10 minutes ago. Okay. Thanks for the good news. Thank you. Okay If you want to go and see Michael Moore for a 9-11 just go to the gateway cinema down It's right the it's so easy to get there sunrise and federal right right Right next to Ilmolino effect after the movie go get get some child. Ilmolino is a great place Why to one in a plantation by me there went out of business. I have no idea just makes you really scratch your head and wonder Maybe a lot of people are got really bad taste. That must be it because that place was send Sationals outstanding Long gone So there's a place where you don't have to wait long on lines But it's you not gonna get there anyway because it's a 115 showing but let me say it again for those who are belly achingist More me a lot of winers and complain oh gee, it's not showing right next to it in my house Let's see gateway cinema next showing is it in for a lot of deal at Where is it Where is it? I don't I don't know what she's talking about Because here it says gateway four was not the one is that different one I don't know I only don't want gateway on sunrise and US one right Because it says 1253 10 537 50 and 10 10 Maybe that ain't the same one. I don't know I Scotty But anyway, it's all over the place and they're quick belly aching it just look it's an amazing thing It's called a newspaper. You don't have a computer to look You know to find out with the movie listings looking the newspaper In fact when you open up one just stand around one of those newspaper boxes out on the street And when somebody buys a hero, which it might take a while but when somebody actually buys one Just say hey get a couple out there from get one for me Huh, but just wait till the door is closing the needle. Let's take your hand out and block it Right just stick your hand in there real quick and open as close to fans 12 minutes after one at five sixty wdqm it's summertime days you get longer nice You're getting shirt or which means it's so important and more difficult for you to get a good at night sleep If you're not sleeping as well as you'd like to do the smart thing get a great mattress call 1 800 Macris 2 day millions of people dial 1 800 mhtt rs for the lowest prices on the best brands in bidding The easiest possible way to buy a great name brand mattress save time save money improve your productivity and write you this position too Dottom mattress is ranked the best in the universe in customer satisfaction and they were one is of the 2004 better business bureau local torture excellence award when you call 1 800 mhtt You'll get the best prices on the best brands would live re on your schedule and the best customer service in the business too Dottom mattress is got all the best names you want them they got them they got clycerna king coral Simmons Tempor pdf even stirrens and foster he would from Kendall a store at Palm Beach to Ford Myers Dottom mattress will deliver right to your door the finest betting around they'll set an apoya Pick away the smelly soil crappy old betting and you'll be happy camper getting a great night sleep night after night for years to come All of us at qam have been doing it you ought to be doing the same thing too Call them at 1 800 mattress or check them on the web at macris dot com call them today. They'll be there real soon call 1 800 Macris 1 800 mhtt rs This Show水 Mary Looked in his same three qualities about sports and sports and out of sports I even got lots of whore every his comedy thing Coach, hooker, hooker, hooker, hum, hooker No, I said I don't know the law Take that moal No, I got that, dad Understand now with my own two-cell and I was a spy You watched that Now you're the bum You can't hit me no more It can't hit me no more I can't hear you They're on the radio, yamora Oh, ho, ho, ho, ho He looked maybe I was a little little line The things I said It, you're like that Yeah, you're like that Yeah, you're like that And I'm not gay You're right now And it's an awful illness That big fat old guy they stuck me with This is me like the used to do But he's not you Ah, that tells me You make me almost want to come back with you You tell me Yes, but they my life was filled with joy You tell me And now watch that when I go up and run You'll be going You're my best sight pick and foil I miss how you talk like a go-hail You're the easiest for whole Jewel I miss you You're the dog My home home That shit's out the back You're my TV Oh I ain't quite the snack on the show next to you That person with an habit of good time Why you wait not the unemployment life You're a little man Call me a bomb I'll kill you with a bomb Are you a stunt? You kill a baby Yeah Okay Ow Well 19, I'll tell the old day baby All summer long it's gonna be Guilty here and Guilty there You're gonna have Guilty coming out of here Back to him ears Right Grandma Jail overnight We're writing a bad check in 1985 says the Sun Sentinel This is in Tampa Yeah, and any year now listen I mean in other words, she wasn't put in jail in 1985 She was a well, well, good to it Good that beat, bitch And any year old widow was arrested in jail for writing a bad check for less than $150 Nearly two decades ago Elizabeth E. Milton was driving home for a Sun's 31st wedding anniversary Once he was pulled over in a random stop and arrested for writing a bad check Of $145.93 December 4, 1985 She was put in the back of a Hillsborough County Sheriff's Patrol car And taken to the Oriett Road jail where she stayed overnight till she posted a thousand dollars bail early yesterday They made me take off my shoes and put my hands in the counter and they felt all over to search me She said I've never seen any place like that and I'm sure hoping they'll do that again Oh, she said Milton a great grandma said she cannot recall what she ate last week Monthless at Chechci wrote 19 years ago She said she wonders why authorities took so long to get in front of her Milton who moved to Tampa 1970 She receives a monthly social security check from the government Had to undergo a criminal background check before she moved into her section eight apartments seven years ago Officials said they followed the law by resting in person watered on a warrant but Sheriff spokesman Lieutenant Rod Reader Said the supervisor went struck to the resting deputy to bring Milton and may have not understood her age If he knows he was 80 years old, he might have said hey, let's think about this reader said but the fact is the deputy followed procedure Please take it at him with a second or two to drive through a crystal Should have smacked her right a little bit In fact if she's rean isolated, they couldn't take it into stake in quake Which is to be really good the shakes are good that meets sucks What happened to them man? It went sound so fast something happens to everybody eventually Well not in not in Tampa if you ever meant to stay well, of course. I don't know I've been there a long time But if I had I bet it's still the same it's just a south floor to thing yeah It's true and it's probably because they can't get any good help Here's a facts from a lady who says if possible I'd like to include Capri Italy the blue grudder to your pool. Thank you for the entertainment you're welcome and thank you so much We got a Capri Italy. Let's go to Capri mom mommy I can't I can't say like Real Italian not some you know If you had tons of cash where in the world outside of Florida when you live just for fun Okay, what would you like to hang it out as your home base if you had like millions and millions and millions and millions Hawaii 130 100 and what about 30 man? What ain't nobody close? I told it that was gonna be big Monicarlo 63. I'm stood on 54 Lake Tahoe 51 Vegas 50 first go 40 moms in North Carolina 35 Rome 33 the Bahamas 19 Vancouver 16 Salzburg and etiquette's the crank vote with 13 obviously Stockholm Sweden 12 and doors got 11 everybody else single digits see the thing about Vegas if you had This is what I don't understand. I'll some people have a gambling problem Okay, like some athletes Right at gambling problems and so they go to Vegas. They go to a wedding at Sineen a gamble millions and millions And they lose a couple million and one night Because unless unless you have a problem like that or you're crazy person then you really lose that kind of money The the attraction just isn't that great you see what I'm saying in other words like if George if when Josh was in Vegas right when you were Vegas Yeah, now you play any slots Blackjack Flots of roll ladies Josh is telling me oh yeah Right Must be all arrest of his disguises all ladies playing the slots like it the woodbind last couple of weeks So that was over You big band of the slots? I love the slots. It's a sucker game, but it's fun blackjack is boring Now you can win it black. Yeah, but see here's my whole point Now in Vegas of course they have the progressive slots where if you want to play quarters Which even you could afford that you got quarter mani with those sometimes has like a 20 million dollar jackpot But let's say even like the small progressive jackpot's like 8,000 or 25,000 if you hit a jackpot like that It makes a significant difference in your life Right Now let's move to George okay Now George isn't Vegas needs my record at the same would be true for George okay if he had like 25 grand We'll be significant change for his life. He might even be able to move out But with me and again, I'm making a few bucks. I go to the slot that it's boring. I mean you think I'm gonna go and play quarter slots No slots this for all ladies you know you never once you never one time try to slot machines. I would you tell me? I tried it What that's blackjack And that's because George told you that slots are for all ladies. Oh Not at all Now you you were with us had like and they had to put the mgm grand three times we went the wife would play the slots and I would Stick with the blackjack tables now. I was gonna ask you try to slot. I did I played some money there I would say 40 percent at least 40 percent maybe maybe 50 percent the people I see playing stars like in Vegas are men And I see in enormous number of people are young men playing slot machines Well, they must be fakes Yeah, they must be fake. They must have a fake penis. Oh, they got that penis pump from the judge. Fakes No way But in okay, so now it's an old lady thing and a fag thing to play slots. Oh Women in the right are all women in the Whoa, okay I learned so much on issue you have no idea 26 past one at five 60 WQAM the old lady says Here's your company suffering from regulations and increased labor cost let oasis outsharcing help When it comes to the people side of your business payroll administration Fortune 500 company employee benefits human resource services and risk management are just a few of the services That oasis outsharcing can cover to help your business be more profitable Call oasis outsourcing they for a fear by the way, she said one eight six six at oasis that's one eight six six two eight six twenty seven forty seven But more than 60 thousand employees worldwide oasis outsourcing understands the many fancy human resource management outsourcing's been recognized by firms large and small as a powerful management choice with So let's you focus on your core business. Why do leave the operational details to the folks and oasis outsourcing So let oasis outsourcing make your business more profitable if you'd like that free of ad oation with no obligation Call them toll free today call 1 866 at oasis that's one eight six six two eight six twenty seven forty seven for oasis outsourcing In my early town I Five six oh WQ It was the story of a girl who took the president for a more Yes, he kept building her need pads and we never did recover when he lied I Was in the film the next four years where they go hard boys we still have a fierce politician So in sincere never quite as honest as they were the pierce and can't get baby so kids And later on up to something so can't a lab no wonder we're also confused Big and common and family fat they abuse that's hope we will never again leave it She could When Oh, Jesus, they pull up the cannon to see if breakfast would be almost got almost got Abu Musaam also car we damn near Neil the near Fouluga. Is he up? Yeah, the one at his leg shut off at a group back and when it was dead, but he came back to line. He had almost got him and then what happened? He got away. Hey, listen close. I mean, like in Coitz and horses, close counts a lot in those. Don't count to good and chase and tear was though. Did we get him? No, we got to uh, we'll uh, we'll uh, we'll uh, we'll all marred. Oh, Osama, you mama? No, no. But anyway, we came to Amclos. The Stride Oenski speaks out on Clinton memoir. Monaco Oenski says he feels betrayed by Bill Clinton's fated with knowledge how he destroyed her life and has really released memoirs. And interview with British broadcast your ITV to be shown on Friday. The former White House intern best known for her affair with a 42nd US president says she was disappointed at the relationship as a dressed. I really didn't expect him to rock in detail about another which she's distressed. In detail, she said, there he who cares what she said. Visible nasty bitch with a big mouth. See, that's the problem when you're dealing with broads like her with a big mouth. Who used it for several different things, including Yapp and a lot. That's why she was able to get on tape with Linda Tripp and Lucy and Goldberg and all of those alluded to his man. That's what that was all about. Now again, back to what the point I was trying to make, which you totally sidetracked me with your old lady fag stuff about. That's not the point. No matter what you're playing, if you're playing poker and you're playing like Penny Andy poker, people don't have any money. It's boring. Which is who I'm saying. What's the point? The risk factor if you're loaded and you're not loaded. Right. And if you're going to win like 800 bucks in your multi-millionaire, like some of the high world is what's the incentive? It's so fun. I don't get it right. You're right. It's not going to change your life. They should gamble for like digits like pinky fingers. There's something. There you go. Something like that. 6705. So let me get to a couple of important things here instead of touching around with Josh Plan, slot machines and Vegas. That's just, and I'm going to tell you right now, you can laugh all you want. If we had the slots at the tracks like they want to get on a ballot as November to hope they will, that would bring in so much revenue for the state for education, for the quality of racing for people's lives. It's just unbelievable. But in Florida, you've got this born again governor, this lunatic and these Bible thumbpers who are obsessed. Now, the Indians at Tokyo, they have those funny slot machines and they're at Seminoles where by the way, Hank's going to be doing a show this afternoon. Isn't it? That was yesterday. But that's okay, but as long as only a paper where we see it comes out in the mission, the wheels don't really spin around. That's okay. Right. What fun is that? We weren't spin it. No, but you're missing my point. How is it that the spinning makes it so much more evil, but it's all programmed at a time anyway? I know. So for example, I was telling somebody this the other day, when you spin a slot machine, when you put your money in, you hit the spin thing or you pull the old fashioned I pull the lever. You don't need to do that. In other words, the wheels don't need to spin around. That's only for your amusement and to suck you into thinking that, well, look how close that came out. Seven seven and then like a blank, you know, and the other sevens up here, you might as well have gotten three blanks. That's how close you came. Because it's all programmed ahead of time. So when you hit the button, spin, it could immediately show you, but then again, that would be no fun and there would be the whole concept of that is to get you whipped into it and worked up into a run. And I don't care what you say. There are people, men and women of all ages who sit there for hours and hours, black people, white people, green people, purple people, just pouring it in there have it a great time. And spider what you say, just look through the shoulder of her life. I mean, Josh, I can understand because we're going to have to see get to go. But we're often that I do. I mean, if Dave and Boring would be nice to him treat him well and take him on the big trips like this, we can trip to Tampa, for example. He won't be there. Actually, he won't be there. Why is that? He's going to some Hall of Fame, Sarah Mooney. Not for him. Oh, if I know who it's for us, we're on Ray Dawson. That's right. It's for the Hawk. But for as many years in Montreal, we're Dave and Boring into his nuts of the last year in Montreal. We're doing games on the internet because nobody has station would carry it because nobody cares. The idea is the exposer moving to Washington, DC next year, the building of stadium there. And it's what's going to happen. Got it? Got it. Let's see. Here's one. Oh, yeah. Lots of Brunnan Switzerland. Okay. We'll just put Switzerland on there because this is, it won't get many votes. No kidding. But that's one of the things makes it such a great place. It's quiet the same today as it was 100 years ago. It's a valley in the Swiss Alps with numerous waterfalls and some of the nicest people they'll ever meet. So we'll just put Switzerland for that. Here's Joe and South Miami says, hi, pali. How's the fat boy doing, by the way? He's still alive. Hi, pali. Got a pacemaker. Our fat sales guy, Jeff. Hi. Great news. Fernnight 9, 11 sold out with the known show. What's not said, place and beautiful South Miami. The 240 shows on the sold out. The ticket guy told me they've been selling advanced tickets for the 5.28 to clock shows like crazy. He said, you should have seen the line when I went to pick up my tickets for the night show was like a rock concert. It's all over now, George W. He said, I'm going to be a good news. So you're going to have to do a good news. As a post that lady that called before, moaning about all this nobody in line that gateway on sunrise is only 15 people. Nobody going. Anyway, Katrina van Denhuvel in the nation rights, Tom Delay's Amoral codes, pick it up morality and all this hypocrisy, all these lunatics. She says, is it any surprise that the publication of Fitton's memoir, my life has we've had the vitriolic bleeding from those on the right who just can't seem to stop celebrating over blue dresses and portray wearing interns. But if the self-appointed morality police were truly committed to upholding ethics and promoting values in government, they would begin challenging the House Majority Leader Tom Delay, who was hands down one of the most corrupt politicians in the U.S. The hammer. Do you know that was his name? The hammer. The hammer's a crock by one not our hammer. This hammer Tom Delay got that nickname because he runs the U.S. House of Representatives with an iron fist. He allegedly brined his GOP colleagues to win their votes for legislation that he desperately wanted to pass in the House. He's engaged in quit pro-pose with corporation seeking legislative favors and finally the campaign finance laws and taxes during the 2002 State House election contest. Now after a 70 year truce in the U.S. House that discouraged members from filing ethics charges against one another, represented Chris Bell is run to the Ethics Committee in filed a 187 page bombshell charging that Delay engaged in extortion, money laundering, and other abuses of power. I'll go on Chris, you go, boy. Just this with the Ethics Committee said that Bell had met the criteria for filing a complaint and it will not spend at least the next 45 days reviewing the charges that Delay violated the House's Ethics Rules. Bell called the committee his decision and important first step in the long-during to restore integrity in ethics to the people's House and a whole house majority later accountable for his actions. You receive a standing ovation from the Democratic caucus this week, winning a tacit endorsement from colleagues in his ongoing battle to hold Delay accountable. Bell who lost his seat in Texas after Delay ran through his undemocratic statewide redistricting plan designed to help Republicans hold on to power there has taken a bold stand. But Kudos must also be given to the courageous folks at the citizens for responsibility in ethics, crew, and Washington who have been filing complaints against Delay and shining a spotlight on his transgressions for many months now. Crew bills itself as a non-partisan watchdog group established use litigation to help ordinary people against unscrupulous government officials. Of course we should have high standards for government leaders' cruise mission statement notes, but the greatest danger to democracy is posed not by the personal picketillos of government leaders, but rather public policy unduly influenced by special interests. Although it's adopted the model of legal advocacy and advocacy developed by right-wing organizations like judicial watch and the reference to crew has no political ideology. In recent years it stood alongside a bevy of brave souls from columnist Paul Krugman to Democratic officials in the Texas legislature who proposed Delay's brass knuckles tactics and criticized the majority lose illegal and on democratic activities. Thanks to Bell's complaint and cruise persistence Americans now have in their hands a vivid picture of corruption and ethical rule breaking that relies on ocean of this administration and its Republican congressional allies do anything more than simply pay lip service to upholding ethics and morality in the seats of federal power. For starters the Democratic district attorney in Travis County Texas has convened a grandeur to investigate charges that the hammer uses political action committee the hammer. The Texans for a Republican majority derives millions in corporate campaign contributions and that's been some of this money on polling fundraising and get out the vote activities and violation of Texas law which says that corporate contributions can be used only for general administrative purposes. Delay is also charged of bells complaint with extracting campaign contributions from electric utility in Kansas called WestR energy. Delay it's alleged agreed to insert provisions into an energy bill that would save WestR billions of dollars wanting me all that is subsequently come to the labor field that WestR is executive stuff that they were buying and seated the table when they donated money to groups with links to the majority leader. Then there's Delay's role in Coral Infoats on behalf of the GOP Sham Medicare prescription drug legislation a legislative low point that occurred in the long night of Republican arm-fitting last November. According to the AP representative Nick Smith Republican for Michigan said that unnamed House Republican leader's threat to working against Smith's son who is running for Nick Seed and Les Smith voted for legislation. Remember that? Yep, we had that story. Robert Novak reported in his comments. Smith was also told that business interest would give his son $100,000 in return for his father's vote. While Smith later we candid these allegations of charges have the ring of truth in the rekeeping would delays thugged tactics of forcing even his own Republican colleagues to submit to the Republican leadership's will on closely legislative matters. Delay's brazen attacks on democratic governance, a tangled web of truly scandalous behavior, are so outrageous that even conservative Nebraska Senator Chuck Hagle has a sale of the Republican leadership for formatting anything goes atmosphere. I think we're on the edge of something dangerous if we don't turn it around. It's like the Middle East. You just keep scratching up the intensity of the conflict. Real conservatives like Hagle believe that they should take responsibility for their actions, these conservatives actually value the rule of law. They understand that the ends don't always justify the means in pursuit of a radical right wing ideology that serves corporate special interest above all. Tom Delay has never understood these things. He's committed a note, take no prisoners agenda, and seize ethics morality and rules as nuisance is that it must be flouted to stain and ignored. Delay is wrapped up a record that demands investigation and action in the ethics committee in the courts of law. His scourless misdeeds demonstrate the yawning gap between a former president's private indiscretions and Delay's dangerous violations of the public trust rights, a Katherine, a Katrina van and Hoverland nation and speaking of the different set of standards we got. When Clinton went ballistic there on a BBC interview and told it like it wasn't the veins were popping out of his neck. Remember all the pundits on there or the president in the former president lost it and he lost his cool. In the meantime here we had the interview that we saw a few clips of once on Irish TV with Bubba. I mean with W. Rameswood Bubba with W. Just foaming it them out and interrupting and getting all impatient and just going ballistic. Right. Let me answer. You actually questioned the main street. Probably won't see much of that normal. 5. The local V6 is 5.60. Why the you best dude? 146 had 5.60. WQM got the mad dog from a rake of it. Iceland coming up at two from that gulf tournament. Whatever the hell that thing is. And we got the hump right for the hammer. That was funny. And then we got Marlon's baseball. Marlon's on decks 6. 47.50. Marlon's at Tampa Bay. So if so, it booms in the game right. Yeah. With solo. No no with Bill Buckner. But we're you know. With Bill Buckner is he going to let the microphone slide through his legs? You have to be kidding me. What's Bill Buckner got to do with the Marlon's? I don't know. Where where where did he come from? I mean we're all of a sudden out of nowhere. Bill Buckner is doing when Ben Boy. At least he'll be more exciting than Dave and Boy. Anyway, the booster whom we love, you Marlon fans out there can listen to the night's game and see the contrast when boo does the game between that coma and losing guy. Paul Krubman right speaking it wasn't he just in that the Katrina van and who will article I write she made reference to Paul Krubman yes she did. His column today errors on terror. And did you hear that we almost got all's recorded. I got who had his legs up to often his dead already. We almost got him again. This is almost like chemical comical allele over again. How many times did we kill him? Bob Goodman. Tonight I'm instructing leaders of the FBI the CIA the Homeland Security and the Department of Defense to develop a terrorist threat integration center to merge and analyze all threat information in a single location. Our government must have the very best information possible. Thus spoke president Bush and the 2003 state of the Union address. A White House Fetchy called a center the next phase in the dramatic enhancement of the government's counterterrorism effort. Among other things the center took over the job of preparing the government's annual report on patterns of global terrorism. The latest report released in April claimed to document a sharp fall in terrorism. We will find in these pages clear evidence that we're prevailing in the fight deputy secretary state Richard Armanage declared but this week the government admitted making major errors in fact in 2003 the number of significant terrorist attacks reached a 20-year peak. How could they get it so wrong? The answer tells you a lot about the state of the so-called war on terror. Credit for uncovering the war reports errors goes to Alan Kruger a Princeton economist in David Layton, a Stanford political scientist who are studying patterns of terrorism. Mr Kruger tells me that as soon as they looked at the latest report they knew something was wrong. All of these supposed to decline in terrorism they quickly saw resulted from a fall in the number of non-significant events which Mr Kruger and Mr Layton say are counted with a squishy definition. Even the original report showed significant attacks a much less squishy category rising to a 20-year high and the list of significant attacks in November 11, 2003 but there were several major terrorist incidents after that date. Sure enough including these other omitted attacks more than double the estimate of the 2003 death toll. Was the report squishy math politically motivated? Well the Bush administration has cooked above so many areas including budget projections, tax policy, environmental policy and stem cell research why wouldn't it do the same on terrorism? The erroneous good news on terrorism also came at a very convenient moment. The White House was still reeling for marphillations of the former counterterrorism chief Richard Clark who finally gave public voice to the view of any intelligence and siders that the Bush administration is doing a terrible job of fighting al Qaeda. Meanwhile Mr Bush was on a winning the war on terror campaign bus to an amid west. Mr Kruger a forgiving soul believes that the report was boxed through simple incompetence. Maybe though can we be sure that if the statistics had told the administration something didn't want to hear they would have been carefully checked. By the way while the report tables in charge have been fixed the revised summary still gives little hint of how bad the data really are. In any case the incompetence explanation is hardly comforting. In a press conference announcing the release of the revised report the counterterrorism coordinator co-for black attributed the years to inattention personnel shortages and a database that is awkward and antiquated. Remember we're talking about the government central clearinghouse for terrorism information whose creation was touted as part of a dramatic enhancement of counterterrorism efforts more than year before this report was produced and it still can't input data of its own into computers. It should be no surprise in this age of halibut and that the job of data input was given to and botched by private contractors. Think of it as just one more indication at Mr. Bush isn't really serious about this terrorism thing he talks about terror a lot and votes it to justify unrelated wars he feels like fighting but when it comes to devoting resources to the on-glamorous worker protecting the nation from attack well never mind. So rights Paul Krutman at the New York Times see I read these articles because I know that the overwhelming majority are too lazy to there's certainly not going to read the New York Times online and there's certainly not going to most of them read the stories out of the bedtime stories on our website. So maybe you know just once in a while. But good man. Although I have my doubts after time to that one guy. So now it's a breakfast so that he went and saw the along with 400 other people the preview last night a Fahrenheit 411 and I wasn't going to see that got me seen it after. And he still asked him my audience how come was wrong for us to go in in the first place? He thought you know we had to do something. Right. We could attack Canada they had as much to do. Just like Richard Clark said in fact what's his name from Georgia Max Cleeland who's on this stupid ass phony debate on CNN right now he quoted him before just a few minutes ago that that's exactly right. He said Bush going attacking Iraq after 911 was like us attacking Mexico after Pearl Harbor. I stand in front of you now two years later and say it took me a little while. I'm a little slow learner but Neil I apologize. It's way deal. You are the truth. What a guy huh? He called us a meal car. The house of Bush and his primitaly. He just took four cool running and one quick steps on the Fernando hit with all the uglars and a kimbony. There goes another fence they've gone really voting. I might get up they have gone on 103 I Like it's inspired has a flat buddy through the disc with the power grab. With the killing rape and todo With the killing rape and torture going on in Iraq And his bank got the money till the secrets to our eyes He paid good money 340 grand a month Another negative story For the corporate media to hush Who's the near-done spain that gave it That's a reach to blame this unfitted I'm a person that he has gone away No longer work, people that she I am And for she's looking for anyone else That he can't believe For anyone else That he can't believe What a poor woman We have bad media slots You know how fast that story disappeared? I'll make a call Give us a call We don't want to hear about him But he was our al guy Forget about it Just tell me up Don't forget 3-9-11 Today is the opening We have several days But I mean I'll see the weekend Because Monday we're going to be holding a quiz AMC adventurer Not myzner park And a real shadow with 16 in Boko AMC Cocowalk 16 in the Grove Send my 70 Send him to your field And your field B If you miss it Movies of Del Rey and Del Rey Beach The gateway theater in Fort Loderdale Crown grant 18 high alia Regal South Beach 18 in Miami Sunrise Cinema's intercoaster late in North Miami Beach AMC sunset place in South Miami And the dryer theater Sunrise Cinema