I've been eating crap. It's full of signs that do we'll be signs? Struy are coming in, will tickle you off, Fine, you've been there, to see life and die the sun. Oh, Milk, give Stins, plays a far away Martian is your And I think that maybe M. Night's chamomile and there's trying way too hard Because those circles weren't made by aliens, on a wild track to rock. And they were made by Bruce Willis. Sometimes I'm very dead. Oh, signs, signs that do we'll be signs? The found out more you got to stand in line. Get up, you're a fucx and fail of signs. Sign, sign, sign that you'll be signs. Struy are coming in. How come nobody mentioned that for our poll yesterday? Signs. Are you a cusx? Yeah. It sucked. That could be a reason. I'll tell you one thing. Well, before we do that, Bad news, let's get to Bad news out of the way first. Although, media don't seem to be paying too much attention this because now people are just statistics. Didn't I tell you that? Right. Roadside bomb kills three more US soldiers. Eh. One Iraqi killed four of his wounded. Roadside bomb was to Baghdad. Kill three US soldiers and one Iraqi here today. A US military spokesman said, When US soldier three Iraqis wounded in the blast. The explosion was in Caldia, which is between Feluga and Romadi in the volleyball Sunni triangle. The military is investigating the blast, which took place at 130, which brings to total our 550 US soldiers. Evan kills since the war began in March. I just mentioned that in passing since these poor people are now just statistics. But like you say, It's worth it. I think I'm getting really good. I'm not now. Just go just the last batch of it. I think I'm good to go, as they say. Now what they say, good to go. Who says that? Back in the day, didn't they say that? Yeah. I'm so proud to answer the cliches. I can't stand it. I hate it. Although I'll tell you one thing. I cut the last few minutes of Joe average Joe Hawaii last night. Yeah. Wow. The couple. And it's just another tease, Joe. Because humiliation and degradation and boy, you're a fat slob and nobody's going to touch your ass. And you're disgusting and you know it. And here's this hot couple in the hot tub. And, you know, and forget about everybody else. You would like it. I sure like it. So then he's the. And the other people on here, the average or a fat tub, a guy who looked like kind of like a younger fat boy. And then it was a guy who looked like a young, a witty Allen with the really nerdy glasses on. You know, big thick black frame glasses. And then this guy, like, these guys got a chance. And the whole show is they're sitting around. Oh, gee, I got any chance. You're right. You got no shot. So what do you waste in your time for you loser? Anyway, it had his moment. What was the absolute best movie of last 13 years we asked yesterday. We moved it back to 1990. We're going to do 10 years. But there were, I think Glenn Gary Glenn Ross is the one that forced me to push it back a little bit. Push it back. Yeah. I pushed it good all the way back to 1990 to 2003. Last 13 years. Lord of the Rings, we turned the King. Take a look at this thing. 130 wins hands down. Although some good competition from two others, Paul fiction at 104. And there's still slaviners slaviners, or mayawana and fries too. Charge anchor redemption 103, even though you didn't like it. I liked it. Fine. No, he's not great. I wouldn't want it. Media. A saving ryan's privates, 90. Silence, a lamb 60. Boling for column by 56 on Q56. It's good also good fellow 56. Forest dump 55. Shindler's list 48. My cousin Vinny had 42. Glenn, Mary, Glenn, Glenn Ross, Glenn, Hill had 40. That's good. That's a huge one. Oh, shelly. Shelly, you're the best man. Shelly the machine. Shelly the machine. American beauty 38, Braveheart 35. Office based 27, the Matrix 26. The usual suspects 23. I didn't, I better go take a puket that. Not a single boss G20. Gladiator 19, Groundhog Day 19. Casino 16. Chicago 16. Remember that song from Chicago? Which one? The one. Philan's. We've already. Christina Aguilera. Oh, a mole on Rith. She- Well, I'm originally. Requiem for Green 15. Power said the Caribbean 13. Tony Defts up for an Oscar by the way. We'll give you the Oscar nominees a little bit. I came out this morning. Anybody care? No. Well, why not. Terminator 2. We've got a dozen. Well, fight club 10. That's sad. Tommy Boy 9. Tommy Boy is serious? Tommy Boy is on there? Tommy Boy? You have to be joking me. That was a nut they called it. Beautiful mind 9. Bouging it's 9. Elec confidential 9. Enemy at the gates 9. As good as it gets 8. Magnolia had only 8. I can't believe it. Snatch had 7. Seven like snatch. Training day 7. Momento had 7. Falling down 7. Wouldn't that, uh, Michael Douglas? Yes. I'd like to see that. See this kid 5. Who's eating Gilbert's grapes 5? Train spotting. Head 4. And I love the way and this must be a Josh's fall. I can't play an error even if it's not this dumb. He has road to prediction. For road to prediction. Road to prediction. Josh is a little bit. I've never watched too many games. Or maybe playing too many. Road to prediction 4. Life of David Gale 4. Somebody faction said that was great. Uh, Beast is going to lend me his copy. Really? Yeah. Uh, Rounders 4. Monsters Balls 4. The player 3. Trim and show 3. Bob Roberts 3. The big hole in a 3. Two for face off legends of the fall. Arlington Road. Didn't you tell me I'd love Arlington Road? You would love Arlington Road. Blow 2. Or just one if you like. Cold Mountain had only 2. Which is amazing. And pay back 2. We have 2 movies on here didn't get any votes. Out of 123 votes. About Schmidt and Spun. Which means that the people of Colos and either didn't really mean it or they didn't have no PC. Right? Or they didn't care enough to vote. Or maybe maybe somebody down the block from them voted. Anyway, let's give the first pull off for today. And we're getting to the Oscar nomination. We got some votes from New Hampshire already. And I got a fax here. Somebody too in me. I'll tell me what to think and what to say. See, I find it amusing especially since it's unsigned and is very long fax. But it'll kill some good time anyway. I always love when people tell me how I should do this show. But what I should say. What to think? And I don't do that. I don't think what you like or not. I don't think well. Let's see about 80% of the audience likes Howard Deans. I'm going to cover up for Howard Deans. Yeah, I'm not going to do it. I'm just going to tell you what I think. And I still think my thinking today is no different from what it was yesterday. I don't think he can win. I don't think he can beat the bushmaster. And believe you may. I'm much, much more interested in beating the bushmaster than you could ever begin to believe. And so should most of you if you have an IQ larger than your thumbnail. Anyway, here's poll number one. Speaking of an IQ and don't let me get sidetracked on this religious stuff again because they get really nervous with that. But it just, you know, I sit, I sit on the throne. That's always a good place to think about religion because it's all on crap anyway. And I think about these idiotic things. How many times have I gotten that by beloved red that part from Genesis in a very beginning there? You know, and he created the larger light to rule the day and the lesser light to rule. And I mean in the sun in the moon, he created the stars also. Yeah. I mean, the writings of very primitive ignorant people who thought that the earth was flat and very teeny tiny. Only with that which they could see like, you know, with the naked eye. And superstitious mumbo jumbo people who wrote this, you know, five, six thousand years ago. Right. And who had no knowledge of science or any other damn thing? No, why it rained and have any clue. Every time it rained, it was an active God. God was crying. God was pissed off. God was having a risk breakdown. God was peeing. Whatever was going on. The nuns were bowling, which is why you know, was thundering up on top there up in the heaven. And, and all you have to do is read the first page and anybody with any kind of intelligence would take that book. And it would just smith can if either burn it or they'd like to tear it up or they'd stamp comedy book on a cover. You know, use it to roll joints like I did. We are used to use it to roll up a big fat one or maybe like just use it at the bottom of the bird cage. Just rip out the pages was side by each John 3 16 smoke. Really good. Anyway, here's the first poll today. If we find we're evidence of life on Mars, past or present, which we with a water, it's pretty definite. It'll prove and I got five choices for you. That all religions are man made vol Schmidt. That God gets around. That Luke Skywalker's alive on a red planet. That we don't know Schmidt or scientists are tools of the devil. Ooh, I like that one, Georgia. Did that one on there and how could I forget? It's the work of the devil. There's no such thing as all this billions of years old, and it's just the work of the devil. That's a shame. I think about it. I know that most of you won't because you're so incredibly brainwashed and you know, and it makes you, it's a feel good kind of thing. You know, God, this and God, that and people don't really die. They go to that big place in the sky or God forbid to purgatory even God forbid even worse. Down to that place below, you know. It burns. And that's why, like I said yesterday, the Europeans look upon Americans and their attitudes of our religion with their, their, their, their, their gas. They just can't believe it. They look upon it with just the score and ridicule an amazement and they're scared crapless of it. Be afraid. Because we know that we got, you know, we got the big bombs and we got some crazy people with their finger on it. Oh, David K has been making a rounds. He was on with BroCon and BC last night. Also on MSNBC this morning. And I guess he doesn't want to be like that doctor and England, you know, allegedly, who is brains out. No, seriously. So you're right. I didn't hear the NPR thing yesterday. So you kind of caught me off guard on that. But the fact is he's, you know, what do you expect him to say? He's started out by saying why very, very clearly that the Bush administration misled the public. And now he's saying, oh, the CIA owes the president of Apology and everybody else too because they screwed up. Well, you know, we between the lines. Plus let's say it again like that uranium from Niger that we knew was a lie a long time ago. And at October of 2002, they told the president that, you know, and the administration and it was totally a bull crab. We just fabricated horse crab. And in 2003 in January, instead of the union address, he talks about, you know, you're, you know, you're a man in Africa. Oh, guy. But it's just a long series of lies and there's some people that no matter what this president would say or any other president because of their political stupidity, they would believe the crap. And that's the problem with Americans. Most of Martin Telgenov to think they're just, it's the same with religion. Politics to them is just in the reform of religion. It's the same group. Well, I mean, that's a part of it too, but I'm saying whatever their politics is it becomes kind of like a religion like this facts, which I'll get to eventually. We got the Oscar nominations came out. Well, since we've been doing movies, I should have got the first 31 votes from New Hampshire, baby. Alright, they're coming in more countenance. Here's our first call line six QAM. Yes, sir. What, uh, just want to see what happened to old gold bean there. What do you mean what happened to them? He lost it, I think, mentally. He lost it. Are you picking on my good close friend, Dr. Dean? He's going to cut your supply off, man. He's cutting your pills off right now. You'll have to ask Wilma. Twelve minutes after ten at five, sixty WQM. Let me tell you right now if you wake up in a morning and not get in a good night sleep. You know what the problem probably is? It's your mattress, dummy. Remember that? Didn't you turn around on that? It's the mattress, dummy? Something like that. He ran over the mattress. He did a lot of things on it too. Anyway, if you'd like to get a good night sleep, not just tonight, but for months and years to come, you know what to do by now, because I've been doing it myself for years called dialometres. You can't get a better deal all the way around because dialometres has the top names in a business now. They're probably a bit of a bad idea. Stearns and fostered to their already unbeatable strong champine ship lineup. Stearns and fosters the finest mattress made in the country. Now you can sleep on one as soon as tonight. If you make the call right now, one 800 mattress. And of course dialometres carries all the other top names too. Seely, surva, Simmons, King Corlan, those amazing temper-peat mattresses too. Choose from dozens of models that low-unbeatable everyday discount prices, and still, they keep doing it only dialometres. To choose the two hour delivery window any day, seven days week, that meets your schedule from 8 in the morning all the way till 10 o'clock in night. They'll be there on time when you want them to, and it'll set up the brand new one take away the crappy old bedding. So with low prices, same day delivery, free setup and removal, it's easy for anyone to see why dialometres is the best in the world in customer satisfaction. Do the same thing that everybody if QM is doing all the smart folks are doing all over South Florida. Call 1800 mattress to get you a great night sleep for a long time to come. 1-800-M-A-T-T-R-E-S, or online its mattress.com. Or you're going to wait a minute. You don't want to head QM? I'm going to head QM. I'm going to head QM. I'm going to head QM. I'm going to head QM. I'm going to head QM. I'm going to head QM. New year. New year. New year. New year. New year. New year. New year. New year. New year. New year. New year. New year. New year. New year. New year. New year. New year. I got another choice for our pull. How about it proves nothing? Right if we find life on Mars, how's that? Okay? It'll prove nothing and that on their please Eric if you're listening if not that's okay Go ahead another sandwich They're now saying the you know these spin mysters They're saying that the Dean's scream Actually Has created a backlash because the media's played it so many times and now there are people are gonna vote for him just because so they think it's like piling on you know Yeah, so Maybe a baby's screaming his way back into the race and again everybody forgets the fact if you can just kind of I know it's not easy Just be a little bit more objective and a little less emotional see that's a problem people get too emotional And realize that he lost an Iowa battling I realized Iowa is hardly any example of the rest of the country but certainly neither was new Hampshire I mean Dix notch Make your part of the video Well whatever it's called Dix Dig any oh purple You seem Dix notch Oh I've seen Dix crotch Anyway, we'll get a perfect moment here. We can pack to Dix crotch in a minute But but he lost badly in Iowa He was supposed to be the front ladder and you know and like everybody says you can whip people up and get him all enthusiastic But you see this traditionally to begin people have very short memories and we're Paul Songus rest in peace. Oh God Right another jolly brim in okay? I'm very remember Kathy cannon. He was just on this morning again, which we like a better than we used to Even he's heard the scene pretty moderate compared to this crowd. Oh, he's actually conservative not a Evil can serve it in a neo-Kan Nazi right and a lot of other people who like had big and remember John McCain sure So all these early Caucasus and primaries these new Caucasus They know always mean crap, but it's something to talk about this a lot of fun This year it's a little bit more than fun. So look a more serious than that when you all agreed More serious except those who don't care about it. We're about the Oscar nominations. Okay And out this morning Lord of the Rings Leeds all movies return to the king with eleven master and commander the far side of the world got ten now you don't even know what that is No, is Josh going with that is no Master and commander the far side of the world I think it has something to do with Uranus. I've never heard of that. I'm gonna Scott look down nominations Well somebody will know nominees for best picture here you go Lord of the Rings return to the king show me your thing Boston translation Masterman commander the far side of the world there it is again Mystic river and sea biscuit now that really makes me want it cry And I'm sure many people did cry watching at movies one of those real tear jerkers I guess no one is for best actor Johnny Depp for power to the court care be in curse of the black pearl Vend Kingsley for the house of sand and fog Jude law cold mountain which not too many people in this crowd like cold mountain Only got two votes for best at last 13 years Jude law I like him though Bill Murray lost in translation and Sean Penn for mr. griver who's one of the great underrated actors of our time is great Yes, yes, and he's also become like good political activists too as opposed to just the scumbag The only reason he used to be a scumbag is because he was hanging out with Madonna I was just gonna say and that of course is prerequisite if you're gonna hang out with Madonna You gotta be a scumbag because she brews off on you. It's like if you hang out with jail or you gotta be a fag The nominees for best act well, it's true, isn't it? Asked pop Danny. I don't know if you're bringing back reges and who wants to be a multimedia nerd You see that and it price is gonna be 10 million now and then of course if that doesn't go over for ABC It'll be a hundred million and then they're gonna give the whole goddamn network to see if they get some numbers Maybe we ought to try it the nominees for best act was our k-chart cast on who a he was for whale rider or is that a movie about screw-in? I saw that was it in good if you like Wales little Maori girls from New Zealand I'm gonna say whale movie I'll stick with mobile dick Diane Keaton something's gotta give love Diane Keaton. She ain't no buster Keaton is she related to buster Keaton? Yes Really? Yes, and it until this moment and never even crossed my mind And of course we love her from the godfather Diane Keaton Remember that I don't think you put it friends all over the United States Well, I don't have anything that she's not have anything that she said that we have no quotes We do we do have Take the can only Samantha Morton for in America Charlesteroen which we love her monster she had a tear-away blast and it looked like they were trying to do it and I only watched from 21 grams What is that about I Don't know sounds like a drug movie to me and anyway the nominees for best supporting actor Alex Baldwin the cooler Benicio del Toro 21 grams. Oh like I said it sounds like what I'm importing a lot of illegal a drug stuff kind of stuff movies G-man hunsu for in America Tim Robbins, Mr. Gribert and Ken wannabe. I mean what I know what to know I'll be last samurai How many's for best supporting actress why are these all these names on here that nobody can pronounce even what's your name at bubblehead on seeing in this morning So they died best nominees for supporting actress are sure hey Agdush Lou for hustle to say in five Patricia Clarkson pieces of April Marsha Gay Harden, Mr. Gribert, Holly Hunter for 13 and Renee Zellweger for cold mountain And then amount nominees for best director are Fernando Merellez for city of God Peter Jackson who needs to get a better tailor Yeah, barberslaw he was he's a slob man. Oh man. I mean Michael more can be a slob because we like him But Peter Jackson in the middle of all those really well dressed to the you know, I mean and you come out like a slob like that I think it's looker Lord of the Rings return the king so via copolyne. I want to correct by so yesterday I said she didn't win she did win two whatever the golden globes Tiederman when I saw whatever that one was for but she won two of them one four best denose Best comedy and best screenplay, okay, are we correct enough? Sophia Copola lost in translation Peter wear master commander the far side of the world which was still trying to figure out Yeah, it's a Russell Crow movie about Fighting Napoleon on the ocean who told you that? I'm just looked it up. Oh and Clint Eastwood for Mr. Gribert How all the sudden after all these years penn Eastwood spoke very clearly and it was very articulately other than I what's that all about? I don't always sounded like really incoherent maybe maybe rush to his supplier something And let's see is there anything else that we need to know Oh, there's also a an honorary Oscar career achievement director Blake Edwards who films include breakfast activities Victor Victoria days of swine and roses and the pink Panther I will get an honorary Oscar for career achievement Academy Awards February 29th from the co-dath theater in Hollywood, California Billy Crystal returns his host to the show nobody don't like Billy Crystal right right He hesitated a little bit there. I was belching You know anybody who does like the lechrist of no I don't because if we find somebody who don't like Billy Crystal Or it was shoot them right through the heart Well, they wouldn't have one. He never stole it. Okay decision day in New Hampshire are you pumped up about the primary something to get excited about think your teeth and do right Press keep in mind that there gonna be a lot of independence in Republicans voting to screw it up as best they can right because anybody in New Hampshire who's a registered voter can vote party crashes What's I think is a clock a crap my show Well, what's the point of having a democratic primary to decide who you're gonna run for president and have it a bunch of Republicans getting a stick in your finger in there Probably trying to vote for whoever the things gonna be the easiest for Bush to beat say goes at all the rest of it That's what I would do if I were a Republican in New Hampshire I do you go out there voting for like due leberman like you said about the national primaries and the electoral college This is all a part of it. Although, you know, I may be rethinking that you want to know why why I'm not saying that we ought to have like this long Process that goes on for months, but maybe like regional primaries over a period of a couple of months because this This system that we have now at least allows people to see the candidates under fire and examine their pimples and warts You know what I'm saying? Why not put them under fire and then have a national primary Yeah, I see we love it and I was gonna examine your Mental capacity and how they stand up under the stress of campaigning and it tends to like Examinal and the more hoggly their wife is She is taught me scut would be to say that would be an insult to all the miscites of the world, you know But seriously, she is gruesome. How do you spell that? Bug off 85 votes in our Martian pool If we find real evidence of life on Mars past your present it will prove that all religions are man made bullshit 36 out of 85 votes Then we don't know Schmidt 21 Scientists are the tools of the devil 12 Love it makes you want a screen The god gets around eight remember that beat boys song he wrote it Nothing improves nothing seven and Luke Skywalker is alive on a red planet one and He smashed up his butt you see that remains of that vet. No That was one the pictures we got back. It was a candy apple right. That's why the whole surface was red Now I'm getting some good Light yellow though. Oh, I guess I guess what's the dark wing is gone? That's the end of right starts It starts clearing up. It starts lightening up a little bit 27 past 10 if you'd like to lighten up a little bit how about balance for life? What a segue? How was that pretty good or what? If you're tired of all these other diets like the South Beach diet was just a rip off of the ackeens and All the other things that you have to worry about what you shop for much eating rest from Here's the easy way to do it. Color good friends at balance for life because they take away all the guesswork all the is slup and in shopping No calorie counting no carbohydrate counting no figuring about that complicated zone diet They do all of that work for you. It's based on a glycemic value of carbs in your food and they put together delicious fresh meals and they put them in little black sack that deliver right to your door by six every morning In your black sack is playing delicious fresh food to keep you happy all day long You won't have to like be eaten in between meals and cheating because like I said you'll be happy camper You get to choose what you're gonna get in that sack too Because every week they send you menu you facts if back you have two choices for each meal Everybody did it trying to balance for life program. The lovely Katrina's lost 17 pounds. She's loving it She's doing it very enthusiastically and you will too because the life these other diets You know, we have to figure out what am I gonna buy what am I gonna eat? They do all the figuring for you call balance for life right now. Make your New Year's resolution come true this year call nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine nine five Four five six eight thirty two twenty nine or check them on the worldwide wicked web at balance for life.com In theaters now Lord of the onion rings you're a fat idiot give it some food I'm on food cheeseburger pizza onion rings Loneliness and cheeseburger their ad dangerous mix I think audience can be a child he's bad stupid Lord of the onion rings good friend is morbidly obese and do it on you on against too much weight Richard Simmons comes from our friend Can I can I show you a little magic? We're gonna South Carolina and Oklahoma and Arizona and North Dakota and New Mexico We're gonna California and Texas in the yard. We're gonna South Dakota and Oregon and Washington and Michigan And then we're gonna Washington you see to take back the way else You like 32 of five sixty wq a.m. you are spending surges to historic level somebody just backs this in good point in here This is from the Christian science monitor about how the Bush administration and Congress are spending money like drunk and sailors now and We're just we're gonna have these gigantic unbelievable budget deficit It's an interesting line in here the Republican party is simply not interested in small government now says Brian Reidel a Budget analyst of the Heritage Foundation a conservative thing tank to say they really say right wing extremist group It says they're worse than the Democrats they be placed. How do you like that? Wow, so all of these people whose whole there's a big thing one of their big things over the years besides hating facts and Jews is been You know fiscal restraint and that the Democrats are the big spenders and all of a sudden crap. I'm just gonna talk to him Not anymore Paul say Massachusetts entered John Kerry's in front but now we actually have some votes to count you ready 31 votes Okay, guess who's leading already told you yeah general Clark Isn't the lead? We've got the votes from the tiny towns of Vicksville, March and Hearts location to Hampshire Where midnight voting is through tradition they open up the polls there in midnight and a bunch of stragglers come in Drunks it's not like any world's in the nation not really it says in Dicksville, March each of the 23 registered voters has his or her own voting booth and Extravagance the town does mind as it hangs onto what status for 40 years of being the first donation to report primary results Not exciting What else are they gonna do they gotta do something? Yeah Clark was the only one who made your candidates to visit Dicksville not in hearts location both known for their own take on things and obviously paid big dividends because The results from both towns early they show 14 votes for general Clark a for John Kerry for for governor Howard Dean For for a senator Edward's in one for Connecticut senator Jew Leaverman he's off to a slow start as expected He's only got one So they're your first tabulation to this pretty damn excited the polls they'll go stay open to lead to clock tonight Now what's the deal are they gonna do the exit pulling or what you know the gunna? No, I don't know me now, but are they gonna report it earlier? Oh, I have this suspense kickin in I don't know because I have a feeling in like five seconds past eight They're gonna come on breathlessly and they're gonna go. Oh, but I beat better open here's how came out I think there's a few people paying attention how are Dean by the way's pissed off Last is out at a cyber smear campaign or what he calls it anyways is the newer post today For more governor Howard Dean charge yesterday that on name depotman said on least a war of dirty tricks to try to stop him including a forced anti gay email Dean age at least 18 pages of documents. They said proven and organized attempted to discredit the ex- Vermont governor Turnoff his supporters the day before the primary vote here Dean refused to say who he thought was behind the smear It's really unfortunate to have these kinds of politics, but I don't know what this point where it's coming from he said They're dirty Chris include a bogus email that appears as if it were from Joe Trippie who's Dean's campaign manager The email encourages people to apply for an internship with a campaign but ones that gaze should not apply How do you like that? He says I think the campaigns that are doing it ought to stop Carrey spokeswoman Stephanie Cudder denied that the carry campaign was involved these are the same rumors that Howard Dean and his campaign spread before I always she said that somebody was trying to smear them, you know Good work didn't work in Iowa so anyway, let's get to this fact shall we okay? This probably will take more than two three hours First house that first pull coming along Something I really think about even almost of you won't because it's much more comfortable to sit back and I said for all the brainwashing from your youth just like Santa Claus in the tooth curry Oh, yeah, that makes me more comfortable and he'll make me uncomfortable when he talks about this crap. Yeah, yeah I mean how to help can you expect to change anything in a world not that this show is gonna do it We're here by the way for entertainment purposes only please for this person this unenpersonous fact I'm gonna get to But I mean Jesus use your brain a little bit once tomorrow. Can you? 134 votes if we find real evidence of life on Mars past a present little prove that all religions are manmade Volschmet 55 that's 41% out of 134 41% that we don't know Schmidt 35 So between those two you got like 67% two turds It'll prove nothing 16 that scientists are the tools of the devil 15 11% Maybe they're just having a good time God gets around 11 and why they'll not Maybe he's tired of us and Luke Skywalker's alive and well on the red planet appear appear for Luke A pair of beautiful 60 generation corvettes. You're gonna get one oh, yeah, I'm not Anyway, here's a facts with all the respect that I since and I'm not gonna be this whole thing it's too long And I sincerely mean that even though I didn't sign this fact It's not tried. I think you have the Howard Dean thing all wrong I see was a radio savant as opposed to idiots savant but you're not analyzing the Dean thing correctly I think Georgia reason they say always have to like sticky winners kind of a dog for me in there Yeah, a quite frankly out of any care what a Georgia grease with you or not or with me or anybody else He's in total his opinion The least electable of the four finalists is one John Kerry not Howard Do you know I'm pretty sure is the most electable? Well, I'm delighted that this unnamed facts are is most sure to make you feel better Oh, sure one on allow me to explain John Kerry's the traditional old style or he's your liberal I love that word, but I you know it doesn't play right now because it's been savage that they loved to run against Yeah, like John Kennedy They're gonna say he's too eloof. He's so boring. He's so French looking. What about that here? He's far more susceptible to the mighty world-cer Whatever it'll allow. What does that mean? I don't know. I don't either anyway Go John and go Zion about Dean gave it tremendous speech and he saw him on C-span Saturday night and the first time I ever saw him other than the soundbite I was jumping out of my chair. He delivered and strong measured tones no shouting no screaming And the crowd was going nuts and it wasn't just his crowd. It was speaking at a democratic dinner. Yeah, this is all well and good This is all well and good, but that doesn't make him electable The fact that somebody gets you all fired up in the whipped up into a frenzy doesn't Michael more could do the same I love Michael more. I don't this like Howard Dean. I don't think he's even close to being electable Anyway, go Zion and here's what I love. It says here's where I'm gonna get in trouble with you in your right You who hate the modern media so much fall right in line with their way of thinking instead of sticking it up their ass Why his speech was outrageous? That's what it says. Why his speech was outrageous? How can we trust his man with his finger on a button? Give me an if and break a few can break it was a goddamn pepper. I'm gonna give you a website you can go to so you can watch it in real time Like I need to see it again. Many rights on the side of the page. He adds on to this I feel like I'm listening to Rush or O'Reilly or Tim Russell to Wolf Let's greek not Neil God As if as if somehow I can be pigeonholed or cornhold into a position just because of the fact that I'm to elect of it till the Bahund and I'm totally and hysterically opposed to these Nazis that have taken over the country by hooking by crook You know, so therefore I'm predictable. I don't want to be predictable. I want to give you opinions the way I see it Not because see this is why that old fashion talk radio went down the tubes Went down a crap or there's number one. It's boring a number two. It's so predictable. You know just like that can try to conquer as you would Mr. Eagle The left against the right they're right against the left. You know it's much boring And if you're not thinking enough of a person to be able to analyze things individually on their own merit Then you shouldn't be sending me unsigned taxes in the first place so ever had you are But thank you so much for your unsolicited advice and it's in the circular file already. Thank you He ain't elective. Okay. That's my opinion. I could be wrong and if he wins an nomination I sure hope I'm wrong and I'll vote from 34 times 40 50 times But I don't think he can win it. I mean if he you see when you give the opposition whether it's your own party or In November when you give the opposition enough rope to hang you 45 times it's probably not a very good idea catch my drift No, what do you say? I'll catch it. I'll swing it your direction 20 to 11 at 5 60 QA Oh If you're taking your vacation in the middle east this summer don't miss the new Arraying an amusement park six turbines over terror on at six turbines You can go on a full-scale iracatat So for through a sky jet or ride the I-O-T-O The 200 lily and hour roller coaster that changes directions for no apparent reason test your terrorism skills on the midway More of an actual bus full of people at Brunei long visit the flight-delation station and whack yourself on the head 12 times for just a buck Then tap your toes to the gyms of third-world country music biggest stars like you mini-parallel See your appetite for the school salad rusting try it on a vehicle get ready for 424 days of drills and kills Visit six turbines over terror little scare a sea icon Amen 1045 we're gonna change a pool at 11 o'clock. I think we're gonna get enough We'll have the data that we need from this first one in the first hour. I don't you think sure one up I mean, it's not like they're really gonna think about this very much Are they oh no, because there's nobody nobody nobody in the media is gonna Present this question and make them out the public pond or this you're funny. I mean, that would be bad That would be like just non-septable bold and brave and some of the sponsors might get pissed off and canceled because you can't challenge God He can't tell a talent's mainstream religion Now they're shocked to where in Well, I don't want to get into it. See it's all about head gear like I told you before Yeah, the battle of the head gear 182 votes if we find evidence of life on Mars past or present it'll prove that All religions are man made bullsmith 71 39 percent or there's a limel tape he's out Look out now That we don't know Schmidt 45 Nothing it'll prove nothing 29 well, I mean, how can you I mean I put that on there because I knew some people would believe that Maybe that's their way of making themselves feel more comfortable. Well, what is that prove? Maybe Maybe there's a separate God from ours Yeah, or maybe there's a separate Bible from ours right? Well, what's that pitch? Maybe I like that better I mean, don't we have the greater light to rule the day in the lesser light to rule the night right? God gets around 17 Scientists are the tools of the devil set us 17 who are ver and those people who say that are very concerned about those tools Especially other people's tools are devilish and Luke Skywalker is still alive on a red planet three out of a hundred eight two votes So a lot of the clock will change. It will do what we do on primary day now the Florida primary is not so March 9 the presidential Perference primary the sexual preference primary on March 9 So we got a long way to go we can have a lot of fun between now and and oh getting people all been out of shape like that Factor anonymous What's your choice in the new hamster's primary today who you're yanketed for okay? Dean Carrey Edwards Clark who's in its leader min sharpden. I don't care on for bush or I don't care it's all bullshit I think I covered all the bases there very nicely right is it that we've anything out Linda Lerish Lyndon Johnson Got them all in there Dean Carrey Edwards Clark who's in its leader min sharp. You know They they talked to one of the no hamster people how many people in Newham Fuck third man. The cock to one on the street yesterday in the guy I said you know he said I really love kusinich and I think he's by far in a way the best candidate makes the most sense And he says all the things I agree with and they said you're gonna vote for him. He said no. He has got any chance to win And that that that sums him up very well. He didn't mention the bad hairpiece. I think he was trying to be kind All the bastards like me and you talk about bad hairpieces Good ones let's say here you go. Here's the fact it says signs of the times is if pro is the opposite of con And what is the opposite of progress Congress? Couple of these are key. Wow. Why did you fast this to me? Couple of you beauty is only a light switch away. That's what Sofia Coppola says and also a Judy Dean Dr. Judy Dean Says that she has a Shayna point him fighting. No, she does not fighting for peace is if like See this isn't even written writing your faxings is like screwing for virginity That's not bad If voting could really change things it would be illegal and my personal favorites has this Factor a woman's rule of thumb if if it has tires or testicles you're gonna have trouble with it That's got a cute 560 pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon Marlis line Spend so many years since we had a those good religions call in and get explained to us about how Um, all these ignorant people wrote that crap that they're using the Christians based their whole lives on and are killing each other over every day I don't I don't see anybody call into a splint of to me 5670560 because we're not building a list you see any one of these pools So I got a whole stack full of stuff here today. It might be one of those reading days. You know for my voice is back For some strange reason yesterday and today the first 15 20 minutes I get like I guess all that flim is like coming on Yeah, like puking it out. I go through a big shower per every morning when I'm feeling like this What does that mean? I like that's I make it a concerted effort to get all the flim out while I'm in there with a hot waiting shower I hate to break the news to you, but like my mother would say sometimes doesn't all come out Oh no, I know so no It doesn't it doesn't work on coming I can all day long sometimes. WQAM Yes, this is a new rod is on the air, right? Yes, all right. I don't want to talk to anything But I just wanted to explain to him the title 51 grams. Yes, that's the amount of weight 21 21 grams. What is it? Is it 51 or what is it 21 21 is the amount of weight Loist at the time of death that's what it means. Oh, is that what that's about that's the most of body weight at the moment of death? Well now we know thanks okay on have a great day fun How do you like that? I know is that a tell of the Huh five six seven oh five sixty. Well, no, now we know what that was because it was kind of a strange Indian the amount of weight lost at the time of death Is that because you come out? Oh, God Oh, judge challenges the paper that you saw that. I'm sure. No Did not see that no tell or something about news He says there's three more dead American soldiers in Iraq that nobody wants to talk about See this I I don't want to get moblin here because we're an entertainment show we're supposed to be yucking it up But I don't I don't get you people I don't understand how many what is there a magic number that we have to reach before to cover that start saying you know This is starting to piss me off a little bit, you know It is starting to frost my ass. They'll get stuck in common sacrifice one at a time just like a Vietnam man Wow, the media so blassey about well three more here and then over the weekend five over there and two or three over here and uh It's just like we have set this crap like this makes some sense like there's some of me and then they're talking about when you know wouldn't be surprised anybody Even David K said this is who's now backtracking because he doesn't want to pull it in the head Even David K said the other day that it wouldn't surprise him at all if there's a wild Civil War in Iraq before this is all over Oh, you see there's massive unrest you've got all these crazy religious sects and it may just be that democracy ain't gonna work over there It catch my drift on that we really want democracy anyway, but it sounds good Anyway, a federal judge has declared Unconstitutional a portion of the USA Patriot act that bars giving expert advice or assistance to groups designated for Interest organizations He said the only person who can call himself a member of an organization is a hockey player The ruling march the first court decision to declare part of the post 911 anti-terrorism statute Unconstitutional said David Cole a Georgetown University law professor who argued the case in behalf of the Humanitarian Law Project And the ruling handed down late Friday made available yesterday US District Judge Audrey Collins said the van I'm providing expert advice or assistance is infirmishably vague in violation of the first and fifth amendments The ruling is a setback for the government, but it's a problem that Congress can fix by simply Bevising the Patriot act to make more clear what is permissible expert advice and what is not and truthfully This is precisely the sort of problem should have been flagged by the law as before the act was passed in sign it lost at CBS news legal Analyst Andrew Cohen good Jewish boy. Oh John Tyler. I'll remember him to be canoe and Tyler too. Sure. I voted for them the justice department attorney argued the case had no comment referred Cost of the department press office in Washington So least there's nothing like a little tiny bits a little bit here a little bit there As we try desperately to hang on a little bit of democracy here, but I thought most of it works for me to Iraq That's why we can't have it in both places at the same time, can you see that's the problem? Who's turn is it to have it? Should we put that on a on a pull At least on a ballot when you go to vote this in November in the presidential election should we keep democracy in America or what's left of it or should we export all of it to Iraq You can't have both If we find real evidence of life on Mars pastor present it'll prove 213 votes 83 of you said that all religions are man made bullshit 38.9% which of course is the correct answer That we don't know Schmidt 53 It'll prove nothing 37 that God gets around 19. I'm what if God drives a Corvette you think? I guess God drives whatever he wants to on whatever day he feels like it right cattle like I would imagine a Big older rano how big a big civil how about the big yellow civils like that pimple wheel that Stanley Home and grab a WINZ P green scientist are the tools of the devil 18 8.1% You say that and Luke Skywalker is alive on a red planet say four on a 121 vote WQAM hello Good morning, yes, sir I want to talk about the Mel Gibson issue So Mel judge so Reverend Jones the movie Scraver Jones Reverend Jones Car and Jones 560560 pound and there's not one call on the board. See this we're not building a list. That's okay I like hearing from Reverend Joe Steven though you hear him like poison he muses me on occasion like today was good Was it no? Why do you say that? You're a hard ass man. You're a lava eaten. Grave 11 hard ass spick. What's your point? Wouldn't surprise me if you looked with the body of cita crews? I mean what could you do to her worst and what you already done to pour Sillia? I could think of some things. Hey Sillia. I'd like to see you in a box In a cryptic fashion What was that oh my god can you still hear me? Yeah? That was a scary sound and pot wow the power I think I think we got problems But I know I cuz the back of power just came on Although everything else is on but my TV went out. I think the cable went out Let me just see let me see if my cable's gonna come back on my TV is on which I guess must be playing that I think we got service baby So you gotta get prepared to do the rest because this only lasts a half an hour Oh, how can I beat because my lights are on what what just happened there? I guess a glitch You hear that deep in deep in there. Right? So I guess the deal is everything else is plugged in the auxiliary powers they say right? But not this lamp does lamp can possibly be the other light all the other lights are in here off So evidently we're having like a power figure here in T.O. Oh no. Oh yes Talks so that means like in about 25 minutes. It's gonna be five by five Will that be great? No, you're gonna get George today folks All right You hear the beepie. Yeah, I do can you hear it in the background? I love that that's like the sign from the red planet. I think it's coming in from So keep it keep your eye on the on the clock on a wall. Okay, cuz I would say about like 10 20 maybe 10 25. That's when I'm gonna lose a power here cuz this is only a half hour backup thing And then it's gonna be out and at that point you'll be having a great time great But hey listen almost have to show it. I wouldn't be too bad right some music Then I can go have some nice team. Nice cup of tea relax it back listen to you Structing through the show. I mean having a good time. You got the second pull. That's gonna go up there to minute anyway Well, what's not to like? I will scrap it and build something that was amazing the way that just all went out like that just How come this lamp though is still on there's one lamp that's on and it's not plugged in the I don't get that Maybe the power is actually back on. No, it's not I Hate to break the news. Yeah, no, that sounds like wishful thinking on your part But yeah, see as long as that thing keeps beeping that means that the emergency powers on a backup supply and it means they're sclerly Trust me necessarily. 1056 if QA and we're out of business Who's gonna get ready to blow and no a word from Howard Dean's wife Hi, tell other Contact our Julius Steinberg quite but presidential candidate Howard Dean you can call me Judy now judge Judy That's the different meat cut people want to know why I'm hardly ever on campaign trail with how he paid Did you get a good look at me in Iowa? I scared a crap out of myself I make proud that this and I look like a shane of pull them Stop me if I'm bombarding you with too much. Yeah, they're sure anyway. How he says after I showed up his numbers drop it No, I say that's a bunch of Michigan for those of you who don't the capista here This that means crap how is a good guy though? He's what you might call a loose cannon. He's got a pretty bad temper on him I remember one time on the right kids left the cap off of the toothpaste I thought he was gonna blow a gasket the veins popped out in his head and that white spit strings What born in the corners of his mouth the end macho. I spent 23 years with this shagots Most of the time he's a mench but on occasion I hate him. I think my husband how he would make for a very good president One of the things I'm a little peo about is that how he doesn't let us have a TV I've got a watch section in the city. I got a shut down to campaign headquarters Or to the croggers to watch on some tiny black and white sets I have never seen any program in color. So I know Jackie Kennedy Hell if you look at me. I'm no Ted Kennedy. I don't learn makeup. I'm like a whisker away from being amish Don't expect to see much more of me during the campaign The only reason I'm addressing you today is because I was able to chew through my restraints Anyway, Gazagazunt that's here this for that to do this thing. But it's over and out people are by the committee to elect John Kerry President. Okay, 11.01. I better talk faster Because it about 1120. It's gonna be by by unless the power comes back on eyed This could be a bullet. We could be breaking the news all across America right now. What's that? You want to know why? Why? Remember last August Yeah When the power went out all over the northeast including here. Mm-hmm. That's right. I guess what I'm looking out my window Is the traffic light working? No, no. I'm looking at the buildings across the street in a signs on any electricity over there No, this could be another massive power black out in the whole north east I'm just I might be not maybe just here in Toronto. I don't know It's the winter because their massive storms we got snow up the ass here in New York Expecting 10 to 12 inches and some snow tonight too So this could be another like who knows? I don't want to get people nervous or anything like that The only problem with that is boys. This is gonna be boring or what? I might have to have tubing pots of pasta today You're right me because there's no TV right? You're watching out and today was gonna be today was gonna watch South Park the movie odd damn it damn it Let me ask you a question. Yes. Do you have non-electrokey backup kind of a thing? Yes? Are you like a carousine? Thing or something that he will knock a wall here. All right. They have like generators in my building I see so there's like lights in a hall that stay on like but not inside the apartments, but they will stay on in a building You're getting a freeze. I'm not not gonna freeze. Don't you understand? They got generators. Thank the Lord. Okay. Thank God. Oh, God. Right the Lord is looking over my ass And he doesn't like what he sees either. It's not a pretty sign So what the John shall have to do is like if we won't when we will go off. I'm it's not a question of if it's just a question of when yeah Because this thing only lasts about a half an hour Hell, I just have to keep it in queue and if I some miracle the power comes back on I'll keep the car rushing in here say hey guess what here I am and then you need to give it back to me or if you're having such a good time You can see What will keep the pot? This is has this ever happened before? No, no But now could you actually hear when I would like when I giant sucking sound when a power went out? It was a big pop sound Yeah, big like just like that and you hear the sirens out there now. Oh look at that There's a red flashing lights pretty red lights And everybody is peeing in their pants now. Maybe just maybe there was an accident you see what I'm saying and maybe somebody like knocked down some power lines You think that's plausible. No, yeah, that's fantasized. It's possible Because I mean to snug this snow and ice and it's nasty and brutal and things like that But on the other hand it could be another one of them roundouts. Oh no We better take couple of calls here real quick before we lose the power. Nobody QA and hello Yeah, sir. Hi, please don't go anywhere. We hate your choice like poison. Do you? How about if I do the rest of the show on the phone? How would that be? Oh, that'd be awesome man Okay, we'll give it some considerations here. I got myself on yeah. How would that be? That would sound terrible wouldn't it? Yeah, to we try Go for it. How about if I call let me during a break when I'm gonna do cuz we'll still be on after this next break What I'll do is go on the other one grab my cell phone and then I'll call on a bat line and then you can punch it up All right, and we can can fabulous on a bat line sounds fun. Well, I know We don't know if it sounds fine or not panel wants extension on report I just want to get some of these things in here because you know, I'm gonna be gone Oh, I sure hope it's not one of those 24 hour 40-year-doh or brownouts and blackouts I don't want to be doing it especially. I mean in this weather Yeah, it's obvious you can go walking outside walking millenor mountains in all the people You know nobody getting a friend of curing anything like that But now I mean you don't want to go outside with the electric on it's bad I think it's an active guy myself. Yeah, he's pissed off at that first question on our pool Here's the second one now who's your choice thing to hamster primary today? It's very very important isn't it? 22 votes I don't care it's all bullshit 7 there you go. It's all bullshit Carry six. I don't care. I'm per bush three who sent it to Clark to Edwards one Dean one leave room and none in Charpen. Now. How is that possible? You think the Dean people are left me as I wanted this? I don't know I think that could be I think the Dean supporters have gotten pissed off at me now Because I've been playing that stuff and of course everybody else has been playing the two And it just depend my ass Oh gee you're not being fair to Dr. Dean. I don't know because how could he have only one out of the first 22 votes unless Unless the audience agrees with me George that maybe he just is unlectable at this point in a while Worcesters time you know we like the amount audience will agree with you no matter what That's not true that is not true that's bull crab Like on a movies Magnoid you got eight eight boys music and movies. They know your taste No, that's not true other not the movie music yes movies no Thank God for this one little clock over here and I guess I got my watch. Oh my watch went out. Uh-oh W to QM hello I did for a future poll. Yes, sir. It's a yes or no answer. Okay. Do you happen to have an extra horrendous horror story to share about Py America financial services I love that that may have been the best call here still January I was cool obviously the guys pissed off and farted right well good for him. I shot pal I have it up PSWQAM hello Yes, sir. Hey, how's it going? It's going okay. Wish the lights would come back on though No, I was an adventure man because The something that people don't notice man is that You're however an American because you always bring the politics of what's going on and you always mentioning our troops which Which people don't do that yeah, so I guess most people figure the troops are disposable or something. I don't know dispensable whatever Oh, it's so sad you know because the truth is you know that there you turn your left I was in the military you're turning your left and the guys just as funny as you are you know and then you turn to the right Those are the guys just you know better friend and then just and I'll just be far gone down and and you know Bush won't even Take his head on a camera and you know and say yeah So I did so sad you know Roger you won't even go to the funerals. Well take care Okay, you two palin well there's somebody of military guy which we thank him for a service And you know I see the bush might do plays the good game. He plays amateur a soldier even of course he was a wall But the fact that matter is that he doesn't give a flying crap That's why the veterans benefits are being cut and veterans who are coming back alive and I We'll want to say one piece but most of one piece from Iraq They're having a whole the time You know collecting their benefits because this government wants to screw over all of our veterans everybody just use you use you abuse And discard you So that the big tell people all his other good friends and big business Halibut and all these folks can make the big billions of dollars. That's why the whole maristing is going down because number one looks very Presidential looks like we've got that vision thing that is father like you know you didn't have that vision thing Who's your choice you know hand-fruits primary did they here we go now we're off to other races 48 votes carry 15 I don't care it's all bullshit 10 I don't care on for bush six Who's in it's for Clark for Dean oh I just change again. Damn it. What you hate that? Hey 70 votes carry 24 I don't care it's all bullshit 13 Dean 12 see the Dean people are coming in now I don't care for bush nine Clark six Edward six sharpened four percentage four and Julie women is God oh None Boy talk about a Shayna put him he should all have a clown he could be he could be pizzer to clown Just put a little red nose on him can't you pick you that? I'm picturing it now whining clown and independent commission investigating that I'd love an attack say at 10th Finish it's five or report before late July putting it in odds with house leaders who opposed the lady They would push the reports release closely no member election The 10 member oh a blinding you talk about playing politics with Americans lives and realizes people all over the world This is such a disgrace man you bush people you ought to like hide your heads and you ought to go into that spider hole or Sodom was hiding the 10 member by partisan national commission on terrorists attacks upon the US Agreed yesterday to request an extension from Congress of at least two months past the May 27 deadline even though the Bush administration and congressional leaders To just a delay was unlikely. I watched it there be any deadline on this right right right I mean if we really if our goal really is to get to the bottom of the matter and get and find the facts in the truth and get to the American public and arrest of the world I wish it to be any deadline on something of this earthshaking importance should there be a deadline? No, shut up god damn it. Yeah, that's right. I can too much sense now Well, this is let me say it again. We got about ten minutes to go in and I'll try the thing with a phone during the break shall I do that? Yeah We'll give it a shot ten minutes after 11 at five sixty wqm. It's the last mortgage you'll ever need it's the only one mortgage from Financial group the benefits are incredible you pay zero closing cost zero application fee zero credit bureau fee zero discounted points get you something new low interest rate of just One point 25 percent if you have a hundred thousand dollar loan your payments are a mirror three hundred and thirty four bucks a month If you have a two hundred thousand dollar loan you pay only sixty eight a month and don't forget once you be Finance or get you in a whole mortgage from financial group you'll never ever pay closing cost again So call full free to get all the facts on this call 1-800 nine four o'lend get the low rate mortgage You deserve and then move to your next property without any further cost of expense. You can't feed it Do you pay zero underwriting fees zero dot fees zero closing cost even when you move to another property Get the new low financing rate of just one point 25 percent the only one mortgage from financial group for the tails call 1-800 9-4-0-n that's 1-800-9-4-0-n-d and never pay closing cost again financial group 1-800-9-4-0-n The sequel housing under restrictions apply rates up to change monthly four point two one APS Do you have a green card? No, do you have working papers? No, do you have a visa? No, drivers license. No, security card. No, I agree card. No, I'm a pass. No, you see pass. No, we're certificate. No, Mr. Card. No, I'm a Snuggers club. No, do you want a pair of gloves? See a hat. See a rake. See as trimmer. See it's trimmer. See as powerly floor team. One more team. Then we can help. See We're in the United States government and we don't care if you're here illegally because we want you to work 17 hour days for virtually no pay Wow lazy Americans lay on a couch and collect welfare. It's the American dream. I love to recall for no money and even the box under the bridge paid for by the committee to re-elect yours push. Okay, let me answer this did you Pick up the phone. I didn't it Josh pick up the phone. It didn't ring didn't ring. It didn't ring nope The bat line did not ring Okay, I'll go. Yeah, huh? Do you even have your fast me the number I should be called. I don't want to put it on the ear than the work that it'll be called the bat line Do you have five? Yeah Yeah, I'll pack said. Oh, I know what it is. I'm down the row number. Well, maybe that's intentional Maybe I don't want to do the rest of this show on a phone. I don't want to do the rest of the show on the phone That's it. I was down on one of well one digits should make any difference in it Shouldn't but it does Okay, should be bringing any second. I will give it a try. I just figured out I'm a genius And if I would talk my TV and elect the power supply power Yeah, but then I could see what hell is going on, but I don't have it plugged in this That's why I knew everything went out was when the TV went out QM your Roger show. Oh, right? How about that? I'll hold your microphone Huh? It's not good. It's not good. It's not good. Yeah, and how about now now it doesn't doesn't it? No, it doesn't sound like you have a mic on but it works. I don't I turn it off right? What we don't want to do the right into the show like this. It's a little bit of an echo echo echo Is there a good echo? Yeah, it's a good echo. Hello, that echoes come and say much us us Okay, well, I'll just put that down. Yeah, I'll just hang it up get that yeah hanging up I'll put it on hold. I'll demonstrate it if in the one the power should go out Well, no, not if really it's not a quite what do you mean really? Why you asking me that? You think the power came back on? Oh, you are a comedian man. Don't you think I would have told you For sure, no Guess what folks just to be a great scam for future notice. Oh, I can't do the rest of the show folks the apologies Why not? I wouldn't do that though because what else am I gonna do it? It's gonna be boring is my chicken Go back to sleep. I'm looking on the Toronto Star website here. I don't see anything on your yet What should I be looking on like on the AP wire? Now it turned on the CNN are they seeing if you about a power outage? Look at the crawl. No, no, no, no really no, so maybe it's just like a neighborhood thing Maybe it's like a telephone line down or something like that and maybe in just a matter of minutes It'll be back on maybe something that all thing no, no, I'm telling you There's the it's not in other words my building is controlling the traffic lights outside maybe and all the buildings across the street I don't know how you do it in Toronto Trust me WQM hello hello, how you doing sir, okay? All right, I'm on there It sounds just like you to me. All right. Hey, I would just listen to It's the other station there saying that Juliani's gonna be on the ticket instead of changing yeah I think that's pretty crazy, but I want to see you take on itself. I think it makes absolutely no difference I think it's just would be a desperate attempt to to salvage a dying ship What what's really Giuliani got to do with anything other in fact You know well why do people outside in New York we need care about Rudy Giuliani? Well, and it just always bushes. I'm gonna win New York anyway, so how's that gonna change anything? Be quick Okay, well, thanks for the good news, pal. All right, let's have a great day. You care about that Rudy Giuliani? No, no, we don't care But thanks for the info What's who's your choice in the new handshare primary today? We got 125 votes which is all about more than Vixfield notch Kerry 37 if that thing was stopped. I think the fact that's beeping frankly like that now Yeah, I'm here. I was taking a swing. Oh, don't do that Don't don't because it's gonna be any minute now The fact is beeping like that frantically means it's on a way out that power supply Does that the way that thing works? I think that's how it works so any second you're gonna hear like that Just like that 125 votes Kerry 37 Dean 17 I don't care it's all bullshit mid 16 I don't care I'm for Bush 15 Edward 15 Clark 11 who's finished eight Dammit Sharp N6 and Leaverman still out of 132 votes has got the big nobody in his audience I guess the orthodox use hey this they hate me like poison too bad taxal hoys Now you do know how I'm gonna know when this thing is finished How are you gonna know that thing spend because the lights are gonna go out the computers gonna go dark and everything is gonna be gonna be sitting in the dark Yeah, look at the window. I see some lights. Oh, do only problem is they're on cars And there it goes Just like that So what do we do now Josh? I don't know what do you need the pot on though? Keep the pot hot see the the timing's perfect I are lunch just showed up here. We were starving the whole day long Like we got in here starving normally you bring in your uh, Egg McMuth and or something something and Nothing today We spent the whole earlier part of the show this is what what's going on out there the audience loves the out there stuff We calling everyone in the building finally found Scott good old faithful Scott and Got our food just in time for the power to go out So just in time to take one mouth full of a chicken strip from KFC across the street just in time for the power to go out So this is great look we got Neil on the hotline Q. I am your Roger show this could be more fun than we've ever had But you can't play any drops though I can't I can't do anything right, but you can talk everything. I'm sitting in the dark And we'll walk over the window that you can read No, I am it's I got enough light in here I can see my watch that's the only clock I got it's 1121 right? Yeah, yeah, right on but I can't see the pool no I got my God You don't think I should do the spots on the phone like this dude. Oh, yeah, absolutely better What'd it be better? You have to we don't have anything ready? What do you mean by that you know everything ready? Well, we got a lot hold out of date stuff and I got enough light coming through the window This is eerie man. This is really eerie. Yeah, I'm sitting in the absolute dark. There's enough light coming in just barely because it's a real murky cloudy day So I can read this crap I got in front of me. I can't pick any calls. I'll do you can punch him up there Right, but I'm not gonna be able to hear him, am I? Of course you can I can let's do it. Let's do a spirit man I got you long ago, but if you punch up another line You know how to do this some techno boy, man. I got you locked on hang on ready here we go You am See that's me So see who's gonna be the we think you're over today unfortunately We have only one volume pot, so if the color is hotter or not what we hear is what we don't care I know we Do you care no This is a stericola who's this chronic call man? Oh It's a very hard Feels like I hear this voice all the time on the show 567560 560 on the AT and T line you you're breaking up that because my and what's gonna happen on my cell phone dies All of it is fully charged you'll be pleased to know that how long will it last fully charged? odd A couple hours maybe at least It'll last two hours and 37 minutes. Yeah Well, I got a better idea. What what just a second this will work on better Let me go any other room in my living room. Okay, right and call you on a real phone. Oh, yeah, that'll work Wouldn't that be better you don't have some wireless phone that needs to be plugged in or anything do you know regular A good old fashioned because the electric goes up doesn't mean the phone's got necessarily necessarily All the time but how about tougher time reading in here, but I can handle it. I'll get my flashlight All right, I don't have one emergency can there's a dial tone there's a dial tone on my real phone So hang it up all right. I'll call you right back. Okay. We'll drop it. We'll talk about him while he's gone Well, he can't hear anything while he's gone. Neil is so gay So incredibly gay What else can we say about him? Okay, oh man about this gay right here. Look at this man. He's this gay So incredibly gay. If tough tough and everybody's coming in to say how gay Neil is then he just like like what's the scale Like one to gay he's ultra gay Totally totally gay what else I'm just kidding. It's really calls back. I mean I could go on a long thing But then he'll call back and interrupt us in the middle of it Hey out the old word continues to be good although not as not as hot and heavy not as sexy like they for you They for you by front loading all the lesbianism up front He way I'm the Rogers show chronic line I back to this sounds better. Oh, yeah does actually So much better much better be the only one problem though. I gotta go get my copy from the other room. Oh Damn it so with a little too narrow be two seconds I like that Right here man See There's a five seconds. Yeah, what there we go. I got all my copy all right. It's real dark in here now We're gonna have to open up the creeps. What are you wearing? T-shirt my box for shorts. All right same thing. I was wearing any other room. No, no Well, I think I changed my wardrobe to come in this room. Why not? The living room right there's any company in here that I know of Bad company. Yeah, well let me do the break. Yeah This is wow. I don't know the stuff on the cell phone because I don't think it sounds as bad does it? It's much better Is it really? Yes, well, thank God so anyway if you just tuning in late I don't know what to tell you the power is out here in Toronto and went out at about 10 to 11 and it's a murky Snowy nasty day and maybe the whole Northeast down or what is this seeing and saying anything? No Well screw the wicked winter weather That's all they're saying it's the old and there's showy cars sliding into each other because I can't even go online Because my computer is out everything is out and Maybe you can go online do Toronto star dot com while I'm doing the spot Okay, and see if there's anything any information about whether we're still on me We'll have like some kind of a massive attack or something maybe the Russians are coming or maybe the Martians are coming We either pissed off Anyway, if your car prints will click there's something in the room And have been attacked here's the answer for you call my good friends to dry concepts before you do anything else because Why waste your time with anybody else these people are the best in the business of bringing your carpets back to life And look at just like brand new I would use dry concepts in my house and my homes for over 20 years now And everybody I know you because like I said Nobody does it better that there only people in the world who dry clean your carpets same ideas dry clean your clothing leaving him vibrant color Look at brand new smelling the lemony fresh as well You'll be able to eat you off the floor when they get done and don't forget would dry concepts You're rugs and dry with them just a couple of hours you ready to rock and roll again So for an unbeatable fantastic job give them a call tool free at 1-800-248-5071 and be sure when you do talk to the folks Dry concepts ask about how you can get understand by list and save an extra 15% on the already reasonable price of your next car per cleaning 1-800-248-5071 or if you want more info on a fantastic job They do for you check them out on the web it dry concepts.com Our goal is not peace at all We're determined to confront Saddam Hussein and we're doing everything we can to defy the world and build an arsenal for conquest and mass murder We're currently working with over 90 chemical and biological weapons as well as the prohibited missiles to deliver them Saddam Hussein will not be a problem for the United States He will be destroyed with weapons of mass destruction The only acceptable outcome total destruction for all the peoples of the Middle East Thank you for listening You're welcome. All right. I'm here. I could have played a longer bit probably shut up You know back in August when we had the gigantic blackout in the Northeast yes Including here and I said to myself schmuck. I'm gonna go out and the two things I'm gonna buy Is a flashlight number one in a battery operated radio you know I got a a combo unit for like Christmas one year Like one of those Coleman camping things. It's got all cuts got the neon lights radio and a fan Now did I get a flashlight? No, did I get a battery operated radio? No, no no In addition to which answer your other question about the heat. Yeah, I think I may have Jumped the gun this little bit miss spoken because back in August I'm sure that there was air conditioning in the hall see the auxiliary power in my building Is for the light and the power in the hallway right? So it's not gonna get freezing cold in the building because the heat will still be operating in the halls and the lights So I'm sure still on the hallway. I haven't looked But inside the individual apartments. Uh-huh forget about it You go up my kid a little bit trusty so I'm ahead to have to like add several layers of clothing of the show goes on Maybe put some pants on would be nice. I don't want to do that Stop don't do even own socks. I guess I've there you'd have to yes. I do Nice warm ones So you haven't seen anything. Did you look on the way? I'm on there now and nothing I even did a search for power power outage ready Yeah combination there are nothing So in other words, you think it may be maybe it just might be this area Because like this is like this is you all over again because back in August when it happened It was exactly the same way and I thought well cuz you know in Florida every time a birdfarts Yeah, our goes out at least not by me in plantation it goes out like 10 to 15 times a week and the cable goes out In for a minute and the your satellites go out and you have to reset everything So I'm used to that and then I just kept sitting here and sitting here and waiting and waiting and waiting And then finally I went I still had a little bit of power from the emergency power in there and the other room and I go online I see there's this massive blackout I mean yeah, but that's the only way I knew it so I'm thinking that it's possible the same thing is going on here But it's just uh nobody knows about it No apparently it's not making any news anywhere. Well, that's great. So you're getting an exclusive What was so these two on to Toronto ones what do they call them? Trance Oh, you mean you blend voice and might to back-game marriage? I don't know how I'm gonna read any of this because if you could see how dark it is near if I had my flash light Right, I could probably read it a lot better. You can't sound so over towards the window Well, I could but then if I'd right well What I can do is I can like pull the thing back But I don't want to see the I don't want the people across the way Look at no you know looking through the window seeing me sitting here my box is sure well I can tell what are you care? I don't know. Hold on a second Look at that light pouring in now don't be playing music man. I just don't have time Labor units representing nearly 200,000 workers across mass attuces of a door same-sex civil marriage and Recent weeks is the organization is lobby to expand workplace benefits for their gay and lesbian members With just two weeks to go before the legislature mass attuces the schedule of a night constitutional amendment that would ban same-sex marriage the union stance as a potent political force of the fractious debate Especially because roughly half of the state's two-an-it-law makers haven't taken a public position on they should know the words they're whaffling That's what they're doing The whole waffle game How's that pull coming oh? Let me get back to it on the Toronto star side there. Yeah, we're gonna go with a power you better get on top of these things I get better. Oh get with it 177 votes carry 48 Edwards 23. I don't care 23 I don't care. I'm for Bush that is 23. I don't care. It's all bull 22 Yeah, car 22 D21 Cuz cinnich nine sharpen seven leaverman two oh Look after two leaver man carry Edwards he's the dark horse See if you want my honest to go to this opinion. I think that one with the best chance to win in the one with the Republicans are scared to meet with Is Edwards yeah Stop and think I agree. I he's there's nothing wrong with him stop and think back in 1992 Who the hell do who Bill Clinton was right did anybody have any idea who he was? Nope, and this happened to me this happened very often but people of course don't pay any attention to Pollock politics Because it's you know a bunch of crap and they forget about that But most of these guys come from basically nowhere and Very few people here have been all of a sudden about a being though the candidate Yeah, and then we find out about their philanthropy and whatever their house. They're just okay. Okay. We got any calls Yeah, we got some calls because I'm farting right now Really I'm sitting here with my legs like in a position where they it's coming right to my nostrils man. It's a really fragrant bouquet What flavor? Cherry excellent QM QM What what this what I don't know QM Yes, I was wondering if you're gonna learn you actually Okay, right I'm here and I'm hanging up They had their own echo no no you but every time you punch it up it sounds like I feel like Lloyd Bridges like we're taking the plot Oh, no, I'm in part of the the swish Everyone do that. Yeah, that's what they hear on there and I heard a big swish every time you put you up touch up the button. That's nothing new. God. Okay. Here we go QM Hello, yes, sir. Yeah, how's it going man? Is it raining down there? No, it's Miami. Yeah Yeah, I guess this makes him sway up the point and be smell is one and anybody's huge brave parts for those movies I didn't hear anything. Yeah, I was either got about two votes. That was it. Yeah, pretty weak. That's the weak man All right, that they can't stand no get oh I don't know what you're doing because I'm helping the guy son of those when you cut them off I heard the swish also I guess I didn't know that way We're ending new things I didn't know what happened when you are Plus they sound like there are me and miles away when I was on the cell phone the first call you punched up I could hear like a real call What was that because all the calls coming in at different levels as you know? That's why we got to ride the pot all day long the right riding it right yeah Here's here QM Hello How are you doing man? How do you hear me does it sound okay? There's a little difference in volume level. Am I screaming am I in? No, you're fine. Okay. I'm gonna talk to about you Why hear you fun out about how do you hear me? Sounds like you're on a speaker phone, aren't you? Oh, because if it sounds like I'm a speaker phone I might let a half-let George do the rest of the show Not that bad reasonable. Hey, listen. I just want to give you a quick rest by report. Okay. Yes today. I was you know Witching between channels when you go on break and I switch over to rush on six ten oops was I supposed to say that We don't care. Okay. Good. Anyway All his callers were basically pooping their pants They're all concerned already that they're gonna lose the election and rush kept saying Hey, well, listen. It's only January. We'll get time to do our ceiling. Yeah. Yeah, they were already They're already like look like they were putting up the yellow flag like a morning hurricane level They that pull that came up yesterday that you're curious at a bush by three points That's the first time at least as far as I can remember the first time it showed any of the Democrats ahead Yeah, and I think that you're right the crappeter pet is starting to feel it man good I feel I'm loving it baby. I bet your rush is pop out a few extra's now two. He's getting so bad Thanks a lot family. Thank you buddy. Take care care You know what that when when two calls are punched up at somehow saps level from you Yeah, which is weird, but do you see some of the colors are saps that we just said there's saps? He was pretty good. He was a good call. He was our line He was like loud and Yeah, I like it here that loud you'd be amazed if you could hear what I'm hearing. I'll just turn the level up a little bit If you could see what I'm seeing The lights on yet across the street or elsewhere. There are no lights on period I could look across the street and See but I know it's gonna be a few loud I don't have that long of a cord here. I need to get a phone right? Why need to do it? Well, you can't get a cordless phone because those bugs in the water I do need to do that wouldn't do any good. That wouldn't work the lights are all out Okay, there are lights on. I'm seeing right now. Their only problem is that they're all red and they're all tail lights Now you need a longer cord the good news is it's not snow and at the moment all the We're supposed to give like another five to ten centimeters as they say up here Which is like another couple of inches anyway? I think it's a plot because of all your political talk I think ten centimeters is like what is that? Four inches five minutes about this much Yeah, like I said about two centimeters. That's me But that's not so there's actually people walking around there's a little bit of commerce going on a look like the only problem is Now I'm curious is they got a cop at the intersection out there Open the little one holler. Well, you know what they're doing? They're doing the honor system On the traffic yeah in other words it's like a four-way stop. Oh You can't I only would you remember after Hurricane after Andrew? Yeah, and we had all those four ways not the hour you know where we had a voluntary and of course nobody paid any attention No, they were four-way goes and because the people here are so goddamn polite I mean I'm watching this you wouldn't believe oh Jesus Not seriously that they're doing a good job because our traffic lights are all out And there's no cop there directing it because this only happened a short time ago Want to take another call? Well, wait a minute. Don't we have to do a break? It looks like 20 up to me and 21 up Like I said it looks like 21 up. But we'll do the breaks nice and slow take our time Don't push the calls now I mean I got to be honest with it. This is bizarre because it's getting a little bit colder by the minute here. This is when I open up the Drake's there let's some light come in We can listen as you are freeze and fall over. I would be good I can just like sure a gold far from here Anyway, it's 20 till noon a QA. I even brought the schedule in here being the truth I got all my radio stuff piled up in my non radio living room. And that could Excellent Now what's the story there? They're nothing they can do any well Periodically people open up the door to not help and You know tell Josh some things that he doesn't need and that's all like what oh Like there's an echo do this do that Nothing we need they can't do anything about it, but they are coming in here and bugging Josh is there an echo on this phone? No, there was on the phone. It's not like when the calls are on in the microphone and everything There's a little bit of an echo, but you know, yeah, no thing well That's the best we can do. I mean if they go back back to bed, doesch found the story. Oh, thanks It's a to you You found what's the story the Toronto star does found it. Oh, yeah hitting in load like how many I think do the break and then we can prove that after the break El Paxa to you Major office is including police headquarters in city hall or in the dark this morning yeah morning over there The feed from hydro one to our transformer station at Bay Street north of Queen has been interrupted And has taken out most of the central downtown or standing by to see when the power will be restored Said Blair P birdie spokes person for Toronto hydro now. What was it that took it out? We can say the beginning it just has was interrupted a transformer Station the fall you did so in other words, I've thought a big deal that would be back on before you can say Armstrong Toyota homestead right Armstrong Toyota homestead let me do the break Locally owned an operated these guys have been treating people right for years Which is why they're still around you'll fight them on US one just 20 easy minutes out of the 86 Armstrong Toyota homestead is worth the drive from anywhere The Savior self a cramplot a cash on brand new Toyota's check out these great lease prices You can't beat him at oh for it's a coma two-wheel drive regular cab You pay just 169 bucks a month and oh for echo just a hundred seventy nine a month or how about this and oh for a Slocal G T for just $209 a month and with every car purchased the Armstrong Toyota homestead You get a free sun fast and keep in mind these folks for the first date of an a whole area It offer your free tires and batteries for life if you're looking for an SUV right now Armstrong Toyota homestead. They got a huge assurment of Ralf four is highlanders four waters a quayas and land cruisers two general manager David rich in the standhold Do whatever it takes to put you in a great Toyota today Experiencing the Armstrong Toyota homestead difference they're committed to a hundred percent customer satisfaction Service department's even open late week nights to late PM to make sure they get all your work done for you Convenient located the US one in 293 street in the homestead just 20 minutes south of the 86 So if you're trying to get all the BS from those mega dealers who over-promise and under deliver And this is the place for you color friend David rich Armstrong Toyota homestead GM right now at 305 242 3247 that's 305 242 3247 for Armstrong Toyota homestead right And the red and green pool studio for a weird Imped enough to find two companies that are continuing cost of a one-throwing dollars per week The US are positive and thanks for the US budget. Shout it over to the local vloggers and you'll never sit in US history Southern economic record for most five and five was spiled in an 12 month period Said the old time record for the biggest law of the history of the US stock market is the first president in the US history To measure office with a criminal record Set the old time record for most days on vacation in any one year period after sitting off an entire month Presided over the worst security failure in the US history is supporting the government of a nuclear tactical bunker buffer A weapon of mass destruction and is breaking the nuclear arms treaty sorry New York arms treaty it is state of the United West Light of our reasons for attacking the right then when the lies on our British friends Said for record for most can't find reasons for my US president in his first year of office over two million Americans lost their jobs And that's when continues every month City all time record for most four cultures in a 12 month period a haunted more convicted criminals with administration and impressive in the US history Said so I could release the amount of press conferences and any president sent the attention to television Resign it over the political crisis in the US history and refuse to intervene when corruption involving the oil industry was revealed Besides over the highest gas oil prices in the US history Cloud health care benefits for war veterans and supports a current duty benefits for active duty truth and their families in war time Set the old time record for most people worldwide just simultaneously protest and public venues Did he know him people? Shattering the record for protest against any person in the history of mankind Book him more international treaties than any president in the US history Well the numbers of his cabin are the richest of any administration in the US history His voice new neanderer condo is a white says a Chevrolet oil sacred ain't that the earth is the first president in the US history to order an unprovoked Clean up the town and the military occupation of a sovereign nation and did so against the world of the United Nations The majority of US citizens and the world community created a minister in the whole land security The largest yearocracy in the history of the United States government It's the first president in the US history has the United Nations removed the US election in the white commission Rick who did US from the world corner law refuse to allow specters as a US president of war to change and their vice refuse to abide by the Geneva Convention It's the first president in history to refuse United Nations election in session It's the old time US and world record holder for receiving the most corporate champagne donation His largest white time champion conservative and one of his best friends can't blame for signing over the largest corporate bankruptcy For a US historian He's political party using an unparaditch as a corporate attorney to assure his success with a US Supreme Court during the election decisions At protect his friends at N1 and however against the decision of our second year More time and money was spent investigating the monochrome with the affair that has been spent investigating one of the biggest corporate reports And history The most of the people of the US after the world's race and recess And less than a year later They say the US the most in the country in the world The largest failure of diplomacy in world history The most important is a British president who has a biggest white or world peace and security and change the US policy You allow candidate for the awarding double in contrast and it's just keep on coming Drive a little and save a lot on that new Toyota At Armstrong's Toyota of Holester, what you tapped me off there before the end of the spot? Logitech did, let's blame him I don't want to get the David Rich and Fat Rich all upset with me No, we don't want to do that They're paying for the full spot not for just a little bit Now, let's see we got the man dog at two I want to correct something somebody called an yesterday and said the man dog was in co-herit on Sunday night on TV Right? Because I actually overheard him yesterday Give him some crap He'll not crap But just saying I was just during the pilot a little bit and you were smoking it As usual That's somebody called it and we were just running with it And that's okay if he was in co-herit that's fine If he wasn't that's fine, do all the way probably would enjoy him even more in co-herit than usual He'll be on a two the hoppers at the Super Bowl in Houston Oh, there's a big article in the Toronto and the National Post this morning and the sports commences Houston is even worse than Buffalo Yeah, is that the ultimate indictment or what was shot even worse than Buffalo Hank is at the Super Bowl in Houston Arrow windman will be on with him five to six the big oh at seven Any K10 and Joe Marko and I so we got the schedule now watch it or read back again That thing that you got gave me from the Toronto starvo. What happened here major offices Including police headquarters and city hall are in the dark this morning the feed from Hydro one to our Transformer station at Bay Street North and Queen has been interrupted and has taken out most of the central downtown and we're standing by to see What the power will be restored said Blair P Bernie P Body How they said in the wing with P Birty P Body yeah, spokesman for Peter P Body sure What am I favorite fully Sherman suppose person for Toronto Hydro and what what is the time on that does it have a time Now 1128 a M 1128 a M yes, and it went out like an hour ago In the middle of the road to the tip of about went a little bit slow They shuffle because it's not until known so from the sounds of that it actually could be back on he said it is not known yet if the cause was storm related Some of the resources more of this, but you're not reading it your whole thing back Oh, that was that's like a little other sentence in there. Yeah, well, why would it be storm related to not doing anything right now? Not snowing it's not blowing I mean if we've had that the last day we yesterday was broodly you could even go outside here yesterday was unbelievable It other outages were reported at the Eaton Center and at the University of Toronto really Well, is this you're you just reading me what you want to read like I said Oh, I'm reading like the thing he's here. You would erupt with stuff and I stopped. Yeah, well, how much more is there to this? That's about it. Oh Businesses in downtown court It's probably like a 10 per rest story I like that some idea what the few kids going on here This is in the downtown court from college street to Queen Street and University Avenue to Victoria Street are in the dark Yeah, that's it and get 50% off home delivery of the Toronto star and the Eden Center is also out Yes, I'll be there. I guess no Eden no Because during that with during that last break I thought to myself being the Jesus that I am I'm gonna go in a kitchen and make me another cup of nice hot tea Sure pop it in the microwave. Oh I guess I guess not just to put the cup between your legs there. I'll be there Well the bag the cup of tea the good news is I got my shirt on and I got my nice tan walking shorts Oh, there it is. Oh my first of all it's getting a little bit chilly or inside and number two I got the windows wide open there the drapes are pulled back I don't want people across the street looking there some perverts in there is underwear, you know Yeah, that is different anyway now. Do you have the room along to wear and such no? I do not really why would I need thermal underwear just in case you want to go sledding or skiing? Yeah, right Abused teens who's dices for 150 million bucks Why sure hope that the guy damn power hits back on because this is really awkward, you know Rural I'm hearing that it's hysterical though to other people What do you mean by that other people think that's hysterical? Now who are they what other people in the building It's a miracle Oh, I don't I listen being the trooper that I am I mean and probably there are those who would think well You know, you know what be here all the time in South Lawrence that are being doing a show all the way on Toronto and stuff Yeah, we wouldn't have this much fun That's exactly what I was thinking because this is a hell of a lot more fun and sitting there reading in the scum that's coming from the vents And at goddamn sick building Really that scum Yeah, Hank told me was sick with three for three weeks without crap everybody in a building is added and I guarantee The facts that I read the other day on Friday that I gave to you right from your friend or hey P.P. whatever his name was in Papino. I gave us both of the powers to give it to the powers that be in a wipe Their ass with it and put it down the old tube Yeah, and that's as much as you'll ever see that the guy offered you do it for free That's not good enough and the reason that they don't want to take advantage of that is because if somebody does come in And it would actually check the air quality in that building they're probably ordered to have it They put up they'll what are they we know condemn the building right? No, condemn the guy they're building that building isn't fit for human habitation. I can done the condemn this building every day The elevator is a piece of crap Then the guy they invent the ventilation is garbage We're sitting in there breathing in and on the proof of the pudding was on Martin Luther King day Which was what was that a week last Monday or the week before we before and we come in there We had a rain the day before and there's water puke it down one of the ceiling tiles is Rippin somebody's put a big bucket underneath it. They just said puke it and we put it on a bucket a bokeus and And all of that stuff you know is in the vents in that building and from the IOD experience We had you know that we're getting sick because there are a bunch of cheap bricks that aren't that building and great Doesn't really give a crap about his people which he never has Which he by the way he's on vacation again this week? Yeah, well while Rome is burning Neuro is fiddling and diddling What was it about and that's his specialty the numbers are good Everything works Yeah, right So have a great time Greg we're gonna have you are now sure hope your playing gets back real safe soon You don't say any way can I get you back to this before the break please? In if you could uh, we should be audited could just see this because I'm sitting on my sofa Well if you took a picture with a nifty camera somebody got for you Which is down there yeah, uh, sitting trapped up against nice dog very comfortably. I got my Slipper's on my bedroom slippers that I stole from the NH hotel chain and Amsterdam but everybody does anyway. I got my nice amphibians slippers on what's not to like Very comfortable good and so there's a look a little echo tough. Oh she-I In New York the family of the suffoc teenager was abused by Michael hands a former priest Is that a great name for a molesting priest Michael hands hands? Is a hands on guy a former priest at the center of the Long Island priest's Sextabuse scandal have sued the dices of rockville center for $150 million Planning officials knew of hands predatory behavior ended nothing to stop him The lawsuit filed Thursday and states Supreme Court in minniola charges that the dices knew of hands sexual relationship with the minor and failed to report it to the police Because of a deliberate covert policy and practice to protect priest and shield the dices from embarrassment Canovel how unusual And it goes down with all the glory details which we don't want to get into got another priest to re-tose matter fact. Oh goody for after the break. Oh, and then after that I guess I'm gonna just go to lunch Of course I can't go to lunch because there's no place that would be open. I can't cook anything in the other room And of course you got to slap all the way down the stairs to the elevator's not gonna work wrong Relie elevators actually are on the back up here Oh, good thing about my building is that because I just checked outside that order the lights in all around the heat is on out there So everything is cozy Just stay on the inside don't go outside So I might as well stay on here with you because what am I gonna do? I'm gonna do everybody taking my reason rushing nap Formatists till noon a QAM oh No, no life. There's the real life. No, there is no life. You're you're it Oh No, I think I did it again Yeah So I don't know if it was fun to maintain I like you My Me It's I Know Got your again I was having the bed So he was just in Oh I had to my school I can't hold my liquor I got to the end Let's come on to that I kiss for that Oh No Afternoon and Guess what what power still out Doc Now how long do you think that that should take being the expert that you are? Unsurahanto power no no. I mean to change it transformer Toronto power is they different from like Miami power Oh, just power. Well, let's pretend it can be brown not a FPL yeah, well, they're not that's what I would step an hour And an hour or so many an hour ten minutes. I wish You think I don't know you know we could ask a FPL person maybe one If you bought from FPNL is we'll think you called them tell us how long it takes to change a transformer Now get that out Did that article actually say that it was a transformer or was they they were they guessing? It says the feed from hydra one two hour transformer station At Bay Street has been interrupted so the feed was interrupted who the hell knows what that means What the whole does that mean? I don't know like the feed from me to you has been interrupted What right what kind of double talk is that sounds like they don't know what they're talking about or But some coming as much a crap to me call a bridge then there maybe he knows how to fix the damn thing Christ So you got more stories and stuff right? Oh, I Know I want to do this one Bringing I let me do this for people we take anymore. Don't be in any hurry to put the Oh, no, not me okay because it's hard as it is to be able to hear these damn calls now Right you're gonna have to figure out who they like when Reverend Jones calls in the next time yeah I like he called in the last time in his article When was that the other time when he said that no don't put George on That wasn't him yeah, what? Everybody who doesn't like you is remembered you like to say that but no it was him what did him? Yes, okay Trust me. Come on Was it Galveston Houston that Galveston Houston died C4.46 abuse victims 22 priests and without boy these are just come and like crazy, you know and so are the priests Squared score 22 priests and four decons sexually abused 46 minors in the Roman Catholic Diocese I'll Galveston Houston over the past 53 years according to church officials 80% of the abuse occurred before 19e But was reported in the last 10 years the confirmed sex abuse allegations cost devices 3.6 million dollars in settlements counseling and legal fees And yati yati yati the bishop started trying to be as open as Canada's possible They said they know that when the national studies announced that it'll be an obvious local question too And it's another black mark We never had one call about the first full question that we did no we didn't and we probably won't Nope because it just challenges these preconceived notions that they've been brainwashed with and that's you know it's frustrating because What's the point what's the point it's like saying what today is Tuesday okay while you're right it's Tuesday But it's Tuesday, you know, it's obvious but they just they don't want to be reminded It's not all nice of them it all has to do with fear of death right fear of death They deny the caveman stuff even though there's all these bones they out Satan put them there right now it's more of that scientific molecraft another plot Static plot by those science people they see 10 scientists right Oh, how about Michael Jackson we haven't talked about him in a while no And why not I don't know why not Do I don't have a word this week there was nothing to do it's exciting in the doing choir or but I think this was in one of the other ones the examiner About the fact that what is this broad name the one that he got married off to Roll road Debbie wrote right right or was it the Tommy row? I get a little dizzy when I try thinking about this Anyway, he has out of him now that she You know, they were both artificially insubited and not from him either by the way he was artificially insubinated. Yeah by the children Child welfare officials of interviewed Michael Jackson's three children at the Beverly Hills mansion Where they've been living with the embattled pop stars since early this month the source close to the Jackson family told ABC news I have the feeling like I'm talking like like this is like I'm talking into a waste basket. You know what I mean? The children's nannies were also interviewed the source told ABC news Jackson was reportedly home at the time of the officials Visit Jackson has two children Prince Michael one eight six and parasites five from a three-year marriage to Debbie row This isn't even the story from the examiner, which I wish I would have kept and he's got another kid Prince Michael the second and a third Child, which if you let me get to that was born to an unidentified woman another surrogate mom in 2002 Over the weekend a London tabloid reports that Jackson and Roe may soon square off and a custody dispute over their two children Rose attorney declined a discussion matter with ABC news But she did talk to the inquire or the examiner And said forget about it. They weren't his kids. We never did it and we never gonna do it and The only problem she's got is that she signed a pre not not a pre-neutral because they never would but a pre-something agreement She signed a deal with the devil right that said custody right after seeing a British documentary living with Michael Jackson, which aired in February 2003 Child welfare advocate Gloria Gruber Center for a well-complained to the center of our artistic attorney's office saying Jackson has raised enough red flag to be considered about protecting the welfare of children with whom he comes in contact including his own Right, there is only because he bought them in he owns them, but right, they're not his deep there's no question any longer That's if there really ever was with anybody who's got a brain There's no question that he didn't father's children. He could be fathered or children maybe Cuddling and cuddling even though no control. Yeah, well, how about the Dennis Miller show? I'm seeing you watch it or something? No, no conflict It's a lot of this stuff is on our website, but thank god I printed it out or I'd be sitting here like play with myself Which I might in a little while Conflict at CNBC new Dennis Miller show producer works for a governor of California. Oh How do you like that? Is that why they had Arnold out of the first guest maybe really? Yes, oh You're the little with the show is already started. We were running promos for it. No, we're running commercials here No, I'm just very For the Dennis Miller show during your show. Yes. Oh no. Yes. Oh my god Well, we'll horror is we'll take anybody's money. You got some money. We'll take it Dennis Miller's new CNBC political talk show hasn't even debuted yet this and this is from a couple days ago But it's already mixed up in a serious conflict of interest. When did it start? I don't know last night The conflict brought to a tension by weblogger Roger Ailes no relation to the Fox news chief of the same name began what it shows having of Mike Murphy as they consulting producer the problem is that Murphy is a well-known Republican campaign Consumed whose past clients have included John McCain Jeff Bush and the 92 Bush Quail campaign the problem is that Mike Murphy already has a job He was a key political advisor in Arnold Schwarzenegger's 2003 campaign for governor of California and still worse for him Currently Murphy is leader of governor Schwarzenegger's California recovery team in California's first Schwarzenegger two groups created by the governor to maintain his political image raised money and corrode his policies and Indeed Murphy has become so identified with Schwarzenegger that a January 21 Los Angeles Times article referred to him as Schwarzenegger's chief strategist The website of Murphy's political consulting team and the senior navigators list the California's recovery team as a client CNBC dismissed the idea that Murphy's political work poses a conflict for the show in an article in TV week that described the ongoing work with Schwarzenegger's Murphy's most recent gig reported Michelle Greppie Notice that NBC is grappling with a conflict of interest questions posed by Schwarzenegger's wife and we're sure We're working for the news program date line But Gregory reported that CNBC no sets questions are being considered because Mr. Miller is made clear that issue However political will not be partisan, which is a fucing lie because we had them we had also one of the same website The yesterday and we've been taught today that he's already said that he's gonna support Bush and he's gonna be totally unabashed And doesn't apologize for any odd yati adi it's not impartial at all. How do you like that right? Line sack of crap man Dennis Miller is the anti-Christ Don't forget on them. Plus of course. He's just as credible as anything else on CNBC your gambling channel Let's take a call or two Sure No, yes, sir I happen to catch the Dennis Miller show last night and and it's set up like this Like it's supposed to be some sort of balance political roundtable, but they had two flaming right wing Bush nor colors and one that just a senseless liberal woman who was just getting the crappy out of her for 15 minutes It really was funny. Yeah, it sounds exactly like what you expect from Dennis Miller absolutely How to greet that, bal? Good news, bal. How do you? Yeah, he was loud. He was excellent. Yep. He was magnificent. How come we don't get calls like that when we don't have when we keep Let's lose the power every day. Okay. We're starting to get some good calls this way. We're just gonna pull a bunch of plugs. Oh, seriously. What's that all about? It's It just works out. I mean, that guy's sounded like a real human being which is showing you and also the one before and he was actually talking about something that you were just talking about I Can't handle this all of these things So what did you say about an hour and a half for the power to come back on? I'm just uh, you know, it's Security you haven't got any idea what you're talking about, but it sounds very authoritative. It's like most of us So how's the latest pull on the a new Hampshire primary? Let me go back to it. They compute it. It's very fresh. It is not our fact as uh, you know That way I would think that stuff ought to be racing in there Replicably with the latest update from the Toronto star or Toronto, the global mail On exactly what the hell is going on here? Why I'm sitting in the dark? 297 votes carry 75 Wait a minute. What what time did we put that pull up? 11. That's pretty good sure considering everything is going on here carry 75 which is 25.2% yeah D 44 Clark 43 I don't care. It's all bull 40. I don't care in for bush 36 Which is 12.1% if you're contract care. Edward 33 percentage 16 sharp to eight and leaving it has Three two two two don't stuck with the same pair That makes you one of more sedasa right him and Nasa and the other one was Connecticut Hey Better start eating some halivat big time getting ready for the home and touch and you because Joe because it's all over Now it's all over but the shot. I thank God that's what the Howard Dean said it's all over what the show Robert it's been doing at five sixty you know and I'm starting with this talking into the phone thing right Do I sound like more congested or something? Not anymore than usual. Oh, I do know I feel I feel like all of it's coming back. I think it's because the temperature's dropping No, I think that could be part of it is getting cooler in here plus the fact that I can't hear myself you're gonna freeze I am and I'll probably be out the rest of the week. No Hey, let me tell you one thing if your mattress is worn out your back will tell you when you get up in the morning You feel like crap you feel like you haven't slept at all so now that the new year's underway Make sure you get a great night sleep every night in 2004 what plus is by calling Dilemactors call 1 800 mattress and celebrate the new year in cover with a great name brand Mattress and unbeatable price Colour right now toll free at 1 800 mattress and dialed a mattress is proud of that it's during the foster Is there already strong championship lineup? During the foster is the finest mattress made in America and you can sleep on what as soon as tonight If you call that toll free number right now 1 800 mattress and of course dialed mattress as you'd expect also carry the complete line of all the other top manufacturers in the universe They got them all see me sort of seven King coral tempered Choose from dozens of models at lower-view-day discount prices and only dialed mattress I'd choose any to our window delivery that reaches schedule seven days a week from 8 a.m. to 10 p.m In other than noon to two one to three whenever you're gonna be home when it's convenient for you They'll be there so with low prices same-day delivery Set-up removal is easy to see while dialing mattress is ranked the best in the world of customer satisfaction Get with a kitchens of a great night sleep for years to come with just one easy call don't get ripped off And I was betting in department stores call 1 800 mattress 1 800 mA TTR ESR online. It's mattress.com Reagan a life in letters is the publishing event of the year But letters alone cannot tell the full story of America's greatest president introducing Reagan a life in post-it notes needs to be by more Jelly beans with PS red jelly beans good Red commies bad no Where else could you find such a clear statement of our 40th presidents values and opinions than on little yellow squares of paper stuck to the White House brave jean Please wash my overalls use Yes, not the tide of Marxism that threatens our very way of life Reagan a light in post-it notes chronicles his thoughts on politics religion and even sex year Nancy The Berlin Hall is home and When I get home so will that little lace number I punch you for our anniversary PS Ground Reagan a life in post-it notes is available at boredom books by your copy today and receive the bonus volume Reagan a life in Post-relist milk what is we age milk each bill you 1217 at five sixty w to humanity start to snow again now and blow and And what else we have an update all right from the Toronto star all right power expected be back on by Midnight no three pm No What does it say it says power expected to be back on by three feet Let's but that's the headline and then it repeats the rest of the story Oh no You got to be kidding me. This is gonna be the longest show in the history of my life. It's already What the hotel time is it? It's oh Christ it's only 1218. Yeah Holy crap and it's starting to snow like crazy. I'm reading through the story here as a hydro one spokesperson this Dassy What is it it's that they've a column that said D a ff y d Dassied rodrick said the problem originated at man all these names. I don't know Terraw tawali Terrawly what are you what language are you speaking man? I guess it's Canadian Yeah, to Rally transmission station west of Bay and north of city hall. Yeah one friend of the transmission circuit was out for scheduled maintenance in the second back-up circuit failed around 11 a.m Roderick said The circuit failure isn't known but it had nothing to do with the weather at not snow or ice. We're not sure why great It's like you said MP and L all over again So speaking of Lou Dobbs is a major asshole on CNN. Yes, he is a really I mean a pompous jacket I'm calling you about him a lot of stuff about him. He just he he's got an ego even bigger than mo Right and last night which I ordinarily avoid him like to play but I was channel surfing and He was doing a thing that we're talking about the new Hampshire primary so I stopped and there was Bill Schneider who's the Analyst you know does all the marks stuff is pretty good So Lou Dobbs goes to Bill Schneider and Schneider gives the beginning of his field and Paws is in that point obviously Lou is supposed to ask something or say something and Bill Schneider is just sitting there looking waiting praying please Please say something you know and of course on TV it's so goddamn embarrassing Like he wants to jump out of his skin Finally Lou Dobbs says can you hear me Bill? Yes, I hear you And then he proceeds to ask him a question and then Bill Schneider answers the question he's trying to give the rundown of Why carriers popular about people think he's electable and Lou Dobbs comes back and says well, wait a minute now. Aren't you getting curing confused with Clark? And Bill Schneider he kept talking but you could tell by the perturb look on his face That if he had any any kind of a sharp object if he would have been a He would have killed Lou right on the ear and got an 80's here. I would have given a standing ovation What a total asshole Lou Dobbs, well, of course I think used to be on CNBC didn't he? I'm not sure and then see and then got to bathe the big cool and they got him away And he's he's a legend is on mine in fact is show is so important that they have him on from six to seven Do in the make believe news and they repeat it from 11 a midnight after the anxious red headed there and brown or whatever That'll they put it on? Because he has a red face Lou to go with the red hair right from Aaron Brown and that awful a red I Would be surprised if his hair pieces can the most hey? Maybe the same muskrat from the muskrat right on the same Does the muskrat ramble all guarantee of that it's muskrat love so this could be back on by three o'clock is that what you said? Yeah That's what they said but the good the good news is well, see I could call for delivery for like lunch The only problem is that nobody is gonna be open right you're looking the deep that fire is off. Oh crap No chinks, huh? No No, never cramps never cramps call for probe over rack weapons claims Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry said on Sunday the Bush of the Strasington including vice president Dick Cheney should be held accountable for claims Iraq had weapon domestic destruction Kerry writing a tightest efforts is surprising when I owe Monday said US lawmaker should hold hearings on Capitol Hill They would pay appointed by the Bush administration on for Iraq's weapon domestic destruction told writers on Friday He concluded that Iraq had no stockpiles of biological and chemical weapons as asserted in the official US intelligence That's admitted lead up to the West London vision They ought to be held accountable for using the weapon domestic destruction argument Kerry said Dick came in the others in the administration Miss Lenny American people were the spectator of the two status of the weapons of mass destruction interwack and he is absolutely correct Absolutely right Kerry said he would not suggest president Bush was a fall without adequate evidence But he added I know the vice president either misspoke or miss led the American people And he think maybe remember the guy to call before it said julianny is gonna be on the ticket instead of training right Because training is gonna become I maybe he'll be the skip code Holy I mean in this case rightfully so deservedly so but he's gonna be the fall guy Oh, that just means that he's not gonna be the vice president He looks up until you know all the shots and then that way he can legally go back to pay roll at Haliburn right and raken millions And millions instead of the lousy hundred and 50 right a year We know he's still on the payroll anyway. He's gonna get a big cash deposit after this is all done. Oh hello for that I don't know. Did you do that? I didn't do that. Oh, you know what that was? I got the phone listen I've got I got the phone nestled between my pillow to the actual phone part of cheeks You're sitting on the phone it's likely between my cheeks You're smart You'll smell you know when I had for dinner last Well my heart just stopped it. Really What I know this is all we need In other words you tell me by the rest in another word there's no chances going to be on before three that's according to them We read that first line again. It'll be back on by three power expected to be back on by three p.m Well wait a minute. See be the optimistic now. I know half full glass right by three could mean before three could Like maybe two oh one with my luck. I was zooming that they're trying to hedge their bets and not you know do the opposite like say it'll be back on by one and then it won't be on In addition to which if they were working if they were doing Maintenance on the other transformer whatever the hell it was which I said The why couldn't they just stick that back online or is that making to my phone? Oh that's making too much sense. I See I only know more how they do it here in Florida, which means they wouldn't do that. I say I don't know how I think I think it's a county pink or plot I think it's a bush plot right and this will probably happen every day between now the election every time you bring up the Subject to try to dig around with our conversation here. Huh? That's shutting up Well, at least it's better than the alternatives they might have in mind So what's the pull result now before we do the break soon? We have a grand total of 335 votes. Yeah, carry with 83 That's 24.7% yeah, do these slowly now you go by a little bit too fast It doesn't kill any good times It's well right down to a crawl. Okay. What was that with carry again? What do you do? 83? I see 83.724.7% for John Kerry they said it or for the junior Senator from Massachusetts, it's right Dean has 50 Howard Dean that's governor Dean former Vermont five time governor and doctor Dean as what 50 50 even 15 14.9% 14.9% compared to what 24.7% you know, this could be pretty interesting No, seriously this might actually mirror the result in a Hampshire right would that be revolutionary? It does seem to drive with those polls we keep saying it seems like drive to me. I'm turkey. Yeah. I don't care it's all bowl Also 50 yeah, it's getting pretty cold in here by the way a minute wait a minute What the life this came back on Can I tell you something please this is the most strange. I saw across the way in a window I saw a light Uh-huh because remember I said I started to say wait a minute. Remember oh the ripple effect you Something like that my lights came back on Wow, this is really exciting very exciting just at the moment when my toes were starting to freeze Oh, I heard a click did you yeah, yeah, oh? And I can hear myself in the other room now. I think Well, yeah, I can hear you and it's like in stereo Well, let me do the break from here the spot right The room now this is the I told you to see this by three o'clock it probably says before 12 30 I'm talking to you. It's all the time with my emotion that's all. I know you actually know you people in Florida You grave robbers you 26 past no to QM Halle Luria man. This is exciting anyway. Here's something also exciting This is the last mortgage you'll ever need it's the only one mortgage from financial group the benefits are incredible You pay zero closing costs Zero application fees zero credit bureau fee even zero discounted points get the new low interest rate of just one Point 25 percent a hundred thousand dollars only triverton 34 a month if you have a 200 thousand dollar loan Your payment surely 60 eight a month and don't forget what you refinance are gonna do a mortgage from financial group You will never ever pay closing cost again So call 1 800 9 for Oland today get the low rate mortgage to deserve and then move on to your next property without any further cost of expense You pay zero underwriting fees zero dot fees zero closing cost like I said even when you moved another property Get that new low rate financing of just 1.25 percent the only one mortgages What it's called from financial group for all the information no obligation call 1 800 9 for Oland and never pay closing cost again But in so group 1 800 9 40 L a and the either an equal housing leather Restrictions apply rates up to the change monthly 4.21 APR John cigarettes to base $427 One hotel room which you're cruising $270 One eight ball of cocaine $200 $218 prostitutes $400 I love you all the look on my kids face when he wakes up with a dead hook around his lap prices There's some things money can't buy for everything else there's master card Wow Hey, so we're back Hmm, basically good sounding the only the only problem is let's see how do I get my TV back on Remote control you think my TV blew out to it. No, I think I just did I just turn it on or I turn it off We'll give it a second you you do that on the computer to you know oh wait a minute You click on the right. Yeah, see everything is got to like re- The engine is not on I'm at your phone most TVs have instant on which means there's current going through them all the time and till the power goes off for you on plug it Yeah, so it's got to start from scratch Well, my my digital cables got to like start all over again. Well, that's okay. We need to worry about that So you're fastened there you go loading that a please wait my computers all back up. I got my pole here That was pretty exciting all right My radio set what other show would get something like that nobody would get nothing like that Power artist darkens downtown. Now. Let's see. Oh, this is the old story. It's actually a pretty good So we're back And actually when when I came back after that break yeah Well, I was trying to play was absolutely for because the DCS was still all rebooting I see Unfortunately though the 360 this is inside our lingo by the way for the audience they take notes the 360 went back to the first bank Oh, so instead of playing absolutely it was like like that What's I think might have been appropriate for the day Yeah, right but nevertheless now we're back Okay, now what tell do we do now because I got just a Crack I brought all my copy back in here. This was exciting folks. You got me all excited about all these stories you said you had what? You said you like to like the Mars rock photo shows the Holy Grail you want that one? Yeah, I like this story the US is now in a hands-over group of extremists by George Soros on our website. Yeah I got through Robert cuts off his own finger by mistake. Let's do that one first and oh wait didn't you hear this one? All you fat people out there. I'm I got to be honest with you with all do we expect to everybody? I'm sick of it. You know what I mean? I want to take a pill and I want to get up tomorrow way 150 pounds I might not look exactly like Brad Pitt, but I want to at least weigh 150 pounds. I want to be doing all this other bull crap I don't want to be a farting around can I change the time on my clock? I guess I'll do that during the break in rain nervous with a clock. I can play Celia. No, no, I got I luckily Eric has done a masterful job. Nice going over you. The new updated Right page there isn't that great wonderful resourceful and it's also got a clock that's right on it's 1232 In fact, it must be on the atomic clock and it's two seconds off at a one on city pulse 24 The pulse time was synchronized with it. I'm taking a piece of Wherever you are See the good news about this is you think that I'm excited that we're back in the studio first of all It's more comfortable because I hear myself secondly now I can make lunch All right, well, I mean that's that's what fat people that's always think about that's the most important thing Whether I can actually leave the building or not not material because I got enough of a past in there and I saw I can make some lunch Well, yeah, look at that nice going Eric. That thing is looking really good. Look. We ought to do this every day You know that we're gonna have a pretty flamer gasping response today Do you want to be honest like something out of the ordinary ordinary? It's really pedestrian predictable boring. We don't like boring So study lengths high carbs and weight loss will get to that eventually But first Robert cuts off own finger by mistake Guess where this was Florida Miami Gardens all right A Robert car off his own pinky finger by mistake when his gunman accomplished got into a struggle with one of the victims police said yesterday No shots were fired the standing victim was airlitted to a hospital and both robbers remained at large I guess in the violin act of stabbing this guy somehow. I accidentally cut his finger off said Miami Day, please spoke spokesman Robert Williams, no can do Bobby Williams who drives occasionally a pop at O park you suppose he's the lock blade knife When you put people it did the Recon say to that? Yes, with people who use a knife sometimes they do cut themselves And of course if trying to stab another individual like OJ for example right oh Jonathan Johnson 22 was hospitalized the stable condition with several wounds, please Said his companion Charles Wright 33 was unindred both were walking down an alley before Donson They went to gunman demanded their belongings the second Robert jumped in the frame from a hiding place when Johnson struggled The robbers fled in the pickup truck and the robber cut off his own pinky finger by mistake All right, I'll be kind of hard to find him, huh? Yeah, and it sounds like a great Michael came movie As a pinky finger is running around like stabbing people in the throat and choking a gagging people poking people in the eye Trans good to me and blow on my nose body. I am pretty gross. I don't care Formality here after that last how long was that on by now and a half we did no how long did we do that by now in ten minutes It was okay got a big look at the radar. I got a big bunch of snow and crap coming here So those of you who like you know the weather there just be happy you got nice weather the rest of its sucks, but be happy with a weather Do I have the log to bring the log in here? I don't know oh? Yeah, I got there well I excuse me, but I gotta get like back organized again. I had a bunch of stuff back into the wall Got my log here. I got the interaction coming up in the nice break. This is golden. What are you talking about? What's golden? It's a tower this yeah, this is kind of screwed up radio. I screwed up radio to bad grades not in town I would join here and see what a great trooper we are all of us Putting together a show out of nothing out of a massive bar up massive fry WQA and hello Yeah, I ain't doing buddy pretty good, paly. I know it'll be a lot of work for air, but you guys said it's been about 30 minutes ago with all the things that push is done like He's like the worst price ever You can put that up on the website like the list no no Well George right of a jerk don't get panicky George. Okay, no. Why can we do that George? I'll ask Mitch Lewis for his permission Yeah, don't be a jack-off. Do I know I want you know I want you know I Keep going let me have it. Okay, see yeah No, I'm not going to say I would ask Mitch Lewis for permission and you will because I'm sure this guy's not the only one We're like to hear that we're not doing it for him. We do it for everybody We're gonna find out where he is and you're gonna go and the pieces of shoes or somebody what are you gonna do to them? You probably come up to his kneecap. Oh, that's see. That's not the way I operate. Okay. Let's take a look at this pool now Let me look at it because you know, let's know you read it. It's just I don't know It loses something of the translation especially on the phone that that was that was uncomfortable I gotta be very honest with it and now that I made sure the heat is back on here cranking up pretty good I'm looking at the snow outside and starting to look like not a white out yet yesterday was like white out conditions certain times, you know, white out Did you ever live in that when you were Montana a white out condition? Yeah, I'm gonna be snowing so hard There was like like a white out like you can't see anything. Yes Who's your choice in tonight's new Hampshire Pearl? I mean it's going on right now We got those votes from Dixfield not all we got forecast man minus three minus five minus seven minus eight minus nine minus four minus four We're doing it baby. Oh More double digit minus and coming a weekend. It's gonna be like in the 20s again. All right. See what's not to like You might say for example my mother would say who of course is very very Much of a pest and a nudge, but she would say oh my gosh That's so cold 25 26, but when it's been like you know 10 below zero for a while 25 26 I'll take it. Hey, let's go swimming Saturday. Look at that sunny and minus nine. I'll take it Anyway Here's the way our poll shapes up. I think what we'll do will save this while we would anyway and we'll compare it to the way it shapes up in New Hampshire today New Hampshire of course known for their unpredictability and also for the fact like I said in the early part of the show That because anybody who's registered who's a voter can vote in any primary So Republicans and independence stick their nose in us and of course dual-legramins count on those Independence and Republicans because he is a Republican What does he just change his party affiliation? All right, thank God this money. Yeah, I don't mind doing that Anyway, Kerry's got 92 scary John Kerry. I told you you didn't believe me look at him. I see if you can he's scary No, and his face looks like it's already X-Demout Rushmore doesn't it that's from Mount Rushmore right exactly Looks like they carved him right out of the mountain and you can almost see Kerry Grant and who's an animal be with a North by Northwest Remember that one they were caught over the up that was three was that even where he's saying? I don't know was it grace of God was it yeah? Look it up please North by Northwest with Kerry Grant. That was a great hitchcock movie Dean 57 so it's 24 and a half percent Kerry 15.2% for Dr. Dean Dr. Needine Edent and the doubt what that was his name to go used to be on TV I'm sorry Dr Howard Dean 57 for him. I don't care it's all bullshit 56 15% they're not too much crazy about it Clark 53 14.1% for general Clark Who's got a shot in the dark? I'll care I'm for bush 46 12.2% That seems to be a little bit down isn't it by the way. He has something What even Marie Saint oh, I'm good and Jason right What a cast Anyway, it's for old timers like me or find no actually it's for anybody that way so Hitchcock Kerry Grant was so damn good and so was even Marie Saint who's in the on the waterfront with Marlon Brando and Lee J. Cobb and Eddie Cobb here comes Genghis Khan on the outside anyway Genghis I don't care I'm from bush 47 12.1% and words 41 10.6% poor little Dennis Cassinage with the bad hair piece He's such a good guy He really tells it like it is and nobody pays any attention to me one on a wide-roach Why he's a little guy. I know All about huh? I know all about well nobody pays any attention to a little guy's you know I do know it's true. It's just the way it is Oh, he's a little guy kind of funny looking for that Dennis Cassinage with the bad hair piece 17 votes Al Sharpen's got 10 which means we got at least 10 stars is out there which is good. We like all you didn't mention this I will after I'm the two liberators got three out of almost 400 votes when I was leaving on a Friday from the radio station Which I was doing with a big smile on my face because I knew it would be coming back for quite a while and I'm waiting for the light there by 441 and county line road to go to the turn pipe and Here's a young dark and plighted guy and I pick up truck next to me and he's Motioning and I rolled on a window and big fan of the show How do you like that? Okay, he was just ecstatic to see me. I thought well, this is really nice because we need our sposings goes man We need all you ethic people if we're ever got to combat that that thing that evil stuff People do this in the last bogus rating book or or you know, maybe the braiding book is true Maybe we have no audience love you know what I noticed the checks are still coming in Thanks a lot, Clare is the check came in on time And we still got bonus in the two can we still got some bonus money and I she know who else I should take mo But I mean the best part of that whole deal is and by the way He wasn't number two in man, but he can say whatever he wants he was time for fourth But the fact that the morning did do a little bit better with a fat little hump from for a round by the way Help us make the extra bonus release me anyway. Yeah, so I want to thank my good friend Moa who didn't I'm sure it didn't get any bonus on his own But help the rest of us make some see that's what it should be all about is not who went down the least But helping everybody we would like to see Moa have a big number I know that comes as a great shock to many people right not to say in it because the more a bigger number He's got then the more money the rest of us make right on so we can still hate him like poison Absolutely and we do but the fact of the matter is we hope it gets like an eight-year Right because he can pick up the slack which is long overdue Right right exactly Twenty and I team till one it I feel so much better in here if you had any idea I could pick your right that little camera. What a beautiful studio this is and the Beakers the we have ever have any a problem with a balance on the speakers like you do down there Yeah, everything here is just Magnetico and even after that power interrupts and everything going up with an just a matter of moments everything is just as fine as GIY if you really want to get hits on that website man take that camera around Okay, hey listen speaking to GIY and Interact diabetic is truly a delicious meat rob me or replacement drink that just happens to me for people would die be these like me But anybody who's interested in cutting their sugar intake down can drink it and enjoy it to Interact diabetic is sweetened with splendor which is made from sugar So there's no nasty appetites like you with aspirate more saccharine recommended by doctors and Titians for people who can't sacrifice proper nutrition just because they're in a big-few can hurry NRS diabetic is completely balanced nutritional supplement that provides all these central vitamins and minerals needed for a healthy life Plus you get fiber and the options and it's low in saturated fat and cholesterol too NRS diabetic is also gluten free and lactose free as well and eight ounce can provide 237 calories of easily that distant nutrition that makes a long story sure to taste a hell of a lot better than any of those other drinks Try it once you'll never go back to whatever you were drinking before you can pick up Interact diabetic all over town at CVS Sanano's Navarro's Eckard's Walgreens publics other local pharmacies all around South Florida or you can make that one easy call The try for the first time they'll send you a to pack Right one vanilla and one chocolate for free just for calling one eight six six Three six eight thirty seven thirty nine or can order it for free off their website at W-w-w-d-r-x diabetic dot com that's e-n-t-e-r-e-x diabetic dot com all one word NRS diabetic dot com just click on free samples tell that Neil Center for the delicious one and get yourself an additional special gift to call toll free today One eight six six three six eight thirty seven thirty nine Back in I missed this ball ring looks better than a live radio show every morning on TV Well just about anything but that hasn't stopped MSNBC from teaming up with radios original bad boy Who now looks like a nasty old ring listen Friday. I'm a cell and intern as copy sucks Yes, every morning see I miss was new a table. Other people's County this lie on the air I didn't have it a bite into those muck when somebody about the first one played I see his wild behind the scenes and it's I'm a man you are the walrus cookbook at you Now get me some fresh pop here your fire I miss he's irreverent so what's the deal the poll? It's topical so what's the deal with his water game? He's in coherent. I'll tell you what that's the double of a visit. What does it? He's I miss then he's going ring and he's only on MSNBC a table channel nobody watches and a bunch of AM radio stations Nobody listens to that. Somebody get some fresh jingle. It's I'mus And you're right. He's terminal 1222 is a dead man in the chair. Make no mistake about it. Oh my god water is boiling for my tea You want to go get it? No next break all right or I could grab a real quick right now. God just a whistle Anybody ever see Celia Cruz up and down on this kind of art You're supposed to do with an bishop and a red pickup truck That's what I'm hearing. Wait for that decrease. That's before a Dwight have scunned with antibody was that to Sandy paint on that That's a good poll question. Who do you think has got possession of Anne's body now that died that the father lost it again Sandy patent Sandy or Dwight Lodderdale maybe they parceled it up you think so it was enough there for everybody What do you got the box? What did she hate me like poison that and Bishop that old and bull man what a die Nasty miserable bitch but she was good she was a town of ten. I went to snooze. I went to snooze. What was that movie that she was in with Jack was it in the shining What's somebody else Or was there a channel 10 news was on iron wasn't the shining what movie was it the shining oh Like I said I think it was this wasn't Jack Nicholson and that one yes All day yesterday every movie. I think Jack Nicholson was in that one 411 votes on your man. They're pouring in now. I'm curious got a good solid lead on Dean Forget about the votes in no hands. You let's just do it right here. Oh, I got you know this fact that you sent me Yeah, this has got to be for even though it's on I'm sure it is to right different type same unsign and I noticed that the bottom it looked like they were gonna sign in these scratches did I did sign it in this Scratch oh, now let's see if I can read to them. Let's get charlotte homes to see what I can't make it up They said they's like and scratched it out which chicken is the operative word. I mean see when you send the facts I know this comes as being more evolutionary to some of you people are a little bit slow, but you can just make up a name No, but when it's totally unsigned it's like it's like setting a message like to joys azazah We're like gonna send a message That you just went barest to put a name on it. Sometimes they make up really good names to yeah, makes me scream But before that I'll get to bed eventually Two men fleeing police gets stuck in a mud Sells brain North Carolina. I do like an ice-cells brew steak once in a way while yeah, don't you even They talk about their frozen ones. I'm talking about in a restaurant real one is good But they're my favorite TV dinner if I must have a TV. Yeah, I would agree with that but like in a diner Oh, yeah, mmm good old fashioned diner and a joint I'm sorry anybody ever put a South Bristick in a joint Oh, I've had some two men flee. I'll give it a try two men fleeing police were captured after they ran across a muddy lake bed Lost their shoes and got mired in the muck What a schmuck Kevin chalk 17 and Richard Neary 20 what if he's kind of alnutery God about a quarter mile cross the lake in near freezing temperatures early Saturday before they got stuck It took rescue where three hours to get them in out one was just wearing t-shirt and shorts They'd have died if we hadn't found them said east East Spencer police sergeant James Schmierer a couple of idiots is what they are well, here you go Police began chasing the men in their car after they were clocked at 67 and a 45 the car eventually crashed into a tree the men jumped out rain into the woods Neary with charge with driving with a revoked license and fleeing the loot a loot real rest and y'all the other Anyway, it's been the important facts here. I don't sure we take a quick call. You away, hello out there. See I give you a shot online too Give you a chance You notice how the phones are much more frantic when I couldn't when I wasn't in the studio. Oh, yeah, I like they like to kick you when you're dead They like that. No, no, it's just that we're trying to help out now. They figure well. He's back in that studio It'd be so cake They were trying to be helpful. Well, call back on the phone. WQAM. Hello Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. Um, any way I can get the results of yesterday's poll the movie poll What do you need to know oh? Just you know who came in we're one and how then I can go out and get the films Uh, maybe they were very cool repost them and the features or something yeah, Eric and you can repost them the features page How's that? Oh, that'd be great. I think it's great. I mean I heard some of the results and I think it's a great thing to have because What are the rings? Uh, whatever the hell that one was actually shock rink redemption. Charge ink was third Yeah, but there were lots of them. I mean there were lots down the line that I'd like to see Yeah, Eric will put it back on there well pretty soon go where it all right Thank you, but when he gets around to it. He better do it pretty soon. Oh, well Now does he know about Josh taking over his job? I mean, oh yeah Just a joke Eric you do in a magnificent job. Don't you know don't get all been out of shape It's just a radio and all the shot. Yeah, he have all people should know that this is just a radio show And spread of the fact that you rip them and ask behind his back all the time But but he should know a daily radio show think that you're kidding That that's why I'm saying this okay if he would just grow up already I'm I make up see when you know that somebody is vulnerable When you know that somebody reacts when you know that somebody has no sense of humor about these things That's when you keep sticking it to them. Okay Hurping that eventually they'll grow up and get a life and realize we're just fun and with them. Okay I love Eric believe you me. He and I have a magnificent long distance relationship now Whoa and You know, we got the thing over the bedtime stress which I apologize again I had too many on there today, but if you take the time to go to our website You'll find or some really heavy duty great stuff to read on there if you have an IQ larger than your penis or your Whatever or your pubes All some people do have very long pubes and they tend to leave them on to public toilet seats That's always a bad turn off to me, you know Yeah, I'm talking about just to take a leak Huh yeah Go into a public toilet and there's a urinal and there's like pubic here. I just oh god. I want to see it. I don't want to see it I'm not from it I don't know so of course it's up close and personal and I tend to be a little more choosy at any rate Here's this facts from the same person before you're not fooling us who's just a Dean liquor Dean's fine. Okay. Dean is fine. The only problem is he's just not a good politician He cannot win Dean delivered a speech and I was after losing an Iowa Dean spent two years in Iowa Dean spent a lot of money in Iowa Dean if a normal person was stunned to support it frustrated that after all his exhausted and exhausting effort They didn't win an Iowa Dean was faced with the task you try to keep his supporters in himself energized Dean speech was entirely appropriate on that center and it says what's more everybody's commented about the screen Know's it but we're having fun with it. Okay, even he's having fun with the now and the fact that you're so fixated with it And you still don't want to understand what I told you before after your face from before He lost an Iowa just like Al Sharpen said let me said, you know Governor Dean don't be so hard on yourself I would have spent the money and time you didn't I want coming to this in third I be screaming too, you know And he just laughed because that's all he could do One thing about Al Sharpen, you know, he may be a miserable nasty piece of crap, but he's he's a panic Yeah, even if a secretary of comedy Okay, so I'll be said freaking Dennis Miller Anyway, Kuzanase the most that can be said is that the phony if the phony outrage harms Dean He was not sufficiently prepared either to avoid or respond to the phony outrage over his feet Well, there you go and says one of the graceful standard for a political performance we've sunk to his political performance was in the election in the caucuses in which he came in third Okay In addition to which even before the I have a screen speech even before that he was already dropping a Massachusetts I mean a new Hampshire of it. Helly are some new England state in New Hampshire and now that just kind of like, you know Raise a lot of doubts about his electability It says nobody thinks there was anything wrong with Dean speech. Okay That's why if you this is the same person I said watch it very carefully while you watch it very carefully and watch the look on Tom Harkin's face who standing right behind Governor Dean when he starts to really You know the big one he's got to look like okay. This is great You know, but like then he starts a little bit that you can see a little of a alarm creeping into his face like I'm saying he was alarmed I'm saying was a three-year-long job I'm just I'm trying to get you know acclimated back and where I know I actually done to try and this job You'd be very proud of me. I've got all my spots where they always are I got the log over here the the schedule We got the mad dog at two the hopper from the Super Bowl and boring Houston at four with I were Winder minute five the big oh at seven see when I was doing the thing from the other room on the phone I couldn't do the big like that. I felt you know insufficient any K attendage you on Mark overnight And of course in a morning well absolutely doesn't need me to be sent 1256 it 560 WQM and this is only good what about 70 80 hour show maybe not that long God if you've been looking for your hair for a long time guess what it's not coming back It's not making a comeback the answer is get yourself some real good looking hair from Charles Alfie ory with his natural Herylion system the best in the universe. That's why even guys who are loaded with cash if they're smart They go to Chuck Alphiri look at poor Dennis Cassinage Here's a guy who says a lot of the right things people like what he says But they take a look at that hair piece and they go Just like that so if you want to be laughed at like more for example Absolutely, I have a dead muskware on your head or some pasty looking thing that looks like Ronnie Regan's leftover Kiwi shoe polish Go right ahead. They'll have you there and saw patch you if you want to look like a munch look better when younger than you ever dreamed again There's only one way to do it no matter what anybody else tries to peddle you and that's Charles Alfie or his natural Herylion system you have nothing lose but that ball spot because Charlie's got that famous 30 day You're in tea after a month if you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells If you're not getting late least 15 20 30 40 times a day Charlie give you a full refund no question to ask but you won't want to get the money back because believe you me You'll be happy camper next in your rages when you call to save an extra 200 bucks off Nobody reasonable price a Charlie's natural airline system call him today. Tool free. There's no obligation 1 800 321 2413 That's 1 800 321 2413 or log out of that website at Charles Alfie or he dot com This is odd Not a tumor. It's the one the two hour It was And no bad for inches out in fall Guess why I didn't feel any interference And that's killing me right now Yeah, hard in the poor, we race Even if I've less wasted, so when home right now Are you alive? Are you alive? Are you alive? Are you alive? It's a minute after one, who the hell gives a flying cube about Iowa anyway And anybody cared? No, not really, I was Pretty cornball state if you asked me Actually, I'll say it again, I like Nebraska, okay, what'd you say? I've never been like Nebraska, you'd like Omaha just fine No, but I think it was skeptical, I think most people are on that's the Bible about that So much you were a Yahoo's, sounds like cowboy country, that's all I wanted to say I'm going to tell you something, Omaha makes Miami look like all South Florida look like, um, wow Do you need any New York, bad analogy? It makes it look like Ashville, South Carolina, blown up North Carolina Is Ashville in South Carolina or North Carolina? No, North Carolina, North Carolina, North Carolina, North Carolina Here's the latest, I see that same fact, she's going to be really better shaped with me I'm going to say it again, I tell you what I think, I'm not going to tell you what I think you want to hear Oh no, tell me what I think I think you'd like to get a hold of Charlize their own No matter how slippery she was, I would write on I will make voting Dean says to carry stop whining Now, is this the same doctor Dean, the same governor Dean that was whining to Terry McCollough for a couple of weeks ago about how the others and I will We're ganging up on him and picking on him bad and it was bad for the party With voters in New Hampshire casting ballots in the first Democratic presidential primary former and I'll leave you before I get him this Just say one thing, that's a really good sign In Iowa they had double the number of people show up for the caucuses as they did in the 2000s That is a good end in New Hampshire, they're going to break all records even though they got a little bit of snow out of big storm But they're going to break all records for turn out in New Hampshire, they said they're confident of that We know what that means that by my W, by my W, which is maybe one of the color it called earlier and said that the rush people are hysterical All right, we're going to spend they know that it's just a matter of time count on complacency Here's our message to George W, right I just mentioned that in passing, that's exciting news. Yeah, I really believe With voters in New Hampshire casting ballots for my former Vermont governor Howard Dean said today That front running senator John Kerry should stop lining about his critics Kerry has led the New Hampshire poll since his come for behind win in the Iowa caucuses last week I was the front runner in this race for a long time everybody threw everything they could have made Dean told CNN's this morning America American morning Oh, that's a show what at the bin bed on there. It would bill Hummer One of the things John will have to learn is a firm under his to stop whining when people say something different about him Kerry who was interviewed earlier On CNN defend it is votes on both the war in Iraq and the whatever the 82 the 92 whatever the Gulf war Said Dean was completely wrong attacking his record. I stood up for the security and common sense with respect to the soldiers who five wars Have to want those soldiers said Kerry decorate a Vietnam veteran became a prominent anti war activist and yada yada But Dean said Kerry will have to learn to be tough now these writing at the top of the polls. I had to take it all summer. He'll have to take it now He said Dean he didn't say where to take it back home. I think he had that in mind. Don't you think yes, that's probably what is think it about 567.0560 pound five 60 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line. There's duty would or fun CNN And our right duty would or see she's running You look at many votes after that speech here religious actually was skew in your last year. I'll have work Get a duty. I used to like you a little bit, but you know, I liked her because used to work with Bernard Shaw If we had Bernie Shaw this year, then we could roll up our sleeves and do do do you know what me? Yeah, and even governor Dean could roll up his sleeves And what elusive we could still make some headway see this business about what was nothing all that speech The problem is that the the wrap on him all along was that he didn't have the temperament to be present How many times have we heard that in our about third man and when somebody tells you that and he just kind of like give carried away And he gave them this great photo opportunity and there was so you know they're gonna show eight minutes time That's what happens So I would agree there was basically nothing wrong and he got a little carried away, but but the fact that a matter is you know This is live he needed to keep his cool and he doesn't know how to do that And even the duty doctor duty there says, you know when the veins in his next our poppin is that what she said in that bit Yes, sometimes I hate him sometimes I hate him even with his sheena punum 114 for carry 25.3 percent As we teach the other to the glam even the spix 449 votes on our pool your choice for today in New Hampshire 1874 16.4 percent so it's about a nine point gap I don't care it's all bullshit. It's 68. Wesley Clark's got 60. I think he's gonna do better in some people think What do you think? Yes, he will I don't care. I'm for bush 52 that's down to 11.5 percent all right see Edwards 45 10 percent Dennis Cassin is 24.4 percent if you had better here Dennis if you've gone to Charles off eerie You could be in double digits. I guarantee it too late Al-Sharpton 10 and You leave her men's got only six. Oh, he's got 1.3 percent 567560 pound five 60 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless wireless here at come on let's go let's get what he's called see I mean your right I should go back into phone in the other room The little be sent that a phones were smoking they were smoldering with that or you you see it that urgent ring Right when the lines are just flashing frantically now there's not a line of tickling even they flash loudly Yeah, does that even they're not even like a little tickle on there and of course the person who sent those two anonymous passes You think they're gonna call no no balls That was the phone working now and we have some kind of a oh there you go come on Yes, sir. Hey, how you doing pretty good? Radio actually yesterday some four to six I ran until phone were I'm called politically Simple something Richard for all What's the oh my Richard Pearl is the host? Yes, there was called simple politics some crazy thing like that You know it was pretty interesting though. What is your opinion on that guy Richard Pearl? Yeah, what is that round? Fascist Nazi Wow, but he was talking pretty pretty bad about Revolution everything that he's done lately Richard Pearl was talking bad So you need to get your hearing of it Fuck about what what was he talking about? I'm just pushes policy in the warning rack. I will Cheering Oliver and it's all because get out of here you're crazy for enriched your pearl my ass Maybe he was listening to mini pearl. Yeah Boy that doesn't know the name of the program he doesn't know we're now he heard it but the guy's then was Richard Pearl Sure, wow see that this goes to show you how dangerous America is Anybody with a radio TV or pop up poster can be really dangerous in a matter of moments or a couple of hanging chairs By the way in fact that's what that's what T.C. is thinking about on passions hanging Chad See you have no idea what that knows what to bad Get pretty emotional on I'm glad I mentioned that passions today is a must watch with all to be Spectrum I close friend of mad dog Listen to the radio with one ear and watch passions through with an NBC a must watch The gratuitous let's get Miguel naked again seen his in there, but the most important thing is what comes later on. It's just amazing Shocking or actually was little before that I think when Luis gets proposition by a gay What do you call it guys of where a porter and a hot-not-a-porter? What do you call him? What do you call the guy that does what no? Like a paramedic in the hospital And orderly and that's the word a gay orderly in a hospital excellent a golden proposition and then he goes to a fixed handsome Hanks do you know the lovely Hank not our Hank I'm not Quite a big Love that was fun, but he Moose her jealous. It's a great scene only on passions could you see it the writers must have been doing extra mushrooms before they wrote that episode Got to check it out today trust me or not WQAM hello Okay Yeah, but that's a local person though Yeah, it is that's what the guy was talking about oh see, but he doesn't know which Richard Pearl it is the guy's name really Richard Pearl Yes, but it's so different All right Yeah, see okay, so we should not that guy that much, but see if somebody says to me what do you think of Richard Pearl Yeah, he really there's only one Richard Pearl I know of and I start hearing Stop and that's this but I start here call wolfowitz Richard Pearl all of these people, okay? But anyway, why would anybody be listening to waxy? 790 people by their way on that states not like it's time broken. Oh my god I listen to it in the afternoon sometimes on the way home get out if I the Catholic church show starts at three Oh, I'm listening to you. I'm gonna go bless you. I want to replace it. Okay. Well, thanks for the info I was good. You see that was constructive he's straining out you want apology the other guy to you ripen there I apologize, okay. He won't accept it Richard Pearl okay. Well, this is the Paul wolfowitz show Yeah, well, I mean, you know they'll recognize the voice so the regular listeners don't know what's me, but maybe we'll concentrate on the right wingers Now get some of rushes audience. It's the Paul wolfowitz show and Unkindly no, I'm dragged drop in a few lines like You understand to just stop open strike up everywhere Yeah, things like that so they'll feel like it's sufficiently right wing will start catching some of them votes down 560 5050 50 Q8 QA in Yes, sir. Go on. You're how you doing? Starting here you're having some of our testicle typical Not anymore, man. We got it straight now now. We got it straight and hard Well now you're in luck. I'm the highest alley guy Yeah, thank you question for me Hey Any questions for me that was good Yeah, like what are you taking man and where can we get some? What are you on and where do we get it and when are you going? He must know Wilma you think you think he knows Wilma doesn't everybody Oh, God, I'm in no rush to meet her Okay, how's that pull coming everybody get on that and also get on our website? We got 80 million very important stories for that could save your life Oh, it's big of that don't let me forget the study that this goes to show you just how desperate us fat people are and I I admit it I was fat people are in denial But I admit it we are desperate Study lanes high carbs and weight loss. Wait till you hear this You're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're you're being locked in high car high car All right, and wait loss. Well put that on hold in your brain while we do the brain holding my brain 12 minutes after mother that big storm in New York coming up tonight New York in Boston again I've like 10 to 12 inches a no Easter You're gonna freeze well let me look out the window right now. No actually this is tomorrow This is all gonna be gone here. It's it's pushing it's pushing hard push it good I can't see a damn thing it's just like White it's just white outside like a winter wonderland like a very wonderland, you know well of course tomato. It's a very wonderland every day Hey, you guys last time you looked at it you decided it's just too small speaking of that it just doesn't impress women Or anybody else and definitely doesn't last as long as it used to we're talking about your paycheck of course But I thought wreck what a comedian. What a yucker Call fast train toll free at 1 866 fast train to start that new high paying computer career in just for short Months fast-ranking up he gets yourself a new high paying computer career and change your life for the much better The demand for computer professionals continues to grow so call fast train today at 1 866 fast train with seven locations Fast-ranked by the have a campus nearby you Fast-rank off-age job placement financial assistance for people to qualify and would day night and we can classes There's no excuse for you to stay to dead-in job no more if you're registered now You can have you new high paying career in just four short months So another worth let's see what is it now January February March April me in other words by the spring call fast train toll free right now at 1 866 fast train or check them out And I wicked worldwide web at fast train calm because now you two can have a big one like Todd Drek He's five 16 Oh, wait to go through life so how can you make love to you? Why did she that back in yeah? Who's some way? Shut up that boy and I'm gonna forklift around to the front lawn you need to lose six pounds off of your face I No more fat and sugar in the morning reading health it which you can't look back in the next red so You should back don't blame us to your fat ass Yeah, it's here that really fat so burger material. I'm gonna eat your attack it if you break your eyes She's more with Leo Feast You're Okay, so anyways study lengths high carbs and weight loss were all fat were big as a house Oh the glitters is we got the power back the banduses. It's like the end of the world outside I just went in the living room where I'd open up the drapes in a whole thing I mean I can just see white from where I'm sitting right now through the curtains But looking right through the window in there. It's like Stowing and blowing and blizzard and the thing the handful of people that are out there like You know hanging on for your life so they don't get blown away I It's really neat to look at it from the inside. You know, I think you're most remember I will not be going outside Anyway, in the midst of the low carb craze a new study Suggested by eating lots of carbohydrates and little fat It is possible lose weight without actually cutting calories and without exercising either Or sounds perfect The study was small consisting of just 34 overweight adults who either ate their recommended diet for three months ate their recommended diet exercise regularly or ate pretty much what they'll usually All meals were prepared for participants who were instructed to weed as much as they wanted That's bad bad advice They were also told to return any un-eaten food which to be Searchers said enabled and to calculate calorie intake many doctors dispute whether people can lose weight without reducing their food intake At least one question the studies accuracy but The diet is more compatible with conventional notions of health cleaning than the fatty low carb Actions or self-beats diets Participants under recommended diet lost about seven pounds without cutting calories and without exercise And almost 11 pounds with 45 minutes of stationary bike riding four times a week to control group loss no weight You follow that? No Participants under recommended diet lost about seven pounds without cutting calories and without exercise Okay Foods on these successful diets included the high fiber cereal Vegetarian chili whole wheat spaghetti many fruits and vegetables and skim milk daily calories total about 24 are did similar to participants usual consumption Okay the control group also received prepared meals with similar calories, but the foods included fatty things like sausage Scrabble eggs Macarote and cheese, oh I love them french fries whole milk and fewer fruits and vegetables All right, you know, you know, and it's just another Pollock crap is what it is whatever works for you, okay whatever works for you like it ain't snowed in for a couple of ways You lose a lot of weight especially if you don't have much in the covered if the covered is beer What are you doing that case that I guess you ordered delivery right on? See this being a real real city you could order like almost anything I mean chinks and Italian and the Greek Well, that's another story What's your choice? Need to enhance your primary today's our pull question for me to even 84 votes if we don't get to five 50 by a two o'clock George is doing the show the rest of the week as I'm sick Well, I mean I think we made a miraculous recovery today. I think I made a miraculous recovery Sure from the deaths of despair and of course just getting over this cold get my voice back and we're gonna all this damn Urban tea which by the way strawberry kiwi is the best. Oh, that sounds good. Hmm. I like kiwis It's um what what's the brand again the herbal tea celestial season so last all seasonings strawberry kiwi caffeine free T man it is the best It's a very too much you'll spend a lot of time in the tea room, but it's good Hmm, they're even better than highest in the high-biscuits. Oh, God Okay, here's the deal for an 84 votes carry 120 D 81 24.7% for scary John Kerry 16.7% for Howard Dean Precincter seeing heavy turnout by the way in the vote like I told you hopefully this done CNN There's certainly not news network big heavy turnout and Guess who the heavier turnout is supposed to favor? I know I'll give you one guess You have it a dean Because he said he's his sterical mad faxer that keeps like chewing me out like I had some to do with it He just might pull us off you never know You're only 38% have no party preference of the voters new Hampshire Which I don't know I had a problem accepting that right That's like done having a favorite color favorite food. Yeah, or here's a Justin says Richard Pro is on 798 M Monday 4 to 6 Thursday 8 and 9 p.m. It is not the ass wipe that's with a bushback We were both obvious he puts his own money up for the show which is obvious if you have a listen to him You should because he's putting out all the facts about the high-jac country from bush in his assholes Well, that's great just and but I'm not gonna be listening because number one on out there and I'm a serious by word I wouldn't listen to it and number three. I don't want to hear about that. I mean we already know that But of course how many listeners you got? I heard man In any case what you go dick Yeah, go dick carry one 21 D-81. I don't care. It's a lot of bullshit. It's 78 Clark 62. I don't care. I'm for bush 57 11.6 percent now looking big Edwards 52 who sent his 21 sharp in 13 and Julie revenge god Six months of balls he doesn't know where to stick him When that sounds good, you know a nice big bowl of hot mussable soup. Yes, it does I know where to get it to but I'm sure is how not going there today. But you're they deliver? No, they don't you don't take out taxi Huh take out taxi. They deliver everything. Oh, they do here. He had that. I'm sure we have that you must have something With what I do I don't want to do that go through all that folder all I can make me a nice big pot of spaghetti 560 560 pound five I Can't agree I love spaghetti man if I if there was just one food I could eat the West of my life forget about the ice cream Forget about sugar just spaghetti. Oh, man. Oh, yeah with sliced up hot dogs. I could just eat butter noodles Only problem is no we need Maybe I'll just like put on all my head. Maybe I'll rough it. Okay. How's that sound? I have a scarf. I got my heavy winter coat. I got my took Yeah, you got my boot you can't be in Canada without a took. I don't need no boots. Are you crazy? Put all needs boots. Uh, Peter walking the boat is our pansies man All right, boots. Yeah, and I think I'm gonna walk and go to the store. All right Why the how am I you gonna get so it's blowing hard? Listen, you're fat. You got all that installation. That's right give it a shot Then I can and even if I'm not sick I can pretend and call and sick the rest of the week even if we do get to 550 Somebody faches me says political movies This is our good fact. We're WWE and Del Rey who should know better come on WWE. I'll get with it Bob Roberts didn't there wasn't Bob Roberts on our poious today I recommended highly to you and say I'm gonna bring it back when I come home and they can see it Yes, with 10 robins. It's great Primary colors John provol to put a place a Clint and S Kennedy Wasn't that the one where they got the wagging the dog thing from primary colors Or am I right I'm not sure they did have I think was probably ragged the dog is moving With rubber dinner or Justin Hoppin or at least I know that is because it's honey Well, I haven't seen either one of them The man James Earl Jones plays the first African American president He demand no way out naval officer Kevin Costner investigates a killer close to secret to defensive gene hackman surprising We good Prince Jack and a river look at the JFK myth Truman Gary Sinesey rocks as the president that's far from a car through dropped the bomb and said the bucks stops here And pat to the war How I'll be Jay Galkhubney morass of Vietnam the last film of John Freckanimer of mentoring Kennedy fame And reindeer games to excellent the list their WWE well and don't write like I said you redeem yourself 567 05 60 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line WQAM Neil yes sir. I was going hey. I got a pull idea for tomorrow. Okay Who would it take for you to vote for George Bush Who would it take? What do you want to send me? Like Who could it be running against the you would vote you'd rather vote for Bush? Oh, okay. That's a good idea. I like that good idea Thanks pal. Actually idea What at the word a little better that? Oh, come up the guy gave us a good idea. See what I mean about George Josh. He is such a hard ass You don't give a little better buddy. You you don't cut anybody even like a half an inch of slack. What's your point? Your heart ass you are lava loving hard ass bitch. Yeah, the guy comes up with an excellent Great idea. I said yeah, you know I have to wear those if better like you're not here I mean he's trying to like put in the words how often have I done it a million times okay I'm right Not gonna guy you're a black and man you're not gonna reason he's probably Recon I don't know we got a word a little bit. I think he was Colombian No, that's just what I'm saying again. Let's write it out No, I'm just I'm gonna write it up all right which How do you how do you say it? I'm not gonna say nothing now. No, seriously, which candidate? Uh huh What happens? I mean run against bush for you to vote for bush Huh? I don't know how else you said Which candidate? Okay, let's write again. Who would the Democrats have to run? For you to vote for bush The Democratic who would the Democratic candidate have to be? Excuse me. I'm right and pretty slow for an old fart. Who would the Democratic candidate have to be? For you to vote for you. Obviously we'll have those who are already for bush and those who wouldn't vote for Under any circumstance I don't think that's the idea that the guy had and and not what was the idea then that we could just put anybody on the list because if you do it that way The candidates that are already on there leave remains gonna win It's just gonna be the upside down version of the poll we've already said them then what did he have in mind then like Explain it to me who what human being alive on planet earth right now could they run against bush that would make you vote for bush? I see I sure like that a lot better because I'll kill most more time her her. All right. I got I got one that's a mutton here. You go If I had to choose between those two I just I just leave the country. That's already did 20 maybe I was pressure 28 past one at five sixty wqm Hey welcome in the Chinese new year with the Emerald Coast from now through February the 8th join the Emerald Coast for its Traditional Chinese New Year specialties how these specials include roasted duck Suckling pig can I say that the sweet and sour fish and an assortment of Chinese dumpling served every evening During the New Year's celebration with every meal every child receives a traditional Chinese New Year lucky charm And try and amochose of course as its regular buffet goodies all waiting for you like six different kind of soups New York strip made order in a sizzling Asian grilled the brand new seafood change yoc oysters on a half shell Alaskan stone crabs middle-necked clams jumbo shrimp scampy every night if you still have room Try the handcar per mer of the new Thai specialties and please don't ever forget that there's no MSG No cornstarch no MSG headaches no crap at the Emerald Coast they use only cholesterol free or is an all-acquokin too The buffet features a full salad bar the new sushi bar fresh from cocktail as well and if you have any room at the end I don't know how you could but if you do bring along that crowbar and make some room for dessert because they got a full dessert station With Belgian moffles pies and cakes pastries ice cream and audio favorite toppings and even fresh fruit the Emerald Coast relocations for your real feast anytime sunrise pineapple at a 44th street North Miami Beach Collins Avenue just north of 163th street and in Pembroke Pines at the intersection of Flemengo and prestigious Pembroke roads So take the whole family book you next business lunch and right now and let the folks at the Emerald Coast cook of a feast for you take out into the free available to call nine five four five seven two thirty eight twenty two That's nine five four five seven two thirty eight twenty two for the amazing unbeatable Unmeccable Emerald Coast Chinese buffet On the here You You You One thirty four five six knees fired up about it George Sirious rights. Do you don't think I'm gonna read this to you? Could you please? Yes In yesterday's guardian UK newspaper The headline is the U.S. is now in the hands of a group of extremists. He's my hero The invasion of Iraq was the first practical application of the pernicious bush doctor in a preemptive military action And it elicited an allergic reaction worldwide not because anyone had a good word to say about Saddam Hussein But because we insist on invading Iraq you to laterally without any clearest that he had anything to do with nine eleven Or that he possessed weapons of mass destruction The gap in perceptions between America and the rest of the world has never been wider a broader America's seen as abusing the dominant position in occupies opinion at home has been led to believe that Saddam post a clear and present danger to national security Only in the aftermath of the Iraqi invasion of people becoming aware that they've been misled Even today many people believe that 911 justifies behavior that would be unacceptable in normal times The ideologues of Americans of Premesean President Bush personally never ceased to remind us that 911 changed the world It is only as the untoured consequences of the invasion of Iraq become apparent that people are beginning to realize something is gone Welfarely wrong We fall into a trap the suicide bombers motivation seemed incomprehensible at the time of the attack now a light begins to dawn They wanted us to react away we did Perhaps they understood as better than we understand ourselves and we've been deceived when he stood for election in 2000 President Bush promised a humble foreign policy I contend that the Bush administration has deliberately exploited 911 to pursue policies that the American public would not have otherwise tolerated The US can lose its dominance only as a result of its own mistakes at present the countries in the process of committing such mistakes Because it's in the hands of a group of extremists who strong sense of mission is matched only by their false sense of seritude This distorted view postulates that because we are stronger than others we must know better and must have right on our side That is where religious fundamentalism comes together with market fundamentals and deform the ideology of Americans of Premese We may have more difficulty in perceiving the absurdity of pursuance of Premesey by military means because we've learned to rely on military power And we particularly feel the need for when our very existence is threatened But the most powerful country on earth cannot afford to be consumed by fear to make the war on terrorism the centerpiece of our national strategy Is an abdication of our responsibility is the lead nation of the world the US is the only country that can take the lead in addressing problems That require collective action Preserving peace and economic progress protecting the environment and so on Whatever the justification for removing Sodom there can be no doubt that we have invaded Iraq on false pretenses Wittingly or unwittingly President Bush decede the American public in Congress and wrote rush out over our allies opinions The gap between the administration's expectations and the actual state of affairs couldn't be wider We put it risk not only our soldiers lives, but the combat readiness of our armed forces We're overstretched our ability to protect our powers been compromised yet there are more places where we need to protect our project our power than ever North Korea is openly building nuclear weapons. Iran is doing so tendestantly the Taliban is Regrouping in the post-unir is of Afghanistan the cost of occupation and the prospect of permanent warway on our economy And we're failing to address the festering problems both at home and globally If we ever need proof that the neocons dream of Americans of supremacy in this conceived America Iraq has provided it It's hard to imagine how the plans of defense department could have gone more or Rye we find ourselves in a crackmire that is in some ways reminiscent of Vietnam Having invaded Iraq we can't extracate ourselves the message pressured with raw is likely to build as the In the Vietnam war but would wrong but inflict irreparable damage on our standing in the world in This respect Iraq is worse than Vietnam because of our dependence on Middle East oil Nobody forced us into it, but on the contrary everyone warned it against it Admittedly Sodom was a high heinous tyrant and it was a good thing to get rid of them, but at what cost? The occupying power service of focal point for attracting terrorists and radicalizing Islam are soldiers have to do police work in full combat gear And the cost of occupation is estimating it is staggering $160 billion for the fiscal years 2003 and four 73 bid in for 2003 and 87 bid in an assufflemental request for 2004 Submitted at the last minute in September of three Of the $87 billion only 20 billion is for reconstruction but the total cost of reconstruction is made at $60 billion for comparison are for an 8 budget for 2002 was only $10 billion There's no easy way out the Bush administration is eager to get the UN more involved But is unwilling to make the necessary concessions We have no alternative to sticking it out and paying the price for armistake Eventually a different president with a different attitude to international cooperation may be more successful and Estricating us the US is not the only country at the center of the global capital of system But it's the most powerful in the main driving force behind globalization the European Union may equal the US in population In gross national product, but it is far less united in far less comfortable with globalization In military terms the EU doesn't even qualify as a power because members of it make their own decisions Insuffer as any nation is in charge of the world order it is the US That is not to suggest that other countries are exempt from having to concern themselves with the well being of the world The retitudes are not without consequence, but it's the US that matters most If Bush is reelected in 2004 his policies can be written off as an aberration and America Resume its rightful place in a world But if he is reelected the elector will have endorsed his policies and we will have to live with the consequences But it isn't enough to defeat Bush at the polls the US must examine its global role in the top of our constructive vision We cannot merely pursue narrow national self-interest our dominant position imposes a unique responsibility George Cerro sin yesterday's a guardian you can 20 till 2 at 5.60 Q a n They're married Catherine Coming up tonight on inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story We take a good hard stiff look in the start up They had the same name as the dog in the wizyu to boss But that's where there's similarity to anything interesting and they were to feel We found the music of totos who beat tremendously effective in curing insomnia Marvin Naadoff is the founder of a sleek disorder research lab in Palomalau, Tokyo, California I mean those f*** start playing and bam you are out man check it out Oh Nobody's driving when they hear this Unfortunately Marvin civil people are driving right now. Hey just to know that totos music My music is being used to heal people, you know? I mean what more could an artist want? Congratulations totos frontvent David Page You are the 100th celebrity on our program to refer to yourself as an artist What in fact you really bow oh wow um what an honor Totos founder and lead singer David Page was suitably stunned at receiving his undo a claim for being a pretentious mother Board with him we returned to the sleep disorder clinic where totos chart-topping hit Africa was curing in sound the accident record numbers Oh Children what can be said about them that hasn't already been said about watching paint fry It's a big juicy shopping with look at show business tonight on inside behind 145 at 5.60 WC remember when I said a couple of minutes ago about Bundling up and braving the weather going outside yeah you decided not But got about it yeah That's my best you did. I just went and living room and looked out the window man. Yeah blizzard like the World is just just unreal you couldn't walk out an added failure you're like to pen it on it I'll just have to like commit sausages So I just have a little speaking of sausage little pasta Huh? I got plenty of soda in the house little more erb tea to suit my throat take a nice long nap before you know it's time for the show tomorrow So I wrote out the poll for tomorrow Who would be the democratic candidate who would the democratic candidate have to be free to vote for bush? There you go And of course on for bush regardless Who? No, you're really gonna give them an out and yes Yeah, yeah, yeah, I'll give them a place to go place to roost okay. They got to have somewhere to go hopefully And maybe on Mars will be good. Oh speak of that Now that opportunity the twin of spirit is sitting there near the rock formations and they're one and out What do they say one and a trillion? Chance that would land there right Opportunities meridian a plan on landing site Was chosen because it's believed to be full of iron bearing a hematite The semi-precious mineral usually forms on earth in the presence of Life water Oh Leading scientists to believe that water once flowed there Principal investigators thieves squares called the spot the hematide capital of the solar system Well if that be true, which I have no way how we would know that but if that's true That means water water everywhere not a drop to drink but Don't be flushed in down because there might be some life in that sink Right sitin life on Mars baby how do they really I bet you they're screwing that a kind of like come up with some new chapters Huh Maybe with some new apostles and some new chapters and some new getch keys. Oh, how how did God take time to put life on Mars when he Earth is supposed to be to center The universe knew everything we've all's around the earth. They have a pat answer for anything that exists that is not I'm waiting here at in the Bible. I'm waiting to hear it. The Bible discusses things that exist it doesn't discuss everything that exists I see well why not Because it's all you need to know where I mean you don't go base Abraham didn't God give Moses all these The long tablets though. He said take to and call me in the morning. See we're on a need to know basis from God We know if I will get the everything that we need We didn't know something somebody better call him up because we sure is how they'll know too much Especially the way things are going lately. It's got everything you need 560 560 pound 560 on a AT and T and Verizon wireless line well I'll take seriously This feels today like a 40 hour. I feel like a marathon man. Oh, marathon man. I got that drop in here Do you somewhere? I'm waiting for it I thought it was in here. Yeah. Well take your time. We only got a few minutes to kill anyway Tell me your way and hello here we go It's safe Oh, no. Yes, sir. No God came here for one rubber jump. Yeah, it's rubber and drones it came here to get ready You're right. That's why in fact he sent a you to the moon man You and Alice are both going to the moon at three times for our fun drones today Get a life a mightaway dick fine versus don't ever come back to the track unless you got a bucket full of money Really hastily track does it huh? He hangs out at the track and pop it apart. Yes Yeah, okay, I'm gonna tell Wally Hinesi with Minda shape Hey, Wally when erase this month. What do you say? Hey, oh, it's he a stiffness. Wow, what can you do at Wally and Swaco's WQ and hello 2 AM Mr Radio Radio done man. I just did okay Hey, yeah, you catch a anything last night on theory the one thing The Dean's talking about some politics with some kids since school and You have the word no, you didn't miss the how the woman kind of it He is the best wow he is my what? No, he is the best. Hey touches all the bases baby Even Pete Rose never touched that many What who's your choice and then do Hampshire primary I think this is the last time Oh, we got the five fifth of we need to keep you off the earth rest a week a bag like I said We get 8,000 votes Carry 134 24.3 percent Dean 88 and it's really great. He's got 16 percent Doing better here. I think he's gonna come in second. I really do Don't you yes all that crap bottom coming in third In fact, he'll even pull it out Hey, very long 34. DNA. The eight I don't care. It's all much of bullshit 87 Clark 66 I don't care I'm for bush 65 11.8 percent Edward 63 right on bushes as Who's still is 25 sharp in 15 and Do you believe her men's got seven Out of five 50 only 1.2 percent why is he wasting everybody's time huh? I That some useful human being might be enjoying so much WQAM hello Now that is the sound of silence if you ever heard a line sound that didn't you like Wow WQAM hello Another one QAM Oh, uh Can we please add Jackie Johnson to my tall Right, I like to you like to stick Jackie Johnson on your poll any day man Oh, really wish and spitter that's skank that oh brother. I think of that poll the other day That was something what maybe they like a donkey push. I don't know WQAM hello What is the story here man? I don't know WQAM hello Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. How do you know how much did you pay to take that Reverend fell out Tell me again. No, it's not He called all the time that Reverend guy. That's not him. Okay. That's not me. No, it's not you You're not clever enough to be him. It's not him. What's the lady it's not his first mother's baby with her? What? It's him and a buddy Yeah, we read the credits on the CD that they sent you Oh brother you really you need uh rehab is what you okay? You and Rush and your boy your dad's only thinking of Rush Yeah Their tag teaming Why are you so with Depa about this? I keep trying to do the know about it. You won't listen to me. I don't really care I am okay you right whatever you say every call is Reverend Joe's and his name team How okay every call Okay, all right everyone you watch this next one you'll see WQAM Reverend Joe's line hello Was that Reverend Joe? Of course not that's a heterosexual main calling The which one that was a heterosexual calling obviously You don't know which Jack Johnson he's talking about He's talking about Jack Johnson Johnson's Jack 152 at 560 QM thank God it'll be over soon Man the pain is just unbearable My And local here's for radio 560 QA Yeah It's a bitch I heard a lot by the way I've been given it some scores Already think of this I know that me and you can do much better go with six to ten and not in five A genital in the cranky joule. I think we might be happy to get there I Think you really got out of your mind you gotta have your way we bag Strasse on two sides no chance I'll go and show it to I grab a dive with the graph each and get there Why I'll help you know that I don't think my be true from Brooklyn hi I Don't Show what you and me for me is much better System 10 not five it's only right that I should get worse leave the night I think we might be happy I Four Oh, right. 158 at 5.60. WQM. I got an email from my good friend, Can't help her in from nationwide limo. Yes, which were back in good the graces and did a wonderful job. You know that when he brought me to the airport to come up here, he brought his little Chihuahua puppy. Aw. Yeah. Probably a few minutes. Just a few months old. It's actually a bigger net. Almost as big as tiny was. And he was like chewing on me the whole way to the airport and the dog too. Actually, it was a cute little dog. I'm not getting no more dogs, though. Can't thank you very much, but it just didn't go over to big in my house the idea that I don't think so. No more babysitter. No more getting tied down. No more cleaning up the old. She was okay when I was there and I could clean up the crap. That was okay. I'm the duty man. I didn't mention something. And you should have chewed me out for a good friend. I had line of city subs. Oh, there is.