C counselor is drawn in the end, ape watch set, jump for flowerland and draw oh, When you spilled a balloon, you spilled out all these added paper fruit You don't give it to you, but it's crushing you, you silly bottles, but all You can start a walk out of the silence that is in Oh, you can start a walk out of the other side of the home Down to the trees and we go back to the world that is deep You can start a walk out of the silence that is deep All the freedom and riches we need every one day And some of the hagglers are there All the more we can't have a friend or a miss Both of them are my friends who have been for me All the more we can't have a miss All the more we can't have a miss All the more we can't have a miss All the more we can't have a miss All the time our love and love and love and love The tragedy is not too much But our kids now is so bored We are not the kids now is so bored But our kids now is so bored But our kids now is so bored But our kids now is so bored But our kids now is so bored We are just talking about the comedy of the day And did we work? That's right because I started playing that listening bat before the show And you said, oh sticks And still they break my bones but don't come short Anyway so I guess we're all done now Yeah I thought it was How long have I been telling this audience Take your radio and just put them in the bottom of the swimming pool And the bottom of the bathtub It's a real good idea just to shoot canem You're good I should have said that because they are in hard juniors Probably get another 25,000 dollar fine What will get all of that sub-bad news from Iraq again though? Where do we think we thought was going pretty well? Well we're fine But guess what it ain't Two more US orders killed the separate bodies in Iraq Two killed and two of us were wounded One very seriously by the way In separate bombings that occurred with an hour's de-wess military said today The attacks also injured and Iraqi translator The names of the soldiers were with help pending notification of families As of yesterday One thousand sixty four members of US military A dozen for war began in March 2003 Of those 809 died in hostile acts in the Fidgencloat 3 military civilians It's approaching 1100 in size 5, each day which is 3.5 weeks away It'll probably be over 1100 or about Didn't close And you have to wonder what is the magic number I mean what the I should have been the number one Once you got the block 30 I should have been up to set off some warning Fleshing lights and bells and scrub like that All the fleshing lights on The latest report that came out the early this morning About 430 this morning said Absolutely positive in the army shadow about no questions about it This is all about the cram How many more reports? But we need already But anyway Shoulders all see yesterday's poll and we'll talk about it What we're going to do now What do we going to do? What? Retired Yeah that's something or maybe You can act like a man What do we do? Yeah we could do that What am I going to do? 1764 photos actually is more than that now But I'm not going to bother with it Which of these things would you most hate being thought of as By others? Teals Dorm 277 You want to be thought of as dumb Like that Republican 275 Of course don't you see how these kind of like kind together? Allows you to lay is that Tom Derele Lows you lay 249 We'll get to him also The time is 227 Be a freaking liar Well I don't want to use that A scream word like freaking liar And that's what Carrie should have said No I don't want to I don't want to say you're a liar A freaking liar He didn't actually say the effort like Taney did How come it's okay for Taney to say it But now for John Kerry Shut up, Coney Religious tonight at 1296 Don't want nobody thinking to me as a religious night First of all when I'm walking around with my schmatha On my head and my sisters and my Talis and my kithilin Fat Slob 178 Pummo 106 Oh no homo I'm a homo Boring 66 Ugly 58 Dolphane 55 Are there any doll fans out there? Any moo now If I can't imagine the amount of dolphin a Perfinator this being buried and burned That's the idea Like Steve Dalded with the disco Infrared Burying on the disco Records How's that? Sure, but those are collectors I don't know The dolphin star of an alias Yeah, right Let's put it away I think I'm a great idea for somebody Not us of course because we're not a sports show But somebody does a sports show to get a thing Or you burn on your dolphin jerseys and calf stuff like that Just as my protesting the organization The way they destroyed the whole freaking thing Dolphane 55 A WIMP 34 Even Bush one Didn't want to be found I was who might be even though he was Oh 32 Ancient Short 11 People by my mean calls So it's like they are carry We met at the debate That was the first time we met Yeah, first time we met Here's Laura Bush Here's my little bit of lady birdjohns You know that's sure the bullish and it's pretty Yeah, oh, I got such a great line for that But the secret service would be very upset So so much of a small word like yeah Carla Bruney is our B.D. Curtain chick today She was born December 23rd, 1968 Which makes her 35 almost 36 getting really ancient She was born in Tudino Tudino And what did she do? She was in Lady voice Unzipped Paprat Singh Where she played herself Catwalk She went from in the village And that's about it And the Masthos Omraet Lumieri She's not like I don't know that So there we go That's she's on her Carla Bruney Whoever it helps she is she looks okay She's a model. She's been around. She's got the right part. She's got a couple of boobies on her If you're old enough in your promise to tell several friends Just like what's his name? Juan Pofildos, you know If you're promised to tell a friend we're going to give this to you these 85 pieces of cover for like $4 for 300 payments of $4.85 If you promise to tell a friend How do they know if you're really going to tell a friend And I've never seen those in commercials They have a face I see And of course if you don't tell a friend that way they want the money back Wording loses job over naked inmates flat Now is that a three or a four minute break we're coming up I'm sure it's only three right so a week break A lot of who's more strong break or worse A strong break It's a strong break It's a strong break We'll run you some yellow break And of course I'll follow them We'll break We'll break Just just just just just follow what you're problem We'll break Just just like a baby I do something We'll break Just like a dream We'll break We'll do something It's one of three the circle we'll play We'll break We'll break Just just like a baby Who's right Just ask what's that If you tell a friend You'll do something like where they're in this classroom Come with me Because you're not fair He like where they're in this classroom Your work out won't be nothing Its perfect for your life As Mii lle in the air You know I'm bad You break back I don't care But I give this ancora ... Say some goodать, say some rough Rather, as it parses touse the TV issue, it older you. C lamb will die with his high sensitivity. because we really reach it's appropriate that you're going to be on up because we reach the crossroads where we all have to like we have vanuite our stations in life already our stations are our stations oh speaking of gas don't look now guess what the price of barrel of oil is now it's really crude oh I don't look uh uh 51 50 nah not even close 52 40 oh man oh so thank you Mr. President for those low gas prices thank you for really doing a hell of a great travel that you're in Iraq getting control of that Iraqi oil and helping the American know it really really it's their rock solid rock solid yeah man it is just a frequent I'm is what is all for the QM van right now it's a shell station on 27th Avenue in the US one in Miami stop by to pick up a peritticist of the John Mellon camp concert tomorrow can't why don't we say John Kubramel camp anymore is that pass a he uh dropped that he dropped the cover that you're hoping it inherited uh maybe you can get a peritticist of the John Mellon camp concert tomorrow or the C George Carlin next to the I certainly would prefer that at the Jackie recent theater in Miami Beach while they last say butterhead right now the QM van is that the shell station 27th Avenue is one in Miami and you don't have to spin the vehicle or uh tickle anybody's fancy over there Frank or McGellah were just hanging out in the van right just over to say I want some tickets either to the John Mellon camp concert I say I'm so used to say John Kubramelon camp they told you how long since I said that name I'm pleased is that if I can say that Jeff Gondr you remember Gonser from Gondr is real oh no he was terrible on here he's not a bad guy but awful on here he used to call him John Mellon balls because you have this thing called Gonser's grill but they will not want to go back to that that was bad and we can get tickets to see that clown tomorrow or C George Carlin next Tuesday is the Jackie Lees theater Miami Beach lobby last so hop on by the event and hop them up Zephyr Hills Florida never been there I might have the Warden and four other officers had a state prison lost their jobs after an investigation found that a suicidal female inmate was held naked for several days oh my god investigate his city yesterday found no evidence the 27 year old woman in the only female inmate at Zephyr Hills correctional institute was actually abused it's not clear why the woman was held in the psychiatric wing it was not given clothing or exactly how many days she was naked but third man Warden Giri Thomas is sitting Warden Roy Malellie Adiyati Adiyati Colonel Dumbledigh the third and command whole bunch of these people all resigned prison psychiatrist Dr. Noah Jinnett was fired if there's too much of people are resigned got fired the woman saw was private because you may have been guarded by a men's staff you following this okay to have transferred from another prison saturday to server sentence for having sex while HIV positive and committing bed we had a law enforcement officer I reset so now our sympathy level just kind of like drop right off the face of your restaurant if you're real sympathetic to her maybe you got to throw her ass into a boogar right there someplace like that and let what's your name take her I think she probably have a pretty good time with her what was her name the trailer trash bitch oh my girlfriend Lindy Linde Linde McDaniel what's your name again England Linda how could I forget England I'm trying to five six seven I here's the pool what am I given the number out of having to pull you my mom had to myself because of that fifty two dollar and forty cent price for a barrel of oil that is crude now listen I noticed on our website we have that fantastic thing on here recommend for all the offensive line on our behind-the-beard curtain thing along with Carla Brunei and a bunch of other pretty ronshi stuff I didn't notice until last night and you had noticed it at all being the non-sports nerd that you are being mr. anti-sports I'm anti-neal your anti-sports uh... the cheerleaders there are these supposedly this are doing the ass to ask the back to back to the with a colorful law that's a beautiful piece by the way there with the dolphin flashing colors on there the awkward orange if you notice but anyway if you look at the cases you realize number nine there is a fever number so i need to touch you feeling on it at you know what that those with her heads on their superimposed more you didn't sure i did my talk to you about it before the show you pretending to know we just line all for the I attend the the party was today hey Sorry, no, if it would have been me, I might have done this. The door is called and they want to stop. Yeah, see that's it. That's all you know. We don't really need to rest of that. And we hear today's poll, who should WQN and we keep doing this all over and over again, because once they blew up the first team and since that day and I keep mentioning this because it's so embarrassing. But since that day, it's like to hump the gunking thing and all the king's horses, all the king's answers and all the king's men couldn't put the pieces of the morning together again. I'm QA and may not be able to put the pieces of AM radio ever again. I've been saying AM radio has been dead for many years and now AMFM according to the sirnmyship. And he knows his crap supposedly, does ask him. AMFM are big, deep-doodoo because once the major personalities from any radio commercial radio line up on serious XM anything like that on the internet, you're regular radio is going to be worth about a dime. You're able to buy radio as it creases for a dime. Are they still in business creases I doubt it? I've never heard of it. Nice news, creases, five in dime, all of those joins. So probably all of them belly up. Who should WQN put on in the morning? 6 to 10 AM on Stearnville's hot and January 2006. Now I've read it in a scripty months away. The good part about that for our listeners is that at least on January 1, 2006 we've heard two whenever day it is. We go back to attend to two, no more than 10, 30, 10, 40. What was it today about 10, 46, I do believe something like that? They're about. Yeah. So no more of that. Again, the not that I'm complaining. I don't want that old crusty fart from New York and how to be asking. Oh, yeah, yeah. I'll be out there soon. Go back on the subway. I hope you get the run over by a free train. Anyway, here are the only choices I put on there so far. We don't have any on there yet, do we? Nope. That's all. Well, I gave you Bob and Tom. Right? Rick and Sudwich is a property process. It's going to be Georgian Sudwich tomorrow. The first vacation show for me. And the Sudwich will be on there. It has some free food. I don't care that Rick Roddy's a grandpa. Okay, so don't pour the audience with Rick's personal crap. So if I want every reason that we're delighted the end on the year anymore. What? Somebody like her. No, we don't. Why do you care? Why don't you admit just right now on the year that you hate Rick Roddy like, Go poison them, which would die or which it did. Don't get run over by a driver or something. Don't. So when I got Bob and Tom, you following us now Josh on phone. Rick and Sudwich and I've all listened period. No words no matter who we put on the morning, but either got some of their station before they show whatever I want to send for it. And then they can add on whatever names they whatever choices they want. And I mean don't don't go to him. I don't care what you want to put on sure. Well we oughta put them on there right now. But nobody more hard suggests that. Okay, more how we gave it. Why was going to let them have an opportunity to suggest that? Absolutely. More probably what it called in. Are we going to put a bunch of slides themselves or is it going to be like, Mo and Jolly like the old and then you can put whatever you want. I don't care. I'm easy. More how we gave it. More Jolly. Yeah. And we'll see what else they've got in mind. I'm listening. I'm sure that which I find most of the ZAR. WQM, hello. You can put it. It wasn't one of the old man I put in, but I'll be ready by that. Who is it? Juan and what old man I was the most. Oh yeah, Juan from a little. Okay, thank you. Mo and Juan from a little. That's good. I like that. Because that one is really. Oh, great. But you know, so once I was still on the stand, of course we don't work for people who have any concepts of what talk radio is all about. So the idea that they never ever said, hey, we just have put in the same chronic people on here all the time. We don't want cry on here. If the dead metal talk radio, they don't get it. They just don't understand it. They're just to whistify the going to say it. I just, it's just common sense. To anybody who's even got the time he's clue. Do we have a clue? No. WQM, hello. Hey, George. Yes, sir. Hey, I just wanted to give you guys a head stuff. You guys are giving away tickets that John Melon can't concentrate. But I think it's canceled. Well, I saw we're giving away. Thanks to the bad news, Belly. Okay, no problem. Are you positive? I just want to write you guys, can I read it yesterday? Right. And then there's something we'd take a magazine and I'm no longer available. So, we have a magazine available. The guy doesn't mean it's canceled. That means it probably sold out. Well, I, like I said, I read yesterday that it was canceled. So you got to do it with a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit. If you're a little second on it, if it isn't way to go to the scan, we don't care what you're going to do. All right, don't talk. Thanks. How do you like that? No, no, no. You don't have to do anything like that before. Hey, listen. When we did it for the time, we scanned the audience. In fact, we're going to give away tickets to the dolphin home opener in the, I figured out there real quick. Hopefully not for next season but for this season. You know, the game that they lost already? What was the home opener? That was opening day was it who they lose to the first week was it. Oh, that's right. Tennessee. And it's coming to find out. Tennessee is pretty lame. There are shadow of what they were just a couple years ago. They're not much. So how do you like that? Nothing could be fine of them to beat up on Carolina. I don't think they got Carolina on the stage of the league. Arizona, which we thought Arizona was really weak and in the last Sunday. They pounded a crap out in the Orland. So not that the Orland is too good. But we're just trying to basically define the team any team that's that it often's by when. So how do we find out about that about the John Mullen camp concert that we're trying to give away tickets to that the concert was canceled. How do you do that? No wonder we got so many tickets to give away right? Right. Josh is going to google it. He's going to. Yeah. Do that googleized things. You're listening to me. Roger. You're listening to me. On 566. You A. A. Exciting news. We got the mole filling in for a man dog at two. Holy Macanon. This is Joe Bowen, the boy. So they're going to labelates and you're listening to the hockey authority. Neil God. The man of the moment. By the way, the man of the Jenshalsert is going to be released. Yes. We'll be exploded. So dumb and people give it. It wasn't taking the gas that we were going. This is going. What? First time a crescer nation out of Ryan only one that's going. Now more blood will be spilled. You get that oil going. Forget about the rain. The new star toast in that mess. Right, please. Really slow. Over and over to our head. That is right. And so. That is so fast and structured. I'm dying on the air. I'm dying on the air. Three thousand people killed. I'm now forgotten. I'm at the exploit of its death. And if there's oil to be counted. So when that person down to, playing Kato Sama, there's no longer mention of. It's made in law. But no one seems to be certain of being complacent. Believe in every word of this cruel administration. That control is by fear through the air. The manipulation and the right wings is really good over and over to our heads. And I recognize them. Where friends of fastest structure. Ah! The loss of civil rights is the price that we're paying. We're all suspects now. Not the ass profits, say it. I have nothing to hide. Table partners all are saying. I know being a kid, Kato don't have any reserved agents. Kato provoked battle and world annihilation. Ogrishing must fall and have a virgin and so. With no objection at all. Till the crackstone have the fall and both. Right wing is really good over to our brain. I recognize them. I'm in so fast destruction. Only I recognize them. I'm in so fast destruction. I'm not a friend. I'm just a boy. Shall we have a few? Let's go on to the music. What are you saying? Anyway, Sam Pax has been saying to you. You can change to watch the fifth of state on CBC last night. No, didn't. It's a real. Really looks up to his name. I guess it's what Sam trying to say. Actually, behind you guys television immediately. Well, hold your breath right now. Sam, I'll let you know what it exhale. Says how to create vacation. And we should put it on our website. He says, well, it's looking to that, huh? Maybe Eric could do that. The fifth of state last night on CBC. I don't know about CBC. I'm just saying, this is so interesting. And if you get a little bit of play, but when A.S. grew up, it gets just a little bit of a play when carry first and wrong flavors like big news headlines. All we wanted were the facts, but dictating ended up generating confusion lots of it. And between all the lies, a slip of the tongue by the vice president just before it's hated at the table. During two D.S. debate with John Edwards, said web surfers to a site run by George Soros, a video and it will make no secret of his opposition is hatred for the bush Nazi bull. An answering your question about his involvement with Halibut and Cheney mentioned it right people to factcheck.org. An on partisan site run by the University of Pennsylvania's Aminburg Public Policy Center. He ors people watching the debate to go to the site for a facts kind of we had worth statements about the corporation that Cheney used to run aka Halibut and but Cheney cited factcheck.com a for profit advertising site based in the Cayman Islands. The company decided we'd direct traffic to the Soros site after became indicted with his about 100 a second after the debate. John very hill I followed up your lawyer for factcheck.com said Wednesday to buy they didn't direct them all to the argyes.com. What do you have the facts? Right? He said that's right. The facts. This was to release stress on the service and respect of political point of view of said very host spoke with the sites of administrative shortment of the debate ended. They fixed Soros not only for his political views very ill said but because the bill here could afford the costly dead huge of hits the cell would receive and the weight of the debate plus the site of administrative didn't want to point surface of a candidate site that was asking for money. Soros was not advised that the switch didn't know what it took in place until Wednesday said a spokesman Jeremy Ben Amie. And I'm pressing a number of visitors to factcheck.org comes to site to crash several times yesterday. Well how do you like that? So that's what we need. We need such a go on here on the nationwide TV anybody. Any slump? Even anybody? Even religious? Even what's his name? The god would be oxy-clean. What else is his name? I don't know. The god does the word about that. The god does the infomercials. Whatever his name is. He's your one. Huh? Onpopeal. Okay. Onpopeal would be great. Yeah. Now I would be good at one of those infomercials because they show them over and over and over and over and it's go to neorodges.com and get all the latest information about the pocket fishermen. Come you think it there? Well I got Tom Jickis, Calamera, got a lot of stuff including former NFL kickers on the shooting at the secret in the world. We got to take a lot of calls and get this pull going here so far. Rick and says are running away with it. And then I won't listen. No matter what I go to court. How come we don't have low and guilty? And low and low bandy? I don't know. We got to get low and guilty on there again together again. I'll look at those. Also cancel that because the two of them will never work together. In fact, I'm sure the lowly fills in for my daughter's. We'll be confirming that. There is on a scale of minus infinity. There are 50 chances of them working together again. And they are all numb and the shades of less than on whatever shade you want to get. WQA and hello. Yes sir. You know what I think you ought to bring back in the morning? Who's that? You're a rose. Oh yeah, a fat chance. You're a rose as a good job over it. It's 790 ESP in the ticket. 9-11 AM. See what's the point? I'm not going to go off on this whole deal because we just keep doing this over. And over. I mean once you break that big drug addict egg like Humpty Dutty, it's very hard to put the pieces back together again. And just when we thought they were all set and signed and delivered, when we thought Stear was going to get us the giant ratings for five years to come. And when we're going to have this tremendous lead in, and we're going to have like a real short show every day and the good lot of money for a little less work. And all of a sudden, a bunch of Bing. It's time to get serious. Says Howard, who's sick and tired of being censored and working in this horrendous business now. Where we've paved in. See this is the problem. I don't blame the FCC. I'm blaming the National Association of Broadcasters. I blame the weakneed people in this business who are always peeing in their pants and always cave in. As opposed to like taking this all way to this Supreme Court, even these Nazis we got in the Supreme Court would have to admit that the FCC was never given this kind of power. To like pick and choose a lengthy, long-relist of words and interpretations, and all the other crap they do do now. That's not even a purpose of the FCC. But don't confuse them with the facts. WDQAM, hello. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. That was good. I was one of my favorites. Was that Steve Hawking? That's so funny. You should mention that. Why is that? He's got a CD out. I can't wait for a heard. I'm going to play a little bit of it on Monday. Are you really? We're going to hear all Stephen Hawking stuff on George's. He wraps it up. Get on that. You've probably never read any of this work. Like his book, There is a League of Verses. But you might have seen his canyol appearance on the Simpsons. Now for one night only, stand-up comedy at its best. Why does it look like it can't cross the roads? Because the third stand in his DNA told it to. That's right. Stephen Hawking, stand-up comic. He's coming off his stellar performance of the world physicist convention, and he's bringing his act to you. Don't miss this opportunity to laugh until you twitch. With the Mars and the Tremet we know Evan Trumman, those are places known that have gotten before. It's Stephen Hawking, stand-up comic. We are all going to hell and die in driving with us. He's a fan of Kenny. So what's in the original? John Melanchenne, Cooper Abol's concert has been canceled. So at least George Carlin still lives on, we checked. Right. So fun. So let's cross that out here. All the tickets are gone. They are? Yeah. Everything is gone. They were good. Something of value and therefore. Right. And so we had a dead huge indeed. Well that's amazing. That's pretty good. Somebody out there might be listening. At least temporarily. George Carlin, next Tuesday, the Jackie Vista leader of my name, while they last in the Don't last in the morning. There's gone. Don't go out there because the band is gone. That's it. They probably high-tailed the disc was the embarrassment factor. About that John Cougar, my own campball. That's the factor. Yes. So it's starting on the weekend. WQAM, hello. No. And let me answer a question. What you worried about who the Don's is going to be. You know, Don's is going to be. Oh yeah. I'm right. I'm going to buy it. You know what I said to me, is it's amazing? There's about 10 of these guys who call always hit the same thing. Always hit the same thing. I'm speaking on behalf of the Ziggins of Doll fans who are out there. Okay. I couldn't give her crap if they ever want to game with her. Okay. In fact, I would like to see the loser every game between now and the year 25 to 25. Until they get rid of an Evans or competing for the quarter by starting job. And everybody knows that. Shlock. WQAM, hello. If I could do one of them, I don't know what Shmuck means looking to mirror. Puts. WQAM, hello. Yeah. The morning shows going to be called to talk to Factsful Ball with Dave Wantsett. Okay. Great. Nice. Good. I had an even job soon. Can you believe it's already Thursday. There's been no shake-up. There's been no personnel change. The field master is still there. All of these things. But I shouldn't worry about that because I like the Patriots. It's a great time reading. Nick had picked you on our website or not. Oh, that's a few. Well, sure. Let's put it on there. And we don't have to put it behind the beauty curtain because there are no body parts. Unfortunately, showing them it's just these in the, again, we're going to put his socks on or Jock on or something like that. Right? Something like that. He is starting to make it as a jib. What the interesting. Back to them. There it is. It's from far away. It's not really. You don't have to get all nervous and then out of shape. It's just a guy, you know, and no clothes on. What's the, what's the, a Patriot? The worst season you've ever seen. Much. This is the best season ever. A-A-A. Oh, what the trouble. Look at him. Dude. The GOP convention has taken billions city by storm. And now they're coming to Broadway. It's from public in the musical. Sorry George W. Boys and Dick Tandy. We're a couple rich men. But we're nowhere nearers or just here. We're trying to raise our hands. But public in the musical. But great, right way has never been this fight. And the grand old party has never been this old. 76 is the average age in this room. 76 to ever take a top of years. What's the deal with people are saying about the public in the musical? I laughed. I cried. I worried about the Chinese now. I've got a bad horse. The doctors look in the head of charge. And the odds are saying all they've lived to see our second term star. It's George W. Boys and Dick Tandy in the public in the musical. Join them as they entertain. It's fire. And they explain to Mr. Folley. He'll borrow. He'll borrow. We sure love to borrow. Because that child, the real estate. Hey. I think you're going to borrow. George W. Help me. What the public in the musical? Now preparing for another four year run at the Rose Garden Theatre. 132, 20, until now we got more hard. David, David, David, they're filling in for mandog at two. A rat. Because mandog desperately needs a few days off. At least one. The humpers are at four this afternoon. The hurricane hotline is seven. The beast from nine to ten tonight. Speaks for itself. 80K is a ten o'clock. But here's the fact that says, Neil, I for one. I'm ecstatic about Howard leaving. We only promised that it's not soon enough. I can't wait for your show to get facts in normal. Lane's suggestion for your pool and his lane. Now the Howard's moving to satellite. Where do you are? I'm going to first say, said, I just have to. We're not. The reason I say it's Lane is because it's been done. Once a time, the last couple of days. About 30 minutes. I guess that it's the announcement yesterday morning. And I think the Sun settled full said, like 42% of the people said, yes, they love Stern enough to live in the pay for the service and to get serious. Now that's a pretty heavy duty number. Do you think that 42% of this audience would pay to her to show it out? Never hold back from the time too crazy about it for free. So he's got that loyal gathering out there. Man, millions and millions. And it's it'll fly. Believe me, he'll make the money. He's going to turn him around. Otherwise, still say, I don't understand how in their right mind the infinity people. How Viacom can let him go under for 15 months promoting the hell out of serious, which is going to be a direct competition to their commercial broadcast stations. I don't get it. And yeah, there's the rumor that, well, they're looking into maybe buying serious, which would be fine. That would be great for them. That would be a perfect fit. It is especially for us all to met the limits concerned because there's still repolum money and the benefits of the Stern show and whatever other shows might not be an owner. Whatever other shows might not be an owner. You hear that? No, what? Anyway, Tom Jick, a right-save and a Tom Call of hearing, left me a message. Wanted me to call him back and the answer was, oh no. Last time I talked to your Tommy Miss quoted me and you just, I just, you know, have a great life. The message was, I actually went into a story about radio. Ha ha ha ha ha. Like that. Oh, God. And like I should give them a rule stir in a purple jelly bean or something like that. Can you believe that? Yeah, I believe it. I'm supposed to be excited that he finally, after all these months is writing a story about radio. I think about Tom. Yeah, let me say that. So anyway, this is what Tom Jick writes in these some sentinel day. Stern headed to satellite radio. We know that Tom, yesterday's news. Howard Stern's enemies have gotten the victory they have pursued for years. The trackers of his risk-a-style are driving nations demo morning radio host off the year. And the process they might be making an incredibly wealthy or wealthy are in helping to pocket-abrient the right-salt radio form of radio, which has no restrictions on content. He left out one word there, Tom. Stern, who said he's fed up for the FCC, crimping his free-wheeling, RACY-style, announced yesterday on his National Accident Radio Program, he's making a bold leap to the satellite radio subscription service, serious. Like cable TV, satellite radio is delivered, only two subscribers didn't use the public airways, so it's not something to hear from his scrutiny. Yet, the primary appeal of satellite radio has been greater variety in programming more than 100 channels catered almost every niche, taste and music news ports and talk much of it commercial free. So it's also scripted right through an appendious exclusive rights to carry all national football league broadcast starting this season. What does that mean the exclusive rights? I don't understand that. I was hoping you'd explode. I don't get it. I guess it's opposed and I still don't get it. Maybe the networks don't carry them. Like we used to have the CBS, I'm always talking about because certainly all they look a slice of the screen, slice to the flagship, stays in just a little carrying it, and there are affiliates as well like us. Anyways, as however, it's never had exclusivity out of town with the popularity or reach of stern, who undoubtedly will be plugging the service until he leaves the broadcast down when it's counter for the infinity broadcast he expires at the end of 2005. What's more, stern said once they hold time to recruit other popular national regional hosts to Sirius. Sirius will pay $100 million annually in production and town fees to stern. They're also our incentive classes for stern, based on news subscribers he brings for the service. Sirius would chart his 1295 month in addition to the initial equipment fee so that it needs about a million new subscribers nationwide to make the deal viable. Sirius's audience is estimated to be as high as 12 million daily, even though he's currently about 40 markets, including Miami-Fort-Larity LWQAM and West Palm Beach WPVZ debuzz. Stearns demonstrated the ability to bring his audience to new venues. Private parts, a biographical theatrical film in which he started more than $40 million at the box office the book on which it was based was the best seller as was a sequel in America. Nightly television highlights from his radio show are the highest rated programs on the e-cable network and 1994 New Year's Eve Specials and Wade the greatest pay for you sales of any non-sports program. Sirius was spent 600,000 subscribers as banking on stern to close the gap between it and XM radio its main competitor which was more than 2 million customers and charges 995 a month. Neither services turn the profit in their brief history service reportedly lost 136 plus million in the second quarter XM settled lost 166 plus million in the same period. Whilst we discussed confidence in stern serious shares on the United States, closed yesterday at 387 a share of 52 cents or over 15 percent XM finished at $29 a share down 48 cents or 1.6 percent. By the way, a price accrued or L-5245. Money is not the driving force for the deal, sirius said he's making the move because of the SEC crackdown stations have paid millions of dollars in fines against the program. In June industry giant cheap channel agreed to pay 1.75 million in the fines to settle all complaints against stern on the six stations owned by the company, a pay off. In finitial paid about $2 million in fines for stern broadcast over the years, the SEC has stepped in a pile while we know about that time. As a result, clear channels dropped stern from its stations and other stations that carry them have to put them on delay enabling them to delete what they consider to be borderline material. WTOA and which picked up stern and August after he was dropped by clear channels WBG, aggressively edded stern, offered a substance extent that listeners have no idea what's been discussed. So that's quite a contrast of what Tom wrote all just a week ago Sunday in his Sunday questions and answers taken to Sun Sentinel TV book when somebody suggested that we're editing and slicing it up like a bunch of Swiss cheese. Tom said, well, you know, you'd understand what's going on and we have to go, you have to come in and hear him and the guts to put it on with all the heat that goes on. And now he says, well, it's, we aggressively edded stern often as such an extent the listeners have no idea what's being discussed. Which is it, Tom, is it real or is it mammaryx sweetheart? His father's turn baggage, WQM's general manager, Greg Weed said he is very disappointed at the turn of events. We obviously were putting a lot of our hopes on future ratings on him, Greg said. Let's be to that, something I forgot to remind you of today, okay? Which I should remind you. Greg, you too. I'll never forget. No, okay. Good. With the 15 months before, sir next, I leave the broadcast. Now, we, we'd say, the story of the company, but we're placing in the station, we'll survive. We'll figure another direction to go. You know, like going to hell in a hand basket, we're already well in the way now. The QM executives said the implication is, during the WB of St. Beyond, just the St. David carry him, I don't think it's good for the industry to lose the town like sir in the satellite radio, but that's where he's guys are being forced to go because of the restrictions. Joyce, can you tell us part sounds and you know, how do you do a show that's going to put a smile of little circle on somebody's face without any fart sounds? And don't be making any food that when you're on tomorrow or not. And then you know, we advance it, you own peril. It's all I can tell you. Josh, you better keep your finger on a yellow thing. Okay, in a button too. Funded that right now because this guy's yesterday, see, you got two kids to feed, one of which actually you wanted. And a wife, of course, which has another story. Yeah. And a car that you might have to pay for one of these days if, you know, you make so many little sounds. So just, yeah, let's step by the law. Start who's stepping right along, man. It's my best advice to you. A parting shot before I go on my well deserved and well needed vacation to 85th of this year. The 90th vacation of this year. Need a lot more vacation to take a look at the man dog. Can't work in today. Probably didn't feel like it. Probably all bummed out from that dolphin season. It's just on a way to absolute hell. Unmitting it in disaster. In fact, I'm sure I'm over to agree with that, wouldn't it? Absolutely. What? Ha ha ha ha ha ha. I'm not just putting this to whole four hours today. Just over and over again. The reason is dog and the one step is dog. The reason is dog and the one step is dog. The reason is dog and the one step is dog. Yeah. Ha ha ha ha ha. Amen. Here's a fashion journey to tell me yourself to relax. It's just dying. I'm in. So that's got to be a joke. But we'll put that on. Excuse. Don't I'm a dead man in the chair. You ought to be good for about a point. To it can probably get his big number and the market is Bill O'Rimey's doing. The Bill O'Rimey non-factor on the light bulb of junior. Here's another fact from somebody from Mike. Hopefully, the many people who were directed to be so else website were curious enough to go to some of the links I did. The most intriguing site is diplomats for change.com. Check it out. The signature to their statements are impressive. This is my thank you. Mike, I will check it out. Put that right over there. Check it out. When in doubt, check it out. Here's a place to check out the Emerald Coast. The Emerald Coast is best agent buffet. They're said it would not sit here. I'm a coasty rival of lobster fest. Every weekend I come in and enjoy as much main laughter as you can eat as you can show down your fact post. That's why all you can eat lobster. Who else in South Florida would even dream of doing that? Also the Emerald Coast is serving lobster, fish, tuna, stone crab, roasted duck hand, real. See you. Emerald Coast is not ordinary agent buffet. The service is impeccable. You'll never ever leave out an empty stomach. Even the guy when he walk out of there say boy, I really am a guzzin't and a guzzin. Stop off your delectable eating experience with six different soups and seafood dozens of sick of an entree like New Year. I'm sorry Joyce, delicious entree like New York Street made orders as well as grilled salmon. And if there's any room left in that big stomach, you're a several hand-pired paramour. They're new Thai specialties. And please keep in mind. You'll never walk out of there with almost troving, pounding headaches because they don't use any crab. No MSD, no cornstarch, Emerald Coast cooks everything with their cholesterol free oils only. They're buffet featurely huge salmon bar, full Chinese food line from the brand of sushi bar, because you deserve it. If you have any room and a gullet left over when you're done, they got a full dessert bar, featuring Belgian waffles, pies, cakes, pastries, ice cream, able with all your favorite toppings and fresh fruit too. The perfect ending was serious pickup. So if you're frustrated from the dolphin losses, if life is if turning a hell in a hand basket, if you're psychotic because our lineup is going all over the place all over again. Go out there this weekend and just take out. Just keep shoveling it down to your explode. Emerald Coast real casings for you, they're in sunrise, sunny house and pepper pines. So family or book your next business once in there right now. Take out and livery available too. The Emerald Coast has been voted no more or no, number one by to get restaurant reviews and WSV and news as South Florida's best, aging a fail. A lot of imitators, but nothing like the Emerald Coast. Call them at 9-5-4-5-7-238-22. It's 9-5-4-5-7-238-22 for the unbeatable, the absolutely unbeatable Emerald Coast Chinese from the show where the season will be Roger. We'll start with the Game of the 8-M. Do drugs back in? No more than a night in the morning. No more than a night in the morning. No more than a night in the morning. We're likely not one to throw seduce from our cell. We've got a watch, one you stay in your bedroom, your barstand, your barstand. The watch for a long time, our barstand. We're going to have a day, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, five six, six, five, six, five, six, six, five, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, seven, five, six, five, four, five, six, six, five, five, five, seven, seven, four, five, two, five, six, seven, five, five, six, five, six, six, five, four, five, six, six, five, six, fifth, eight, nine, seven, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, three, four, five, six, ten, six, ten, seven, five, six, seven, five, five, six, five, six, five, eight, seven, five, six, seven, seven, six, six, seven, six, six, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, I'm coming to steal the unit at 560 W if you look at the way Rick and Susia are pounding the competition. There's a lot of competition but so far. By the way, 72 votes who would shoot you and put on our granted 15 months away. It's here from January. Once during goes over to get serious and leaves us Rick and Susia 83. I won't listen 49. That's 28.3 percent now. See, I just put that general one. They won't listen because they might be going to buy in their serious radio and listen a how about over there. They might listen to something else in the morning anyway. And we'll listen to what no one can matter what. See what I'm saying. Bob and Tom 19, I like Bob and Tom a lot. More how we're David and Juan from a little of Anis got 11. I think we got something here. More and Goli, 8th and Tom is dead man and the chair has got 3. Rick and Susia can be on. Well, let me just feel like duty. Well, sorry, Susia. Susia will be on me with George Stroud for lunch. It's very in a four to pay him but you'll be paid him. That's all we got. Although we might have some John Hollercans against the of the suds. Well, for him and his lovely wife. Right. Oh, damn prudes. Rice Dale McFeeders on capital Hill Blue O site they George just hates but never less than a lot of good articles on it. He says, let us stipulate that some measurable percentage we would guess about 98 or 99% maybe higher of the stock car racing fans who heard Dale Earnhardt Jr. use a naughty word after winning a 500 a tell of take. We're not offended. Maybe didn't even notice. It will be fair to say that many may be most of those fans use similar language themselves or if they don't reproduce on a few seconds note of someone who does. But Earnhardt became the latest victim of the self censorship that was unleashed by Janet Jackson's famous wardrobe malfunction. An ask our fighter John starts 25 granted docked in 25 points in the scene championship race dropping him into second place. There's a certain irony here because Earnhardt's father, legendary Dale Sr. was one of the drivers who helped make an asker the wildly popular national fortets become and his nickname, the intimately was suggest with no stranger to hard driving in Hard language. The owner earned hard was still dead. They told him in 2001. Just second-sackery time out of his car, TVS, the old junior would have meant to have now one five races at Tel Avivigaf, his exuberant response, I don't mean Schmidt right now that he's one here ten times. He says Schmidt. The fine is one thing, NASCAR is an incontestable success and justifiably in just by concerned about its image. Docking points is another with seven races left to go if Earnhardt loses the championship by 25 points or less. The next Tel Company after the new sponsor worth NASCAR so proud will be tainted. That was not lost and furred, boasted, rather noun-first. Because of Errorhardt's penalty, hopefully these 25 points will come into the final factor because we want to be among the race track. There's much talk that NASCAR's leaving behind may even want to forget. It's hard-scrabble blue collar roots in the Appalachian South, indeed two of the meaning races are incandescent Arizona and they talk about building a track in New York City. But NASCAR isn't that far from its roots and it's hard not to agree with the old junior's take on a controversy. If anybody was offended by the four letter word I said, I can't imagine why they would have turned out to be the race in the first place he said. Errorhardt will just have to get used to being a big time sports figure and learn to talk like when we came to drive, we stayed focused, we tried to stay within ourselves, everybody went out there and did their jobs, thankfully in the end. It all came together for us and it don't mean Schmidt. I mean I'm sorry, I just said it here. Don't mean Schmidt. So there you go. Dale Hardoonier Dale, whatever his name is, Pani Ma. What a crock. Schmidt. Hey listen if Josh can say, sheem I can say Schmidt. Right. And speak out of that. Former NFL kicker saw it in shooting at the home of cigarette and broy. Las Vegas. I never heard of. You know, I do follow my football. Even I don't care about the dolphins. I'm just going to invite a waste of my kids to go to the metro. So there are some people out there talking about a limited repertoire. Like the guy yesterday that New York and a real, the reason there's so many people left in New York. Him. You're happy now that how it would live in the station because you're always busy about coming out and saying what is same for everybody. I'm just thinking out of a few by five card. A former Vicekeeper for the European Reuters is being saw in a drive by shooting at the center of SIGFRIED Fishbocker and. And broy. Foreign police say yesterday. Cold Murdoch Ford never heard of him. 31 who's three year NFL created after he missed crucial kick during the 97 season. Was named in a felony war at Stimming from the September 21 shooting, Sergeant Chris Jones said. Police identified Ford is the owner of a white minivan from which shots were fired at the compound. Home by the illusionist wants to know the SIGFRIED and broy. No one was heard for police said truck and pellet chatter windows and us to hole in a wall. Police have not said if the two men were home at the time. Jones said police considered Ford armed and dangerous in city might be living in a hotel or camping and so then the vatter nearby states. Ford faces six colony war in charge of the discharging. I thought we saw him on TV this morning. Is this the what this is from last night nine o'clock. Did we see him on TV? Why is it that? Well anyway he faces six colony war in charge of the charging a firearm from a motor vehicle. And two colony council to solidate deadly weapon. Initially the case was able to hate crime after witness told police to gun and shot at the entertainers could shoot you out of the country later police said it was not biased related. And yati adi. Oh what's his name horn that's a pro and friends celebrated his 60th birthday on Sunday. A year to the day after the near fatal tiger model that's horn partially perized and forced a long running SIGFRIED and so to close. And speaking of ceremonies and an anniversaries and the dates to not just Columbus day to course it's Thanksgiving day candidly here on Monday. But guess what this week is the anniversary. I don't know if it's today or it's some some time this week. Let me give you a clue. The acquittal of OJ of the anxious OJ Simpson. The much we read I bet you when somebody left our sales department. She probably took a lot of OJ pictures blow up down with her. It would seem fine. But there are a lot of choices. But we didn't be bothered yet. We haven't put them on or yet. We're waiting for somebody to say that. I'm sure he'll call. WQA and hello. QAM. Yes sir. Baby. I got two great choices for you. Different formats. Sports for him that right. He always did a great job filling in and be so rude and food charming. Yeah. Okay. For you to know about saying rose your roses got a gig. I guess I'm coming to go face to forget about that. Good luck. My other format. You know what I said? We could open for you. Even though you have to share the naked fiction The greatest. That's the most important is on show. You can open it for you in the morning. Okay. Hey, that's a good idea. Let's put George on here. I thought that I was totally loser. But let's put George for a reason. What do I not? Okay. I think I would have been an idea myself. Yeah. WQA and hello. Yes sir. That's K-mart. No. Really? Yep. That's the K-mart. So you two. Well no one will do that going out of business. That's good news. Crescenty turned into the K-mart. That's where the K-Came from. How about it came from a K-Y? I know I did. Because those K-mart serves. They're sure taking it up to you. Well, you know, that's going on. Oh bad news. Bagdad Reigns. Oh, I'm word after bomb found. We left everything was under control. We had like peace and tranquility over there. And those elections coming in January. And all of that could stuff. I guess what? You asked the authorities raise the security. And then heavily guarded Reigns on. After it improvised bomb was found in front of a restaurant. And bagdad officials said today. The explosive device tanked the Lord was safely refused. Oh, God. Following the security announcement, a lot of explosion that got across central Baghdad. And white smoke rose from a paving the freaking new Pope. White smoke rose from the direction of the Greens on housing Iraqi government offices. And the US embassy wrote his witnesses said. The Interior Ministry and the US military had no immediate combat on the cause of the blast. All on purchases to the Greens on were closed down. People were working there and said, If there's something that they blow at smoke at the Vatican. Locally, select the new Pope in Austin. I'll still roll with the choice. Yeah. That's walking the catharture. This is really good at his blowing smoke. The fire of the outer structure, we'll rotters the mornings and be dead. And we'll still run aside to fight the city of the city. We are. Smart Morgan is the 12-to-one hour on 2.8-0. American girls. And American girls who only listen to the message from the Uber ride will have their tables all fly. And the troops from home need. They find the comfort of the night. I'm under the bed. And they were served in the army. How to afraid of fat. So I should try here there the TV far from the rural night. Under their tubers, you'll discover. I'm a big fish. They would prefer to add some mother to the batting for play. Now this country I love is occupied and I've had. And all the super-black men whose nicks are fed in the flag. Have our tongues all placed firmly. In pushes deep brown eyes. The big mouth tower, the world who gladly follows. Time. Take your soul to a phrase. To power and list. But you can count on me to walk you be in shape of this. And my flag will fly from the flag. The matron. Not the day they ought to shoot a bakery ought to kill a couple of times. And my view of the cold bad world is what I see on my view. Yeah, I'm an armed pair of warriors. You know fighters and you. You know fighters and you. You know fighters and you. You know fighters and you. I'm an impregnier. Who paracet it thing they say. Don't have a reader assert it so much easier this way. To watch the beer look in pictures. If you were to stay with my. I made disfapletistics. And I should go my brain. And I'll go shout out to a friend to battle or in list. But you can count on me to watch me be in shape of this. And I don't mind flying. So I can pull on my. The long and long days. Big brown they show the swaths that they're good. They're good on me. That's not right. The saw days are our. Back to my hands in the world. I'm those I rack these or tears. Oh. They open arms and reward. You know better than you. What's that? What's that? You're not. You're not. You're not. You're not. You're not. You're not. You're not. Go to lunch George. Go to lunch. Will you go to lunch? Go to that heavy gunfire. And I have that story sitting here from on. I'm about nine o'clock this morning where we're. Confirm your lady. And see I'm just and I just got to talking about it. Only moments ago now see him discovered that there's heavy gunfire in Baghdad and their smoke to blow and smoke. Maybe like I said, the Pope is a of tourists. But anyway, trace your fireflies pass Baghdad hotel. And of course, that's where many of the journalists are staying right now. Keep by shooting. You're at after a fire fight that's on me. You have to be on the way outside the hotel. We're seeing it in reporters. There's other area of see it in. I'm sorry. I don't know. Look at this. Let's watch. Yeah, you see. You see over there. You're right. Oh, light. Yeah. It's a good thing. I don't know. Get that bitch. I fucking am out. Huh? I was going to take that was shot. And hear some more of that video. Take shot only within the past few minutes from Baghdad. The voice you're hearing on the tape that a prince settler. He's directing everyone to turn off the lights. Where we do our broadcasting from in Baghdad. Why is that? What's going on? We don't know. We don't know. We don't know what's going on. We're doing a show. We're doing a show. Our basement. We're shooting CNN. We don't have to do it. We don't have to do it. I'm casual. These are damage or anything along those lines. We expect to get someone from our CNN operation of Baghdad. People always try to give us a more information. Excorzenly. They've got her in Baghdad. They just discovered it. Maybe while they're CNN mining people, it's listening to the show. They said, hey, we better reject this. I'll be going on over there. I mean, this is not breaking news. This story has been going on for hours now. And this CNN comes from Breppo. All breaking news. And here's what we'll see. We're at the obnoxious beer. And that's here on this post. Here, Monterey, Jr. House ethics committee speaking of Nazis. It launches, Tom Delay again. Which we say. So again. Huh? Yeah. He'll let them never again. Right. For this second time in two weeks, the House ethics committee has issued Edmonishment to Majority Leader Tom Delay over his conduct. One of the Texas Republican to temper his future actions to comply with House rules and standards of conduct. All I should point up an idea about this thing would be a satellite radio before you get to excited. Yeah. They're already as a result of the stern announcement yesterday. They're counsel and others if the FCC already are advising. And of course, I'm sure that in cooperation with many of the Nazis and Congress like people like Tom Delay. There are many accelerating. Remember that we're going to try to do a thing with satellite and cable. Well, they're going to accelerate that. I would be willing to suggest that before Stuart utteres the very first word on serious in January 2006. I hope I'm wrong, but I have a feeling that this is what they're going to do as a preem as a shot across the bow is the legal type flag to say. A shot across the bow. They're going to like regulate that. And Congress said, oh, yeah, we agree. And Congress already agrees. Look at the votes on the indecency bill. My God, it's like only three or four people at the cones to vote against it. So, so there you are. I'll still believe that's what I'm thinking is that before it even gets to that point. So before you go out and invest in your serious radio, I would kind of like to govern yourself according to him. Keep an eye on my eye out like Columbo. And you know, see what's going to happen with us because I don't think it's going to be what you think it is. Anyway, the committee announced yesterday last night that unanimously had managed to lay in two council and ethics complaint filed against him. My representative Chris Bell, a Texas Democrat who losses reduction bid after Texas legislative test. A redistricting, a financial year by the number two house Republican. What are Wednesday's amendments, then from the fund raise it, the lay hosted for energy company officials while Congress was considering major energy legislation. Sounds like those closed or energy meetings that big chaining had that he won't tell anybody about it with whom or what. Never had it in those out. The other concerned contracts that the contacts as office have with the FAA during a partisan fight over redistricting in Texas. These are crook just about every politician it was ever born is a freaking crook just about maybe there are a couple of honest ones, which means they probably never got reelected in the first place. That's why you don't hear from them no more. I'm almost thinking of changing that pull out of the thing we're going to let this is all going on at the Baghdad Sheraton drawback that that's why just said well. 560 560 560 on the Verizon and singing around the sign. And here I thought everything was under control. Yeah, sure. They kept saying. We're fine. And those elections coming up and things are great. Let's start looking at the good things that are going on in Iraq. And that's just all these liberal nitpickers along at this point to a few brush fires and gunshots and dead bodies and odd dead kids and things like that. And two more dead American soldiers today. He's not a two more. 560 560 560 560 on the Verizon, singing around the sign. Who should WQ amp put on the in a morning, 610 when Stern bail out January 2006? What were you going to change the pull to? I don't know. I had a couple of things where I'm not going to change. Why the hell should I do that? So you just want to use this one on there. We have to be a chance to get out of it. You got five votes. 250 votes. Rick and says 120. I won't listen no matter what 65. 5 and time look what they got. But 30 man. Well, how we're dealing with one from a little of N19. Well, how we're dealing with it in Jaldi's Steve Galdi. Yellowstone. Yeah. Well, I don't know what your breath. It's never going to happen. Don't I miss six eight. Who do we appreciate? And George is going to have five. But he's just went on there. So we really could have a chance. Give him some slack or not. WQ amp. Hello. WQ amp. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Yes sir. Yes sir. Neil Rogers. Speaking. Tell me if I'm wrong about her. I thought I heard something about some shooting in Baghdad. No, I think you're right. He has some just an empty room or. Yeah. Well, it's always been going on for about a year or so. Right. Now it's in the Baghdad. Oh, I hope they get shot up too bad. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. Of course they're evil douish. That's what the idea is. Yeah. I mean, we hope that some people get shot up for your real band. But it's especially evil douish. We don't seem to be having too much sure success getting ahold of them. WQ amp. Hello. Just wait till the last. Come to Q amp. Hello. Q amp. Maybe they can bring back these garlic. Who is this? These fake Charlie. Yeah. These fake Charlie. I think he's going to be on Monday morning. Isn't that a fact instead of the stern show? We'll be state Charlie. Come to Q amp. Hello. He's so run her. She and Carolyn. Oh, no chance I'm not one. Default. Let's put defa on her. What do you say? Get out of the forest. Should have done it from the beginning. I was waiting for somebody to call it in for just a long. I hope for an hour for somebody to call and suggest that. Because he's just, well, he's many things, but the one that really gets me is. That's the one that really gets to me. That whole Indian business. But that's okay. He came hold that against him forever. And I would be surprised. He was already being joked off or offered to jump anyway along with the moment. I'm thinking, Mofo is what I think. Molin VFO. I'm thinking that's what it's going to go. But that's a long ways off. Who do you know what's going to happen between now and January 1. Or one, a lot of you left this comment, January 1. More than 2006. WQA and hello. Hello? Programming line. Yes. WQA and hello. WQA and hello. And who are you? True Mofo a little bit. I guess. Great. Never better, pal. Fantastic. I'd like to ask you to mock if the morning comes back here from Orlando. They're pretty much. Monsters are the morning. They're not thought they're running midday. They were in the midday, not on the morning. Oh, I heard they blow. They're pretty fine. They're all right. They're not. They're not. Maybe it's a summer of our negative for people out there. But I've heard a lot of really hostile, verbally, about the monsters of the midday. Yeah. I don't want more things for you. Yes. I went to both, and I guess was the primary, whatever it was. A couple months ago. I walked in and searched. And there was an old blue pair of front of me. And a couple blue pairs behind the counter there. And the first thing they said to this lady when they, when she walked in, she said, I'm kind of Republican. The moment that we follow, can she do? Does that thought so? Really? That's nice. Wow. I heard that. I heard that. I heard that. I heard that. As you have asked, I was like, Tanya, what's your answer? Was that the first girl? Very terrible. And then I said, Then the guy got a coach. They didn't even want to show me how to use the machine. Of course. You can buy it. Yeah. I think that's what we get to refer to. Do you want to move in a Georgia if I were you, Kyle, I said, moving up the coast. Yeah, right. The way saying time, good luck to you. See you at the border man. I'll see you there at the Niagara Falls. Or if you just jump right across any of that far, just swim right across. You ever been to Niagara Falls? Have I asked you that? Yeah. No. And you haven't been there. No, no. Well, don't waste your time. I mean, there's just too many other places I've heard of going to see. It's just, you know, I feel like water pushing over the edge of the big. Yeah, rather good. It's a very big waterfall. So, right. I mean, it's not a big deal. I mean, it can be breathtaking. Especially early in the morning when there's the fog and the steam and it's all, you know, and the mist and in fact, you walk outside and it feels like it's raining. Right? Because it's misting. You know what I mean? It's misty and police will be there. We just like a water playing misty for me. As a good movie. Yes, it was. But it's misting over there. My eyes are misting just thinking about, don't go there. Because then you go to the casino. You waste all your harder money. And especially that new one in Niagara Falls. A beautiful place. But all of brother, those machines are tied to the, which is your lobe. They are really tight. Fire rack insecurity forces will they be able to quickly locate where this gunfire, where this tracer fire is. Where do you stop? And then launch their own Iraqi security personnel to go out and find something new and the unsendling today boys and girls. Violence and chaos in Iraq. I'm loosing money. I'm loosing money. I'm loosing money. I'm loosing money. The girls of caros. Whatever happened to machine accomplished, huh? I'm loosing money. It's still a problem. Scott bombing back dad. To it every day. It's dark. I want to watch it on TV. I'm right. And the beginning was apparently a walk in its head. I need not to. It's so sick of day. And all the skills put on that switch. I'm right. I want to wake up. And she's as serious don't exist. Up in the air and tell that's out of the same. Where really piss your under my skin, that little piece of shit. And get me way. I'll get the off to make a hit. And I'll go to the right. All right. You're gonna stop. You're gonna stop. We don't know if I'm too far. I'm right. I'm right. You've worked together. All right. All right. I want to wake up. And she's as serious don't want to piss. And she's as serious don't want to piss. And she's as serious don't want to piss. We're going to have trouble going. We're going to have fun. But for me, I am aware of the future too. Why does not change? It is not the cause. You are today your heart is one of this. And I will cry. I am aware of the voice of death, I will do a show with that shit share and say goodbye. Oh, I rise. I rise. I rise. Well, I am very happy. It is my bed. to do in van right now is moving around because we gave way to the tickets that somebody actually wanted to George Carlin so fast they got to do something right right so now look at the QM van as I speak if the shell station right your George's house I'm sure it in Street just west of i95 stop by the pickup pass pick a pass pick a pass pick a tent a that's what it says here to stop by the pickup pass or pick a nose to attend to be at the party to mark the new scores for a lot of the up here it's by already laying well that's pretty impressive in it big tell you about kitty laying about already Johnson kitty laying who's kind of a shimp head hoped I'll like with too much a kitty laying here like them dikes you know you'd like to use daughter I bet here's a thanks from a quantiton Hollywood as sort of the pool is concerned he's just sons but not rich yeah let's put a minor out by himself so it's called let's see a him pass regrettly like we're just sitting still old grandpa Rick Rick and Pyros yeah yeah Rick was such I like that and there's another one we can put on there too but that we can't do it anymore Frank says let's see let's see you people you're intent all right look we'll put him on here even though he's already got a deal maybe I don't know what his deal is I don't be sound a contract or whatever he has pn radio I don't know how long it is or the contract either but yeah I'll put Joe Rose on there sure now this suggestion here I can apply for his mad dog or he's been offered a chance to mornings in these 85,000 changes I go down these generations since the first thing got blown away and then I'm gonna have mad dog ain't getting up at four in the morning to come in and do it morning show nor is somebody else I know my vote would be a new one he sure would Joe Rose and Jim managed for instance being that they're and they are and were the best personalities after you won a station after you ever run together would be awesome I think I would be a great show but we'll put Joe Rose on there he'll go zoom up there later right yes indeed here's another one that says for the pool Randy road this is also speculated yeah because I like this is a fantasy pool after Kerry wins their America will cease to exist it soon I don't know the face still do exist as a matter of fact I just love that anything I have to do out by and I am what's her name can't really plan for I can't get that name around I don't know what it is and blazing it on my head I sing well at some pretty compelling radio I listen to this competing polls reveal flutter amazing toss up there are two polls and so you'll grab a key to which other one are you believe in president Bush leads on Kerry in the battleground state of Florida 4844 percent of Queen we knew Paul released yesterday but let's see Bush's lead is when the surveys for percentage point margin verming the sunshine state to a toss up this pool of 625 likely voters was conducted October 4 and 5 by the Mason Dixon polling research for the hero that several other Florida news organizations the survey also found that 2% likely voters support third candy a party candy Ralph native in a 65 Corvette 1% support other candidates in 5% still like who are they don't know now a second pool showed Wednesday yesterday that Kerry was leading bush 47 to 45 percent well first it says Mason Dixon posted Brad Cochreus's thought of terror clearly remains a battleground it's tight it is really tight but the other poll shows Kerry 47 bush 45 native 2% six percent on the side of CC later continues being a factor because some of you people are two things two of the the SS crowds like the president stupid and stubborn that's exactly bush stupid and stubborn so you're going to have to put bush in for another four more years or hell as to we saw Heinz Kerry said four more years of nightmare and you're going to have blood on your hands when you vote for Ralph made and funny that all you good the American research group poll 600 likely voters October 2nd the fifth that a margin error plus or minus four like the other one did too cochreus said polling in parts of Florida such as the MSA for corridor across the center of the states of jiffin that bush it opened up a double digitally in Florida before the first presidential debates of 10 or 30 of the first was up i quick and personal response to the hurricanes it's been a roller coaster cochreus said we've had two commissions for hurricanes and debate and now now we're back where we started bush's man stole the small even the Mason Dixon policy pre-convention bounce in July he's still or whatever this pre-convention survey he's still well short of building a solenoid commandingly to support main the same at 48% but Kerry has been able to gain the states in summer losing two points since age of limestone just but that's in that poll you got it got it cochreus said there are fewer native supporters than there were in 2000 more likely to oppose both vote and Kerry what was that sweet these are voters who ever problem with both candidates than either voters in coming out of the Kerry column and one guy yeah right right bush as we would understand was strongest in north Florida where he got 62% Kerry was strongest in southeast Florida where 57% of the voters favor him the two were more evenly divided in central Florida and on the Gulf Coast and Naviario among whites bush led 51 to 41% among Cubans and other Hispanics 64 to 29% Kerry let him unblacks 87 to 6% bush was to augur among voters 835 to 64 Kerry had an edeman voters younger than 34 and older than 65 how do you like that Kerry had an edeman voters younger than 34 and older than 65 Florida men split 54 to 38 for bush and women split 52% for Kerry and yet so yeah I believe whatever you want to pick up whole you know pick whichever one suits your fancy makes you feel better 560 pound 560 on the Verizon singular wireless lines WQAM hello yeah what about the bombs show sorry my two Williams I was gonna have something to do right think of the pinnacle football as you bet your bottom dot your big legs life on that WQAM hello yes sir are you doing buddy great listen on this yours how does how does bush get any percentage of the votes somebody out there please call me some Republican tell me what I'm not going to waste my time with the bush here look is I'm not wasting my time with it how they're stupid because they're dumb is the American public that yes absolutely positive what you watch this one we'll try and civilized companies around the rest of the world like here in Canada and the people of play hate bush like poison and the entertainment america's are well he's a great leader nobody there's nobody on this planet to hate bush more than you know what he is is country into the ground yeah and with education help there and all of the messages right and all the people are dying in a rack right now as we speak right yeah and lizard man who's probably running the whole show behind the warlords are running Afghanistan again with those afonia lessons we have coming up in cars I was nothing more than a puppet for unicale if they help me over there who don't know they can't man you know why does it push to it all down a state did go to the theater power oh geez yeah couple of times just yeah so okay yeah although I think he had a very good point or someone had to suddenly probably answer a sprain into it you Roger I'm George Bush and I've proved this message on america displaces and tough choices that's why this no member the best choice is John Kerry what hey this ain't the best job for who's because John Kerry knows how to make the tough choices okay if I did approve it I did do it on purpose but John Kerry will do more than make the tough choices I got people chef and papers in my face 24 seven can't the time I don't even know what I'm sorry John Kerry will make the right choices I make 10,000 choices a day I mean you can't all be right right now it's door turned to shoes I choose for you to cut me in slack and then there's thing around here and this will be member the choices clear okay I'll tell you what as your commander in chief order you to stand down make the right choice both for John Kerry no don't make the right choice both for me that didn't come right give me another one that one yeah I'm John Kerry and I approve George Bush's approval of this message soccer 32 of five sixty I would be QN Alex and mine he sends me a very depressing face because after he goes to this whole thing about blendbacks to this and this one said that and about how they lied about the war and all this stuff he says in the last sentence here I'm still on the fence on this one unfortunately my profession benefits are made Republican president but I'm turned between personal or national interest all my god I was said it's so sad that would be like my son you want me to vote for Bush because I get these I have this big income and you're from going to get these big tax cuts which I don't need number one number two I'll make more than happy to give back my tax cuts and it's seen for like a given a few freedoms back and a company with the same president at least close to what we need a buffer baby Kerry and Democrats are weak man they're really weak but at least they're a buffer and at least they are given a chance of something a little bit of hope a little fine right is in the tunnel not much we're still waiting information notice that way to see people look I'm still waiting to find it oh look at this this so thanks for so good from Alex you sent it to me twice that's good I didn't intend to well it's just been through twice and I still said the same thing Alex what's up a little bit okay go piece selfish like some people I know I believe me I know many of those the money people and these people are working finance all this other crap some men-draired man I'm tired of selfish people who just the two stupid understand the implicate and by the way let me just double check it again on the gambling channel let me just take a flip over there to CNBC once again because I don't want to give you numbers there oh 52 55 that's a high size thing all day for crude oil 52 hour and 55 cent a barrel I'm I'm thinking maybe in 60 what I might just go sit up there give that fair and height 9 11 DVD sit there and watch it especially the parts about the Saudis okay just sit there and watch it the connection between the Saudis and the Abush family so cute little and use the thing oh yeah and take a look at the pictures of 15 those slime ball terrorists from 9 11 Saudi Nationals and then you kind of wonder well what's this all about what's this we all buy and again unit killers uh how many cars I are a big man and I've got a stand right he's a wonderful man and the elections are all fixed already anyhow you're waiting by the internet I think I put a story out there for tomorrow the elections are we're already reading that can't understand so let's the big simist what's the big deal cars out with violence like because he's our hand picked up it just like a lot we in Iraq same thing another CIA's dude just like they thought would ask me childly until we find out that he was like a snitch in a given secrets to a ran and of course we shouldn't know he was a cork because the rest of the world did already but he was our man who's our crooks and we hate it when that happens yeah get with it Alex and the rest of you too how like the other color said before how is it possible that anybody could be this stupid you got a president who lied about his sexual peck idyllism we went to an embarrassing at least two years of impeachment hearings and all the other garbage it went on a can he star in his photographic report all of his nationality then wasting of time and diverting from the real issues at hand and now we got a guy who lies in order to get the neocons their way so we can go into a rack and start going after the world and again when you see in Fahrenheit 9-11 the deal with a Taliban and you look right now at the pipeline you know how they formed the first things they did was open up the world pipeline through the city as real levels on the very first things when they went into Iraq I just mentioned that in passing two two more Palestinian kids killed in Gaza spirit but again like Kerry whether it was in change in the debate the other night oh we don't care about that is what in essence they said not in those many words but that's what they said essentially see is really our kids that are dying for these terrorist studies suicide bombers the right no Palestinians dying just pandering and pandering and pandering because that's what politicians do best they all do it all four of man the panders WQAM hello WQAM hello WQAM hello okay we're smoking now baby 5-6-7-0-5-60 pound-5-60 of me Verizon singular wireless lines WQAM hello that deal yes sir you know that car's I was a vice president you're in a cow before you I just got your saying that well I didn't hear well I had the shemary I want to call this okay all right man okay thanks thanks for your news how I guess uh WQAM hello you're talking to it oh hey in a set of comments about the the field what the politicians are you're talking about the politicians are all right yeah I didn't say they're all the same I said that they're all a bunch of crooks crooks yeah liars right so the guy got lost the board for all of them you see transparency is that is correct did would that include carry them yes absolutely okay that was all okay sure I'm not one of those people who said oh I'm saying our president how are you whichever what it is they're all a bunch of losers man that's why Howard Dean didn't get the nomination because he was a little bit too much on the outside of the he wasn't part of the establishment and he said too many things that they were too crazy about such as we're going to South Carolina and Oklahoma and Arizona and North Dakota and New Mexico we're going to California and Texas and New York we're going to South Dakota and Oregon and Washington and Michigan and then we're going to Washington and you see the things back to what it does I got the perfect ticket for the monthly democratic party Howard Howard Dean and the perfect ticket Al Franken and Julie Leaverman oh boy it's the wind factor you've heard of the O'Reilly factor is the wind factor so he's been an Al Franken and we don't have a line for any uh having a kitchen cabin oh brother five six seven oh five six the pound five six the only Verizon and singular wireless lines they're all uh pathetic they're tragic and carry and he's grown a small pair but boy he sure is held back and held back and has really come out and told him like it is and now all of a sudden he's as they like to say he's fighting his voice now that he's kind of politically backed up against the world last couple months now all of a sudden he's grown a pair and it brought in the Clinton people to say hey listen cut the crap nobody cares about who did what the woman to be at nine thirty years ago let's talk about the thirty years ago let's talk about what those going on now and let's group these people and ask and what they really like us said just lost the golden opportunity they could be double due to points ahead but they blew the gold of the opportunity to then regret it convention all we want to be nice you know they're attacking them with them I just like to think when Edwards and Shania the tonight they're talking you know she's asking her in seven questions and out of nowhere they're the one question was just I didn't even know what the question was but she asked her question and Shania goes up on a tangent about Edwards uh hey it never meant him before but she course was a lie until of debate and his attendance record was put he goes into this vicious personal attack which changes famous for doing they have nothing to do with the question and of course Edwards didn't bother answering them the questions either a question about AIDS uh yeah he's been about a minute and a half of his two minutes of a lot of time there going back to a previous question because he's one of them ought to talk about certain issues yay yeah anyway here's the fact that says it doesn't matter who replaces during in January 2006 because other than your show in Stern show which is indicated anything great puts on locally will be forty five minutes an hour spots so what effing differences it might ask this very first case is uh color or a faster whatever he is it is and it says can you play the audio of the firefighting bag that in our avia child person telling us how wonderful it is going in that would be good because in the franchise I in a way where is my and good is because there's cities are still ungovernable and how they'll react to that different franchise. but the cities are still ungovernable what I thought everything was under control mission accomplished baby right if you're going to see Dan Stewart and George's double to the Network glorificationdeaf Franklin show. I'm Al Franklin. It's my cast a limon for now. It's been brought to my attention that I don't know how to do a radio show. Well let me assure you that this is cutting-edge radio and to illustrate what I refer to as theater of the mind. We have for you today a new Robert Smygo cartoon. You can always always a panic. Could you roll that for us please? I can't stress enough. I'll find an entertaining of you. I thank you for that. I thoroughly enjoyed it and I'm certain our audience did as well. Now do we have a break? If it's a week break or a strong break, another week break, a video so who cares? Plus a personal video. It was just copy. With this unwieldy name and some high profile competition from life's of top fiction and forest dump. The Shawshank Redemption kind of got lost in the shuffle in 1994, but like it's a wonderful life. Oh yeah, every time I think of the Shawshank Redemption I think of a Jimmy short. But like it's a wonderful life that film found new life after it's original theatrical run, although the person drama under it's even the debauchery of it, it found its own redemption home video fueled by critical acclaim and positive word of mouth. That must be it. I think it's some kind of a comic-think-all plot. Right, maybe the moonies have something to do with it. Right and direct your Frank Dera Bond certainly know the vent Shawshank owns to host a home video. Without that it would be a forgotten movie indeed. It's something that's brave to love it by people. Instead, so the love it in fact had a curly-race number three behind only the godfather. I didn't know no godfather. And the Lord of the Rings the return of the thing of the king, with which it is sometimes changes places on the internet will be database websites, user-polaritop, turn in 50 movies of all time. Number three is the Shawshank Redemption. What kind of a communist bunch of crap is that? Exactly. For its tenth anniversary, Dera Bond has spearheaded a bonus feature late in the special edition DVD which came out Tuesday and limited theatrical re-release. It occurred to me last year that we were coming up on the 10 year anniversary and I thought, I've been meaning to a special edition DVD for some years anyway. What better time do that he said? From there kind of, you know, that's like OJ say, well, the day the my acquittal the anniversary has come up this week. So how about a high-glot and kill a couple more people? And then 10 years from now we can celebrate the tenth anniversary of my acquittal on that. Right? Sure, what up? I mean, Johnny Cockney, he's still hanging around. Now let's take a look at that pool right over here. Speaking of that, who should WQ and put on the morning six to the day and when Howard Stern retired? Well, he's not going to retire, but from commercial radio anyway. And we moved over to serious January of 2006, 15 months away, the longest countdown in radio history. 432 votes, Rick and Saza, 171, they're crushing the competition. If they only would have had numbers like these and I and Z, they would still be on here. I won't listen 87, 5 and 5. More Howard David and Juan from Little of Ant at 29. George Rodriguez, George is a little bit of a flisters guy 20, down I was 20. Your time with the dead man. Yeah, kind of like John I asked him to go in Missouri. Oh, what's the guy that died in the plane crash? Oh, I'll lost her. No, no, that was in Minnesota. Sorry. No, in Missouri. And anyway, any rain against it and then of course his wife, Mel Carnahan, was not it? Yes, that's it. Anyhow, George and Don I'mus and more Howard David and Gildi got 20 of piece three way tie. The foe, he's an option of the list. He's got 15. Which is pretty impressive considering the fact that everybody knows he's a Joe Roster teen Randy Rose eight and suds Coleman solo stands Rick. The Rickless suds Rick and sudsio he's got four. But that's just one on it. Well, we'll go. He'll go. Don't forget sudsio be on with George tomorrow. And the first day of my vacation as I have to attend my daughter's wedding. Well, I mean, yeah, I'm the day of my daughter's wedding. You're going to be on with suds. I don't kind of know daughter and thank God for that. George has two daughters by the way. What of which was he wanted? How is all that working out with her over there in Japan and your Japanese scenes student? Everything is just fine. Oh, we're fine. Yeah. Yeah, I'm not going to go into any long-winded answers unless you want me to ever know. No, I don't want you to learn the ventures. Another girl from Luther and I hold a shegan 17. And the thing that I find really the most telling of all is that she sits watching the TV news here in the plant that of course American news networks put on it. She keeps asking how come it is that America likes this good doofus. What does she call them? He can't get over it. Why he's so popular. Yeah, why he's so popular is good fall doofus. That's a happy and hard. And not a lot of people. It's very popular too. Okay. We like Alfred D. Numerous case sweetheart. So go eat some sushi and definitely up before they deport your silly ass. What's this that you're sending me now? The boo is that Devo or Defoe from a Fort Lauderdale said did anyone mention this during the opening statements of the vice presidential debates. Cherry thank the people of the great state of Missouri. Words that debates in all a high all I didn't say here that anywhere. I don't recall. Or maybe you talked about the people of Missouri who voted for John as Crofts opponent. The dead man Mel Carnajan is wife got the ass. Maybe that's what we were saying because of who weren't for that we wouldn't have the attorney general singing let the eagle sore right. Do we what what is that under Ashcrott? Is that an ass cross on us in here. Not the next American Idol. Attorney General John Ashcrofts. And don't get sore just let the eagle sore. There he is John Ashcrofts man. He sure was up to the first half of that name. What are Jack ass? What a Nazi. And then of course I still think it over the scene I forgot because there were so many great things in for a night 9-11. But I was rewatching it the other day and there's that tall wolf over it again. Sticking I mean. Oh God fat. Sticking the Coleman is mouth to wet because his hair is like all like he's with the end out of his ugly forehead. He looks like he just killed a dumpster. And he puts the Coleman is often what's in his slick spot. And he's laughing while he's doing this with a camera people standing there like that. Oh God. And then if that wasn't good enough because his hair is still like flopping around a little bit and he can't keep it down in place. He moistened his fingertips and like shwots his head back. Oh God. And these are the people these are your leader is boys and girls. This is a great I don't know if I got time to read this I'm sure I don't. Very very long. Can't read this little bit of some I website. Lied out Americans care by Mark Morford. You know who Haliburton is Dick Cheney how about Carl Roe. Alas most Americans don't. But I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's a good idea. I think that's have had one idea. I think I made it torawdeye. I think that was a great idea. Okay, so what 3s a signal somebody used he's saying. Maybe that was about negative safety. I think we're gonna might be 1981 friends. We do that right now.inary friends are closeaboos and graduate school. And we get into everybody and they're smart people, Our cards are a little black sweet As that's all you love in Retired was the father's The wrong way I've got friends And other terrorists who teach in Americans Where they find no rules like cheese You die in space of arrogance They die both in the same way And they have this country And they're ignored to the darkest days And are you still a beast? I don't want to be a tax-emarrant No, it's not Who has saved What's of you? Thousand innocent lives Stop living in the mess If you want that as you feed to dry You've got to be more against If so, you're racist and contrary If so, they train us to believe And anyone who says that It's obviously And afford to be Seem to be And of embarrassed to be And of Americans Where we take three hours of take lead Where the flag of one has This is where our head in the sand It's lively hollow The powers that we have But said And I thought the front door Watching stakes from you On a six-y-five The screen Scratcher Fought everything so Hey Hey, you You as a My little flag's baby You are patriotic man You're really doing it It's 102560WM How about those passes We're giving away the VIP They can pick a pass Pick a pick a pick a pick a pepper They're gone Are they really? Yeah, well that's good Okay, so it's a pair of them We take care of a lot of business here Today of course I got to do that Because it's my last day before Very well-envacation for a few days A little Georgia beyond tomorrow With suds See Georgia and suds Watch having come on all week I wish I could They could do it Well see If he starts working for free You know how that goes Yeah, it's a least you can do for us here If you feed them everyday he'll come in Yeah If you won't How about a few bucks Yeah Well between you and Josh You can take up a collection here Yeah Why not? What's wrong with you Where the start Loose cash run around all over the place Big bucks that you're making Not that normal thing since the previous year Yeah, I'm taking care of your contract You do your larynx, you do the great has a better altitude about you Anyway You're like these interest in upcoming elections Waning it's waning in Iraq How do you like that? New polls shows They're waning over there Iraqi voters are under still The same rough locations for the huts The Sheridan is a battlefront who tells You're like that You're like that Violence and bloodshed on the highway Iraqi voters are losing interest in Lysian schedule for January Not because they were to ask security Instead For tents of voters said they had no interest In our understanding of the process According to a poll by the Iraq Center for Research and Strategic Studies I wonder when that organization Was developed the Iraq Center for Research The Institute of Studies There's so many of these organizations you know The poll conducted September 15 to 22 to survey 3500 people nationwide in Iraq Of those 66.8% said they very likely would vote in January The elections for National Assembly in June 88.8% said they very likely would vote Just over 8% said they might not Definitely wouldn't vote Only 12.7% of those say they probably wouldn't vote Signing security reasons A lack of information was said about 37.3% Almost 36% said they had no interest There busy watching the Iraqi fear factor In America for a year before the election Since Hadoun Aldulami The executive director of the organization I connected the poll Interact this is the first time Until now there's real no real preparation They gotta get them all pumped up And the peo about it right We're gonna take that out of Lali guy And like some pump up all up as I hate He didn't really shoot those guys in the police station And if he did And because how much of he is going to protect you He's a cowboy like a president Taking care of business You got it He's not a drunk that we know of Any says speaking of wolfwoods Can you imagine what he smells like after hot day I'm washing it all jays I haven't even eaten lunch yet that he thinks Try Since I was listening to our old friend Phil Henry Are you sure man does he like anyone? I think he must have been Brian Cox that made him that way Does he like anyway? Maybe he's surely now The Henry might do not that he's been out of to say Turn coat As a closet right winger Who knows where he ever really was He's just sold out It says ask for your picture of Tom Brady Yes, that's him being interviewed The naked dude is a kicker or the water boy What? No, I don't know Trust me what I tell you The kicker is an administrative It is not an authority I will bet right now Many bell Greg Reid The water not see up at all their lives on it right now Let me go back to the home page And I wouldn't this would be bad if we made a mistake Where did that come from? A contributor of course Okay, let me take a very close look at that Let me give my magnifying glass out Let me put my magnifying glass on Tommy's ass You know what he's right That's Tom Brady with a microphone in his face right Okay, there Oh no, I don't know he can't tell In fact, it looks like twins I don't know I might not be Tom in a back But if we label it Tom Brady question mark Or that's Tom Brady in a back there That's not a bad way to what it is It's close It's over What are we here if he let's just pretend we should probably crop out that thing So it just pretended Tom Brady Okay, they here the hair looks like him, believe me When I run my fingers through his hair, I take very careful over that I really can't tell Maybe it's a stunt double I don't know Anyway, why do you have to ruin my day Which is that is hinting in if you have the naked dude is the kicker or the water boy Well, definitely not And I'm sure that I can tell you that They don't look like atoms I don't know 5 6 7 5 6 Count 5 6 the other Verizon singular world was on What difference is it made cool it is Okay, so naked guy in the piglet sloth A room, that should be good enough to you people What do you want? WQM hello Hello Hello, Neil Yes Hello, yeah Right I think the door for several good chance of winning today You're not a shot Yeah, we got a shot, right WQM hello Oh, Neil Yes sir Okay, just like I just told the last two ball Great I had a couple points I obviously I love your show But obviously When you're done I'm 12 as an inch of yours But for that another dimension I swear to God I was thinking about it This morning I even went to Greg Reed Feel good Yeah, that's One that paid a guy some money Oh, jewelry My name is Hirshil I mean, when you went to morning show What is this thing you were you that paid a guy Wow Oh yeah So I just swear to pay Consense, you know, and And it brings out the best in George and the best Right So, obviously Obviously, the idea of who it says likes to free food He's a veteran of this Logic does not always prevail I just say More like a friend You put that out, Frank and his shame man I'm your hired. We'll see you like a week from Monday to start 6 to 10 Let's see Go ahead Okay, just come down Just suck up a free food and come down So Here's a line five QA and hello Hi Neil Yes sir Did we see 60 minutes last night 60 minutes, 2 minutes No, I didn't see it No Since the American ship over here right there We have to wait seven hours So you got the green Is it right Right here about that The other thing is I would like to find my free complaint For hours You know the vulnerability of salary radio Dude, right there you go There you go I know An anticipation Filer right now I did the patient I'm not a what he's saying And I don't agree with it So you don't agree with it Don't agree with it Okay thanks Ha ha ha Morey and jazz got a good comment He's always he's good He's horrible on TV He's just a Now like some people are good And they're gonna cause their grades They're writing I don't mind him Is he a name? What do you mean? I'll see you know that man on TV Like now, Frank And what's he just said What's he's great? She writes getting juniors goat How strange the George W. Bush has a pun in Samara His commander is taking a stand against the relentless Iraqi Insurgent trying once more to turn the court into war with endless corners Mr. Bush has reminiscent of the protagonist of a pun in Samara by Jonohera Thudon English to some of a wasphe aristocratic renown in effectual father Judence pals were these spenders and rinkers and socially secure who would Thudon their nose is not have to answer to anyone I said their own families Wristly with Philly, Altention and nurturing the chip on his privilege Shorter, the summer fuses to follow in the proper father's footsteps And instead engages in a juniper, I put it in pulse of a bellicosity Falling into self-destructive spiral Let's start when he throws a drink in when allies face it to club Oh, here are preface the novel his most brilliant with a quotation from Somerset Mom about they if you tell the of using a reverse play book to avoid your fate The servant of a Baghdad merts her ones in a death at the marketplace and Gallops off as fast as he can to Samara thinking death will not find him But as it turns out her apartment is not for Baghdad on that day, but for Samara that night W. H. Rockton Asian in the world as a Gallops fast practically trying to avoid his dad's electoral fate He no longer has to take for this father's imposing shadow If he wants to go to war with Saddam without even discussing what his daddy can If he wants to keep his dad from having a speaking slot, the Republican convention he can Even though the president waiting off any attempts to put him on the couch Refuses to work now as any possible sensitivities John Kerry are fully drilled into the source spot in the first debate Senator Kerry evoke the voice of Bush 41 again under 43's thick skin The more Mr. Kerry played to the square proper moderate internationalist war hero The more the president was reduced to childish scouting and fidgeting I think like a naughty little boy who refuses to sit and is seen and he just finished and who all the Heart things the parents want you to do you know the president's father did not go into a rack in a bag That beyond Bosra Mr. Kerry said is w a blink then burned and the reason he didn't is he said he wrote it in his book Because there was no viable exit strategy and he said our troops would be occupiers in a bitterly hostile land That's exactly where we find ourselves today. There's a sense of American occupation Kerry said Mr. Kerry told me now and then guardsman about the extraordinarily difficult missions or troops in Iraq I know what it's like to go out on one of those missions where you don't know what's around the corner And I believe our troops need other allies helping Playing the daddy card was part of the Kerry makeover by the Clintonistas Bubba I for the brahman guy Hahaha no right line Bubba I for the brahman guy In their 92 debate built up and used the same psychological trick to rattle bush 41 I'm getting the Republican pink O'Nee window about a trippy and taking the Zom and Damasco They certainly reminded the first president that his father senator press god Bush of Connecticut And stood up to Zom McCarthy your father was right to stand up to jom McCarthy We're wrong to attack my patriotism the Bush is very agitated when confronted with the spectres of fathers who made them feel that they never measured up And even though Mr. Kerry is more of a stiff loner than poppy bush They share enough that paid that Patricia and doodiful son star of the class and the playing fields Hero on the killing field step resume castle on foreign relations model at a world mojo that he can easily get W's goat It was a sign of how under of W was that he had to rely on his own dark for voting in pathologically unapologed Sir, get daddy dick tini to clean up his debate mess and get the red team back in the game The vice president shield of the kid by treating jom and would just even more of a kid Mr. Kerry may take on the voice of daddy bush again and Fridays domestic debate planning out the W's father try to fix the deficit Rather than mushrooming it to $115 billion The Clintonistas and infuse the Kerry campaign with the new model. It's the couch stupid Hey man nice going marine your go girl 113 and it finds 60 W to come and a sobriest got into very impressed all these bedtime stories that we've been here because when you go to our website They look at the naked pictures and I'm sure they'll be looking naked picture And I'm sure that over the weekend, they'll be one of the big things in town with all the football fans Which one is top radius he read the one in the background being interviewed as that him naked is a jabor I'm gonna study it for a length an hour or two One thirteen at five sixty W to come and said time to here again when mattress chains person sure Was one of their phony sales events columnist they sales you know ideal sounds to be true guess what it usually is It's the classic baton swish technique make attempting offered to get people in the store and then aggressively of sell them Well, you need to pick up that phone right now call 1 800 mattress for get about those rip off artists because that's the number for dial a mattress dial a mattress is Predator is CD poster feed if the number on brand and mattress is anywhere is call 1 800 mattress today You'll get factory direct prices on all CD posture pedics when you call 1 800 mattress you'll get same day delivery all across top Florida Like column number you choose from the deepest the widest the bestest selection of CD betting all available for same day delivery And as always is they've been always doing for you. You still get to pick the day into our window for delivery to fit your schedule All of smart folks even some of the IQ lower than their fingernail size has been making it phone call for their betting because they even Realize that waste and time gas and money at the begging department stores isn't a way to go just make that easy call 1 800 mattress and give yourself a great new CD Parts repeat a bit of dollar mattress you'll be sleeping great tonight and for years to come to check them online if you like a mattress dot com, but please make that call like I've been doing for years 1 800 mattress 1 800 MAT T R E S Here's a bulletin I just get that picture of it. I'm first of all we're okay because it's his time Brady and the camp only over two is time Brady. Yeah, somebody's free the naked guys Tom Brady the one in the back getting interviewed the one in the rear if I can see that can I say that the one in the That's Adam Venetary trust me when I tell you if there's a butt I smell it I think that the this had a light fell down as something Yeah, like you might Oh, I don't have you know my fucks of the lightfully fine. Thank you very much Now if they don't mind for trying to say kidding your sports How about a little touchy theory? Now see I'm just stupid like they say I'm the official voice of the parents Deal why I'll have you know I made my bones when you were in in embryo It is my never told you Ellie I'll be a father daddy Well 19 at five six the WM. You're these in embryo. Let's see what we got on tonight We got to oh that's our her phone hotline stuff in the beast tomorrow It says man dog of two of course you're gonna be on how come that's not on this schedule Yeah, I'm a Joshua that's learned screwed up again Anyway, this is my dog of two tomorrow the humper and oh, I'm gonna be oh, or not well, I think it's perfect Okay, I'll give you good excuse to get out of the house and go out and have a good time on a Friday We put him on the pole He's a big Okay, why not to big old The second category I won't listen it's today. I won't listen to QAM before 10 Okay, or I won't listen no matter what you put out well. How do you want it? But I just I won't listen doesn't look at it for it doesn't do it for me Anyway, the full question is what should WQM put on in a morning 6 to 10 a.m when steering bail's out in January 2006 and get serious Rick and saw it's on an 98 35.4% just really kicking big smell of yes I'm not listen 104 Bob and Tom 60 more Howard David it and won from a little advantage. That seems to be doing pretty well 35 Joe rose 20 it we just put him on here and I told him little lobby is moving up real fast 29 now towards 28 you and the little dog had a battle neck to neck nose to nose Stay on a chair. Yeah, Randy rose 26 more Howard in a jelly girl scene 24 the foe Jeff the forest yield Injured killer 23 don I'm a 22 says coolman solo 14 and the big O just one on and he's got all the zir 567.0 560 Tom 560 and he provides from wireless and singular wireless lines line nine We've quite today QAM Hello, yes, sir Yes, it is Oh, I'm trying to look in on the unit as the long time listen. Oh, then Miami listening now from call this a Love yeah, alright The role is the magnificent choice. How can we as the crow flies Sweet she's a long problem 567 oh 8 560 you talked me into a man. I'm right into crow There you go, thanks for all the time. Okay, he's having him she's they sandwiches for us up there in filling That's an okay place fill it is like living in breathing people there Lots of the tattins lots of charges lots of Jews Not so many a whole year. I don't think I told off here. I wouldn't know I think it's about Yeah, and then of course you know who was there? Mani Ramirez He just will play the full-fit. I'll feel so what I'm hearing Whereas rationale under mine once again. Did you put the crow on a full-pleased guy? I get good. I think I can get many votes, but you know the comedy vote there. He sure smells good I'm sure sometimes not what he's in a building, but somewhere sometime maybe at birth One by one official reports by government investigators statements by four men See he's one of those very few people I've ever known who smells too good Not so he smells bad he just smells too good too much. Okay, we're okay. I'm clean your act down One by one official reports by government investigators statements by four men's patient official and internal CI Analyzes have combined what are my many of the central rationale so the administration's case for war with Iraq and its handling of the post-invasion Occupation the release of yesterday's definitive account on a max weapon's and it's conclusion that Iraq no longer had weapons to mass destruction Years before the West let invasion is only the latest in the series of damaging votes of the White House of strategy of portraying the war in Iraq is being on the cusp of success Report also comes just a few weeks after Democratic presidential challenge of John Kerry gave new life to his campaign by emphasizing when he asserts is the death Between the president's rhetoric and the realities in Iraq in other words is a frickin liar We don't want to use the harshest word is carry would say he's a freaking liar and Of course the chain ain't even bigger liar, and you also need a beta and I could go back again a while You know, I Or just I mean wife and bother with him and and it was didn't he didn't really Neil I mean, that's what pissed me off He just kept saying well, you know, if you listen carefully to the vice president's word He should have said you're a freaking liar You silly old dude. He should have gotten up and taken a fist at him and see if he couldn't do this a bit hard attack Got a 95 sure done that and I've been great Yeah Have that and have that ticker thing that pacemaker Stop out right on the table there I can just see that bitch from PBS Retro and grabbed it. Oh my god. I got the vice president's heart my hand Oh my god. Yeah. Well sometimes it worries us hard on this sleeve This week president pushes for my administrator in Iraq called Bremer Broker the Minister of San Francisco He sent student to two few troops to Iraq and has a lot of culture of lawlessness to develop the CIA Using information get that back in maybe catch that last week and whether son of a saying aided Abu was subs are Kaui and outside of social has even a station repeatedly alleged before the war and his cheney kept trying to hop into the bay on three Tuesday night The CIA over the summer delivered an analization that Iraq could be expected in the best case scenario to achieve a tenuous Diplomatic over the next 18 months and in a worst case to dissolve in the civil war The July assessment with some of her one produced before the war another in Blake 2003 There were more pessimistic in tone than the administration's portrayal of the resistance to US occupation They lie they stole wall They pretend that they don't get it. They never make mistakes. They can't admit they ever made a mistake Which is why I think it was as if I'm sure in at first to make it say you know maybe I made them out I made a mistake on the way I talked about my support of the war my vote, but the this president Kind of invaded Iraq which is worse Which mistake is worse nice going carry fighting finally which stuff nicely a little bit a little bit Marnight I want to see I want some real accurate. I love the kicks in serious but Some van Crawford Texas buffalo, but I want to see it right tomorrow. They're on TV And don't forget tomorrow night. We will be changing the poll to 10 30 immediately after the debate So even though everybody else in her brother does it you also put online on our poll and find out who you thought one and who did well And if you really care and That's said when so on and if the crow really smells that good that'll be tomorrow 10 30 And that'll be right after whatever silly as poll you take tomorrow during the show Got your polio. Yeah, kind of working on it. Oh here you go This is a great choice God for Val now coming to so long then This is he was a great lead in the year show which is not true. He didn't at least in the ratings. He did nothing for us. Remember that right I don't know why what that was all about I think he had a different set of shrouds around 31 shades 34 bad met all that so what's the story with him now? He man I have never seen a guy anywhere in his business. There's something to be a great video Who's waiting tables at the burger king over there and uh, sometimes? Yeah, I have never seen a guy change jobs and lose jobs and get canned and just the boss around Then this guy how many days does he hold the average job? Now this particular case they changed the format up during the line They went to Spanish like with music or some crap like that see We'll see what And we have no idea what he's doing now, right? He's pregnant Is he really yeah Well, I'll be damned. I didn't know we had it in him. It does know Oh here you go. What's next dead babies? Yeah, I'm trying to try for fun But babies are in the morning. He's gonna be great and find the old C. K L W D Jingles dead babies 27 after one at five six He's never to kill anybody except unless you're from Detroit no bud babies without any idea what did babies all about? I said, well of course, I'll be on for the mad dog at you this afternoon. One of his rare appearances now Oh, don't don't go. He's out on the street He would all the hurricane missing September Armstrong for the homestead must turn out all remaining old force to make room for the 2005 You'll save like never before an all remaining old forzons stock ready for immediate delivery to some Ranger Tundra F. 150 pickups Explorers and expeditions count fifth choruses focuses and mustings to its espialisosis Every o for on lot Armstrong for the homestead has been drastically reduced and you're gonna save literally $1000 Plus Armstrong for like they always do offer more value to their customers when you buy your for for Armstrong For you'll get their exclusive tires and batteries for like program you heard rights tires and batteries for life And the value you'll get at Armstrong for doesn't stop there me to because right now They're offering you a free floor to some past with any vehicle you buy if you've been wanting a new car But you've been putting it off weight no longer David rich in a great step at Armstrong for the homestead will guarantee you the best price and don't forget These folks are locally owned enough for it. They'll treat you to life family. No BS no a son of dance No bait and switch just the best deals in town Armstrong for the homestead to reveal 725 South sexy highway just 20 minutes south of the 836 a little bit of a drive for many but well worth a drive Believe you me check out the way barmsdron cars dot com drive that little bit and then save a ton hundreds probably Thousands on that new fort only from Armstrong forward of homestead Roger Be criminalized hot in Florida I love to go to the night. I hope to go to the night. I hope to go to the night. I hope to go to the night. I hope to go to the night. Oh my God, it was your meat. I was here. Oh my my, it was your meat. I met him. He was great to meet you. He thought it would be good. And I'd love to go to the night. I hope to go to the night. I'm gonna get up in the star I'm supposed to join I hope to join when I'm too sleepy I'll get you And then every 10 thousand boys I hope to join here I hope to join, hope to become a queen As you and I'm a boy I hope to join, hope to join I'm supposed to join, hope to join Time of my dream And my dream I hope to join I'm a little bit scared of you. I'm a little bit scared of you. I'm a little bit scared of you. I'm a little bit scared of you. I'm a little bit scared of you. I'm a little bit scared of you. I'm a little bit scared of you. I'm a little bit scared of you. I'm a little bit scared of you. I'm a little bit scared of you. I'm a little bit scared of you. I'm a little bit scared of you. I'm a little bit scared of you. I'm a little bit scared of you. I'm a little bit scared of you. You turned around and it hit That's what I hoped you would say to go inside my glass delivers! Oh, this is fun! Oh, right. Now, you have all his things, come on in their80s. Of course you are in your team with the time I leave. Good week, goodamper. I hope you don't be far from your judge I say I hope you lost your soul I'm so grateful to you I hope you don't want to be free I hope you don't want to be free I hope you don't want to be free Give me a hug I hope that you'll be free I hope I don't want to be free I hope you don't want to be free I hope you don't want to be free Oh I'll be free What 35? I love this face when my favorites are long time from Robert Schroorten, Swiss, is how about Brooke Daniels for the Paul? She was always good for a laugh. I said, oh, I said, oh, I love her. He's got to do her. I think I was saying she belongs on. Why see? Well, that's another story. So let's inside, think there. So to speak. That was. See, this could get in deeper than that. John Price says, when you run, then fans will leave in. Oh, boy. Why don't you say, well, I'll put it on there. Just get a few different names on it. Rick and Sads are kicking ass. They're like far and he had a wife, which is why won't happen, of course. Two, why won't you be back from vacation because I enjoy Sads, the judge doesn't hold my attention. Sorry. We don't have to be sorry. Other people don't like George or many people don't like me. That they, people don't like either one of us, and whatever. You don't care. We just want to money. But I'll be back a week from Monday. What's the date on that? It's late. Right? Yes. Yes. October 18, I'll be back. Right in Bushy, tail. And still, it'll be going on. We're along those days, I hope. Also, it says you played a bit about the Michael Jackson and the bloat. Funny, but that's the time of the story. Had heard it before, but hadn't picked up on that line about the bloat. Having just had, oh, man, I had a, a chicken sandwich. It would buy and raise track, the other night for just about killed me. Got the bloat, you know? I got the bloat. In fact, I saw it for think about, when I came home and, oh, I thought I wasn't, I wasn't such a young guy. If I was going to die, do you want to know why? Because why? You're going to die because it's the fry. Just like those French fries you like to. Yeah, it's a deep fried and batter. And greasy. Oh, it was pretty good though. Anyway, it's, uh, it's having had just had draw surgery day before I knew it was playing with dynamite. But it truly sent me diving to the mountains or new office. You couldn't hear about the bloat till he heals up. It says keep it up until you had the vacation. It's good to know how it's turns out. It should be working hard to get naked pictures and stop getting in the silly contracts. No, I'm not going to teach you my thing or two. It normal send us that picture. We didn't. Huh? Of what? Tom? Or Tom Brady? No. Are you sure? Positive? Yes. Okay. Good. Because I can't imagine who doing anything constructive for a funeral for the show. And anyway, oil prices have no record of 53 bucks in barrel today. And concerns over tight winter heating fuel supplies and news of an unspecdened strike and Nigerian oil terminals. It is really tight, baby. And supply, too. You asked like couldte of futures in a record of 53 dollars of barrel, marking a surge of 20 bucks in barrel more than 60 percent so far this year. Thank you, El Presidente, for those low gas prices, baby. Once, London's bread crude also struck a record for figure 49, 20, we for easing vector real bargain, 4861 up 62 cents on the day. Wow. Thank you. You and your Saudi friends, those great robbers. And I'll guarantee that you'll have a scream about the hurricanes and about the shortage and all the southern guarantee. Each quarter of the gas companies, the world companies will come out before the record profits like they do all the time. So you know what I'm saying? I hear what you're saying. Yeah. The price doesn't have to be at that level, but they're just dodging the world. If we, if we would attack Saudi Arabia, I'll tell you right now. I'd be really happiest. Huh? If we would've gotten that free gas. We're gasing all gas you want. Unless you want to put your one on chicken sandwiches. You are listening to Neil Rajasay's, who is it, ladies? I'm a fighter, sir. Oh, God. Don't ride you, huh? Huh? This is old J. Since I've been released from jail, I like to keep track of my bitches. So I recommend to you to old J, since you've been bitched jack for women. Believe me, brothers, you won't get jack with bitch jack. Just a pass, a small home in the vice-deal bitches leg, and you can track her all around half. And just in case she keeps me, she'll get up beaten. You see, when you're a woman being messin' around, new bitch jack for women, let's out and inaudible beef and sound, it only you can hit. And once they catch us, she's all yours. Dear, name is Susamson. We tracked down your old lady with a white man. What shall we do with her? Well, thank you, officer. Oh, hand over this. You bitch, don't you know I'll track and you with bitch jack. I'm a cut your throat, you bitch, I'm a... So remember, your home will get very far. With all J, since he's new bitch jack for women. Hey, just because all J is free. Don't mean don't bitches, that's to be free, too. Hey, bitch jack. One point is renowned, I'm curious, is there a lot of make sure that we play only those approved choice approved bits. But did we check out the Eisencar alarm once upon a time that we decided that we didn't play that? While spending the remainder of your cool-up. Yes, in the land of death. The one thing you have to depend on is your car. With two canoes that don't arise. The people who rush you a big black-eyed name Ben Car alarm. Now, bring you and old Jewish guys named Eisen. In a way, from my supportive of the old, you big M.A.F. Remember when we used to boast that back at Canterbury, and try to have the order to get a bunch of information. Wait, what's it called? In a way, from my supportive of the old, you big M.A.F. I always thought I was sexier, especially. That's all we need. So Saturday you might старpy stains on us. It's a way from my supportive of the old, you big M.A. I has to get away from my supportive of the old. You big M.A.F. You never some animal speaking. I feel safer. With an old Jewish guy named Eisenọior. They could get away from my supportive of the old. I think I think I'll be there. And receive a free flower in China. Get away, get away. Get away from my order for you. You'll take this baby and my aunt. And hold Jewish gun in my son's car in line. I will be able to do all Zeta's stories. 145 of QA, and I'm curious that flower and antenna thing is it's strictly a forward thing. The altar cockers and floor of the new letters. Everywhere. The only altar cockers I know are here, so. I don't see that anywhere else that I've been going. You don't see this. Well, me. The kids used. And of course, we don't have a mind of talk. I was thinking about that yesterday. I guess because we put the old as one of the choices you want to be called by anybody. And I don't know what point. I guarantee I'm getting really close. Of course, you've been called me the old man for about a hundred years now. Not a hundred, man. But I'm certainly getting close. I mean, when you get to 62, which will be in November for me, you get 62. You're like a, and sometimes you're going to see me sit in this gun. I don't want it. I can afford to pay the full price. I don't want to see me sit in this gun. Well, there's a matter of you pay the full price. You're still old. Oh, I know that. But I just, I don't want them to reinforce it. I understand. In fact, I have gone into, I'm trying to think of what drug chain they got. I've got a right saw. I've got an extra in like a butt for shrimp and something. Oh, are you a senior citizen and looking at her like, Oh, man. I'd like to get her with your bitch jacket. Oh, Jay in there. Yeah. Are you a senior citizen? Yes, honey. I'm a senior citizen. Give me a 20% discount, please. And a free bottle of polo then. Or whatever it comes. I guess comes in a box and a polo then too. Charges dropped against Jordan 27 protest is aggressively. The RNC RNC. A man hadn't criminal court drug yesterday dropped charges against 247 protest is arrested during the Republican National Convention. After prosecutors said they would have differently proving the case. A system of district attorney, when in Beech told drugs, Katherine Fried that the administrative is mutt of infused by instructions given by cops, I made that Katherine Fried. It's FRIED. It's FRIED. Maybe Katherine is fried. Beech said it would have been difficult to prove that the protest is word deliberately defined police directors are intentionally acting in a disorderly manner just before police raised nets around the door and ordered them cuffed. And it carefully worded statement. Beech defended the arrest, noting the police had good reason to believe that the group intended to violate the law. I love it. The intended to violate the law, because it was the first by Marching of the Department. Where now was it New Jersey somewhere we had a few years ago? About the New Deal. If they think that you have the intent of breaking the law, they're going to arrest your ass. Prefiling. That's what I know. That the mind police. Hmm. Well, I just think of you didn't do nothing. But we know what you're thinking. Her voice. Oh, John and Colby South Carolina again. Oh, my God. And you said, have both of me. John, come down. Get a life. I have no life. Oh, I'm so sorry. I'm sorry here. You're taking the next week off. I'll be in Hollywood beginning tomorrow. That's why I'm taking the week off. Plus I'm out there anyway. Oh, yeah. I thought that you, George and I could hang out together. Feed the pigeons. Play shuffleboard. I'm just hanging out. See this. Let's write in a while. He's just talking about. Would that have been really cool? Oh, well, I guess I'll just have to wait until another day. Have a safe trip. Thank you, John. I think it'll be in Hollywood with the frogs. Do we have a big frog fest this year or not? I don't know. Have a turn out with things so because another thing we can thank Mr. Bush for not only those cheap or gas prices, but also that strong American dollar. You know what I'm going to look at that right now. So this is so depressing. If you don't know how that impacts me, not that I can't afford it. You understand. Let's see. Can you all, 70, 938, Canadian, about a year and a half ago, the Canadian dollar against the American was like 62 cents. What a bargain it was for me with my American paycheck. And now it's like almost 80. Holy moly, man. That is just unacceptable. Can you believe that? And such a short period of time. The euro is through the roof of British pounds. He's just kicking American dollars ass. Everything is negative to rate. And we got about half of the American public's is, oh yeah, four more years in us to be paradise baby. We want more boots. We're just keeping a make a safe. Come on. You can go in. Yes sir. Hey, I'm Ryan. I got a great idea to take over our firm. Yeah. Mark the Jeff fan. Richard. No, what a great. WQA and we already tried that. WQA and hello. Hi. Yes sir. In the, I mean, what's Palm Beach and there's like a crazy, uh, Spanish station. I don't know. It's, it's telling me. Really? For the past week, I'd say. Yeah. It sounds like a pirate station like that. Oh, you know, since maybe that's what that is, maybe there's a pirate, but how do they do power A and say it's against the good? I don't know. I think they do. I think it's more popular with like the, uh, you know, Spanish. Spanish. Yeah. You'll, you'll, A and pirate. Right. Maybe it's an old exileal is trying to drown us out. That's possible. I think it didn't be good. The, uh, either. These are on and maybe Theresa Lefors behind it. That's true. This is a proper kind of block they show off because of the fact that we're not, uh, bush liqueurs on this show. Let's show. Speaker's low. Good luck. Thanks to the bad news, Pal. We'll just talk louder. All right. You know, it's a charge for the city of Cruz. I mean, if we had city of Cruz, the back cover would be all bad, huh? I didn't get a booze and I am dead now, but that read on the window was a lie. I believe it's going to be boring with it. That's dope. Yeah, Yeah. Ready to one more blog.�ving back in loud. Down the stairs. Good.스 at... What? Yeah. Going to van Dogby and Gerry Phillips. Sun's got the cap. Lion, musical, he's got a book creative Whisperer, but a lot of area from my before night. You're here to be ready. I've plucked the ball from gold as old as old Like no one's ever seen this To bear on the ground as where the state There never were in control And when you say my amy You're talking to a little bit older There's a Miami doll for us Miami doll for us Miami doll for us All these things will be ready to Miami doll for us Miami doll for us Don't bet on them you'll always lose They don't so how this tackle They don't know how to block Their coaches ought to tell them To put them in their jacket That's when they would learn much faster And even in defeat Then we go to the stadium We'll see my amy They're the Miami doll for us Miami doll for us Miami doll for us The country teams in the middle Miami doll for us Miami doll for us The team that hasn't got a clue Miami has the confidence But the dolphins have no fans Just 50,000 apples Sitting in the stands They watch the game And all they do is mowing Grife and bitch I wonder how Joe Abbey got to be so bad And rich and there the Miami doll for us Miami doll for us Miami doll for us Miami doll for us The dolphins are how many things will be ready But third man Miami doll for us Miami doll for us Miami doll for us Miami doll for us Miami doll for us The dolphins have faith People that quarter facts that you bought Run down the field and he will call Up and over you I'll never win a super bowl You should be surprised When we get cut that doesn't mean that You were circumcised in there The Miami doll for us Miami doll for us Miami doll for us Miami doll for us Miami doll for us Miami doll for us Miami doll for us Jacals is signals in Hebrew The dolphins have no deepness And their often says a joke Like George Bush eating pretzels You know they're gonna choke They'll always just stop point you When they're in a playoff race With fewer points than fuck marks on Hising those ugly faces They're the Miami doll for us Miami doll for us Miami doll for us I'm right over here the Well said the most my steer Howard David standing by more Howard David for a German today to the full I beg your pardon. Have a seat of it so long Did he come in to say hi? No, I should go over there And go over there you more about his ball spot for crying out like in my best regards. I'll tell you Tell that I They get the fire the fact that he's getting it made for working like one day a month something like that Plus does often deal is a separate deal. It gets paid by the dolphins for that so he's got a better deal than any of us going right now What's not to like? What is not to like anyway? He'll be on now. We got the hump or like I started seeing it for and you got some stuff nobody cares about some Hurricanes stuff. Okay. Here's the deal Who should WQM put on the morning so go on time and morning thing is just It's funny Exciting it's unpredictable. You just think it's like a rotating thing. It's like it never comes down to work It's just like person rotate Who should nobody come put on the morning six to ten a when stern bail's out from infinity goes to a serious in January of 2006 now I see how 15 months away, but nevertheless That clock is ticking 681 votes and Rick and says to 28 just bearing the competition I will listen no matter what that you do 125. I don't know sweet into anything on the bed Is that okay? No, we forgot. It's fine like that. I don't think it Bob and Tom 68 love Bob and Tom Joe rose 42. He's zooming up to the start. We did not they love Ultra. Oh, and you know what Joe rose has a thick neck big head Tickneck yeah, I was not mentioned that because almost forgot to tell you that picture How did I get sucked into that that whole time? Oh, you know people No because if you end up in a theory is a thick neck Believe me. I know my papri it's the important ones and I've had a three-year-old much thicker one and the neck too Then Tom Brady so you look at the interview now do you some of you people who think you know something man Very embarrassing and I got like sucked into that anyway Joe rose 42 little George is about 38 more how we dividend him on from a little of Anna 37 They like that one Randy Rhodes 33 Jeff defaulted to Florida 32 more how we dividend guilty 27 never gonna have to Cross me he don't want nothing new with your guilty He wouldn't touch you with a 10 foot the dime is 23 sets coolman 15 he'll be on with George tomorrow Scott for rounds got six What is pretty weak in it? Which I would also wear all get out of here. He's been on there a while don't start to you know He's not gonna bring you any good crap Scott for rounds got six run and fast for where the crow Warren from art is got three and a big oh has got one which means he voted Cop Wyatt comes But hop