Let's play who wants to be a millionaire! Puff Daddy! Sitting in the chair, I'll call you Puffie. Yo yo, man yo yo! Are you ready? Yeah! Here's your $100 question. Finish this nursery rhyme. Alright. Hickory, Dickory, blank. Is it a duck, the peer, See, Marina, or D-in-litt. Oh, man! Is the $100 question right here? You're kidding me, right? This is $100. For $100. This ain't the million dollar question. This is the first one. Hey, it's only for $100. It's this a black thing! Would you like to use a like for it? Yeah, alright, what do I got? What do I got? Well, we have the Aste audience, the 50-50, and the phone friend. Aste audience. Not too many white people in here. 50-50, and the hell me? Oh, you don't want me to phone a friend. Gonna phone a friend on the $100 question finishing the nursery rhyme. Yeah. Alright, who are we gonna call Puffie? Oh, my boy, old dirty bastard! Old dirty bastard! Yeah, dirty, we call him. Our friends from AT&T will get old dirty on the line, and hopefully he can help you. Yo. Old dirty. Yeah, man. Regis Filbin from who wants to be a million heir. How are you? Hey. Got your friend here, Puff-Daddy. Yo, dirty, what's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? Alright, alright. Old, what's up? Old dirty. Puff-Daddy's in a little bit of trouble here on the $100 question. He's the first time, man. First question, and the next voice you hear will be his, he'll come on the line, he'll ask you the question. They'll give you four possible choices. Are you set? Hey, man. Next voice you hear will be his, and 30 seconds begins now. What is that? You're dirty. Finish this off for me, alright? Hey, man. Pickery, dickery, blank. Is it a doc, B, P, A, C, marino, or D, in the, oh, oh, oh. Come on, man. I don't got much time. I know this, man. I know it. I see it's P, P, you sure? But, but, third, man. There's a lot of money, man. About 30. Alright, man. Thank you very much. I, man. Times up for old dirty, said P, you still have two lifelines left. We are on the $100 question. You know what we just want to pull the audience? No, I like to add a lifeline. I'll actually know there's only three lifelines you've used one you have to let. No, no, no. I get another lifeline. It's a brand new one to the game. And what is that, Puffy? It's called Shoot the Host. Puffy, you can ask the audience. I call it Shoot the Host. Puffy, use the 50-50. What's the answer? Puffy, it's Doc, it's A. It's Doc. My final answer is Doc. It's Doc. And it's a good one. You got all of it all. Run, you run, you run. Run, you run. Run, you run. Run, you run. Run, you run. Run, you run. Run, you run. Run, you run. Run, you run. Run, you run. Run, you run. Run, you run. Run, you run. Run, you run. Run, you run. Run, I like that. Let's play that all day. What do you say? Sounds like a plan to me. Good stuff. Anyway, I guess Stern was on live today. We'd know that, because otherwise he'd be allowed an hour earlier. What's your next week? All next week. They got best to Stern on all next week. Best to Stern on. So that means for us as real pain in the old. Black dumb ass. Long shows. Oh brother. and especially Thursday and Friday because I already made a deal with George. I'm being honest to me about this uh best of crap with Stern next week, which they've sprung on us this morning. And then the last two weeks in December? Holy moly, you gotta be shmitting me, man. Oh, we'll play those bits. What bits? The ones we can't play anymore? Right. How about condolese uh, condolese by that? And you gotta kiss a good morning, what about that? Sounds good to me. Yeah, let's do that. But we get probably a 90 share on Thursday. Now, that's uh, pain in the ass. This Stern and Bailon out all night. Week best of a 10 o'clock. What are we going to do with that? And Thursday and Friday, no George, which I agreed to work you in on Thanksgiving day, but uh, everybody agrees that's a bad idea. Right. Yeah, pretty much. So what are we going to do then? Oh, we just have to go with the flow. Ha ha ha ha. That's uh, that sounds like a real rocket science kind of solution to our problem. We just go with the flow, okay? And maybe, let's go with the flow. We'll stick on. No, no, no, no. What do you say that? All right. Rimes with me. I think it's called. No. No. Well, we're coming. I also got a work on that website. But we got many issues on that, baby. Oh, I don't want to get Eric all whipped up into a, whoa, one of his friends. He's, but you got to redesign that thing, man. Because that ain't working out. I mean, it's a beautiful thing. We got all kinds of neat stuff on their lot. Like we got Dick Cheney's uh, swollen package. And the big art crack goes along with it. But I do with that. I thought I printed that thing out. When I was at, well, we'll find it. And anyway, uh, you got Dick Cheney's package. You got Jim Rome getting thrown on his ass by Betsy, uh, Everett, Kristoff. And we got nothing about Scott and Lacey Peterson. No, thank God. So if you're like, uh, the good news about Colin Powell resigning, we saw the fact he's a total sellout in an equal time. Other than that, is the fact that, uh, at least it takes Scott and Lacey Peterson off the front pages and headlines and freaking CNN and MSNBC, you talk about a feeding frenzy. If anybody needs any proof of what Tammy Fays have been telling you for years. But media is sick and he's not badly. Holy crap. I mean, just nonstop. We had Scott Lacey Peterson up the ass all weekend. Then you know, just never ending on and on and buff up by his I panel. Here's our panel. Here's Nancy Grace and his amazing grace. And let's some art grace, you know, holy crap. Now the reason I just played that bit there to start number one. I got one to hear last week, but that is nothing to do with why I played a Cascour him. But the reason I played it is because our good close friend, but third man, old dirty rhymes about 30 he died. And there's still a still trying to figure out why, you know, yeah, how can that be? Couldn't be no drugs could it? Well, the rap artist, ODB, old or any master, old dirty rhymes with about third man, whose utterly unique rhymes while lifestyle and incestant legal troubles made him one of the most vivid characters in hip hop. Claps and die, then side of recording studio said it. He was, uh, 35, which ain't too far from my third man. Old dirty and completed chest pains before collapsing at the Manhattan studio was dead by the time paramedics arrived said, Gabe Tessa Riro, a spokesman for the ODB record label, Rockefeller. I like that. That's ROC-A-F-E-L-A-F-L-A-Rachafella. Causing that was not immediately clear, but old dirty, recently finished a prison sense for drug position and escaping a rehab clinic. He would have turned 36 today. Oh, let's hear it. What do you say? And out of old dirty, what have been 36 today? If he just made a one more day. Couple of one more day. Let me see what the ODB has said to me. It's two more days till 36 and he could make it dammit. I hate that. ODB also known as old dirty bastard, dirt, mgaard, big baby Jesus, or his legal name of Russell Jones. Was the founder of the Semitable Rap Group, the Wu Tang Klan, and the early 1990s, the Wu Tang Klan. Is this unorth, I'm begging pardon? Wu Tang, you gotta feel like that. You're a fair properly. But won't be saying no, Wu Tang. With this unorthodox delivery, ultimately is slurred hyper-non-sensical old dirty still, not even in the nine-man Klan, which feeds the touch feature stars admit to man, RZN Ghostface Killer. Oh, he's my favorite high Ghostface killer. He'd be the best. That'd be RZN by the way. Oh, RZN is RZN? Yes. Oh, that's right, RZN is it. That's right, my Miza. RZN? He's a real Pizza. The Wu Tang Blueprint was for each member to pursue solo projects and old dirty's were among the best. He released hit singles such as Shimishimi Yon, got you a money, and appeared on remixes with artists like Big Boob Mariah Carey. We got that one big one in the middle of her chest. There's nobody like him in the game. RZN told the AP San of what it owned that. He wasn't an April, and if you would ask if old dirty could resume his career after prison. He's got a lot of problems he's got to iron out, but of course, as far as the one of a kind person wanted kind artist, he's one of a generation. One of a lifetime he's a very rare commodity, and of course he's dead. But as his fame increased, so that his erratic behavior and fans came to respect the unexpected from old dirty. Every time he'd say, We're just about paying their pants when he'd say that. What MTV News followed him around at the height of his popularity, Tim Cameron, crew and several of his kids, he would say that more than it does by numerous mothers to the welfare office, and a little busy to get in a lot of the food stamps. Ha ha ha ha, no. Man, he was sure a role model wasn't he? Oh yeah. To get in a lot of the food stamps, and the best part is he got him. In February 1998, crashed the stage at the Grammy Awards and he was attacked the microphone from singer Sean Colvin, as she accepted an award, apparently upset of losing the best rap album to a P. Didi, who was then still back then known as Puff Daddy, then of course everybody knows now's P. Didi as real faggot. He complained that he spent a lot of money for new clothes because he thought he was going to win the rapper later apologized. Over the years, he was wounded in the shootings and arrested on a veritable laundry list of charges, including menacing security officers, illegally possessing body armor, driving with his suspended license, shoplifting and threatening a former girlfriend. In 2000 after escaping Hortordid's sin in California rehab center, authority searched him for a month. He was finally arrested and filled out the 3 days after performing a New York City concert with his Wu-Tang click. He was sentenced in 2001 to 2 to 4 years for drug possession, plus 2 concorded years for escaping from a clinic. He was released in 2003 immediately signed with Raqafella. He hurled it as return with a new conference alongside Mariah. Terry Poppaz may know investors, memorable cameo on her hit fantasy, featuring rhymes like me and Mariah. Go back like babies with pacifiers. You like that rhyme? That was great. Yeah, me and Mariah go back like babies with pacifiers. To Surrey Arrows said Odee, me and Gaworken was come back out for more than he was almost finished. Russell inspired all of us with his spirit wouldn't tremendous heart, Raqafella founder Damon Dash and the statement, the world has lost a great talent, but we mourn the loss of our friend. His mother, Cherry Jones, remember Cherry Jones? Oh yeah. No you don't. Since she received the news of her son's death in a phone call, which he called every mother's worst dream, to the public he was known as old dirty bastard, but to me was known as Rusty, the kindest, most generous, so-honor for statements said, Russell was more than a rapper who was loving father, brother, uncle and most of all son, whose date he did his daughter in a whole dirty. I don't know, maybe they'll bear him on the old dock or the peer or one of them things. Maybe he can sit on the dock and bathe with Odee's ready, how they can reminisce about old times. What do you say? Here's the results from our world payment. Now let me just say this in the video. Don't forget about the website, because that's important stuff today. Okay, don't forget about the news. Looking at big Chinese package, and the accompanying article that goes with it, which I forgot to print out, which I can't add. I don't have time to waste with that. We got too many important jingles to play. Okay. You see, it's one thing for that mysterious voice that was in the this morning, be unmentsatable one. I'm sorry. But, uh, Stern B and on vacation next week, so they got best of all week and then last two weeks in December. Well, that's fine. And now what? Now, now what do we do? See what I'm saying? In other words, just telling us that Stern's going to be on tape and so, uh, they're done about 10, and it's been a great week. Well, now what? We just have to make the adjustment. Oh, I see. Well, just this. As Dick Cheney would say in that picture, just this white man. It's been pretty, pretty, uh, a pondress, this crap. By the way, look for the Qm van right now at the McDonald's. Whatever you do, don't go in your need. But go to the look for the van. Look at it on the corner. 67th Avenue of Palmetto stop by to RSVP for a VIP. What does that mean? RSVP for a VIP meet and greet meet and meet and uh, it'll be meet with us. Card driver Dale Gerard is a real redneck. You can also RSVP at WQM.com. We're not promoting Qm.com. Okay. Why did you put that on there? Because you can't get in. You speak. Why did you put that on there? Yeah, and crossing that out. Oh, plus you can also pick up movie passes to watch National Treasure tonight at the Mammil H17 movie theater. So it's, it would be who view. To go to the Qm van right now at the McDonald's in the parking lot. I'm sure. Probably shoveling down big banks. Don't sure. Yeah. At the corner of 67th Avenue Palmetto. And if you want your Dale Gerard passes just to your finger deep in your nose, they'll know. They'll get the sign. That's encode, you know. When you stick your finger deep in there and start rolling around and then you pull one out and start rolling around on the edge of your nose. Okay. Here's the pull way to Plast Friday. The radio TV or movie celebrity you hate the most. Lot of hate. Lots of hate. Although we quite frankly didn't have that big way. 2750 votes. We can do that on a weekday, you know. Yeah. Let that great for the weekend. Maybe they stored their hate away for the holidays. Because you know South Florida. We just hate the holidays. Yes. Russel emball 922 the most hated of them all. Boy, I mean he's got it hands down his pants. Top a couple more rush. And culture is like almost 700 votes behind 272. Is that winning handlier what? Huh? Even Secretary would be embarrassed. And called a rate distance second to 72 for that bitch. Dr. Phil 214 he's slipping out of side out of mind. Nobody watches him anyway. Him and Nancy Gray. Same person. He's Nancy Gray's for the mustache. Bill O'Reilly, 199. Heated. Reviled. John Hannity 181. OJ's got 155. That was his only honor because then bad movies he made years ago. I thought he would do a little better. Now he's compared to Russia. You can see the people at our audience who are really still filming at the mouth about another stole election about all his bush business. They're really disgusted to the hypocrisy these people. So Russia course zoom me to the top. OJ we knew he was a slime ball. Rosie O'Donnell 1116. Ricky Tickie Sanchez 75. He's on CNN all the time. Now he's just all over the place. Him and Scott Peterson will be doing a two man pretty soon. They'll be doing each other. Paris Hilton with that skinny Noah 63. He is skank. If you look up the definition of skank, her picture is right there next to it. Bob Novak 52. He's probably going to be on Crossfire. Pretty soon. Miss Camals got 49. P. Did he 40 said no we just talked about him? Yeah. Oprah 36. Mohour David and the seat talk about people slide. Oh, do do do do do do do. 31. He is fallen and look at Castro nobody. He's got about 30 man. I got a facet about him a little bit. Karratop 29. Lv. 29. Arnold 26. J. L. 23. Will Smith 21. Jim Rolm will get pushed on his ass by Betsy Everett. In that picture on our website, Romy's got 20. Jim Grey 18. He's run on Romy's behind. Tucker Carlson 18. Phil Henry 17. Are you sure positive? Harold O. 15. Ben Afflack 14. David Spade 12. Richard Gears 11. And then single digits. Kelly Riponine and I'll care what George says she looks to skank you to me. Barbara Walters Brian Rorkross, Ray Romano Joe Scarborough 7. Wolf Blitzkrieg, only five Tom Hanks five Terry Bradshaw 4. Bill Hummer's got a pair and Sully that a Brian's probably got a bigger pair. She's got two. She's a dünvet. He's a silly person. She's what's wrong with the CNN right there. Sully person to get all those panels of the Sully little the pop rock people that come out. Oh, and I think that's out and Zion just having the hissy paid it. All those screaming queens. That's CNN for you. And you won't get any real news there. Let me tell you that right now. That's why I once that's verdict came down. They had a two hour it was worse than our dolphin for game pre game show for our deal. Really. Oh yeah. Finish the show on Friday. I go in there. Turn on the tube and like it about two fifteen or something like that. Oh my god. Breclously at four p.m. they're going to want us to go to the jury's reach to the curtain and they're doing like a two hour four play build up to the of verdict. The anticipation. Talking about O.J. see the networks were desperate for another O.J. The problem is nobody cared about scottly see Peterson. Nobody gave a fine figure. Okay. We don't care. We still don't care. It's 11 13 11 13 we just started here. Before you know it'll be noon like I said that whole thing about next week something needs to be done about that. I think Joseph Gackie tend to 11 sounds like a weiner to me. You know, now's the time to save like never before it Armstrong for the homestead because they have to clear out all remaining O.J. The time gets yourself zero percent financing on any of the following explorers escapes focuses. Turses and mustangs is certainly is a part of the lots of Armstrong for homes that are loaded. And with more O.J. driving every day they're cutting pressures like crazy. You'll save a ton of Armstrong for the homestead. Like I always tell you they offer you more ready to hear to you because when you buy your fordard armstrong, your Ford at Armstrong Ford you'll get an unheard of deal. There are exclusive tires and batteries for life program. That's correct. Tires and batteries for life. A message Sally would like that. So I've been wanting a new car but been putting it off weight no more. David Rich and his staff at Armstrong Ford at home. Did? Well, you're in tune with the best press and don't forget. Armstrong Ford at home did look like we owned an operator. I want to make you a customer for life. So, they'll treat you to this like family. You won't get a better deal on a Ford anywhere. No bait and switch. No phone deals. Armstrong Ford at home did a 307.25. South Dixie Highway just 20 easy minutes. Both of the old age 36. Check them on the wicked worldwide web at ArmstrongCars.com and then drive a little bit. Save thousands on that new Ford only at prestigious Armstrong Ford of home stay. And the class of I did is add in the I'm more sexy than John Edwards. Much more sexy than John Edwards. He may look like the fifth beetle or one of the monkeys but I fancy myself and I go Chicklets. Oh, is that Chicklets? I'm more sexy than John Edwards. Much more sexy than John Edwards. He doesn't have paralysis in his lips. Talk on the side like this. He's good. Yeah. Me. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'm more sexy than John Edwards. I may have lost his against me from all over the world but I may be since I'm a law of I'm quite pretty and I'm a heard man. I'm a heard man. I'm a high man. I'm a boy sexy than John Edwards. I'm more sexy than John Edwards. I wear clear the eyes socks and this is time. I'm wearing a strong and severe or ankle. Back at the morning is time and so. I'm more sexy than John Edwards. I think he's a liberal and a 38. What does he got on? Yeah. We have a baby face too. I'm on you to write the makin' this kid. I want a four to put him in this kind of morning. My eyes only. I can't. I like him saying. Yeah. All right. I'm more sexy than John Edwards. Would you rather look at mine across the old post for the next four years? I'm a... I'm a besides. He's a liberal. I'm a... I'm a... I'm a... I'm a... I'm a... I'm a... I'm a... Yeah. He's a... I'm a... I'm a... I'm a... I'm a... I'm a... I'm a... Anyway, he's a giant in the... Crook industry. Pick Cheney. You'll see how gigantic when you look at that picture we got on the website. Over its post. We'll get to that in a second. First of all, today, what scares you most about another four years of George W. Bush? Of Supreme Court of Pumets, we need to put that one on your right away. All right. So, Colin Powell, Roland Colmer, sounded a long with three other members of Secretary of Education, Secretary of a Fashism, Secretary of... Doug Jose Vengala resigned. He's busy on new experiments. Let's see. We got some votes on there already. I'm the new poll. Don't forget to pay in court of Pumets, please. 43 votes, loss of freedom is 26. That was my vote. More wars 10, the draft four, and nothing it'll be fine only three. Only three people say, or it'll be this fine. Oh, we're fine. Of course the audience would say, well, the rush crowd would say, those people, new chase them all away and yeah, right. I'm sure we did. Those evangelical Christians that made up the bedrock of your audience. I don't think so. And we have a message on a show by the way. In fact, we ought to play the message every day. Just like thanks for the low gas prices, Mr. President. For all you board again, Christians, you Ava, evangelicals. Don't I, yeah. And believe me, if there is such a place, you'll be the first ones there. You'll be lining the walls there. You'll be flaming as what you'll be doing. But aiming. Right. For the kind of crap that you're pulling out. Just pedares of hate and stupidity, ignorance. That's why those debates didn't make any difference because don't confuse us with issues and the facts. You know, that's not what counts. That's what counts is. This is our boy. Got it? That's what counts. The hour of a congress behind the beat of Curtin today. She was born September 21, 1966. That makes her like 38 in my book. The hour of a congress. The hour of Susan Harrison. Who the hell's that? Are you telling me? I don't know. Her biography is very short. Oh, good movie I saw last night in between watching the papers. Kick buffalo ass. That is. And that was called the dead com. With the cold kidman and the same Elliot. Do you ever see that? I guess that had pretty good flick. All right. And she was nick of the suggestion or a man she was screwing her brains out in that movie. And it wasn't the husband either, but she never any choice. But she was very good in that in the cold kidman. I was never a big Nicole Kidman fan before and you know why? I think it's Tom Cruise's fault. You ruined it. Huh? You ruined it for you? No, no, I think you have to make a choice because the two had such a bitter partying the way He's not that I'm sure they ever did anything anyway, but you had to make a choice. And I wrongly chose him. Would she turn out to be a real piece of crap? I think anybody likes him anymore, do they? Cruise, not he's out. He's definitely yesterday's news and he's nobody in everybody hates him. Like, oh, he's such a hunchback and he's and whatever. Plus the course. That I'm pop of it. You know, a lot of questions about that. Most of we've already answered. But in her case, she was like, I don't know, but it was pretty good movie. The ending is like much too abrupt in Georgia be belly and growl and do you as terrible? But instead of dragging it up forever, just to get it over with. But it's good. All right. Called dead com. It's 86, I believe, was he or something like that? If you get a chance, take a peek at it, take a peek. Anyway, she was in celebrity boxing too, Darva Conger. Rick and Darva, the million dollar mistake, the E. Chu Hollywood star, who wants to Very a multi-millionaire, Doggy Dog, Wikerslank. She was on with Howard Stern, July 18, 2000. And that's it. That's a medley of her. That's her repertoire right there. Now, getting back to Dick Cheney. Here's the article I goes with it. You can click on the picture there. In fact, be careful where you're click. I think the most interesting thing in that picture is not just the package, but I think it's also the The custard guy there who's bringing out the goods for Cheney to sample. Looks like that little girl. She's sustaining a very bizarre position. I'm sure it's just the angle of the camera shot. You know what I'm saying? I'm sure. Yeah. And I'm sure that the little girl's got a good head on her shoulders. It just looks very peculiar and very pornographic and I've seen the whole thing, the idea that Our righteous vice president would add to that. The last one with the Bull Dyke daughter, isn't it? Mary Cheney? Think so? Yeah. Our vice president with the Bull Dyke daughter, this moral values Jack asked for my homing. He's sitting there with a big package exposed. Number one, unless maybe it's just a stunt thing. Maybe it's an Oscar Meyer. And number two, the little girl looks like she's having a hell of a time. And two bad we can't see the big smile on the custard guy's face. I wonder if he's smiling in life. And I wonder if he's aroused. Anyway, his joining vice president, Dictane, he's motorcade in Green Bay, Milwaukee, Journal's Senate, a Sentinel photographer. Oh, I see. I'm not reading this well. Milwaukee, Journal's Sentinel photographer, Dale Golden, hope to capture unique image during another wise scripted campaign, isn't September. Did he ever? It says. Jumping on him off the press buzz. Well, maybe I'll let jump it on and off the buses. What got him whipped up? Oh, I see. Golden says he took dozens of pictures of well orchestrated photo opportunities on a walkie, however, former Green Bay Packers quarterback Bart Star convinced Taney to make an unscathed little stop in Glendale to visit local favorite cops frozen custard according to Times reporter Rick Lyman. Cops frozen custard. Do you know that touch it? Sure. No, we'd never heard of it. I wonder if it's like Abbott's frozen custard in Victor New York. Is that in Victor or Pittsburgh, I'll have to swim across the lake and find out. When Taney ordered a DKF coffee and set him a concrete ledge outside, cops managed your Scott Borken graciously brought him a sample of frozen custard. The guy came all the way from the White House, Borken said he's got he has to try or custard. The normally serious Cheney flashed a winning smile for Borken and golden snacked an attention grabbing photo that would later be chosen for the front page of the paper September 11th Metro section. Golden got a call from a reader the next day who said, did you notice anything unusual about that picture? Upon closer inspection it seemed to vice president smile was not his biggest asset. Is that what we think it is? You're not imagining it golden says that the unintentionally revealing photo. Let's just say the snuggness of Taney's pants left little to the imagination. We're not talking about his waistline either. One journal sent an all reader pointed out the blueprints in email to WKLHFM radio host Dave Luzat Carole Kane and Kevin Brandt who had a hoot talking about it during their popular morning show. How come they can talk about stuff like that and we can't. They don't have they don't have joys in the beeslies destroying their lives. It's nice to have someone that magnitude in the White House branch out. He's big in a White House. He's got a porn career right there, Kane Snicker. Now we know where his unmitigated conference comes from. Luzat Quipped. We've seen the photo what's not hard to notice something so well on the stake of Luzat. And you can see it right on their new Rogers dot com which we're revamping our whole website starring Dave and Eric doesn't know it yet. We will and we are. Right Josh right. Yeah and it was Miguel's idea and we go find something good even though he's lazy as he said I want to do those best of so the dogs don't have to die. Go on and expect that he took between 100 photos that day with a digital camera chose six to eight images for possible publication. It didn't notice anything on the cops didn't because Cheney sat in the shadows. Incredibly it does not so ended or saw the photo before publication and nobody raised the wave flag. Well maybe they weren't looking at the vice president's crotch is that possible? While such a portrait of the VPS clearly inappropriate it's also a harmless mistake and could be seen as rather there we say flattering. Just ask WKLH's cane who dug through her recycling to find the photo. It's like a scud missile for kind of crying out loud she said. Want to see the picture for yourself? We'll take a look at it on our website. As a matter of fact the newspapers taking off their website. Me and my Mark Hoffman deputy photo editor suggested we try the papers photo cell service don't it's not on there either. The photo is not for sale but you can get it free on theorages.com along with a bunch of news stories that nobody wants to read. We're changing the way that's going to be laid out. We're going to lay it out in a way that will be more conducive instead of just letting people read half of the story in a paragraph and then I click it into the whole story. That's what's going on man. Right? Right? Even McGell noticed that who's too lazy to do a best of campaign so there's dogs don't have to starve to death and be put to death. Twenty and after 11 at five 60 WKMNO IRS tax problems have way of destroying your life. They take it till on you financially physically and emotionally. You can never really forget about those IRS problems when you wake up in a cold sweat every morning. This probably what's foremost on your mind or maybe the price president's crotch. CPA Jimmy buck walled in the buck wall tax criminal help end your IRS problems forever and give you back piece of mind. That's why other top CPA and law firms are further clients to the buck wall tax from when they've got problems with the old IRS. Why not avoid potential criminal prosecution? Get all on five tax returns prepared even if you lost all your records. Now suppose you have an IRS lien. The wage's levy. Operial taxes and penalties. Maybe you'd like to settle for thousands less than the old makes sense to me or need time to pay whatever you're deal. The buck wall tax firm can help. They offer you a free no obligation initial consultation. Affordable guaranteed fees and immediate relief from IRS harassment. Invest about you never even have to meet with the IRS. The buck wall tax from handles all those pain in the ass meetings and discussions. You even have to show up. Call in today with the O10 grand or a million rating in between an IRS taxis. The buck wall tax firm will help you out. Call it nine five four five seven five five five five five five five five five five five five five. Twenty eight hundred. That's nine five four five seven five twenty eight hundred. Come today for your free consultation or visit them on the web at IRS Freedom.com and Stop sweating over what the IRS is going to knock down that front door nine five four five seven five twenty hundred and get that monkey off your back. You're listening to me. You're a loser. Exclusively. Five six. Five six. Three. Three. And. Sock it in and hold it. Bring this weekend now that Bill Riley's career as an old man is on the skids come on by and check out his new venture. It's below Riley's pleasure spin zone. I've always wanted to drink wine so fast to click it with being introduced intravenously. You can get that in so many other devices of special pleasure and bill store like the. The. And of course the ever popular. That people love to name I call mine Mr. Newsman. Bill's got products so hot. We can't even say them on the radio. In fact, he's probably got a lot of stuff that should never be recorded anywhere. Wow. That isn't appropriate. Stop by below Riley's pleasure spin zone today and get a coupon good for one free filuffle rub. Plus with every purchase of her fifty dollars. You'll get a free thank you phone call from Bill himself. Wow. Wow. Hey. Uh. It's Bill Riley. Baby. You're what go. Wow. Uh. Hello. I was going to see. Thanks for shopping in my store. And you go. Wow. What you wearing, baby. I had to go. No wait. Don't think I've to go. Bye. I know your boss. Phil O'Reilly's pleasure spin zone putting the. Oh. In O'Reilly. I'm just playing that because I enjoy hearing. I like that one. I'm there to play some of the other ones. But that would be a lie. Are we dependable? No. That's a joke. Right? Right. The productivity. Okay. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I say this is because the internet is just loaded. Wastery journal. I think you'll be. I mean, everybody look more stories about Stern threatening and negotiating. He's going to get out. And one of what happens with that again. We're just kind of like steps. I'll run here. And that's all we are. We're steps. I'll run into a show that's going off the air any day. That's a beautiful thing, Greg. Another fine pickle you got us into. Speak in the chanies and scratch. Another fine pickle. You may be. With Howard Stern absent from a show Friday morning. A best of was in its place. The Wastery journal speculated that the reason for Stern's on air verbal assaults to his current employer in PINITY broadcasting last week. STEM from his learning that parent company via com and withdrawed its financial support from Mr. Stern's legal fight against clear channel communications, which dropped his show earlier in the year after the FCC began to crack down on in decent broadcasts. The journal goes on to say that people close to infinity say that because Mr. Stern was secretly negotiating with serious. While elisting the support of infinity's legal team in his suit against clear channel and finitly no longer feels compelled to back him and further that Mr. Stern's negotiating the out of his contract with infinity so he can join serious earlier than the 2006 day currently planned. And of course here we are like I said steps. Children to the outcome of these ongoing negotiations. And well, maybe you'll be on a 1040 and maybe you'll be on a 1055 like today. And maybe you'll be on a 1006 to me or whatever. And like Tom Jicker wrote a couple of weeks ago and I should have jumped right on this but I've been too but too weak and too I just roll over and play dead on this whole thing you know it. That's a bunch of crap this is unacceptable is what it is totally unacceptable. Nonsense talk about jerk in the audience around their jerk in the girken is what they're doing matter jerk in a whole audience around. And is there any doubt about it? No, they're trying to keep us on our toes. And keep the audience on their toes. Well how did you do that? And then this business I guess we're supposed to be promoting. Oh next week we'll be on a 1008 because turns out vacation is best after although my P1005 and maybe 1015 and we don't know. Only a crazy person would enter at my case schedule like that. Only somebody needs mental help. Somebody ought to be in a straight jacket somewhere. And we need some intervention and in the meantime the intervener the guy that could be protecting all of us from this. He's busy ordering pizza burgers and checkers. I have two pizza burgers and two cogs one for the drinking and one for the runaway. Yeah right give me a fricking break already will you? Man. I think too much monkey business when I'm runaway is this that's affecting people's brain after a while. You know, too much bad weed. And definitely too many artery clogging pizza burgers it just just chokes up your the blood came out of the brain where the brain used to be. And here I sit like in limbo doing limbo rock. Then I'm sure steering must have he must have addressed this this morning but of course we don't listen to We show so I have no idea but I'm getting tired of it. I'm going to really sick of a whole deal with him. No I actually listen to a little bit this morning and he was in that you know. You listen to the steering show this morning? I was you know like what's going to do? Oh my God. Usually don't. But no but he was just saying that oh he has no idea if he's going to get bought out he's just going with the flow. And you know, which obviously you know I can't really believe that he has no idea what's going on. Well not only that but what really what robs me the wrong way and I'm usually for the talent and the you know the corporations must have sucked. But the idea infinity knowing the history of steering and that company they have backed him and paid millions of dollars on it. Fcc finds even though of course he's made the many millions more but the fact is they backed him a thousand percent. Well that's what he said he said you know I can't see myself leaving early because I make this company a lot of money. So I wouldn't see why they would. No but it's not just because they make it the you're missing my point the fact is that they backed him 10,000 percent. And he goes behind their back and negotiate with serious this summer while they're helping them. They're they're they're you know helping with the suit against clear channel which is why they'd be all about. They said well you're looking to stab us into back and bail out without us knowing about it. And you want us to help you out with your well screw you. You know is what they said. So it's a very ugly situation that could implode or explode at any time and who knows how many bucks series is going to come up with a very serious about finding out. And what do we do then sports fans huh. I mean we've been left in a limbo man and I'm the only one that's screaming in the out about it because all these other people are too worried about the stupid sports crap about not offending the dolphins. Which will get to that very jackass story about when it's embarrassing but not unusual. It's typical. That's why when we had that silly ass day once that press conference we could go they closed the pot. Couldn't even smoke it anymore they closed the pot because God forbid we should hear those funny things that Neil's going to drop in there to make fun of day once then the organization during their time of grief and need in the service. And we can't make a joke at that. No God forbid that it's a joke that they're one and eight last time I look over your paper to huh? Nobody else is making a joke last time I looked at paper to eight and one of the dolphins are one and eight sounds like the same numbers just kind of like turn back backwards to me. That's all it is maybe it's not a rectum problem. Because as far as I'm concerned the speelmeister and the coach the both of them. Braccomt. Hell. It damn they're killing them. There you go. See he's got his thumb on and he knows what happened. Oh no. The coach is a wonderful coach and he resigned of course he didn't get fired. Guess what? There isn't a Chinaman's chance in hell that Mr. Rates didn't fire his ass okay. But who cares about that? Patriots kick buffalo. You should have seen it was really funny because in the buffalo sports cast and in the news papers even the Toronto newspapers leading up the last night's game. Just because buffalo had an abre and of course the jet's lose their opinion can's injured and the jet's not lose every week like yesterday to blew it again to Baltimore. And oh yeah the buffalo picked me last week. They're on the way now. The bills are going together and they kept talking to the telecast about how they were blood so and a whole team were so positive if they ever went into a game confidently they were going to win. And of course the Patriots never even took out a second gear. I mean it's just the cruise control the entire human just crushed them like stepping on a cockroach. Step it on an ant. Right. Right. Did you watch any of it? I did. No. No. All contendry may be braiding a crew that were just like a Corey Dillon. 150 yards plus for Corey Dillon man. And you see now we're dangerous. Now that we actually got a running game. We. That's we the Patriots. The World Champion Patriots say is we. I think you're going to have some problems with what? With your defense. Your defense backs are injured. That's going to catch up. Yeah. I don't mean forget when we come back. I'm going to get this internet the website thing I'll straighten. We got a lot of business to take care of here. They including. Jingles. Lots of them. Yeah. It's a little bit. Oh. Yeah. It's a little bit. Oh. Yeah. Yeah. It's a look at 18 to noon already. Are expecting guests as Thanksgiving. It's not the turkey that makes the meals special. It's the people around to reach its own. Making sure you're ghastly. This is comfortably as you do by calling dial-emactors at 1-800-Mafers. Whether they plan weeks in advance to show up or they just come knocking on your door with no warning. You can get in just the right mattress on the very same day they show up because now. When you call 1-800-Mafers, you'll save an additional 20% on select models while supplies last. And we're still talking the top names in the business. Seely, sir, to Simmons King Kuals, Stearns and Foster, you would temper pedic too. When you call 1-800-Mafers, you'll get same date delivery, like I said. And you still pick the date and time for delivery any two hour window that fits your schedule when you want. Dial-emactors continues to be mighty proud and why not of their 99.7 on-time record. They're ranked number one of the world in customer satisfaction. It's been a week or two thousand and four better business bureau local Torx of Excellence Award. I've been using dial-emactors for years. All the other folks at the station are using them too because, why waste time money and gas luck into your betting and department stores helping pay their big overhead when you get the best deal on a great night's sleep for years to come by making one easy call. 1-800-Mafers or online at smacres.com 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S SORSE-T-N-U-R-U-R-S Exclusively 1-800-Mafers Follow blows and soda the bill OO The 3-800-Mafers My amy has the dolphins there the worst football team. They club the ball from goal to goal like no one's ever seen. They're on the ground that's where they'll stay. They're never in control. And when you stay my amy, you're talking toilet holders there. The I amy dolphins I amy dolphins I amy dolphins number I'my teens and the week 30-Joo I amy dolphins I amy dolphins Don't bet on them you'll always lose. They don't know how to tackle They don't know how to block Their coaches ought to tell them to put their day in their jacket. They would run much faster and even in the feet. When we go to the stadium we'll see my amy. And they're the I amy dolphins I amy dolphins I amy dolphins number I'my teens and the week 30-Joo I amy dolphins I amy dolphins I amy dolphins number How many teens and the week I'my dolphins I amy dolphins I amy dolphins I hear the crowd begin to bloom The dolphins have free feedler That quarter packs a tube Run down the field and he will grow up past over you Oh, I'll never win A super bowl you shouldn't be some amy dolphins I amy dolphins My amy dolphins number I want the help 32 My amy dolphins My amy dolphins My amy dolphins Now there's room I'm going on the hands Speak to that Oh, don't forget I haven't put them on I have a little bit of an oven You're not even giving me cramp about him ago About what not? About the QM van About that big thing Oh, he belongs in one Like National Ampoon Don't forget Dead Com With Nicole Kibben and Sam Elliott Not too bad I've got the curly hair in that movie It's pretty good You didn't join? No actually he wouldn't like he didn't like Magnaud You didn't like good movies I don't know Magnaud Speak to that You didn't see that Then what's the one that you didn't like I know it was recon for a dream You're lying You just trying to say face up I'll tell you it was a hated that movie You said you didn't understand it Dolphins report with the cause there was nothing about Cuba in there Well maybe eventually they got on a slow boat Maybe that's where what's his name on top? It's your right leader Maybe he won't have in Cuba They got some good crap there It sounded like a way to Jamaica Dolphins report with maybe a reaches a critical point Robbery Jackass and the Harold on Saturday And boy you talk about uptight now the site They're always like real thin skin You know with the Annafels got the red skin But they also got the thin skin Which is the organization They would have been a good pole Some day first of all we had any hockey fans But we don't And if there was any I have hockey going on which there's not Which is the which local sports organizations the most uptight not a site Is it the Marlin organization? Don't forget about hang six weeks suspension now For tell the truth story Is it the dolphin organization which varies that a whole thing Or which we'll get to or is it the Panther organization Well with those some other be days right after I first came to Cuba and man The BM show they were in a morning and Chris Moran had to come in to To take the calls and intercept and be immediately because the Panthers were still going to join out And made a bunch of horrible trades and so we had to protect the the spokesman Dolphins report with media reaches a critical part rights miss Jackass on Saturday Says it transmade the dolphin's made it transferred attempt to soften criticism When Dave once that enriched Spielman invited local columnists to an author record meeting at a Davey country club last March It didn't work In recent months it often has been criticized more than ever and justifiably so you go Barry Easy and nice baloney sandwich right Now Barry on whitebread But to franchise the sensitivity remains high all of the dolphins insist they don't try to muscle criticism The team has had issues with several media members for various reasons ranging from honor criticism To how WQMs color commented it travels to games consider If I you coast on struck was weekly show on 790 ESPN radio received a call from Harvey Green Not from Pudge Brown, but Harvey Green not from old mellow yellow, but Harvey Green the dolphin vice president Media relations after the hero ran stocks comments criticizing the team a few weeks ago I was disappointed I thought some of his comments were unfair to coach one stick Green said who of course later got fired Strock said he wasn't surprised Green called didn't seem upset about it Strock isn't the only ex dolphin received feedback to criticism I'll have talks with certain guys who will disagree with things I say a Joe Rose said they'll say I heard you said so and so I'm sure they don't want former guys ripping them, but I don't get paid better off So in other words little dog he's gonna say whatever he wants you go Joe we wish you badly by the way Joe Oh boy, we had the world by the tail end until somebody we know came along and screwed it all up Once that called at least three local comments in the past several months to question facts in opinion pieces One of those comments said if we see calls from wants that Spielman and Green after writing comments that weren't completely favorable This business is trying to intimidate the media man makes me sick makes me want a pub I hate organizations like that one more reason not to be a dolphin By the way, did you see the papers kick fast last night twine on to six? There have been a few issues with employees of fact shift station WQM dating the last December when played by playing out Sir Howard David Can fade a broadcast report about Randi Mueller possibly becoming general manager Green said he subsequently asked David to run rumors pastas before going with them Ah In other words they have to like they have to approve it upfront before you go on here with Annning And here's the best part Amal is Jim Mades me while it was taken back when Green informed of me can no longer travel on the players bus from the hotel to the stadium for road jams It was a distraction that players getting rated to play Green said Mummets who noted to be in lot on the bus for a year said, I was told players were uncomfortable with me on the buses which I said, fine, I don't want to be where I'm not wanted. My personal feeling is we were all in six of the time people get twitchy, was managed surprised, I'm way past the surprise party said. Green and sister decision as nothing do it manages criticism of the team on the broadcast, which were to tell them the hairlust and two weeks before it was thrown off the bus. Green said, manages allowed her by the team's media bus, but made it declined. Meanwhile, WQMs Big O, Orlando Alsaquiri recently brought tapes to Green after a player completely heard a pregame host say that often were practicing fake puns. Alsaquiri denied him made the comments and it takes vindicated him. That often then resumed allowing reporters to watch the special teams part of practice. Well, you talk about paranoid and uptight. Man, oh, man, he's sure it's a you guys suck, okay? The team blows. There were an embarrassment. There were disgrace and in stock, Scott and Wants that's got the balls to say, well, part of the problem was the dilemma about the two quarter max situation. You know, we got touchy feeling. We already had feeling. Problem is they both suck. That's the problem. Dave. And by the way, you're not fooling anybody on this show. We all know you got fired at it. You didn't resign in step aside. You got fired. If I are a d d d d d d d d. Right? No doubt about it. No question about it. You see that even Josh ordinarily minds his piece in Q's because he didn't want to get candid. Even he opened an email. He don't carry. He'll tell you right now. We got fired. Dave wants that. Got fired. Hey, by the way, just like down Shula, yes, something. We have put the stories on top on the website now. Well, that's only part of it. See, I haven't even gotten to the end. It's already noon. See, I've time to slip it away now that we have to so horse ball half of the show that we think this is not going to fly anymore. I'm going to bet for the audience. Okay. Sure. It's easy to be lazy and say, well, it's more fun. You know, we joke about to only do three hours. Yeah. That's crap. This show is on from ten to two period. Okay. The fact that you sold a house to two people on the same house. That's your problem, Greg. This show is on ten to two period. In fact, I think starting tomorrow, we're going to start to show it ten. They want to put it on fine. If not, you'll dismiss the first however long it's going to be. This business coming out of different time every day is totally unacceptable. Scarbage is what it is. It's stupid. Especially when we're being preempted by a show where the host is telling every day, any day could be the last, you know? Every day he ends like, well, if we're here tomorrow, I'll just other crap. Well, that's that's really sweet, isn't it? Now, what was I just saying before you interrupt the mail about the website? Not only do we want to move the stories to the top, but we want just the headline. You see, I hate to break the news to you because I know it was your brainstorming. I know it looks fine. But if I talk to him about that and he says that he thinks he should leave. I don't care what he thinks. All right. I don't care what he thinks when he starts saying he thinks that's an oxymoron, the idea of Eric is thinking, okay? He thinks he eats. He eats. He don't think. Okay? He thinks what? Well, what do you say? No, he's saying that a lot of the time. I don't want to hear it. Okay. It's 1158 and five. I don't care what he thinks. The headline, if it's good enough for Yahoo, it's good enough for everybody in the world. But no, we got to give like the whole paragraph. So the people are lazy, Eric, they're not going to read the rest of the story. They're not going to click on the link and read it because you're giving them half the star. It's like you're giving the goods right there. It's like it's like going to a movie and they're giving the ending in the first two minutes and everybody gets up and walks out, right? No good. Too much still known, a QM. If you want to know about about the following a low carb diet, if you want the best tasting biggest lesson of low carb foods at the best price, then head forward the lights of West Boca. Whether you're starting or restarting the Atkins, the sugarbusters athlete or any low carb sugar free diet, the lights of West Boca has always been the number one low carb store in town. Now, of course, they got some meat and cheese and about half of a shelf full of stuff in your supermarket, which is fine. But if you want some things with some variety and taste, you're going to love the lights because that's the biggest problem when you follow those low carb diets. It gets boring. No matter how great it sounds, you know, with meat and lobster and cheese and more meat and cheese and lobster and eggs, you're going to have some variety and some taste. At the lights you'll find over 1200 products in stock like carbohydrate ice cream, bread, pasta, chocolates, brownies, cookies and lots more all low carb all year, do you and your low carb diet? The lights is open every day, seven days away from 10 to 10. The people of work, they're no in the low carb dieting inside and out. And you'll find the lights on the northeast corner of Glades and 441 right next to Boston Market. You can call them toll free, 1-877 low carb, L-O-W-C-A-R-B, or run away with slow carb.com. There's only one, but what a great story it is. It's the lights of West Boca, your official Atkins retail center. You're listening to me, you're a runcher! You're listening to the music, you're on the plastic, you're on the Q-A-M. This is Dick Kiny. I like to relax by having very Magdalene massage my balls while listening to the new writers welcome on our boobin' Kiny. If you can't get enough CSI, you need to get the sounds of CSI. The only album with actual sound effects from the show, like this slow liquid drip of putrefying organ. And the squishy munching of squirming maggots, carging on human plants. But like there's more, the sounds of CSI also features the sharp sitting crack of splittering bone as a fullet, much as a hole in that human skull. And the low heavy foam of a little level of land, exploding out the back of the head in a slow motion spatter of bone, blades, and blood. If it's seat, length, bleak, and spray spews, because your dribble's arousest, you'll hear it on the sounds of CSI. 328 votes on at Paul's big-ness CSI, CBS Park producer, broke into CSI. 4. That air-fat death announcement air-fat, you know, this air-fat's brother just died the yesterday again. The air-farts are down all over the place. 3. I'm dying on the head. He died again. Well, they all have to die like several times just to make sure. He had been 28 votes. What scares you most about another four years in George's WVV and by the election was definitely stolen. Lost the freedom's 116. You already lost your freedom to vote, because your vote don't count. Lost it's the right way, the far right way. Supreme Court appointments 101, which occurs ties in with the first one. More wars, 60. Nothing it'll be fine. Look at how many people voted for that. But 30, man. That's your old dirty, be proud 9% of the audience say it'll be just fine. And the draft 21. CBS Park producer broke into CSI. The news report came during last five minutes of the forensics misreelast Wednesday about air-farts death prompting viewer complaints and leading CBS repeat the show on Friday. The producer responsible ignored network policy to contact the senior executive before interrupting a rarely scheduled program for news report. I mean, if we're going to watch CSI and New York who the hell cares about the SRM afar, right? What's wrong with you people? Especially when we got breaking news about Scott and Lacey Prec and Peterson, just because the election was stolen. Just because CNN has hyperventilating about Scott Peterson for hours and hours and hours. Also with the air-fart reportedly near death for several days CBS had left explicit instruction property with that event. We're going to crawl at the bottom of the screen. Run a crawl. It was a full-gun conclusion. Was it? Now, what were you just saying about Eric was trying to give us some of the dance about our website and about his, uh, he, what's his take? He, uh, he basically said to me. Oh, military statements said yesterday, 38 US troops killed and 275 wounded so far in the Fallujah operation. Meanwhile, Mosul has told a lot of control and they're like, uh, the city of Fallujah is totally leveled. I mean, people who are going to try to come back to their homes are going to find nothing but rubble in their like dead bodies in the streets. They have no estimate of civilians killed or wounded because it would be too embarrassing. It's called emancipation by elimination, baby. We're going to come and kill you and then you'll be free from all of those stories. Now, what were you saying? The website was great. Now, what were you saying that Eric was trying to give you a song of dance? Come on, you can go over here. Basically, he's saying that people don't always read the article just by looking at the title and most of the sites around how the least a paragraph. No, they don't like like one, give me one site that's got least a paragraph. The name me one. Well, I mean, to, to what he said, he said, everyone he can including sports and news sites all at least have a little, does Yahoo have that, does Hot mail have that, does Liz Samuels have that, does Miss Fudge have that, does the registry torn out? No. No. I'll smirking, Tim has got that. We use a lot of their stories. They're great, but we don't need to put the whole story on. I'm telling you more people will read it. Well, in fact, I'm smirking, Tim, the whole story is there. Pretty much. In addition to which our, obviously, our website is primarily of much greater interest to people want to see naked pictures movies and funny stuff like Dick Cheney's a package and whatever all in Jim Rome getting whack by Jim don't call me Betsy ever, Chrissy, whatever it is. They want to see that. Because now that he alerted me, the fact that we can, I never knew this and those stats. So you can see how many people are reading what and looking at what and the squeeze and what, you can see that on there. Well, if you, I told you before to show on Othby Pressing, because there's a lot of work that goes in that all the way around, but very few people bring those articles. So here's an attempt by me to see if it is worthwhile or not. And don't call in here, I give you a song. If you stop putting those news stories on there, you know what would be to be because nobody's reading them. Okay? I mean, part of the problem for that being that they just read the one paragraph that we put on there gratuitously freely. And then after that, it's like a newspaper, even people that read a newspaper, how many of them are left in America? I'm turning away. They read the headlines. Or maybe they read the first sentences. So, and that's it. See what I'm saying? See what you're saying? It is the truth. That is the freaking truth. And if you wanted to take a survey among people who read newspapers, you find they read the front page of the front section. And they read the headlines that they make glance at the first sentence or two or paragraph or two of the series on the front page. They'll do the same in the local news section. And then they'll go and read the whole sports section from front to back. So what I do? Pretty much. Yeah. Well, why don't I not? Got all this hockey news for crying out loud? And don't you dare call here and ask me any questions about hockey? Okay? Forget about it. It's done. Finished. They destroyed the game. They've runed a bunch of greedy back to it's all the way around. See, it's kind of hard for people who are making like, you know, 50 grand a year, 40 grand a year. Kind of hard for them to relate to some schmuck was making 1.8 million years, thinks he's getting an update enough. Who doesn't want to get like a little bit back? Well, I think everybody generally just set up with a whole deal. How many QA and hello? What kind of a phone are you on? Jimmy got like two or wires tied together there. What? Not a lot. I got the top of the one. Not a finger at the phone. Yeah. What we love our friends at Sing Your Wireless. You just must have got a bad phone. 560, 0560, pound 560, only. Horizon and Singular. Sounds like he had like a can of Campbell Soup and two strings attached to it. Yeah. You can almost hear a Reggie white's mama in there, you know? 30 QA and hello. Yeah. A very important. Where's George? George? George. How many cases did I write you, Misson? Yeah, I want to go. Five six seven. 0560, pound 560, I need a rise in Singular Wireless line. This is tremendous man. This is beautiful. WQA and hello. You winder. WQA and hello. Same ones from Friday. Yes, or left over. Yes. What's that? Go ahead sir. Speak to me. Come on. Don't worry about these other people. Let's get to your stuff. Hey, listen. I don't find no how much for three could help. Lucky man. Okay. WQA and hello. Hey, Neil. Yes sir. All right. Um, hey, one thing I learned with this election man is that I won't go for the guy because I hate the other one. I should have won with neither. At least my vote would have counted. Yeah, that's right. That would have been good. Yeah. Should what would neither? Another genius. They're all coming out today, baby. I'll depress because they've once that resigned. WQA and hello. Yes, Neil. I'm one of those 30 people. It's still read a newspaper. I find it's still one of life's great enjoyment. Rather than the human being. Who made you ever read a newspaper to read in South Florida? Well, that's one of the big problems. I think that's been to your times and then I get one of the local rare. If you want to read a real newspaper, you have to go on the internet. What? You're true. But I guess I get the time to live there. Yeah, you just search the internet. So, but the fact is sitting now with a cup of coffee or whatever else and going through the paper reading all the little articles that don't make the internet with the main news, I still enjoy the local part of my day. Yeah. And, you know, I've got this at one of the probably one of the few 30s of do that. But many newspapers did have been good over the years of collapse and you could pile those up. And everybody. Because people are read newspapers because America's a bunch of morons, okay? Because it's uneducated, illiterate idiots who are busy with Jesus. Jesus, they showed the pictures of those people in those churches, man. I want to run. It's scary. And they got their arms up in the air and they're like, got the tears. Yeah. Oh, yeah. I mean, you talk about the hypnotized masses. And if there's 100 million of these people in America today, thank God, I'm across the border, Ray. It's all I can tell you. Good luck to you. I'll send you a care package. I'll say the rubber raft and float across Lake Ontario. Man, oh, man, 100, many of these. Like that. And you wonder why this slaughter in this butcher we go on and people all are supposed to be concerned about is Scott and Frick and Lacey Peterson, who gives a flying crap about that? Does anybody care about that about him or did they fry his ass or not? They must because it was nonstop over the weekend. They still don't care. Don't you understand? This again is the media trying to tell you what you're supposed to care about. Because they've they have milked this. They're so desperate for OJ Part Two, man. They just die in for sensational. I mean, who cares about him? Was he famous? Was he famous? Was the baby famous? No, Mark Erdogos. He's famous. And of course he blew another big one. Like he's so famous for doing. And wasn't even there for the verdict being read. He was busy in LA on some of the air right. They all ripped him an ass on that. Anybody, anybody looks like that? Just like a rumor. With that kind of like old sneaky kind of looking mustache like that. Don't ever trust anybody looks like that. 1213 at 5.60 WQA. I'm when you shout for quality footwear. There's a story you are absolutely gonna love that been going strong for years and years in the same great location. And of course beyond the shed of what do we're talking about Brande's in Pompeo Beach. You'll find the biggest selection of great name brand men's and women's shoes. You'll find people that take good personal carry to make sure you get a perfect fit every time. And whatever brands you love, they got them. They got the top names in the shoe business. No off-brands. They got rock ports. For a shime, SAS, Spirry, Timberl naturalize and all the other top brands too. Brande's is open daily 9 till 9 Monday through Saturday and every Sunday 10 to 5 and you'll find them at 12 night north at World Highway in Paparote Beach. And all this weekend, Brande's it's an even better time than usual to buy those great new balance shoes. Come in for great savings at all men's and women styles this week or visit on the web at Brande's shoes.com. You're welcome. Come on Tina 5, 50 WCM. Mad Dog at 2, he'll tell you all about that team bus and about the press bus and about all my cramp. Hank Goldberg at 4th of the Humper. You got Kelly at Smokey Bones in Volker tonight. All of these days. Come on. 7-10. What? Well says Volca my schedule here. They can't even get this right. You know? They can't get anything right. Smokey Bones in Plantation. See. Well, how do you like that? So go see a Kelly say bye bye, Kelly's been nice known it. He'll be at 7-10, dedicated 10 o'clock. That's our schedule. No ball games. No hockey games. No basketball games because we don't got to heat. Now get back to that website. I know this Georgia's favorite website. CapitalHillBlood.com which I love. They do have like a sentence. The beginning of each store. Like a sentence maybe two. But not like half of the store down there. Like we were doing all that time. Well by the way, it's fixed. Okay, just relax now. This is not like the end of the world. I know Eric it's very hyper. It's a work of love. We understand that. Put a lot of work in that. We appreciate it very, very much. We appreciate having Roamie in the homey and Chrissy Everton there. That's great. And we like Chinese package being on every meta with that little girl who's doing goddally knows what to get her custard. That's not where the custard comes out of honey. 421 votes on the poll. What worries you most about four more years of George W. Bush in a second stool in the lesson? I'll tell you what thing you'll go down maybe not the best American president possibly the worst. But certainly the only one who served what to get an office twice. I don't know how long he's going to serve. We got an office twice and it was never elected either time. That's unique. Laws are free in 151 Supreme Court of Pumets 1.29. More wars 75. Nothing will be just fine. 41. 9.7% the draft 25. WQM line 9. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. I was listening to that. What's that channel to program Washington Journal or something? Yeah. Yeah. Somebody called in on the Neil and Nazi line and said that they were asking people why they voted for Bush and didn't. Things like that. He said, well I voted for Bush and he started giving the old usual party line and this and that and they said, well why didn't you vote for Kerry and he said well obviously he's a Catholic. Oh that's a good reason. That made sense to be you know right it makes sense to be an sense in anything else. The fact that these people 70% of the stuff think the same was hooked up with 9 11 and everything. Yeah. I don't know whether they really believe that they're just just the same that so they haven't excused because what it's all about is you know, Carl. So in the Republican Party, right, that would be a good chunk of the two you bet you got a man. Love your fight. See you at the border, paly. 567560 come on. Let's hear about that website. Let's hear about what it is that draws you in there that sucks you in. Because we get I mean yeah look you can leave a horse to water but you can't make him drink and when I look at some of those stories good like 20 people reading him a whole bunch of them for example. Like over the weekend what's the point is it really worth that much effort for like 20 people to read it? Would you print a newspaper of 20 people we're going to read it? Of course not. So I'm just trying to goose it up a little bit so her can make a few thousand and I retired pretty soon for at least go on and buy several more lunches every day. W2QAM hello. Neo. Yes sir. How did you check 60 minutes outside? Did not do it now. They had the guy on that was in charge of the 10 line file from the Gico he was out for the CIA. Well you know something that's great that they do it a week and a half after the election isn't it? Just like CNN do all these exposés again about the religious nuts in America which they've shown that 45 times and also doing the big thing about the cooking house of South and the Saudi world family even it was a week show But they do that all after the election is over after the horses out of the barn. I know I know it they're doing it. I'm for I'm coming friend who's the action I'm friend of mine but a guy is that you listen to always talking about post every day. I told him to put it on and he said well it's okay if he's been lying drops and the good bomb on us wrongs on to have it so don't worry about it. Yeah. Can I see it the more okay Pally we're waiting for we got a uh a welcome party we put up the welcome map we're all it out and if you know really like it you can do a little curling on it too while you're at it. W2QAM hello. There you go. Now we got just a little tried for a couple days and we'll see we can get the stats on here we'll see if other people are gonna read these stories or not probably just out of spite they won't. Well I don't know what that mean. All over Explosive that should get some interest. That's about about Cheney man. That's about your vice president who's got uh whatever that's hanging it. Who knows what the hell that is okay. Maybe it's like a prosthesis for all we know. Maybe it's maybe that's what connects to his pacemaker. Never could that could be the battery pack for all we know. W2QAM hello. Yeah sir. Good morning how are you? Okay you're having to know. Regarding your poll I think one of the scariest things about this president is the fact that I don't remember his first press conference for Ohio. Yeah. And I think that if they do that and they haven't enough I don't know prove because I don't think these people are smarter than they stole it in day and day like again like they did in 2000 that they would try like they would leave a trail Corridor you can't leave a trail where there's no paper trail that's the point that that's why I can floor that I talked to so many people who said they pressed carry and it can't carry I'm bush for two or three times until finally they hoped or thought they changed their boba who knows who knows what that was required. I never heard from anybody or about anybody who said they voted for the punch bush and it came up carry nobody. Well let's hope they let's go. Well good. Maybe maybe the president can lead a fight for democracy in America again okay he's bringing democracy to a rack maybe he can bring it back to America. Huh yeah remember those days when we actually have free honest elections or at least somewhat honest or at least more creative ways to steal him. I mean this one right again stolen right there and where the hell is the media again? All these stories about die bold of the college kids that hacked in their computers all of the stuff weeks and weeks and months before the election they weren't talking about any of that all once in a while you get a little piece on 60 minutes 20 20 that's it. So there's a busy talking about cocky like scott and lacy Peterson and about operation polluted blood bath and I wonder if there's now the city of how easy it was to go through it. Yeah it was really easy just like it was easy go to rack in the first place. But everybody bailing out running for the hills. Of course did they get the terrorist they were looking for? Did they get ours or how? No. Did they get mobile all more? Forget about Osano and got squad. We know a lot of dead bodies and blood bath and butchery and rubble and body parts in the streets. That's what we've got and you're a media continue to reporting this like a wasom glorious wonderful thing. Oh you can't say that because it's all like you're criticizing the troops. Nobody's criticizing the troops. They're just doing what they're going to be ordered to do. That's all. And the idea that over 50% of public is willing to sit back in the name of God and the name of religion promote this butchery and support it and of course that's what's gone on throughout history and the name religion forever ever since there's been these any other religions. Kill the enemy, kill the infidels. That's what the Muslims say kill the infidels. That makes the bad guys. These crazy goyams say kill the infidels. Oh well that's you know we're killing them for Christ. That's God's way. There you go. It's God's way and if those Iraqis just wouldn't have attacked us in the first place in 9-11 maybe we might have a few of them still alive. Oh and by the way they're saying now forget about those elections in January and got a Chinaman's chance. 29 past noon at 5, 60 WQM if your carpets are really a nightmare. They look like they have no Chinaman's chance of being saved because they're so dirty. Before you go out and spend a fortune on brand new carpeting for your entire home. Do yourself a big favor. Call of people I've been using in my homes for over 20 years now drive concepts because they're the best in the universe even they came to IOD. Remember WOD? Hey, hey, hey, back in the day. That's seriously. We had a building that was about 7,000 years old and they came in there and they were sponsored. I'd been on for years and years with me but they came in there and they cleaned the downstairs carpeting there. They had been cleaned in about how many years? I'm good man. And you couldn't believe it. When I finished it, it looked like they had brand new lead. Right there in the floor and believe me, IOD there was a lot of get laid on the floor. So, and not only that but you don't have to worry about scams and additions to the price when they finished the job because it dry concepts. Not only do they do an unbeatable superior job like nobody else in the world but they give you a written guaranteed price up front before they start doing the job. When they finished your carpets look just like brand new, they smell them any fresh. They dry into a couple of hours. So it's really not just a slogan. It's a for real that you can't clean today and entertain the night when you use our friends and dry concepts. Whether it's your carpeting, your furniture, your draper, your expensive oriental area runs, believe you me. These are the people you want to call. And they brought in Palm Beach, you can call them toll free, 1-800-248-5071. That's 1-800-248-5071, dry concepts making carpets clean in soft florescence 1979. You are listening to real rangers. It's grossly. It's how it's how it's spam. How's your economy doing anything more about him? Anything new about Ali on? Nothing. All of these things that the media gets everybody including you by the way speaking of Ali on whipped up into a fryer. Yeah, bring him back. I mean, the election has been stolen again. That's old news. We got Roland Cole and Paul resigned today. Plus, a bunch of other members of the cabinet are stepped on. Let's see, five, no, four, six members of the cabinet already have departed because this press and it needs a wartime console area. Now that he's going to like completely disembowl the Bill of Rights and the Constitution, we can't have any and be a panty guy's in there. That's why they clean out the CIA. Anybody who even looked at them cross-eyed forget about it. You're out. Now they're doing the, the pooch. Whatever to hell that was. Five, six, seven, oh five, sixty pound, five, sixty and he Verizon and singular miles line. Don't forget to mark. We started ten. See, the problem with that is we could stream the first hour, but they won't, they won't do it. Now there is we have no control over that. See what I'm saying? Yeah. Because aren't they streaming what's on the air? They're not streaming pre-delay, right? Although we don't stream Howard. So, I mean, it's possible. What? Yeah. Do we stream it? Do we stream it? Do we still have to attend? Do you come on, every streamer? No, but you don't understand. In other words, we, they would have to cooperate. They would have to do it. Yeah, that would be the problem. Yeah, that would be the problem getting cooperation from them or communication from them or anything from them. I think that's a great idea. If people want to listen to the show on the internet, we could start a 10 o'clock here. We did. And I'll say again, 70 with all the respect to Stern, 70% of our audience doesn't listen to Howard Stern. 70% of the audience wants to be a Roger show from 10 to 2. That's what I'm getting paid to do. I'm not doing like three hours only because I'm going on strike or something. Because a legal agreement has been entered into, where obviously they agreed to carry the entire show with it. And if we would have been a lot of a kid in the first place, that's obvious. I need to see any contractors see that written out. It's obvious they got stuck here to that deal. And so, well, you know, we'll just put Neil out whenever it hell the Howard's right. Because is a Howard. I mean, that's a future or a QA. And well, guess what? Yeah. The jokes on use sweetheart. He may not be the future like more than who knows from day to day and week to week. What evil works. When he finally comes out one day and is in the, uh, infinity has had enough of hammer, serious buys them out of who knows what as the publicity machine continues running through the mill. And once the next trend come out, do we have it on a calendar yet or not? It is not on the calendar. No, because that's going to be really interesting to see. Finally, I'm not realizing we had to hurricane month. You know, all the hurricanes and they had like about five diaries came back. And they were all right. We know it's picking red next, which it didn't help us out. But that's going to be really interesting because sooner or later, something's been after star materializing there to make this whole experiment even like marginally worthwhile. Make blow up the whole damn station over again, at least before noon, uh, worthwhile again, which they keep doing over and over and over and I will win and screaming how or about you, but you're sweet as in fact, I'm just like John Kerry, man, with the election, whipped out. There should never rolled over and played that. I just whipped out and I apologize to myself for doing that. We should have said, who the hell are you? Can we come on? Whatever it helps somebody else feels like it? It is unprecedented in the history of this business. There was no other talk show that ever has come on in the history of radio, a broadcasting that starts uh, in the middle of an hour, like whenever you're a so at a different time every day, no less. It's just isn't done. It's impossible, maintain any kind of an audience that way. You're sticking it to us, baby. You're screwing us, Greg. You're sticking it all hot poker in there. So deep man, the bottom of my brain is seared from it. Even Brian's here's can't believe it. By the way, the Eden Center is now. Should be called a seared center. The current is Eden's, huh? The trends come out the 23rd. Who told you that? Somebody. Who told you that? The Duff Monkey? What the was he doing in there? The Duff Monkey? Duff Monkey? Do you hear what he just called him? Oh my god, I can't tell you that. Yeah. And by the way, I don't want to tell you this Josh. Don't teach you. Yeah, because you won't put on. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 underneath a rising and sing it around us lines. At least not yet. WQA. Hello. Neil, what's going on? How you doing, pal? Hey, I had great Neil just as much as any other man. But he's not getting enough credit for his couple of rules like move of moving delby, the hockey went hockey season, so I'm strike. Yeah, that was good. Well, he'd move and call with when you would think of that himself. Yeah. I love you Neil, bye. Oh, that sounded like maybe one of the former QM well or so many of them know. Jeez. Can you imagine I'm having there seven years now, the turnover. If we just, forgetting about discussion, just named the names, we could go to a clock just named the names of the people who have come and gone. Let's give it a shot. Or we could just like, yeah, I love this. The FCC to government and of course, a lot of you corporate owners too, like team channel. You have destroyed what used to be a fun business. You see, be a great business for the people who listen to it, the people who worked in it, it used to be, you know, if you didn't like, because you got about a half of us in grave robbing lunatic companies that don't air, be damn radio station in America. And if you don't like, uh, beeslee, what are you going to do? Go to work to a cheap channel. Yeah. You'll see what evil is that man. Right. So who does kiddin' whom? So that's why this whole series. And I'm going to tell you, you know what inspires me because I saved the story from Friday because probably a lot of people didn't hear the story on Friday should all radio be created equal. It's already underway for those who think that, oh, satellite radio, Syria, sex, that's going to be the, I can hear whatever the hell I want and they can say, all these words. I'll guess what? Guess again. You understand? You stop all these crap. I'm everywhere. We got it. Come 46, 14 to one. The website never looked better. I am the beautiful thing. Nice job sweetheart. Don't you think it looks great? Yeah. I think it looks fantastic. Yeah. And they can scroll down a lot faster there. There's all the right in the beginning. There's all the headlines of new stories. If you want to check out any of them just click on them, like the press of the vice president's of Proboscus, actually I'm serious. That's his battery pack for his pacemaker. That was to think it is. Well, what's an ellipse, you told me he didn't even have one anymore. It's part of that moral values thing because if you have all those, you gotta know what you're going to be doing with the next. So they just chopped it out. But anyway, the headlines are running and you go right to the pole real quick. And then there's all those neat pictures and you click on it and see, Jim Rome getting the snot beat out of him by a Betsy Everett? I mean Chris Everett? I mean whatever. Jim Everett. And you got the Tainee's package. You got the Alfredee bush and all the other good stuff. Bush is brain, right? Right? It's a beautiful thing. Never look better. Let's keep you and let's try that for a couple of weeks. Okay. Don't forget tomorrow we start at nine. 567560 pound five 60 on a Verizon and singular wireless lines. WQA and hello. WQA and hello. Yeah sir. I got three points to make. Number one. I would say they want that. Yeah. I don't know what's cool, but they asked them. They asked them. So you were going to resign correctly and he said, yeah. And they said, well, what did you make this decision to resign? And he was like, wow, who else? Ricky Williams heard me. I don't think the second day you're all right like that. No, the second thing. Don't say that. They're much brown will be called the station pretty soon if we start knocking the dolphin organization in a very sensitive. What do you think of this burger in the England and the ANC Playout game? I sure hope the Steelers aren't playing as well then as they did a couple weeks ago, boy. Yeah, that's what I see coming. That's what I see coming. The old Pittsburgh and England and the African people. Yeah, one more thing. Maybe we'd like to promote the national treasure. You're going to get a, some movie about being a loonati and the trilateral crew missions. The trilateral commission. Yeah. That's what that's what that movie is. Are you serious? Yeah, I'm serious. It's a serious movie about that. Yeah, it is. I should have ventricanity, but that's what I'm dealing with. The illuminati and the builder burgers in the trilateral crew. Exactly. All right. You know, got to go. Okay, thanks. I'll be down to see that. I was the van still there or not. I don't we care. So I just keep mentioning it and then we'll piss off the audience with a little we got left. Oh, don't go with that. Huh? Pass to that guard. They're gone. Oh, the passes are gone. Well, that's good. That's a good time. Somebody went. I was that the passage of the movie night or the day, I passed it to go shake Dale Gerard's thing. The movie passes there, God. Oh, what about the other thing? They can't get their RSVP to the VIP leader. Because they don't want to mention us. We don't want to mention them. And I don't know what that put. Josh, they want to be associated with them. And there are any circumstances ever again. 560560 pound five 60 and the Verizon and singular wireless line. I mean, to complain that game, Greg. Okay. We're too low. We're too low. And see for real, that was good. I mean, that was a above board. That was real clean and real, you know, I'll take your children. I'll sell them to some Haitians. And stir them with all those hard sounds we have to keep it on. But that's good stuff. But on this state, or we're like, how we got them, booby pictures. See us, the old booby trap. That's a problem. Because our management gets really nervous about boobies. Go, I am. Yes, sir. Hey, you're doing buddy. You are not fair. Online. Listen, I got nervous when they got rid of Ashcroft. I'll tell you why. And I really, now it was not not appropriate. I was afraid that Ashcroft was resigning. So that he can install them in as one of the judges on Supreme Court. That would have freaked me out. I would have backed up and moved overseas at that time. Yeah. But he can't do that, right? Because Ashcroft was never a judge. But he might, you know, he might join the Supreme as we heard him saying, you know, as the Eagle Sours, he might have a singing career in his future. God, you've got to do something besides that singing terrible. So the answer is unfortunately I was clicking through the channels before and I heard you know who will mark that. And he was talking about how the problem was the Democrats. They never liked all of the paths. They don't, they don't like, oh, they ain't, he's still playing in Clinton for stuff. And you know, I was in business office for four years. He's playing in Clinton for stuff. Yeah. And that bushes getting rid of all the Clinton East is. And you know, from your rural Wilson at a bad headache to their at the end. Yeah, absolutely. And the as far as the Dalton's go, I, if they can, why do I up above the jet? That would be like the biggest embarrassment for the J. E. T. S. Suck, fuck, fuck. And then in that, and then you can happen. There's no chance of that happen. Take it to the bank. Trust me. Well, you're right and you are God. Okay, see you. Not going to happen. They're not going to wind up ahead of the J. E. T. S. Or anybody else in that division or anybody else in the league. They're going to have, they're looking at maybe with a little with a tremendous amount of luck 3 and 13. Maybe. Now, I hear you sniggering in the background. They're why you're doing that. That would be given them two more wins. They've played nine games. They've lost eight of them. Okay. Let's, the math isn't difficult. They got seven to go. After San Francisco, Blue the lead to Carolina yesterday, it has 17th and lead. And after they went up losing to a little girl's team, the, the four at home, no less. The 49ers are just as bad as everybody said they were. They suck. The thing is, we said the same thing about Zona. And look what they did yesterday. Right. Quorthec games already gone. That often's already blew the game to Zona. So that was one of those, one of those games in a possible wins zone. But they turned out to be in the lost zone again. But beat the afforded. Now that's next week, but out there in San Francisco again. Right? Yes. Now they got to play the Patriots again. Right? But they play the Seattle first. Yeah, they play Seattle next week. Oh, Seattle. Oh, my God. Well, I'm not just a forfeet. Somebody gets hurt. Huh? Just a forfeet way. And so nobody gets hurt. Mr. H. Come on. And then after they get pounded and this black just blasted in that game, then they're going to wind up the losing San Francisco. You can be sure that because they'll all be like a limping. And they got to play the Patriots again. Right? Right. And they got to play the bulls again. Am I correct about that? Yeah. And the JETS jets? Yeah, all the division game. Right. They still got those to go. So there's no chance of them when any of them. But they can even play Denver. There's not going to be Denver. Denver sucks. They're still not going to be them. We're blessed. Are we blessed in Florida? We are. I mean, they got a change one. They got a shot. The Cains won against a little girl school. Finally, I have to laugh. There's a story in the paper. They're, oh, they got a shot. They're, their title hopes are alive again. Where are they coming up with that? What kind of a, what kind of acid are they dropping for some either right crap like title of what? ACC. Oh, please cracker, please. They are pathetic. If you take a look at what they've done this year and Dan here, losing to a bunch of little grand again, like I said, this is Kaka. Who cares about the freaking hurricanes? How about those Spartans, baby? There's a real school that kick Wisconsin's ass. I mean, 155 to whatever it was. Just kick their ass. That was a miserable 80 point lead to Michigan two weeks earlier. See, it's all a bunch of crap and you guys have taken like serious. I don't understand. It's probably the environment you're working in there. So did we finally make a deal there? Have they come in and said, okay, you guys can start a 10 tomorrow? No, no, no, no, we're getting it. Why not? You see, this is the problem. If my agent would get off the damn line there for the cheeseburgers, it checkers already and get some of the show on a road. I'm Yes, sir. Boy, who tells he's servicing on the side net place? Huh? Can't imagine. Go. Oh, well. Now listen, here's the article from Friday, which a lot of you probably missed because your busy did learn around. Solivines, Mount Wilson FM broadcastes has petitioned the FCC, the umptious, the obnusious, the uniceptable FCC to include an indecency provision in the rules that governs satellite radio. Oh, my God. That's right. You heard right, Granny. Levines argument is that sounds big and a granny's in the old fags, by the way, did mention this TV for the show, but I'll mention it again. Go on. If we get, well, Joshua and George is there to amount of mention again. Okay. They yesterday at Woodbine, I hit five times Wheel of Fortune five times on the dollar machine. 4,000 bucks. 4,000 big ones, baby. You want someone just to make me feel at home behind me because everybody, when you hit jackpot, they're all Oh, how much is that? I would you always that 4,000 pesos? She actually said that, Miguel. So is that 4,000 pesos? Yeah, pesos. I turned about and I said, hey, speak. Levines argument is that satellite radio is not heard exclusively by subscribers, noted should be sent into the same rules as terrestrial radio, which you're listening to right now and that scratchy, awful signal. The key is to have a little plane field of being told FMQB. A trade publication in case you're familiar with you ought to be by now. The FCC has the authority to regulate satellite radio. In fact, I'll be desregulated into respects the EEO requirements that apply to radio stations also apply to satellite radio and the rules on political broadcast also applied to both. The FCC said back in 1997 when an authorized satellite radio that they would revisit later time initial regulations. Levine noted he's not trying to curb how it's during or anybody in particular. We're just saying that whatever rules apply to Washington apply to them too. They hit us, we hit him back. He continued their defenses that there are 100% subscription there for only people who want to hear obscene language. We'll hear it. But they're not 100% subscription. They make it available to car rentals without any charge and they're no controls on it. Families rent cars, they can pick it up. It's a misconception that satellite radio is subscription radio. It's not true. The FCC said they can sell advertising or have subscriptions. They can do either. So it's not subscription only. It's not a 100% commercial free. It's going to be available to miners. So the bottom line is we're not trying to impose any censorship on satellite radio that does nobody exist on terrestrial radio. Solivine said. Solivine. His petition was filed November 5 and asked that the FCC opened a notice and proposed a proposed rule making that would mandate that no sat caster shell transmit any material which is obscene and then in decent materials should be prohibited between 6 a.m. and 10 p.m. just as with interest your radio it could take three months to be before the FCC alone. The petition will be inset. But I would bet with the current climate of the country and the car back to Nazis running it sooner rather than later. You're listening to Neil Rodgers. He's record they tried to try to print. Supporters left in a flat. They did the George Bush bash from a tiny little office in the White House wing east of the Ponder Terrorism and Middle East peace of the thought of John Kerry grabbing more votes within thought of grabbing Kerry by the throat. But anyway Rudy Kishir wants help those Americans who have the post-election blues after Bush's second term are stolen victory. The Vancouver British Columbia immigration lawyer plans seminars in three U.S. cities see adults San Francisco and lost andlos to tell Americans frustrated with Bush's reelection at the grass's green and north of the border. And that's not just an illusion to Canada's lenient marijuana laws. We started last year getting a lot of calls from Americans to dissatisfied with the way the country is going Kishir said then after the election has been crazy up here the Canadian immigration website had 115,000 hits a day after the election from the U.S. alone will usually get about 20,000. There was so much interest to the Vancouver based internet company, Communicopa set up a new website this month. Canadian alternative dot com. You got it Canadian alternative dot com. We got to put a link on our website. Alright. Canadian alternative dot com. This is just Canada's viable option for its American clients, including anyone concerned about constitutional bands on gay marriage passed in 11 U.S. states this month. We invite you to get to know Canada to the sites as explore the richest diversity of our regions and find out why Canada is the perfect alternative for conscientious for what the American thinking Americans say. Another website are just Canadians open your heart and your home, Mary and American. Leases of Canadians have already pledged to sacrifice their single hoodens to save our 7 neighbors from 4 more years of cowboy conservatism. Canada suddenly is utopian appeal for many left-leaning Americans. It's universal health care, gay rights abortion rights gun control laws drug laws opposition to the war in Iraq, ban on capital punishment and ethnic diversity mirror many values of the American left. Immigrants, including an estimated 1 million Americans, make up nearly 20% of Canada's population. The UN named Toronto the world's most multicultural city like I said in some of the smell pretty funky and his Michael Moore pointed out and boring for Columbine required viewing for many lefties and Canada is apparently nobody's in the lock you door. On the other hand it's cool the baseball's not very good so long exposed the taxes are high. That's actually what it says here. A but is what American who has lost his bags or I'm sorry who has his bag nearly packed likes to say at least the taxes go toward good causes. I just like their way of life a lot better with everything the Bush administration is done for the American people to give them a approval. It's basically the last straw says Ralph Apple, a resident of Portland, Oregon, a state that nearly supported a carry. Canada's basic population is much more intelligent, polite and civilized he said and he's correct about that. I like their way of government a lot better their tax dollars go to helping those who need it instead of fumbling money back to the wealthy and feeding this huge military industrial machine to go out and kill a bunch of people. Apple 50 assails men during his wife and her sticker that selling their house and getting their immigration approved could take more than a year but they're moving the insist they've already hired Kishu to help them. Though he sees many of good business opportunity following the election Kishu has no illusions of a mass American exodus to Canada. Americans have to have to follow the same procedure as everybody else including the $500 application fee $975 landing tax and the weight of six months to two years. The only expected about 100 people each of the how to move the Canada seminars all scheduled in the democratic leading areas December 4th in Seattle December 5th in LA December 6th in pamphlet 5th go. Nancy Gray spoke to him for a citizenship by an immigration Canada's letter agency's website received 261,000 hits from the west of the two-day following election but it'll be many months before official can guess how many of them were serious. We strongly encourage Americans to stay and build a culture and line with their values. In other words stay in fights at James Mogus, keeping the copious chief executive. In other words we like to have you here but stay there hold your. Stop right here stupidity here okay please don't import your ignorance. Now although we do have your springer. What? Who does nobody from America is going to come here if they can't watch your springer? That's true. Peggy faithful female on chronic factors says dear niea what criteria are needed to fill out the tread survey. The tread survey. I've been in Miami my whole life and never reached such a receipt. Well I don't know what is that. I don't know. I was hoping you told me. The tread survey don't tread on us Peggy. I have no idea what should do I need the signs somewhere to receive the survey? What are you talking about Peggy even Richard Dawson knows our survey don't say that? What what is she talking about? What criteria are needed to fill out the tread survey? Peggy I think the election is having an effect on your mind sweetheart good luck you get some help. Oh and speaking of now listen speaking of our website you will be thrilled to know that one of our news stories today already as of one o'clock has 1640 reads already now that's the good news the bad news is which one of those stories you think it is? The big training story. There you go good yes. 1640 reads by one o'clock and after the known because they want to see the vice president's old package that's what they want to see in the town it's only a battery package for that pacemaker or maybe it's his colostomy bag who knows what it is? I don't believe for a minute not for a second because if that's what it really whirling chaney wouldn't be walking around with such a sour look on her post all the time. I mean I was ever noticed he's always got that nasty see the bitch she is one miserable nasty bitch 567. Oh kind of tough on the second lady, aren't you? Yeah. Tell me to QAM hello. Hi. Tell me to QAM hello. Neil. Yes sir. Hey, uh, don't you think Mark Garacost was like uh, Vincent Price from the House of Wax? No. I like Vincent Price that's a difference. They're a little bit. Okay that's it. Yeah, Wax that's the word for him Mark O'Rehe he's slimy he's real creepy and slimy looking he looks like a real snake or else elseman warrior. I'm actually I'm actually he don't uh in fact you know something where he was what he were handed on the Scott Peterson verdict you're gonna you're gonna pass out when you hear this he was at the drive through a checkers. Oh Yeah, I have two pizza on this and two uh medium coke and I wonder why my life is flashing me for my eyes you know it pop head jinko look what I got. WQAM hello. Yes sir. Did you catch either one of the programs on some dance channel yesterday afternoon uh the brain of the theater called the brain of Bush or the mind of Bush about Carl Roe? No. Brain of Bush is it must be a program based on the book because that's a book. It was excellent program and also right after that was a program about the 2000 election and the way they stole that one. Right well we lay now man I mean we can ring our hands in the NASHA teeth and it's a little bit late now. No I know we did as well over and played dead you know I thought Kerry don't you remember before the election that Kerry said that he unlike Al Gore he was gonna make sure that every vote was counted every vote counted all of a sudden crap and you know they don't have no okay if you get a chance I don't know you get some dance up there but if you do they were both excellent excellent program. I'm going to Buffalo and check it out. Thanks Neil. Thanks Pat and be fine bowling and I do want to go to Don Carter Lane's. Is Don Carter dead or what? No they're right. No I don't mean the bowling now I mean Don Carter the board. See you're not old enough know who Don Carter was. I started a couple of bowling and we got back in the days when people are more than a couple but people used to actually watch the bowling on television. There's very popular championship bowling and they were like all these guys buddy bullmarin Eddie Koalikson, Thurmond Gibson and Carmen Salvino and Don Carter who had a very unusual way of bowling he like he would pull a ball I don't have to describe him he would like shovel a ball and he was a great boy. Don Carter. See you probably just you know Don Carter Lane's we need to know there was such a person to Don Carter huh. Now there was a time we're bowling with Papa Don. Yeah really. Well let me answer this what would you rather watch would you if you had to watch one or the other would you either watch bowling or golf? I guess bowling. Yeah I'm not saying that I would watch you to want them but I mean if you absolutely had to Billy what that was his name Ray Bluth and Billy Whalew oh where are these names coming from? I bet you even buzz phasio and Carmen I said Carmen Salvino and from Syracuse New York the Olefty Marty Perrano. Oh what a memory I have for crap you know this is scary you know when you get to be this old and you can still remember I remember things from his New Year's ago but nothing important you know I mean all crap there it goes all crap names of people I couldn't care less about 12 minutes after one at five sixty all I'd never got to that facts I got this morning which I'll get to it he's got a couple of cute points in there he also says since it seems to be the new thing is to offer you birthday wishes and condolences or congratulations long after the fact congratulations on your third year in a market and started here about tiny haha oh yeah I'm sorry about tiny tube that's another story common as after one at five sixty WQM began with the original Bow's Wave Radio way back in 1993 popular science called a sonic marvel and now Bow's is engineered to a whole new standard introducing the new Bow's Wave Music System that reproduces a half octave lower musical notes plus even greater instrument clarity and definition the slick new design features no buttons either a convenient credit card style remote now controls all functions on the bows including FMAM radio and new slot loaded CD player so call Bow's directly if you want to hear sound like you've never heard it before 1 800 560 4832 to order what David Novak the gadget got calls and item that can easily replace whatever components this to be currently have order today and shipping is free 1 800 560 4832 when you call me shoot a mask about the new Bow's payment plan does let's you make convenient monthly payments using your own major credit card with no interest from Bow's a risk free trial guarantees satisfaction so call right now to hear an amazing sound the new Bow's Wave Music System a great gift idea for the holidays too 1 800 560 4832 that's 1 800 560 4832 you're listening to me your Roger oh yeah this looks like you're on 560 50 QA M oh another tale from the cell phone of deep Jamie today dip dials celebrity biographer kitty Kelly hello hello uh you know come on um kitty Kelly please I asked give you this is deep Jamie who I spread of the United States of America how are you fine that's good that's nice is this something I can help you with oh yeah yes so it's just not a that book is coming out next week is your Oda frankly we we question its credibility and I was wondering if maybe you could wait a couple of months before actually putting it out I'm sorry my son is breaking us um did you just ask me not to close the block I'd go out to be lucky yes after George Bush did three elected print only one we won't care them why don't I want to do that 11 what why are why are oh my it's definitely let's have a swim you're messing with the president of the United States of America okay I'm making up now we know where you're living okay that's right we'll get your little two oh two but I what four would you this has been another tale from the cell phone oh dear Jamie almost 1700 people have read I want to get to two thousand before two o'clock haven't the check that story on our website over exposed check the presidential package you're what I just said do it yeah do it why don't get to two thousand by two not that's right particular reason just for fun oh and you know Norman paints the interim coach of the dolphins who thinks he's the new coach but certainly won't be he says AJ feeling he's gonna be disturbed and quarterback he's his man well you know take what he works yeah sounds kind of anti semantic to me you know controversy over anti war song brings secret service to boulder high school oh yeah is in America baby and you wonder why they're flocking across the border there's swimming across like Ontario from from fairport right now bob villains masters of war is a hard hitting anti war song produced more than 20 years before any current boulder high school student was born more than 40 years after it's released the song has been resurrected at boulder high with huge and confusing repercussions that prompted secret service agent to pay the campus a visit last Thursday holy crap some students in parents apparently let the secret service and talk radio stations know they were unhappy with the plan of a trio of students to do a poetry reading of the song accompanied by background music according to Ron Trabar of the school's principal rumours were rampant that during an audition in rehearsal for the talent show the students change villains powerful life versatile the end of the song to say that the hope president bush was going to die the life first begins and I hope that you die in your death will come soon secret service agents interviewed kibar on Thursday determine what all the upper was about whether any threats were being made against the president's life they were following up and doing their due diligence kibar of set of the agents visit they've been receiving calls from the community and of course the top show fell like they had heard the students inciting physical harm to the president kibar of set he talked to the students and teachers have been working with and was told the group which calls itself the coalition of the willing made no reference to bush I don't know why it's surface kibar of set the complaints I think they're surprised by all the allegations kibar of set he also showed the agents the lyrics of the entire song the agents appeared were left satisfied that no bona fiatret was being directed at the president he said the principal said the students performance of the song at the talent show uphold their rights to express them so all forget about that that's ancient history that right and you did nothing it was inappropriate in a campus setting a secret service spokesman cannot be reached for comment kibar of now is the group did consider at one time naming itself the tally band a teacher persuaded the teens to drop the tally because it was offensive he said the tally band that's cute did that's cute that's pretty good the tally band kinds of rhymes with pali hey pali band how about the pali band uh I know who can be the lead singer hi pali he'll sing for a supper and his breakfast and his lunch and all the in between snacks too five six seven oh five sixty out and have any women called they did wait now no I'm gonna I'm gonna just sit back and take uh left over there anymore this whole deal about the stern thing and about what's going on here this isn't just gonna fly you see they think that that well we'll just you know just take the money and that we'll just took everybody's gonna keep quiet and put up with their crap until they figure out what to do next when the next shoe drops well guess what they can't go to happen pops okay pops read that they could happen no more because you made too many phony deals with too many people too many conflicting deals just like that thing they had with mo see one thing about mo you can say whatever you want about mo but he must have a real age in a real or a he must be a real hell razor which we know that he is because he knows that back and take crap remember when they moved uh his hours there from six to nine until five eight well guess what you notice that didn't sit very long and remember when George sent me up those the emails yeah and somebody almost got his ass fired because somebody was arranging maybe like crazy even though everybody there was lying to me about it wasn't him but then he later admitted it was him right to my face because they lie a lot well guess what that's the only way you're gonna get the a wheel to squeak it all in that places to grease it baby to grease it big time that's what they'll told me he says if you want to move it grease it and I write that's why I'm here I ran like hell when he said that here's the facts well let's take a couple of calls and we'll get to this facts funny because this facts came in before the show and I was gonna use it really early but it's nothing like earthshaking on Bob Jones oh brother talk about crazy go and see the bush victory is a reprieve Bob Jones the third you turn president of the fundamentalist college that bears his name is told president Bush he should use his electoral mandate to appoint conservative judges and a pro-fledges legislation to find by biblical norm and your reelection got his graciously granted America though she doesn't deserve it he reprieve from the agenda of paganism Jones wrote bush and it can gradually turn letter post down the university's website this is the same Bob Jones of course who told everybody that Catholics are much of whatever in hell they are not to mention of course Allen keys who says that all those dice are much of hedonistic perverts including dick cheneys bulldike daughter WQAM hello yes man just want to call say I love the show thank you well what do you think about that ten o'clock you think we should just draw the line in the sand what do you think we ought to do I think you're going to tell them just make give us another great over okay starts tomorrow wonderful be here thanks have a great day bye bye start tomorrow the radio station near you tend to two let's say hours for this show should I did that as a poll what see what the people think well we've already done that boy you you sure you must have all the time we're sorry how many times have we done that third man I'm gonna do it again tomorrow make you happy all right how we saw no we have a problem now see I was willing to I was well in the sit back me cooperative we'll see how to how this thing worked out but but now when somebody comes in this morning some on mysterious voice and passes along in foot at certain's gonna be away all next week meaning they think I'm gonna come on a ten o'clock either we come on a ten o'clock all the time or we don't come on a ten o'clock anytime that's the way to do it I mean whoever heard any kind of show radio show TV shortwave shows the show up on your pop-up coaster that's started and it went over to hell they feel like at a different time all the time like everybody's got their own personal psychic who kneels on none you know no different time every day and especially the poll that we took that proved me on a shadow of a death at seventy percent of the audience doesn't listen to stirring I mean it would be great if a hundred percent of the audience all listen to stir and then we then everything be fine it would be a well well I'm a couple of different hour huh just to entertain stick around and when you come on you come on forced listenership they don't want to hear it don't you understand to that quite frankly I don't want to hear it and guess what I happen to know you don't listen to it either I listen to it no you don't you listen to stirring since when for you are talking what you are what are you are talking what are you suck up man what are you not going to what else are I going to listen to that since dream left there you might grow a little bit of a pair of something but then then happen since you have some bitch brow beat new and chasing up and down a home well I'm going to embarrassing I always listen to our morning like you hear you on a nine o'clock though I was way too early here you up here is what scares you most about another four years of George W. Bush that's the poll seven hundred eighty four votes loss of freedom is two fifty three Supreme Court appointments two eleven see that tremendous relationship there side by each more war is one twelve nothing it'll be fine eighty one eleven and a half percent of you idiots out there or everything's fine we're optimistic the draft 37 and terrorist attacks ten 26 after one at five sixty w q and remote coast is suffered as best agent buffet and they're the look at it says on here that the end date for this copy is October twenty nine who's who's growing up this account now this must be skipy what the end of more no what do you mean by that is he gone yeah skipy is can no he went to a TV skipy is gone I didn't even realize that well so now we have nobody servicing your most close I don't know what to say here because I don't want to do lobster fest if it's not continued we knocked in November this copy ended October twenty nine about lobster fest we get up on that who's a new guy huh well what is that gonna do for me right now in the sixty seconds or less wing it oh my god lobster biscuit joniston crab and roasted duck and grilled seal yeah all of those things were going on to be lobster but so go into yourself or ammo coast and fight out with the lobster fest is still going on say to Richard hey listen we know you're not paying attention to hockey right now because they're not paying any visa big leafs fan but uh we like to know what's going on here and so would kneel you love the ammo coast because the services impeccable they give you a fantastic feast sixty percent of soup doesn't the great great delicious on paris like new york strip made order grilled salmon handcar primary cooked order just the way you like it all kinds of new ties special these two and the best part of the ammo coast number they give you so much great delicious food a very reasonable price but you'll never walk out of there with a headache just a full stomach because they don't use any crap they cook only with the best ingredients cholesterol free or else no MSG no cornstarch no crap you'll find a full salad bar full Chinese food lineup and a brand new sushi bar too and after all these things you have still any room left in your public they have a fantastic dessert station featuring Belgian waffles and pies in case pastries ice cream with all your favorite toppings even for a fruit usually we haven't somewhat on waiting for you there too three ammo coast location for this is unbelievable the fact that to talk about slag radio slag you locked into a baby give us the lock and radio slag man talk about servicing our final counts how many years they've been out with me and will go back to the man three locations for you they're in sunrise sunny house in Pembroke pines so take the whole family for really enjoyable feast or book your next business lunch and right now take out and deliver you always available too ammo coast was voted number one by the get restaurant reviews and wsv and news is sad for his best Asian buffet and believe me you travel once in your degree it is a feast call him a nine five four five seven two thirty eight twenty two nine five four five seven two thirty eight twenty two and be sure to let skippy sent it to the ammo coast Chinese buffet you were listening to me the nothing Madrid or smother's exclusive left-on five six you rudge back and welcome back to our nineteen now flagship show i'm I'll mr heart c affects Now, it's been brought to my attention that I don't know how to do a radio show. Well, let me assure you that this is cutting edge radio, and to illustrate what I refer to as a theater of the mind. We have for you today a new Robert's Michael card tune. So you always always a panic. Could you roll that for us, please? Yeah. You look at that. Now this is hilarious. I can't stress enough. Now fun and entertaining this movie. Oh, I thank you for that. I thoroughly enjoyed it. I'm certain our audience did as well. Now, do we have a break? Is this a week break or a strong break? Ahhh, when we come back, uh, will be joined by TV legend, Suppy Sales, who will engage us in a fight fight. 26 till 26, the WQM happy Monday to hear Cindy who says, I'm one of your few female listeners. How many of we got on the internet? But I just wanted to say that I absolutely agree with you about having your show start right at 10. We're going to do a pull on that tomorrow. We're going to get this all weeded out. Especially before next week comes in that whole stern on vacation thing next week. You talk about a slap in the face. Now, there was you sit there and dummy up until stern gets done, Howard myster. And then you can come on with your silly show. But if he doesn't have it, he's supposed to be on a 10. But that's basically what this deal boils down to. And if I had like a real agent instead of someone interested, uh, she's a pizza burger eating a clown. Anyway, Cindy says, uh, your show should start at 10. I finally got a job. I can listen to you. Each day it drives me crazy. One ring when Howard will finish. Well, you can imagine how we feel Cindy. I don't know. But you get back to town if ever. I'd love to take you for pizza at the pizza lots. So I can speak with someone who's got something interesting to say. You're the best. Well, thanks for the offer Cindy. But I don't know pizza lot. We hear from him anymore. No. What's the name of that place? Pizza what? Yeah, I don't. I don't know. I told you a lot. Tony's been, who's bringing you guys food lately? Oh, we've been doing the how he's saying. Yeah, well, that's now how he's is great. I don't want to like diminish their, uh, how well they treated us and everything. But you need to get like a little variety in there. Oh, we do try to mix it up. Yeah. Like Atlantic City sums maybe. AC or Tony's Brad good guy. Brad over Tony's Brad is great. You know, Brad doesn't call it on the show. He doesn't hoard the show. He's just a great guy. I just wants to feed us. And what's the while we give him a little plug and I keep him very happy. And that's it. Here's the fact that we got early. We've, he for on you'll be pleased to know. I think I saw that Alama, the people who read our website look at it. There USA today crowd. They want some color pictures on there. 1835. I don't think we will make 2000 on the Cheney pick on the story over exposed by two o'clock. We'll make it. Do you think that in the history of our website, we've ever had 2000 people even during an entire day. Read any story we've had on there? No. No. I, I, I have no way of knowing that, but I would gravely doubt that seriously doubt it. So they want to see like, you know, a little flash, a little flash, a little something man. They want to see bullies. They want to see packages. Even one that might explode in their face. That's what they want to see. So we'll get to 2000 on that. So that's where we need to be more creative. But the website right now looks better. I think we're moving in the right direction. Now that we got Eric off his big fat lesie. Justin, Joe, Derek, don't get all up to your great. Your sensational. We love you. You're very temperamental and emotionally. You got a very, very thin skin for a pack. I like you. Very thin skin. Here's the facts. And on side to I notice hope you see this even. I'm sending it before you show. I work in an all it's about castron over. Why am I reading this? And he's doing a real commercial. The Uncle Funnies on state road 84 in your pilot and the pilot is now sports bar going by that name. Sofa King. I heard he had on Zandis several times. My first reaction was the irony of something like this. Erring on a clear channel station. But I guess money talked. They were assuming that since Stern is gone, the monitors are no longer listening out there at the evil doors. And it goes down about this. And it says, how come if he's okay to use the sofa King bit as a commercial? It says, maybe Joyce will let you start playing Fartsounds during your life's bar. No, no Fartsounds. And then she's also got a thing here about Jeff Cohen. It's just a can't get that idea out of their mind. So, right, Jeff Cohen is ancient history and the same with skipping. Who used to be his AE by the way, remember that? How ironic that square way in this appears. She gets the axe. Now, did skipy leave before after she got canned. I guess afterward, right? After. Uh-huh. Do you think that's coincidence? No. No. Boy, I guess I didn't know. He couldn't have been there for any other reason. Not because he had any idea. He probably was a drool, but also skipping. And of course, we know about it. Rhoi! Man. She probably had to take some time off, like, you know, recuperate. He let all her wounds. Her war wounds. Presbyterian churches in the United States have been put on high alert after letter received at the church's Louisville headquarters. Threaten arson attacks because of the church's policy toward the Middle East. A church spokesman said the letter threatened to said churches on fire while people inside. Oh, I see. Set the churches on fire while people were inside. This is very poorly written. In retaliation for anti-Israel and anti-Jewish attitudes, the spokesman said the letter had no return to the respite with postmark Queens, New York. The church is generally, to somebody decided in June to begin the process of selective the divestment from corporations supporting the Israeli occupation of Gaza and the West Bank. And FBI spokesman said the agency is investigating the letter with help from the Bureau of ATF. How do you like that? They threatened to set them on fire with people inside and retaliation for anti-Israel anti-Jewish attitudes. And I think the letter writer had a point. Don't you? And Bob Jones, the third, he's against everybody except his own flock there in Greensville, South Carolina. He says you've been given a mandate. Put your agenda on the front burner and let it boil. You owe the liberals nothing to despise you because they despise your Christ. Said letter didn't remember. So, any question out there anybody who believes that theory tells about Christ Bob Jones is, well, forget about that. You're not part of our crowd, our clan. Jonathan Pate spokesman for the university said the letter was placed on the school's website, because Jones had read it to students in chapel and many had told their parents about. He said, last Thursday, Jones had not received a response from the White House. Pate said, will be a misreading of letter and think that everyone who voted for the Democrats is a pagan or that if you voted for John Kerry, it is Spizer of Christ. For example, there are those who voted for John Kerry because they have posed the order and a rack pate said, Dr. Jones did not intend to paint everyone with that broader brush. See, they're only like trying to cover their tracks and their ass after they've got out. Because one thing about Bob Jones' university man, they may not be good, but they're consistent. You know what I mean? Yeah. You understand that the stop-open stack of everyone? Exactly. You're listening to new, new, new Rogers. Exclosively. Unficed. I'm a little boy. I'm a lot like Bob Little Boy. No. I'll be happy having you two there. Hey, when you're pleased to be having a fluke-slayer, we're having a sale on camera. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. My brain, that is not a piece of a horror. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. Okay, I'm telling you everything. I'm just kidding, maybe we'll put it inside that you see it. Yeah, she's gonna whip with her women and back. She's gonna whip with her women and back. Even though they've been going like, there's no bad ass. You can't believe I'm gonna pull the actions of a girl, but we don't want to drink out of it. We wait, it's been like our foolfag. Hey, let's be suffering in fun and speed. Rag, hey, hey, hey, hey. You're welcome, my dear, we'll be my face to be rag, hey. Rag, hey, hey, hey. Rag, hey, hey, hey. Rag, hey, hey, hey, hey. You're too excuse me, I'm ready. You're ready, you're ready. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. Rag, hey, hey, hey, hey. Rag, hey, hey, hey, hey. Rag, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. Rag, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. 146-1402, we're gonna make it, I think. 1910 views of the Dick Cheney photo over exposed. All he's doing is get like a little soft serve. 1910, I was just a 20. So we can easily do that by two o'clock. Think, no problem. Yeah, no problem. It's down. Hands down your pants. Speak of that. Airport X-rays, he's through clothing. Why sure, hopefully, don't try this out on the vice president. A new X-ray machine at London's Heathrow Airport, which sees through passengers clothing, has been attacked by civil liberties campaigners as a voyeur's charter. The machine uses low-level radiation to see through clothing, producing an anatomically detailed black and white image of the body underneath. Great job. Huh? I'm just gonna place something in that I realized I can't even play it. Or she says, you call that a f***. We can't even say that word anymore. The P-word. Joyce, you're such a childish, uptight bitch man. You're so, how do we even, how do we even do a show it under these restrictions? You know, it's ridiculous. Because Dup told me he, that he even he, Joyce, and also he's very concerned with that word. George, he's obsessed with it. Capable of detecting solid objects can see under clothing. It started a four-month trial in October. Randomly pig past users asked if they'll volunteer, see, they're not gonna do this like, force it on you yet. If you're volunteer to be scanned by the machine, of course, if you volunteer, then lower half to assume you're carrying a lot of objects to it. You're gonna conceal. What a crock. I stood in front of the screen and they took three pictures in different positions and said, pass in your perennial, Neilson. I don't mind if the pictures are a little more personal, as long as I'm safe in the air, that's what matters she told writers. Another passenger Marie loves said, it's all about being safe and I really have no problem with it. A spokesman for BAA Heathrow said 98% of participants gave positive feedback, but British civil rights group called Liberty called the S-Ray images unjustified and intrusive. You call that a f***. We obviously did not object to take in security measures, but I remain totally unconvinced that it necessary as spokesman said. To justify the intrusive near Portuguese or current detectors are inadequate, it's an obvious invasion of people's privacy and say, Voyage Charter. They just want to see some big boobs and some packages and laugh at people. Right? Yeah, what's the harm in there? Right, of course, we want to see a bunch of saggy boobs. I mean, most of the women are seen over there in England. Every single British woman with hot boobs, very seldom. Beyonce? She British? No. British? Come on. Beyonce? Yeah, Beyonce is a bulls. But that's just a bulls. Yeah, was a bit hurly, very nice. Hurly? Hmm hmm. Yeah. Beyonce is because she's blacked as a minute they couldn't be British. Which is definitely not. She's not British though. Why, I just said she was okay. All right, after she's British. Okay. Brit rhymes with. Twitter. The American Transport Security Administration, which is considered using machines at US reports, echoed liberties concerns. There are a number of privacy issues that need to be addressed before we would do field tests. That's what the D on the end. Field test, they spoke someone said. Scanners currently looking for concealed weapons or explosives on passengers have shown limitations in the past. Traditional ice-frame machines used to scan baggage, have often struggled to identify a testic explosives accidentally sounding alarms would detect in chocolate, cheese, and peanut butter because of their similarly dense nature of the explosive syntax. Heathrow, which for security reasons are inclined to say how the New X-ray machine improves on current scanners, denies the machine could cause embarrassment. It's very low dose x-ray. The images are not stored. It's same-sex operated and the operator of the seasonage will not see the person said the reports postwoman. Yeah, but what about if you walk through them all the sudden you hear like, in the back and look at course right now? Even though maybe they don't know what you're looking for, you walk through the scanner. Oh my god, you see that. Oh, that's like that. You know what I'm saying? You know what I'm saying? You know what I'm saying? You know what I'm saying? You're talking about self-taught. Five six, seven, five, six weeks. Got a long story here, but it's very depressing about all the city lying in ruins and they did civilians here because they got like body parts all over the city and just in midst of the rubble. And people are going to go eventually try to go home to where their homes used to be. Oh, not there no more. No house. No possession. I ain't got no body. That's what they're singing in the streets of Feluga. But it was a great operation, baby. It was wonderful. It was an operation Iraqi freedom part two. Yeah. And they're saying, oh, those elections in January. Forget about that. You're the same people, Rogers. That's crucially. On 5.60, in a... And it's Larry King and they don't come any better than Neil Rodger. I supported Bush after that tragic day. And two months of prize, this cousin, shelling. He met those soldiers and been laid in get away. And shifted the blame to Saddam Hussein. We're not too piling by Brad. They're not the ones for what's happened. What's going on with this stuff? We're not too piling by Brad. The events concert was all having fun. As high as red greeners, the more terrible things. The bloody grubble sent only just be comfortable. Baby, R.G.E. and Hello Berton. Needless me, this Sunday, our kids too died. And the ruling mudwoods still support the sky. The events stages of the Christmas people reason why. They believe your duty is Jesus Christ. We're not too piling by Brad. We're not the ones, so we're done. We're going to try. What's going on with this stuff? We're not too piling by Brad. Boy, it's cold. What are you doing? Hey, so many of the patients. It's hard work. It's hard work. Everybody knows it's hard work. I'm telling our hard work. I see how the TV screens that I'm having this. Yeah, I'm going to rap. Yeah, it's hard to say it to. It's hard to even just speak English languages. Sometimes hard work. Especially when you're illiterate. It's about 3 and a half till 2. Mad dog coming along into a clock. He's going to like blow off some steam about that. A Dolphin team buzzer about Harvey Agree on punch brown and all som bay.emia. Very uptight organization of course. That's even when they're winning like in the past. Remember these days? No. I mean, way back went back in the day. You know, slowly even when they had winning seasons with like ahh. It hurt a lot back in the middle of you days. You know, you'd have a press-past progressing quicker. You're going to stay. And when in 맛있 planes, that too bad. You know, they're a little more even when back in the Jon Henry day. day. But what the dolphin thing is like the Gestapo man. I mean you they they grill you. Where are you going? Who are you? Have I all the other crap you know? How do you know? Because I used to go back in those days. What are you talking about? I used to be a season ticket order that I spent my own money man. What are you talking about? What the fuck did you went to a game? Several years ago. Well I until I finally decided it was a bunch of crap. Man, it was still playing back there. 831 votes. Don't be sucking up to man. It's okay. He is he knows all about you. Is it better for you? I noticed we need another 24 by the way. The next three minutes will never make it. Well the next to last 10 minutes. We got a shot. I noticed there's a thing on there for the QM for the store. You know to order like the best of. Why is that still on there? I don't know. We can still order. Take that off. Do we still have the CDs and the keychains? We do. Yeah. Well I'm so I think that's a good idea. Let's get the new thing going. Okay. All the stuff not all of it. But a lot of the stuff that we can't play on the air anymore. Speaking of sofa king and so many others in there. And then we could put the on X-Brah. The uncensored version of the book of Brian stuff that had the full words of we could make a great new CD that for the new year. It doesn't have to be done the time we used to. But you can do it anytime. There's no, the location. Whatever you want. I mean, you know, just the fact that every day could be the last on this station who they'll know is but it's something we can least think about or talk about pretending and we're going to do something good. That's good. Yeah, let's do a race of money for a band of Paris. You okay? Okay. 832 votes. What scares you the most about another four years of George W. Bush. Laws of freedom is 303. Supreme Court of appointments 248. More wars 125 Iran, Syria, North Korea. A Costa Rica, right? Nothing. Then Mark, nothing. It'll be fine. 1995, 11.5% of this crowd say, or I'll worry about for more is a Bush. It'll be fine. Oh, yeah. It'll be fine for me because I won't be there. The draft 47 and terrorist attacks 14. Oh, my God. I'm worried about more terrorist attacks with this crowd in there. Crowd of lunatic, infinitesis that are stirring the pot and stirring everybody up all over the world. You know, we didn't play one more time today. Oh, thank God. Well said, Sally. Okay. We got the mad dog next to the hopper at the four. We got guilty at Smokey Bones in Plantation at seven, any K. At 10 o'clock tonight. Don't forget tomorrow's going to be D Day. We'll lay it out and lay the cards on the table. Yeah, let's do it. George, can shuffle and you can do it. Bye, bye, bye. How are you? How are you? How are you? How are you? How are you? How are you? How are you? How are you? How are you? How are you? How are you? How are you? How are you? How are you? How are you? How are you? How are you? How are you? How are you?