What are you doing open out? I'd like to show so far what are you saying? I'm listening. That's all accounts, okay as long as he's listening, I'm happy. You know what I'm talking about? I want from Boca. That's the guy. Boy, it's a good thing we got these parts sounds out here. Look at all the good stuff we got on here now. Yeah? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That was bad anyway. What? All those parts. Yeah, that was bad stuff. We didn't want to play farting sounds, do we? Yeah. Oh. Anyway, we got this bad news speaking of bad. The get started. They be sad. We apologize. We've been off the air for about 40 minutes. What time they go off, Tena? Some like that. Yeah. That's because you're living in a tropical soar is where you're living. You're living in a nightmare. Well, I'm going to leave her with ice. It's paradise, isn't it? Paradise? I'm listening. I'm tired, Mo. I saw him. I looked into the window this morning and wave. He didn't do the wave. Oh, it's thinking to do in the wave. I hate to break the news to you. Idiots out there. But the wave went out with knickers. Just because they're giving away a bunch of free crap out there. You know, stupid little rings, you know, those make believe rings. Oh, no, we got to actually and do the wave. Oh, brother. America is looking at you and saying, what a bunch of, where is, oh, I didn't have the bleep on here. Is it on here? That thing, yeah. Oh, this is weird sounding. Is it? Well, this happens every Monday when I come back to town, which is why I don't come on back very often. The first day is always in disaster. It sounds really tinny. Then it again. Again. It does. Really tinny and funky and weird. The TV is all screwed up because everything blew out here on Friday because it was storming and lightning and thundering in the end of the world. Where's the bleep? OK. No, no, no. There it is. So when I was saying this America is watching and I said, what a bunch of bleeping idiots down there doing the wave. They didn't get the word, the message that that went out a little early years ago. OK, let's get to death count out of the way here at the beginning of the show like we do every day since nobody seems to care very much. Three US Marines have been killed in fighting West to Baghdad, bringing the total number of US troops killed since Friday to 23. This sounds awful. This sounds like I'm talking to a tin can. Did somebody did it with this mic and he did Zack do it on Friday? I think exactly. By the way, that shows Zack. Zack is a rubber people are playing in house one hell of a rock show man. It was just going nuts for less 45 minutes. Probably had a bigger audience than we got right now. Anyway, and to kind of put in better perspective, gunfire was largely silence today. In the second day of a truce in Fallujah where Rocky doctors said 600 people, including many civilians were killed top US military spokesman said about 70 Americans and 700 insurgents have been killed since April 1. I thought it was a little over year ago. The war was over. Missed a little. Missed a little. We had a cop was all done right. And he was out there running at the aircraft carrier. All dressed up in a zoo suit. I mean, you people have blood on your hands. I want to say that again, all you bush people even Miguel was just in the doorway there. Don't let him vote by the way. Remember, keep mockupied. Hang in the vote for Bush says who he's going to vote for carry. Keep better. Miguel Escobar, professional Kubano, come on east of coming east is going to vote for John carry. That's carry. Wow. I'd rather vote for you. I'd rather vote for you. Then Bush. Yeah, you got my vote, ma. Let me tell you. I'm listening. I might as well use those a lot to run there. So when we apologize for the day of the year, but of course on a sports station, sometimes it's a public service. Well, I'm bitter man. I'm really bitter about being back here more so than ever before. And, oh, and now look at this. Shut up. How many already did that thing? Let's still make an noise back there. Everything here is a piece of crap. Okay. We apologize for the bad weather to our brothers from up north just to make everybody misery loves company. Right? That's our motto. What has been beautiful up until. Right? It's a long time. Yeah. It was pretty nice. Right? But I wanted to look weak. You know, by the way, something. Yeah. We have classical music in the background for some unknown reason. We have classical music in the background now. Of us. Yeah. Audio intellectuals out there. Hallelujah, baby. Maybe we can have a real movement, which movement we're going to have. So that's what we used to play. Not that movement. We don't want to get in the troll. Okay. Let's do the break because the good news is we got a few spots today. Not too many just enough. Maybe we're making a way. If we don't have enough money to get new TV, we're going to have another one of those full new options for you. I'm five six two. So you can wait at my own for learning. WKT Miami Beach Miami. Stay tuned for the Irbshinder Show. What's your least bellabigh? Oh, it's the Jewish station. I mean the Haitian station. I mean the classical station. But in an old by cheap channel anyway. That's something. Greg H. Good. Yeah. He went on vacation this week. He found out I was coming back. He can't face me. He had to leave. He had to bail out. Line's sack of crap. Oh, what about put the Howard Sturdon that you're holding? Yeah. That's a good idea, Greg. So we never got any spots on, right? No, no, no. Whatever you can start. We never got to that point. Uh. Now we definitely going to have to do another online option. Just one. We're going to have to do another online option. We're going to have to do another online option. Yeah. Oh, yeah. The musk rat. Right. We got to see a lot of the pan. Can you imagine a panther of picture there? And they're plaque? Get 5000 for that. The sales department picture. That's worth 50 grand easy. Sure. You got all those hockey plaques. Those bronzes up there. That box of peckeroni. We just can't say what it is. Just with his ear glued. Waiting for me to start talking. He just can't miss a word. So even when we're off the areas list them. Hope we enjoyed the classical music that's bleed over from K. A. T. W. K. A. T. My me beats Miami. Not. That brings back bad memories. We got better music. Catch the cat to my passion. Disc over here. Just in case we go on the passion of the Jesus. He is risen by the way. You know that. Oh, no. They go into my neighborhood and see one of my neighbors has got a big flag. And further house says he is risen. Keep your bummer. My sis in your hours. Super stick to yourself. Please like a fine dough. He is risen. Right. In fact, maybe we can use Jesus as a pizza crust. At the law. That's something to think about. Not drink. It is. It's over by now. I would think. Although we probably still have some less of our pace. It. He can't. It's past. So what do we want to do? We just want to. We just want to. I don't care. I don't care. I mean, this is. I don't. I don't come here. It's because this place is a joke. Poor fix it's out there. Try to buy a new TV. So if the world comes when we can actually put it on the ear. Anybody want to hear CNN? You're listening to it. You can pop it up in there. Yeah, except I got Jerry on. Oh, and you don't want to put anymore that golf crap. Okay. Let's give you the results for me. I stay from the weekend pool. Okay. Do I have them? I got him here somewhere. Well, which one of us is the most obnoxious? I think it's pretty obnoxious to the audience. You know, you should have probably changed your vote. Georgia's brother passed away on Monday of last week. And Georgia's whole vacation was spent with few animals and the pressure and all of terrible stuff. It was only how well it's 43. 43. And it's a birthday Saturday. He'll be 40. No, it will not be a birthday. It would have been. It wouldn't have been. Yeah, but now he's dead. So anyway, he was fat. He smoked a lot. And it's really sad. I think it was a good guy. And the good people, of course, are the dead people. It's done. But we said. And all these people say you're obnoxious. So I think you know, ball him. Based on what you know and hear. And of course, they all know so much. Don't they? Who do you pick is the most obnoxious in WCM? Now, they didn't get this one right. Our from Bokeh. He won by a landslide. This is out of 20, 270 votes. He got almost a thousand votes. Nice going, Mo. I'm listening. All right. Almost a thousand votes. What is Clarence talking to you in there? Okay. Spots. Forget about the spot. Leave that to screw in. I know she's not here today. So just forget about it. By the way, Greg's not here either. They because. Right. Right. Now, he sent you his condolences when your brother passed away. Great. No. Clarence? No. Today. He can. He can. You need to. I can do it. That's late. I can do it. Thank you. I'll do you never call me. You should have called. Just. I'm still in. I think I'm more in shock than you are. That's possible. That's the. The fact that that's the scariest. Oh, like my misery. Who's that? All the fat people that you know have this habit of dying. Yeah. That's funny that way. That's three now. Right. That we got me. And that was the track said. Wait till you're my tracks. Do I folks. You love this. But before we get to that. They're just show-look at him in the food is coming out of the corner. No, I'm not exaggerating. I was getting easily nauseous watching him eat as the food was oozing out of the corners of his mouth Which is a shame because he's still not as fat as he was right now. He's he's lost about four or five hundred Pounds since his I would say senty maxed out since his peak right since he was dragging at bag around or whatever that was But no, and then my friend Derek who was always skinny skinny as a rail who comes to the track with us for many many years He's got a big pupic now. He's fat So the fact is he's just Out of control and of course in my house now that I'm home a few days Oh, there's Easter eggs over here and there's candy over here in his cookies Christmas cookies. It's Easter It's a wrong holiday, but Christmas cookies with a little red and green sprinkles on it Just to make sure that I can get died before I get a chance to get out of here Anyway, here's the poll result the most obnoxious person that you am according to our audience How are David at 943 absolutely boy the homper which surprised me the Hebrew hammer 329 pretty strong second for the hammer George 151. We had a real good battle for a third place George 151 screw and 144 I bet I know who voted for her. Roy. I had 142 so the three of us there were right blood side by each Greg Reed 96 Greg H. U. Yelding 91 Joseph Gackie 74 freaky Carlos. She had 67 The big at 46 the mad dog 38 I know you're gonna it's a good thing she didn't have two more votes. I know Mad dog 38 the beast 37 he is so useless man. Oh, what everybody hates him Todd Rex speaking useless at 29 Joe rose 19 fat boy Had 19 posts is that in here or you don't even have it to you boy Hi, I'm Ellie he had 19 Robert creeper had 13 so hitting little right wins you Duff them off my stir shit. It doesn't I just noticed speaking ahead fat Zach had it. Yes. He's got a current Nice new glossy bush chaney bumper sticker on his car who does other creeper faster Blood on your hands, great for okay Zach had eight in fact he just ate Nate and he can't hate which I can't believe anybody don't like any Okay, and Clarence had four because you want it a while small potatoes Well, they'd heard that update this morning literally and figuratively yeah it comes on air this morning on the Joe rose show I'm Josh Beckett yeah, yeah, you only wish you wish you were Josh Beckett okay Clarence you little uh oh man weasel weasel junior Start to think absolutely he's a little weasel A little wannabe anyway W I we're just the first three breaks don't exist. Okay. Now. What was he trying to tell you about the spots? You know I know what how many of them girl we're gonna be able to shove in how many five minutes six minute breaks can we No, you're dreaming the sooner plus the ones that we missed plus if you maybe from the sad canoe In just in case we go off again. Okay. What do you see we do all spots? Let's get a call here if we can get any calls if there's anybody Listen if we're still on here somebody call in and see what you think all spots between now and two sounds good to me And then we'll replace them in a morning victories five out of six at home baby. Oh Five six seven here we go. W Q a hello Oh There's a voice in a past that sounds a little like tiny it getting really frantic you see there is no nobody died Right they just go in the back they go into like a holding pattern for a like purgatory Limit and then after they were like build up a little energy they come back that was definitely tiny and tiny says all spots W Q a I'm hello Oh Okay, thank you there. That's all we need it all spots radio instead of all sports radio What what what do you want what is it that you want because we get a really irritated and having to see what face to face what does he want? We're not on delay Yeah, so that means we're not taking any calls. Yeah, don't do that. Oh No kidding clearance. Good one. Good one. That's not maybe let's go judge back it So we we can't take any calls We should put that classical music from KT in the background again to kind of sue the audience because the was kind of weather Like the world is coming to win it's like it's like we're on Not just standard time like we turned a clock back kind of like in the bush era there you go Turn to talk back a hundred years. It's dark. It's pincedermann This is really bad Now speaking of the end of radio in the end of the world the regular guys in Tampa. I'm clear channel there fire I mean in Atlanta fired fired did Right absolutely WKLS rocket land a morning show the regular guys remember when they got suspended you were still there was a couple weeks ago Yes, well, they're done Hosted by Larry walks at Eric von Hessler was formally dropped by clear channel rocker on Friday following it thorough investigation by clear channel regional vice president general manager Pad McDonald and local management of a March 19 broadcast during which walks in von Hessler plan to irritate backwards of a poor an act for a simulated various sex access avoiding an FCC fund. They were gonna play it backward, but What they were trying to tape went out live forward on 96 rock however rolling on it either commercial There was like under anything commercial see I only did one because if I did two of the never important Wrath it dump it we can't adore immediately suspended from WKLS and the statement McDonald said We will announce replacement programming in the near future But remain confident or ability continue to provide compelling entertaining and informative Programming that meets the taste and desires of our listeners typical a close channel. They're really concerned about their listeners Right Wow So we got that we can't do anything we could play some music But I I got a few bedtime stories here week we go about 35 minutes ready. We're in hopefully we'll go off the Oregon. That's when I'm praying for Well when you come back to ten just want to ease into a micolidia I enjoy when this is a transmitter goes on the fact if there's anybody out there on Virginia key Where would it is near the transfer? I want to throw a stink bomb at it We just looked up here like in a throw a bomb at it got a pair of bolt cutters right said would that you excellent So just knock that baby off the air for a few days at least a week would be excellent Then we can get it back on when I get that a lot of here Okay, let's do some commercials baby because Clarence is ringing his hands. He wants to make sure we don't have to run too many more of those damn Options online those beesley rip off options and pass them off as some kind of charitable thing because he knows I won't read those promos ever again bad boy said me this boy says oh we're gonna be doing that again in June I said no you're gonna be doing in June sweetheart because I'm not you want here you want here about that no more on issue I'll listen before you want to buy some spots Hey speaking of violence and spots if your fat is a cow like everybody else now I don't want to use your brother's death as a commercial thing here, but go for it the fact you're gonna die Yeah, if you continue to be fat like an a die you're gonna die now even if you're not fat you're still in a die But probably not quite as soon So if you want to die young stay fat like George and his brother and all of his friends has even just it's just that they can't handle it Balance for life is the premier meal delivery service based on his own diet and they deliver right to your door Even if you don't want it they deliver right to your door a little black sack three meals and two delicious gourmet snacks every single day With all that food, how can you really say run a die five feetings at the trough? Try the real meal service that delivers results based on Dr. Barry series zone diet don't settle Frumitations just imagine there's no shopping or cooking or clean in no calorie counting Not even any carbohydrate counting which everybody seems obsessed with today and people on balance for life Or losing an average of 12 to 18 pounds a month with balance for life. This could really extend your life because the zone diets proven to lower your blood sugar Your high cholesterol and high blood pressure too And if you ever wanted to try the South Beach side, here's your chance to because balance for life Is the closest thing to ever find you don't have to do any figuring out because balance for life is the only meal delivery company It offers you menu choices to let you go from phase one to phase three of the very popular South Beach diet So feel the difference. See the results on the scale stay alive Baby, that's what it's all about stay alive lose that weight if you've tried all the other gimmits and diets and just haven't been able to do it This could be what you've been searching desperately for because they do all the cooking and all the worrying for you Call balance for life today 1 866 2 2 5 45 43 that's 1 866 2 2 5 45 43 run away It's balance for life.com His name is crew He's so He's He's He's He's We're not Love We thought they would be together forever But then Tom left an empty baby But In was a love without a chance He can't keep it in his bed There in the news a day soon they will go away Won't have to see two crewed together Once they'll sit with the sea The other is I see Who cares those crewed is on us together Tom told the melody Just get away from me Don't want to be two crewed together They said they were love But now they are broken up Won't have to see two crewed is together Let's make love It's a lot of all two at five six You're WM happy Monday to a happy Easter Monday Do you know what's that about? It's about having another day off It's about being a day late in the night We'll be in the next day We'll be in the next day We'll be in the next day We'll be in the next day We'll be in the next day We'll be in the next day We'll be in the next day We'll be in the next day We'll be in the next day We'll be in the next day We'll be in the next day We'll be in the next day We'll be in the next day We'll be in the next day We'll be in the next day We'll be in the next day We'll be in the next day We'll be in the next day We'll be in the next day We'll be in the next day We'll be in the next day We'll be in the next day We'll be in the next day We'll be in the next day We'll be in the next day We'll be in the next day We'll be in the next day We'll be in the next day We'll be in the next day We'll be in the next day We'll be in the next day We'll be in the next day We'll be in the next day We'll be in the next day We'll be in the next day We'll be in the next day We'll be in the next day The Marlins, which man is town is just Marlin intensive especially on this When they give a bunch of crap away free That's what they want I'll get to my race track story in a moment About you barbarians up there in Pompano, man I'm going to tell you really And I'm not saying this for a fact To be a star-post We got so many nasty miserable rotten people This is a beautiful place All of the weather sucks so a lot like today But the wrong people People transplant We need an immediate people transplant Now, am I right? Absolutely I'll grab the bus Boss, man Oh yeah, I'll drive the bus In fact, I'm going to be bailing out Just before I drive a rail Off into the ocean I'll use cemetery village and win more people up there And Pompano, man My people are grand, come on I'm next I'm next The Marlin, and what do you care about least? Golf the Marlin's politics Sex And do you think anybody's going to vote for sex? See, that's going to be a bit too high Hockey The stock market or Howard Stern I'm age it, I just put a bunch of random things on here I think it's kind of interesting Which you care about least I would say a golf There are a lot of ties there Golf Oh, and golf No, and the Marlin's at least I don't know There's at least a few people do But golf, I mean you talk about lifeless Look at the kind of people who play a lot of golf Howard from Bokeh Yeah, rest my case Bring it away And there's people watching other people play And if you watch real closely on your HDPZ You can actually see the number of the ball and count the dimples You can see the windings Underneath the exterior shell of that hard little ball God, get a life And he's got the green jacket on And Zach on Friday was trying to tell me Well, I kept complaining that I didn't care about it And I refused to This is the prestigious Golf the Marl That would be like saying That would be like putting your finger in You know what I'm saying? Here's the most prestigious booker I ever picked out of my nose And we could put it on display And these are the ones that were in the tap hard and half springy And all of America could like Oh my god, look at that thing Is it like animal vegetable mineral or all of the above You know, young and brown wow Golf You people with your golf And of course that's that's the kind of people of this town It tracks I heard Motha the day going on Of course about Arnold Palmer This morning was going about how Nicholas should have had the Class to wait until Saturday It was Arnie's day on Friday And these are all a bunch of blue nose Where's that thing? F*** holes Remember when the grip will go for it Or Casey Martin or whatever his name was Oh no, you can't have a cart Because that gives you an unfair advantage You'll even know you're probably going to die in a few weeks And then when the broad one again there and I'll go Oh we can't have any woman there A bunch of blue nose A leadist F*** holes And that's what golf saw about That's the kind of people that are like specializing in that And he's ill Anyway, I hope a ball hits you right where your skull used to be Ok, well right where there must be rats in Anyway, here are some faxes This is cute, look at that The passion of the mice And there's Mickey nailed the cross and he's saying Oh I heard that's cute Nice going, nice artwork Thanks, Bally Wherever that was Now here's one that says And of course we don't care Hope you people understand we don't care We just want to give the spots in We got it so we'd love to break today It says computer nerds rule I hope you realize that sometimes those pictures You display of new celebrities are fake There what's commonly known as photoshop jobs This is when you take the head of a celebrity Painted on the body of somebody else It sometimes very difficult to tell the fake one from a two image Is what it says Is what it says It's broken but never an R1 No, we don't. We all some of us go to great link George is the one that got the pictures like today We got Victoria Principal Painstaking Right and where's my Victoria Principal Bio and all the stuff I printed on here I'm a man I'm a mess I have no idea why These are famous pictures that have been printed in publications Or other things And I don't do the fake one We don't put no fake pictures on our thing Okay, and if you're over the age of 75 and got 45 pieces of I'd need to prove it You can go behind a beaded curtain That's still working because I checked it out Victoria Principal She just turned 100 I mean she was born January 3rd 1946 This particular picture is from the scandalous I posed for it after I said that I would never do such a thing Said that she had to pay the guy not to publish But of course they got out there anyway It was a big news story and everyone saw them And they're very well established as real I know I said it In full In full crocodile page But she's 58 She's the eldest of 2,000 is boarder Victor Principal And reveal REE No, sir, that's Great name for Laptor Mama's name Reveal She's been in 8,000 movies She was in Titans The 2,000 of all these TV series and movies Doing Dallas Victoria doing Dallas Love it another town Well, we all know who Victoria Principal is right Life in times the judge we're not in The naked ape vigilante force I will I will for now fantasy island The night they took miss beautiful Dallas, she was in the TV series Dallas of course in 70 At 87 the pleasure palace. Oh Not just another affair. She was in 80 don't touch my daughter That's Georgia's favorite Seduction 3 tales from the air sank in the non-monco Victoria Principal, there she is, Greta Peruzzi If you have much many pieces of ID And you want to see some old naked babe Actually that picture she ate all that young and there either When you come right down to it Huh? Yeah, what we take that when they take that picture of a four or five weeks ago So if you'd like to see a saggy old lady there she is We can't see what sagging because that would be bad So I did see the picture I didn't see the show We janitaction and the fake dick tini Yeah, I'm afraid in our live I'm in a terrible Doing her best janitaction routine and there was a vice president dick tini there too I saw the whole and I'm not live I saw it on tape Now here's the facts here we're sitting here everybody's running around like chickens with a headcut I'll try to get the station back on the air It's raining like the end of the world It's so dark out there looks like WWW5 has just been fought And this is the kind of facts you get Answer the phone you damn cowards Where in hell is Neil? Look at that big angry trick Like that's gonna solve the problem So part of that whole we owe them something Right, howlty We got our people running around here like they know something Okay, which is a real stretch but nevertheless They're running all around a building trying to get us on here They got the glue out and the lapages glue in the bandage and the Scotts tape And people facts in here come on answer to full We want to know when we get back on like now then you'll know when we go off again We'll know then you'll know too like right now would be good Like that when we go off here again And quite frankly when you're on this station with a signal Does it really make much of a difference? Huh? Who the hell can hear us? He's listening He's on his Mr. Mr. Mr. Well he's your look dapper in there this morning I looked in here at his Sunday go to meet and somebody must have Mr. Caldera The fancy one the one with you He had the fancy Sunday go to meet and say My musk right on it was a beautiful thing Nice going mole 11 past 11 and 5 60 WKM I saw Todd Dreck this morning He gave me any new copy Oh, for any of his two accounts No, he did not He just stood around and made a fool of him Some like I was pretended to care You don't care Todd, okay, I needed a why I'll pick it up by a freight train right on the corner If you're in a dead end job, are you underpaid overworked? How'd you like to get yourself a new high pan career? I think it's about everybody out there would agree with that But maybe you don't have the cash Of the four years to waste on college If this is your situation here's what you ought to do Please we've been talking about this for a long time now For a coonzege Make that one easy called a fast train toll free Add one 866 fast train because that one simple phone call Can change your life In a moment That can every train and so to fight for a high pan computer Network professional career and the best part of the whole deal is they can have you finished and ready with that training in as little as four short months By the end of the summer you can be trained for a new high pan career Fast train offers day evening we can classes to fit around your schedule Fast train offers job placement assistance Financially the people who qualify and Would seven can be in location to serve you all around the state There's about to be one pretty convenient by where you live So don't delay pick up that phone call fast train right now Add one 866 fast train or check them on the web at fast train.com Think about it in just four short months You could be on your way to make in some serious cash Don't delay column today Check them on the web like I said fast train.com Or write that call at one 866 fast train This is sports when you apply six You way up All right class All right, the attention It's time to recite the new pleasure of allegiance Everyone stands up please Now place your right and our left hand over the organ of your choice Let's begin I may or may not pleasure lesions depending on if my parents let me To the flag of the last in United States of America And to Republic for which that pagan symbol which I reserve the right to burn stands One overly in the legislation under the arbitrary sway of Iran's universe Controls soly by a mutable natural laws Often divided with every increasing liberty and justice Prophets with a law degree and too much free time Very good, very good excellent I would have a 17 at 560 WQM here sometimes on the air station sometimes that comse comsa Studying Gil says you transmiters like homesteads power plant little rain and no power But in a rack I remember seeing bombs dropping at night and the power was still on We need to hire those people for our transmission problems When a bomb buys what the Gil is saying I scone Gil have a great life Here's one for the pull I left off religion That's a good one you can add that on there Now please spell it right because you can spell it wrong Eric will have to change ed for you And I want to air to have to do that because he had his own technical problems yesterday I don't really understand that he said something about the server They broke into the machine and messed it up What actually is a server? It's a big computer Right, I know that They see CPU like the boxes that you see there right that's big and powerful enough to handle Traffic from other people's computers like you know input and output Like you have to have if you run a website Well, why would somebody do that? Won't be the point evil they're evil Oh the evil do we're sure people that write by the American tell me the evil do we're just done it What's the point of that writing a virus that's gonna screw up people's lives? Tina's time and yeah, there you go being a smart ass It's a summary word if it's almost always punks that do that See that's you had to be in a punk as you have to be a smart ass all over the world not just in America right now Just in Florida, let's get closer to home out that I'm here for a few days Let's get closer to home and I'm driving to the racetrack on Saturday night So I could watch fat rich here with the food coming out of the corners of his mouth and Eric is squeezing his public and Quit eating guys, okay? They're crazy people good guys, but crazy So I'm driving up there and I see a car in front of me and of course driving I why is it to religious people always drive like crap? It's part for the course. It's all part of the big tapestry. Oh, I see and I see at a back of the car this bitch is not only got a The fish with the gee the word Jesus inside of just in case you don't know. She also has a bumper stick Speak to that last bit. I played I pledge allegiance or something one nation under God with the other guy and other words I'm gonna show you Can't say that either. No, oh, we can't say anything But at any rate, so I'm thinking of myself. What why are you doing this? I'm always talking about religion as a weapon And there's a good example of it keep it to yourself. I don't care what you believe more power to you Okay, I'll be able to have a wonderful time and purgatory wherever you're going But I just don't want to be bothered with it then I come home and I had left a couple of things interridered and bring a few toiletry things back I'm gonna say one beginning with a d. I don't think we can say that anymore Yeah, well, no wait a minute. Why can't you say that? I don't know I See them in the store all the time and no, no, you can say douche. Why not? I mean if you can say Yeah, but that's supposed to I know that's what they do with the container that you buy it right But anyway, so I go to the early I was gonna go into Walgreens that 24 hour one by me there And I drive by there and I there's not a parking space to be found this is 1130 Saturday night And I thought how can this be? Are they given merchandise away or something? And so I just cruise to about I look inside the window And I see them all lined up at the cashier. I mean a long line because they're buying Christmas candy Yes, today morning. I get up. I sleep in a little bit get up to go out to get my Sunday newspapers by the way the great thing about Sunday newspapers is you can throw away within five minutes They're about both they hurt on the Sun settle about 15 pounds of ads that's all that's in their ads and special sections and crap There's nothing to read So I go out there get my newspapers and I look up and I see I don't want to say which house, but it's pretty obvious in my neighborhood One of my neighbors which I mentioned before is got a big flag, okay? That says He is risen. Of course. This is Easter Sunday morning. You understand Although this is Easter Monday now and Britain and the flag I see is still there But anyway, I'm thinking of myself. Why are you doing this? Why are you doing this now? The building I live in in Toronto for example which is a very big apartment building They put out a notice every year at about the beginning of December about the building rules On the door decorations all of these things. They're just prohibited No crosses no Star David no What's the other thing you put on the door Christmas the Reath? No, not all of these things. They're prohibited No, Mr. They're they're explained that it's just they know it's offensive to some people and I can't offend anybody just have a little bit Uh, and that's all very simple America little decorum have a little bit of consideration for other people and stop trying to beat that Wow, I don't care what you believe. I don't need to know it. Yeah, you do. No, I don't I don't need I don't know I don't want people are always complaining about you and I about the shows We do what religion we talk about that too much. We'd never do any shows Religion if nobody else would talk about it They just believe they're own furry tales and stop killing each other because of it and leave us alone leave us alone No, I don't want to be dragged down the path to purgatory We're gonna go and I don't care. I don't want it. I don't want to know about it. You'll think me later. She is risen. I talk to myself What a what a nasty thing. Okay, no seriously. It's just nasty It's back when you know right after 9.00 and a lot of us including me We got sucked into the thing putting the American flags on for right now I think you'd have to be embarrassed all the why saw a couple of cars over the weekend and they got the little flag the window flag on there again on a car Oh, now that you're back here. They got some four flag jobbies But you know something I sure hope they got some ketchup to put on there to simulate blood Because if you're one of those people man if you're supporting this insanity You've got blood on your hands and blood on your flag Make no mistake about it. It's a disgrace what's going on and the public is little bit like this Pretty soon it'll be 800 then it'll be 900 then there'll be a thousand people coming home and body bags Plus the thousands who are mailed and you related might as well be dead Plus of course the thousands of those people over there I don't know this in the beginning. It's called a man's of patient by the competition You're free now we're gonna care you you can't be much freer than that right got nothing to worry about no bills to pay your dead Speaking of for your own good right for your own good. There you just shut up and take it How's that pull coming boy? This guy was right on a religion thing man? Got 10 immediately That's our crowd. That's our good. He even crowd you can knock her audience or you want we got plenty of goofballs out there We got a crowd man. It's heads and shoulders above the rest including those barbarians at the track Saturday, which I will eventually get in that straight a minute one minute That that told me right there where I was there is no there is no place else on the face of the earth Even in the Bronx even Manhattan on a bad day that could have been on Saturday night and seen what I saw a display of barbarians of lunatics so grotesque Anyway, which of these you care about the least that's our pull course that ain't the arrogues dot com 136 votes Goal 52 alright. Let's say All right 52 it is pathetic and like you said It's one thing if you want to play to go out get some exercise Socialize moves a little bit a couple of beers. Well, I mean whatever just a lot and smooth a little because you got nothing else here But to sit and watch other people play golf you have to be an imbicill man You have to be a moron No, no, don't you slower it would be a still picture on your team. I mean I can understand a lifeless lifeless old turds who just are like walking vegetables I can like for example hour from broke there's one You know I can understand him getting involved in that that's all he talks about Goal 52 hockey 25 shame on you leaves two out of one nothing Saturday pretty lame game by the way game 3 tonight How about Nashville how about this predator? How can I Detroit is there 11? Howard Stern 22 religion 15 religion is leaping toward the top It's making gigantic leaps and bounds by the way Clarence thanks for giving me the log back and a wrong order backward You idiot. Well, look it's a big assignment for a little guy. Okay. He's a little weasley kind of strippy guy Swippy guy We should have had Joshua Coral yeah, I would put shrimp on the year. I don't know if we have that spot. I don't we do here And not here we should have put down the DCS because I can't say simple like the way he though who can religion 15 the Marlins 11 we love the Marlins and when every day Let's go get some free crap into ballpark. I'm sorry. They're on the road non-iron games. They're in Puerto Rico Let's send us some people to Puerto Rico. Oh, I'd well let me finish this Stock market 11. Sex non-in politics. No, I'm gonna thank it. It's for that. I guess the old far 7 voted yet The goofballs who do the morning show on L soul Okay Remember they will be a nominominominominomin Go to the right here. See whoever the hell they are so evidently on April fools day See I'm I just I thought in those people like Stern did you know pretending that the show was taken off and All that crap boring yeah old and boring So they did a thing where they came on here and announced that Castro was dead And I didn't even know about I read about in the paper over the weekend Oh man you talk about people hypervettelating you talk about your old Man They didn't have cameras in place before they did that they were foaming at the mouth from what I read How could you do this that was even letters to the editor sure? How could you do this and you're playing on our emotions and you had everybody whipped up into a frenzy We were hoping and crossing our fingers and dancing a Kazotski even though we don't like to use anyway. It was incredible Just amazing See that's okay going on here putting on full information just like that Katherine Harris story Although this morning I did hear a story about her. I heard she Well, I heard I did twice I don't even know what they'll I don't know what oh and by the way thanks to Trace Bradford brings in a letter He brings in a letter this morning from a sponsor that had some new copy information and he says oh you need this to be typed up I like a folded up letter that looked like he would wipe his ass with a couple of times Mm-hmm, nice going Troy you idiot. I say let's bring back Roy at least he had that big thing Well 26 after 11 at 5.60 WMD lightsoy spoke is dedicated to providing you with the best products for weight loss For that for the weight loss phase if you low carb diet If you're on the akin sugar bus yourself beats your any low carb sugar free diet head for the lights of West Book it's the number one low carb store in America Many of the new reduced car products and store shelves are geared toward cutting back on carbs not our weight loss You want to lose that weight and stay alive the lights of West Book is experties has always been on a weight loss phase of low carb dining They've got over a thousand products in this one great store with a focus toward the lowest carbs possible that Confided away successful low carb weight loss plan their spring sale is in full swing so stop I think I'm an eligible staff throw pin every day seven days week from 10 to 10 He lights a West Book is on the northeast corner of glazed in 441 right next to Boston market You can call him toll free at 1 877 low carb L-OW C-A-R-B or on the web it's low carb calm So if you're trying to stay alive if you're desperately trying to lose that weight with one of these low carb diets Here's a store that will give you the variety you need to stay on the straight and much near-or path That's the lights of West Book it's your official atkins real tail center when you're in bokeh stop by say how to our good friend hour from bokeh Coming soon to HBO Martha Stewart and Tony's a Prenno for America's newest criminal partnership The StuPrenos. I like you, Mark. You're okay. This is a forsexial about what was got the plans after Why thank you Tony now go whack a few hostile witnesses while I cook up an alibi and my flaky teach traveler What did you say before about dead witnesses? There a good thing When an organized crime ring meets a sterling silver nap can ring it can only be the StuPrenos Martha and I judge yours just woke up that floor. What's is that wonderful? I hope you wrapped it in my homemade Terry clock horse head cozy the StuPrenos It's the show everyone is talking about hey I don't like a what people talk that's when I think about a ride a beige and remember a Spryg of mint in the trunk makes that last ride more pleasant and Refreshing be sure to catch the StuPrenos Before they go into the old witness redecoration program 1132 at five sixty wqm so anyway, I just want to clarify that one thing because There's a difference between safe Christmas time if you got a house and People put up reads a nice decorations and any got the people were in the competition to so you can put the fanciest light red That's fun, okay? That's fine because that kind of celebration is like generic it It's just for fun and holidays the Halloween with the punk that's right It's not jamming somebody's superstition believes down your throat It's not like standing on top of your roof with a megafaune on he has risen Jesus I don't care okay. You're gonna see this Yoshiki. All right, I'm not interested You're gonna realize that Jesus has risen and you're gonna go over there and not come to door and ask them to share Jesus with you I'm gonna save you that's why I'm absolutely not going on in their hands I'm gonna say you know that flag you got sitting out in front of that I'm tired of looking at well somebody Just like my next door neighbor told me about the sign that was sitting on the side of the house that you couldn't see this one's right out there in front I don't want to see it I don't want to see it see I mean and also a Christmas time it's your property You can go ahead and put that you know the the manger and a hold you know the other people I do that the big religious display out there. I find that offensive I know people We all know people Your people yeah all of them I intend for a minute. Oh my goodness. How can you say these terrible things especially at this time of year really easy any other Time of year is no difference. Bonish time of hallala your Z I'm also one of my favorite moments of my life. I was just thinking during that break Was when a door opened a little while ago and Clarence stood in there breathlessly to announce that we had no delay working right now and I said No calls and he put me like like a little light bulb or see me go Yeah, what's that thing or were you got that? I got it in there. No rise bell or something whatever it is Very good, Clarence. You're really catching on baby. I said another 15 20 years work a little abotum You remove all that sports crab from part of your brain whatever is supposed to be in there and you might actually be a blood cast I'm not too sure I doubt it, but keep working on it Points in me like oh very good nail very good. No calls So those people like Miguel that were giving me crap about seven months I didn't know cause it was a good practice for days like this Well, we have technical problems when it's pouring its gray as black outside It's lightning and thundering. It's typical soft food and this is only the 12th April by the way 12th of April And already we got these storms. This wait till the summer. I read a story that I wouldn't dare read it on the air because our fragile Emotion audience would have an interest breakdown about Arctic about global warming. Oh, that did you see that start that's an environmentalist plot And the crux of this story is a good start. We really happened in big time by 2010 and I'm thinking of myself That's only six years away You know when you get to be 90 which I think is old enough by the way when you get to be 90 almost 91 Which I think is very old and then you don't worry about stuff is gonna happen seven years down right You're saying by the year 2800. Well, we're not gonna be here by the year 2000. You're not looking right inside What's that look at all these wonderful dive sites that they're gonna have for the divers now former city of Miami Yeah, you're not dying here already You're like the now look at this look at this car. So this is cute It says Title as golf ball. It's got it's got a TV screen with a big picture of a golf ball with the number seven on it And in this instance, there's the hole and the flag and the sun shining to back says Title as golf ball five dollars 60 inch flat panel plasma HD TV 17 thousand dollars the schmuck was amazed by actually seeing the number on the ball Priceless That's cute That is really cute. Oh, I could I could see the number on the ball on the HD TV Get a life you idiot you lifeless and you lifeless cool Why I forgot all about how silly it was you know what during my vacation I was I did it now got all about the sweetness of our life. I got dumped by Josh court. It's like right rightly so I said bag the idea of word. Yeah No, now you know you can you can say scum like if you talk about wiping the scum off the bottom of the ship or something But you can't say Man name the container that you put the scum into when you're done Watch it just don't start the dancing around the edges too much here Which of these you care about the least if you're wondering why I'm not taking any calls because we need the license. Okay We're hoping we actually get one someday golf 83 Howard Stern speaking of that 41 Let's put Howard on here Monday morning next week. What do you say six to ten? That's what Greg we was talking Good I mean wow talk about a man with a death wish Howard Stern 41 hockey 39 religion 39 Boy The Marlon 16 everybody loves the Marlon everybody's on that band. We're gonna one five of the first six They're going crazy Josh Beckin had a no hitter into the sixth inning last today and they're just a while with a Marlon's day They can't get enough of it Stock market 14 politics two and sex None which means we have nobody another people who are to track a Friday night So let me never have told the story have I well I got a milk it for a long time because we got till two a clock when no calls And since I've got such a thick pile of stuff here today Not as thick. No, I got some stuff I don't want to sit here and do reading for all the time get all Miguel up. So by the way I want those Marlon tickets Miguel How do you like that he comes in this morning talk? This is again the sense of entitlement that some people have okay? Is a good guy like I'm a lot if he was ugly. I wouldn't like him at all but I Say okay you want to he asked me could I pick through the Marlon tickets and take out the ones that I really want? Okay fine, okay. Nobody in my house is gonna be going over a lot of games But at least bring the dance stuff in here, okay? Oh I love the Monte Conta Red home and I says what are they doing in your house? Why aren't they here? And he says his line is there's safer at home than they are here Just like all that so did you bought last week? Right if disappeared Exactly the good news by the way that skipping in ourselves the parameters are real Major whole We sent it over to Walgreens to get us some a dive Pepsi caffeine free. Oh, this is caffeine free isn't it? Yes, it is die Pepsi good job, Skippy and he went over there and went away It was just pouring like the end of the world He came back here look like he just hopped out of the bathtub with all his clothes on which we say Yeah, nice going Skippy that that was that was the one thing that lit up our day was seeing him He is such a puts man. He is the audience thinks maybe I'm just either try to be funny with his stuff or Ticking on people too much if you look up puts in the dictionary There is a little Skippy right next to it just a little nebish right? a nerd Nebish nerd Whatever and of course not only that, but that too I better watch it because I'm No, because we don't have to delay going I know some we can't dump you no And you can't say dump anymore either No, can you? I'm listening okay. That's right. He's monitoring now too and he's very delighted by the way The commission's coming down all this filth and profanity even though he was the one who said and I better I better before I find this right here But he's the one who used to say because he finally started he liked it so much he started getting the swing of it himself And he was saying it all the time if I can find it on here and it's a good thing I'm thinking about what pot that this comes in on because it's well, it's not the same one as a fairer No, no, no, you have to be really careful. We can't send a Terry landfill you Well, you better not play that new you might miss you. I'd come out. Where now are you? Mo? There it is where he says you see yeah I haven't lost it Well, no, I don't want to get him in any trouble because if that gets on here. He's the one it gets fired. Yeah, yeah In fact, let's just do that between now and two the whole show what do you say? Huh We'll just we'll see how good of a job I can do how many I'll go for the Guinness Booker records how many thousand times I can play mo saying Oh I wonder if that's the path of the lights out on you Come on, Mo watch yourself hard from both. Yeah, you better watch yourself you put him out full musk red head God Twenty-two noon and fine. Oh, so I still haven't told a racetrack story Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha will anytime this is this is the best at least to me I don't think the audience will agree with that, but this to me is the epitome of what this town's all about you So it's so bitter. Yes, I am oh That's listen I'm but I'm not gonna lie. I hated here I just I hated I just spies it and more the people. I talked to an Arby getting to agree with me like oh man. You're so right In fact, you know can my Nationwidelimos who picked me up nice job can can happen to you great the once in a while good guy he was it we talked about the snowboards he was saying please please just all of them go ahead the ones that are left and have left already play he was on the stories that would make hair stand up on your a great head you wouldn't believe it for 40 cents for 40 cent mistake under bill they were calling up in the main they were going to turn him in for uh... for uh... for uh... for all this for fraud for forty cents and of course also tell me about the great tips that they were leaving his your company suffering from regulations and increased labor cost let all waces outsourcing help you when it comes to the people side of the business payroll administration fortune five hundred company employee benefits human resource services and risk management are just a few of the services that oasis outsourcing can cover to help your business be more profitable call oasis outsourcing today for a fee evaluation toll free at one eight six six at oasis or us oasis that's one eight six six two eight six twenty seven forty seven with more than sixty thousand employees worldwide oasis outsourcing understands the many facets of human resource management outsourcing is being recognized by firms large and small as a powerful management choice which allows you to focus on your core business while leaving the operational details to oasis outsourcing let oasis outsourcing make your business more profitable for a fee evaluation call one eight six six at oasis that's one eight six six two eight six twenty seven forty seven four oasis outsourcing mine and law this is for twenty five six when a relaxing moment turns into the right moment you will be ready thanks to new thirty six hours see how is who Friday night a hot tub a little wine a gorgeous sunset how about we go and sign is that all you can think about the question is will your wife be ready that's why she else keeps working for up to thirty six hours so you have a time you need to wear down her resistance honey want to snow go it is six a m you know Saturday is my only day to sleep and with new thirty six hours see how is you can afford to buy your time what can be better than a romantic dinner on a Saturday night I know after this let's go home and relax and come to the fire hello wood smoke aggravates my asthma because sooner or later she'll give it up one way or the other honey honey wake up there's a burglow in the house oh my god I think we should have noisy sex to scare him off oh all right thank god we still got ten minutes left of the clock hurry up hurry up new thirty six hours see how is when a break in becomes a way in will you be ready 13 till the five sixty to good news is we can take calls now after the laid back everything's the work and but don't don't hurry we got a lot of stuff to do here yet why we got bigger fish to fry than worrying about a few stupid call you'll see WQM hello yeah I just speak to Neil speaking hey Neil um well welcome back um I guess very briefly I just a little pit stop yes I lived up in Toronto for four summers I loved it uh huh what's not to like I was on Saint George and Laura right there at the universe I'll be damned so it's pretty nice time up there okay I need a I need to I have an animal but I have to rescue from these people and I've been looking in the in the what what do you mean you have an animal you have to rescue for you can I don't tie it up and he doesn't get any attention he's filthy dear so why don't you call animal rescue why you calling him yeah I get where the police call the police well I don't the guy told me I can take this dog I don't know I already have a dog right yeah and so I looked in the white page of the yellow pages there's no listing for animal rescue so if I didn't get the number from you because I know you or someone there do we have a phone number for our friends at the abandoned pet rescue because but it but well did you look up abandoned pet rescue? uh no I looked up the animal rescue so just look up the pet rescue that's an empty organization yes in portlaterdale they're in for a lot of deal okay great thanks palay rescue that dog man okay do a good job go seriously I mean you know some of these I take care of an animal and those people ought to be on death rows for a zombie concern uh let's talk about animals okay the ones with two legs I get to the track center name gonna meet fat witch and Derek who both by wicked the loose weight of the meat too and I get to write a six o'clock bad move on my part okay why is it a bad move because that's right when they're opening up and letting the they have this gigantic group of old yentas there oh my way Toby I'm so sorry for you Toby Toby is a very nice lady she sells the programs at pompot o park all right poorly and she and her husband they schlep out all of the stuff and she has to and of course they're all a decenting upon her so they had some kind of a special deal I guess where the people had coupons for a free program oh god a free program what are they normally like a buck 250 oh my god 250 big bucks there must have been in this group a hundred people you have never in your life you would have thought that Toby was standing there with a stack of thousand dollar bills and that the first 20 people who were able to shove and push and squeeze through each other we're gonna get those 20s and she's saying I really it's a good thing she didn't have a gun because I think she'd have committed suicide or maybe shout some of them I have never seen such a barbaric display and I thought to myself now you know where you are now you know exactly why people hate this place and the people who make this the toilet that it is and outdoor nursing home that's what this is we're even the young people can't have a good time we don't want them here they're making too much noise having too good of a time and she says if you won't form a single line nobody's gonna get any programs because she's trying to create I mean she's got really you know she's standing behind the counter they're trying to create a little bit of order out of this mess this chaos this chaotic scene the races don't start till 705 it's not like they're gonna go running up there and start plunging their guts out with their $2 show bets I don't think and they are pushing and shoving and adjutating well how come and I'm standing off to the side because I get my programs for free how do you like that without any coupon because I'm a hot shot I practically am an employee there at Pompidol Park for almost 30 years now how many bought thirty man yeah and so one bitch but how about him he's not in line I wanted to go over just punch her right in the head I really did I wanted to just go and just give her a knuckle sandwich all the rage now miserable bitch miserable old-style and the scene was just I just walked away there I couldn't I couldn't wait to get on the elevator just to get away from these people in fact there are like three elevators going up stairs so I made sure I went to the one on the in where nobody was like sure and I real quick got in and depressed the button got to hell away from those people I used the word people loosely you're not people you're barbarians okay you know who I'm talking about you know the crowd up there at win more where were these people came from your lunatics your maniacs you need to be uh I don't know why you need to be put away somewhere in a rubber room and keep the public safe from you and all your behavior your barbaric protests subhuman behavior you know what I'm saying oh yeah that too now here's the facts that kind of like is right in line with that it says if you thought to deal it the track was bad that was the deal you should have been at the marlins game on Saturday people ran to arrive they were getting ready to ride because they didn't get the marlins replica ring they were lining up to fill out forms so they could have one sent to them because they paid and never got it I went to the game but didn't really care about the ring and to make matters worse I had here the crow talking his crap I have a question for the station gets somebody to translate next time he's on a year yeah Gregory going back to the well again man so he's a marron pro pro pro problems yeah and he says by the way want to ring and let's Miguel was a sport in one of the swan or ring that is the marlins ring yeah i'm marlins we have to be because they might have talked about a f*** ring that kind you know if I say he was sport in one watch yourself now be very very carefully even though the lay is back I have no idea what this thing is this alarm I don't know what this is maybe he must have sent me a fact I don't get it people are out of control here 567560 pound 560 on the AT&T of rise in line what do we got going today mad dog at two the humper in a studio 4 to 7 oh he's a chulas in Miami Lakes chulas take 2 4 to 7 the a hebra hammer 7 o'clock you got the big nobody also worked that cheap any k10 and overnight we sent off whether we want to or not when i was really excited with the transmitter going down about 10 to 10 might have been that first day that forl was on here remember that i'm sure you do wow i'm gonna kick his ass and then i'll steal his two pay an amazing thing is he's still on here on a clear channel station in Atlanta which is uh... speared yeah shocking while it lasts while it lasts can't catch it while it lasts because it won't be long you can bet your life on that in fact you can bet the lives of all those animals were to track there and at uh oh well what a scene if if you if you go to watch it you would have thought that these people i just been a lot of a concentration camp and somebody was holding up a bunch of food a scene it i was new in town didn't know where to go when i went i used to do those appearances where i did a remote one with that was a name in that place on uh wnws i did a show from one of those old yenta homes there over in the hall and they all what that was an even that building oh and in the middle of the show what tell time today was it i don't know what what was i doing on i guess that was what i was doing a split shift i was doing uh nine to noon and in nine to midnight and it must have been like ten thirty in a morning and then all of a sudden they put the free roles and whatever else out in the back of the table in the back of this room holy so little you have never seen such such chaos it was like a riot it was worse than a riot and they're all bap bap bap bap and i'm on the air i'm on a stage with my guest writing and i'm not paying any attention to anything i'm seeing all they know is who's got the butt over here where's the knife where's the uh i have never seen anything like it in my life so welcome to south florida if you're smart you'll get that allowed fast i know i sure will 560 560 pong 560 on the AT&T line which of these you care about the least that's our pull question today when you're finished looking at that old bag of Victoria Victoria principal 232 votes golf 111 nice going oh religion 64 how about if the caddy uh had an end time Watson you know i know his caddy probably worked with him for a long long time do we really need to see Tom Watson we got all these american kids dying in Iraq and they spent about 20 minutes on his time Watson in tears because his caddy died what are those kids have to do with golf but that's a good point and that's what clearance of what they have to do with sports that's what he said anyway golf 111 religion 64 how it's during 59 hockey 55 the marlins only 21 because they're out of that marlin bad wagon we love the marlins it win every day they're going all the way we're going to build a bit of standing for five trillion dollars and you know what if they want to build a new statement date counting in date count great hey have a great time that's a lute we both live in brownard i'm not paying no tax money to build any billionaire stadium he can stuff it the stock market 18 politics three and sex one the most of uh loaded she don't have no computer or i'm writing that's your watchy okay i'm writing it down with if you catch my grip yeah boy there's a thought yeah oh no it's not not this close to lunchtime for many people out of got us almost new already i like these shows when the transmitter goes on oh yeah we can get used to this no the day that we had that marlin game on opening day was that uh no you weren't here there was last one week now if i could tell you tend to know and that is that's it that's what's that that was the most one noon came and that ballgame started i felt like i had just had the greatest beyond sex beyond anything the greatest experience in history of the human race two hour it was paradise you know i mean absolutely hey spring in the savings right now and save like never before on a great new car or truck from armstrong Toyota of homestead there on u.s. 120 minutes out of the eight thirty six armstrong Toyota homestead's worth a drive no matter where you are uh they're at because they're gonna save you thousands of dollars on great new Toyota's check out the great leestials that are waiting for you right now as i speak an o4 camera or four one or just 269 a month before the eight months how about an o4 highlander just 309 a month needed truck how about an o4 Toyota turned with the safest truck in America just a hundred seventy nine bucks a month before the eight months these are just some of the savings waiting for you right now at armstrong Toyota of homestead general manager David rich and a staff will do just about anything out of the sun so they can put you in a great new Toyota today with an unbeatable deal experience for yourself the armstrong Toyota homestead difference are locally owned and operated and they'll do everything like i said to make you a hundred percent customer satisfied got it their service department is open late midnight to late to make sure your service work is done and they're easy to find because the US one in two ninety-third street in homestead just one minute south of the eight thirty six they offer your free tires batteries and replacement parts for life to an armstrong Toyota of homestead you heard me right tires batteries and free parts for life nobody else does that so forget about those big mega dealers and car giants who always seem to let you down by over promising giving you big song of this and then under delivering called David rich the GM at armstrong Toyota homestead right now at 305 two four two thirty two forty seven that's three oh five two four two thirty two forty seven drive a little and save a ton on that unbeatable new Toyota at armstrong Toyota of homestead my little this is four twenty five six two eight as mark Morgan is the twelve to one hour on q eight down all about ten minutes oh my am i sure i'll just take the bullet train now you can travel from key west to Jacksonville in less than fifteen minutes on the Florida bullet train thanks to your well-researched landslide boat now board on the bullet train for your whole judges up up and up the why just take them on a real close of barbecue when the bullet train can take you all the way from Tampa right into this game day where you can explore the tropical barrier winds made entirely of q-bung view it your vote of confidence and the credibility of elected officials has finally paid off take the Florida bullet train which have a information on the Florida bullet train call wait a minute yeah anyway here's a facet from jethi just again tells me where i am ignomestic about it jethi lake works as you the only person who i've heard talk about a possible strike for the next hockey season I called the Panther organization to try to get some information on the strike before I renew my tickets for next year and they wouldn't comment. Of course they wouldn't comment. They watch your money Why then he says why do you think there's gonna be a strike and why do we call friends Canadians frogs? I hate it. Why do we call them frogs because that's what they sound like probably will be like that Started with the French. There you go But in any way, why do I think there's gonna be a strike while I think if you talk to a hundred people and I think about hockey 98 would tell you there's almost definitely gonna be a lockout not a strike The preseason will go on because the players only get played a payday per dendering and preseason not their salary But what's the season supposed to start? It's gonna be by by Because the collective bargaining agreement expired after this season when the playoffs are over in a couple of weeks in June whenever it's gonna be That's the answer Jeff. The Panther organization doesn't want you to think there's gonna be next season because then you won't Give them their money just like they were sending out several weeks ago Oh, we need to many many weeks ago. We need you to posit on your money for the playoff. Okay, right Even George knows the Panthers ain't making no playoffs They aren't in no playoffs even George knows that. I was able to get some really good seats for people Seats for what for the hockey games such as they were here recently. Oh, I see oh, of course 124 people say they care least about golf. Oh, yes, I think golf needs to be banned Instead of banning books and words and all these things. Let's ban golf Don't you think what beautiful parks they would I would like to start a movement? I'm not talking about that kind of Well, I'm not about it. Where we just ban golf Keep people off the golf course given something constructive to do and stop wasting your time out there Wackin at ball around okay you idiot you embezzles you man you know what I'm saying Absolutely there you go even he agrees Open up the courses to a dirt bikers there'd be good dirt bag. ATV. Yeah, I still say dirt bag That's cuz we didn't ask don't know I'm not asking anymore questions because no matter what I ask those two funding idiots. Okay. We still don't know Should we check when corporate no, and I just land escaped here recently we employed a lot of dirt bags We had to fill in dirt and land a lot of it. Yeah, so what's wrong with that? Now, oh yes you're this here's one I'm asking you I'm not gonna ask them Here we go. It's me again Bob doosh when you're done can we say that why not? Is it profane no well is bag profane Profane is it's farting sound is that profane? You see this is what a lot of you people don't understand and it just grinds my ass and people they oh boy It's really funny. There's nothing funny about it at all. It's pathetic it's sad it is tragic They just like I've been telling you for years and nobody was listening They just arbitrarily keep making out a pizigula long and they keep expanding it and then embellishing it and you better do this or now We're gonna take away your license you know the late hour of the thing on radio and records this morning. I'm lying here It may be what a cry. Mm-hmm How the FCC are our padding themselves in each other on our back now for this late is half a million dollar fine on clear channel They're all excited about it and Michael cops said this and John Aitalstein said that All five of them they're all a bunch of rabbit Nazis is what they are The word police we can't play that anymore either because he's a scam in there So when I said in the beginning like 60 or 70% of the stuff that we were gonna lose because we can't say anything anymore And then of course time jickenness quoted me in the paper and I just go on Tommy but at any right now it's like 90% right Just based on one thing or another Silly crap the number of days I'm sitting up there and I'm all dish I'm listening to something on cue during the break to just to make sure and then I mean just so innocuously one of those words will come in like Damn or what are and I can't play it And we don't even have the Explorated version of Bill cigars down here. I didn't bring that with me. No, I have to fix that. It was a man tomorrow morning We don't need it Save your energy for something useful. Okay, which I can't imagine what that would be in this place Here's something though a garden centers nude statues proved a bit imonist for some in the town of Hartstreet, Tennessee G and L garden center responded to complaints by covering up the classical style statues with stylish two-piece crimson velvet serongs I'm sure John asked for me proud All right, he's please this punch that sounds so serong It turns out leaving a little to the imagination meant more for customers What does this say it turns out leaving a little to the imagination? It meant a lot more customers for the 99 95 ornaments six statues have sold in the past couple of weeks alone and the attempted roadside Model C stopping traffic He wanted a stop when he saw the naked women in the bikinis Joan Philpots that ever husband a 50 years bill and yes some customers are peaking They're peaking They're pulling the tops and looking underneath said G L co on or Angie Lane for they wonder what we're hiding What's under there can it be felt? Lankford doesn't know who made the anonymous calls complaining about the yard art in this town of 3500 people about 40 miles north east of Nashville Work as across the street at Hartstreet gas didn't seem bothered by their full view of the statues I guess some people just don't appreciate arts a gas technician Brad Smith Well when I said if he asked 100 people 98 would tell you that is going to be a hockey lock on a scene The two who wouldn't thirsty that would be guilty because he wants to make town walls job on a radio game and remember who of course needs the cash Because he can always get so many females that pizza law How many females you get a week? That's what I'm hearing just as high by the way Who? Jeff who's that some guy oh 560560 pound five 60 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line Any food comes in I'm gonna be so militant especially after your fat brother died Yeah, I told no thank you. No. Well. Thanks. Oh, thank you. Yeah, well past over. You won't be seeing me either And then remember so oh you got to go. You said you go out to eat one night this week. No, no chance no chance two chances much less than not and much much much much less than none Can't handle it can't do it You know he has risen. Do you know that no, no listen I just want to make sure you knew that because you know you're sitting there with a blanket Your face you had a rough week and I just want you to feel a little bit better about things because he has risen and he's done it for us So that all your evil and all your sins and all the things you've done and thought and the wish you could have done Would they can all be washed away now? Then I mentioned the Catholic priests are foul filthy belly crawling creatures on the area. Faggot's yeah, that's kind of files. Yeah, yeah, yeah It didn't mention that yet Oh Stop it Did he say What I think he said right there? Uh-oh Better play the tape back as a George said crap Teminist past noon at five 60 qa Higher centimeters But we like about in best time on the boys and where we address my religion's better than yours. Why religion did not have a religion by naming? Why religion's better than yours? We have no respect for women, driver cap to make a living by religion better than yours. And I really did not have a religion, really, darling. My religion's better than yours. I'm a man! Chopahapra, scoopy ghost, we started taking dogs and dogs to my religion's better than yours. Why religion's better than yours? Why religion's better than yours? We were beating something down together, and I broke every tail, Why religion's better than yours? Please! My religion's better than yours, really, I've been looking at my religion's better than yours. We knock on boys to bother you like full of rush to steal our new, private religions better than yours. But we just better than yours, religion. My religion's better than yours. We were tied and lied our bikes and get you married lots of wives, my religion's better than yours. My religion's better than yours, religion. My religion's better than yours. We don't want the news or things where my Muslim is overrated by religion better than yours. Well, 16 at 5.60 WQM happy Monday today. I'm going to read, oh, don't do that. Well, I got a couple things here to read. You know, the great book by Richard Clark against all enemies is a good, because you just started it when I went to the page. It is sensational. I'm still not done. Almost done. I read four pages of it on here. I think it was the last week so we're not around. Damn it. Could you do it by me? No. But I'm going to read the last page in a half. Just a page in a half. And of course that'll spoil the ending. No, it's not that kind of a book. I don't think. Now you want to listen to this Richard Clark. He's the best. He's great. He ain't no con bellisa. He says September 11th had erased memories of the unique process where by George Bush had been selected as president a few months earlier. Now as he stood with an arm around a New York farm and promising to get those with destroyed the world trade center, he was every America's president. His pole sword, he had a unique opportunity to unite America to bring the West together with allies around the world to fight terrorism and hate to eliminate Al Qaeda to eliminate ourholder abilities. Just rightly important nation threatened by radicalism. He did none of those things he invaded Iraq. There were no longer any excuses after 9.11 for failing to eliminate the threat posed by Al Qaeda and its clones for failing to reduce America's vulnerabilities to attack. Instead of addressing that threat with all the necessary attention required, we went off on a tangent off after Iraq, off on a path that weakness and strength of next generation of Al Qaeda's. Freedom is that we've been attrating the core Al Qaeda organization of his metastasized, it was like a hydrogrowing new heads. There've been far more major terrorist attacks by Al Qaeda and its regional clones than the 30 months it's 9.11 than the war in the 30 months prior to that moment to prevent. I wonder if Bin Laden has deputies actually planned for 9.11 to be like smashing a pot of seeds that spread around the world lying in the expect step back out of the picture and have the regional organizations he created take their generation long struggle to the next level. President Bush asked us soon after 9.11 for cards or charts of the senior Al Qaeda managers as though dealing with them would be like a Harvard business school exercise in a hostile takeover. He announced his intentions to measure progress in the war on terrorism by crossing through the pictures of those caught or killed. I have a disturbing image of him sitting by a war-might house fireplace drawing a dozen red excess on the faces of the former Al Qaeda corporate board and soon perhaps on a sum of Bin Laden. While the new clones of Al Qaeda working the back alleys in dark war ends of Baghdad, Cairo Jakarta, Karachi Detroit and Newark, using the scenes from Iraq to stroke the hatred of Merke even further, including thousands whose names we will never know whose faces will never be on President Bush's little charts not until it's again too late. The nation needed thoughtful leadership to deal with the underlying problems 9.11 reflected, a radical deviant Islamist ideology on the rise, real security vulnerabilities in the highly integrated global civilization, instead America got unthinking reactions, ham-handed responses, and a rejection of analysis in favor of received wisdom. It is leftless less secure and will pay the price for a long time. Well, said Richard Clark, you go dick, I Richard. I'm going. Him for President. Right. Amen. Well, they've smeared him so much now. That's the reason when they took that poll after Condolize. Who do you believe more, Condolize or that the Clark guy? Yeah. The one that we just spent a whole week and a half telling you what a fakeery is about how he beats his dog and he's a scum. Yeah. Well, you can do either syllable, I'm making the right. No, no. Yeah. I had to be careful because I don't want to dump myself again. You got to pick up that book, folks, against the enemies by Richard Clark, if you want to, what's really going on? And must be just a coincidence, he's a registered Republican and Paul O'Neill, who's also Republican, a former Secretary of Treasury and WW. It must be just a coincidence, they're saying all these things. This one also is a full-consolvable book. Yeah, I just want to pedal a few books. Now, on the other hand, if David from wants to sell a book, you know, that great right-wing sell-out speech writer, that's a different story. He's just doing it to save mankind, sure everybody would have great cobbushes. Great. David from, all I can say about you is, I'm sure, Lopad Miss Drudge, okay, David? Very sad. You know, David from, from where? Hunger? Beat you to it. Oh, here's a good guy John McCain on the talk of Run with Kerry. The headline says, no. No. And no. Yeah, see? No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Tried to stamp out speculation that he might consider joining Democratic Senator John Kerry's ticket. Republican Senator John McCain to Arizona insisted Sunday that he would not do so under any circumstances. He said it would campaign in vote for President Bush and the fall, despite their policy differences, despite the fact that Bush is an Nazi. He says, no, no, I know I will not leave the Republican Party. Our charity ideals and principles of Abraham Lincoln theater Roosevelt Ronald Reagan Heinrich Kimler. He said it and be sees me depressed. I will not be the vice president of the U.S. under any circumstances. I feel that I can be far more effective in helping shape policy in the future this country as a U.S. senator. He's just a law for reason to quiver kid or, you know, they're all the same. The old one. It's got a big pair of man. It's Ted. Good old petty. Huh? I said that's right. He's got a ragged old pair of man, but he's got a big pair. And he's, they don't take any crap from anybody. 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T line, which of these do you think? Do you care about most? 433 votes. How's that possible? Least. What do I say? Most. Most least? Which of the easier care about most least? Less than anything else. Golf 142, but religion's catching up 881. Why just done that maybe because golf is a religion? Absolutely. Correct sir. Absolutely. Yeah. Golf 142, religion 88, Howard Stern 76, care about him at least. Hockey 71. Ain't going to be no season next year. Don't pay those tickets. Oh, why did? That's because I get reimbursed. Stock market 25, the Marlins 24, politics 5 and sex only a two. I'm other in the next door neighbor. No, my mother in your mother. Yeah. Well, I don't know about your mother. She hired stories. Oh no. I don't think we want to go here. Go here. They're ancient stories anyway. Here's a medley of our call. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. Good to talk to you. I was just listening to your discussion on the Richard Clark book. Right. And I say, what's not forget the Kevin Phillips book. He's also a long time ago. I've got to put, I haven't, you're right. I haven't read it yet, but you're another long time Republican. I've read it and it's an interesting book, but it's kind of dry. Oh yeah. But it's what he's kind of dry. You know, he is. But it's, the more I read it, I was gripping the book so hard out of. I'm just squeezing a blunt out of it. I cannot believe the country put, never this disguise yours, the whole family is involved in nothing but conspiracy and intelligence. Well, that book, the House of the Souther, where it shows the picture of W and Van der Bush holding hand. I mean, Van, Prince Van der Holding each other's hands on a front. And me, it raises a lot of questions. You're all I'm saying. Just the picture does. Exactly. Where they hold hands for, where they got going there. And I agree with you, you know, everybody complains about these books, but David from and all these other. Right. We all go ahead. Yeah. Can write and say whatever they want. And it's great. Obviously, I guess we're a woman because I guess George Bush is the greatest American that has ever lived since George Washington. Evidently. And by George. How can we, he's building a better America, him and Jesus? And by the way, speaking of Jesus, he has risen, you know? I heard that. Oh, a macro. But instead of going, I went to the movie, just I have a movie for you. Yeah. It's called Osama. And it's a little asking a movie from Afghanistan and show you how the Islam had such a grip on these people. Mm-hmm. I think it's coming out on DVD, but I just saw it in the movies. Yeah. Let me just get this question. How come before an 911? We liked them so much. And we give them that $43 million that nobody talks about any more to stop growing in poppies. Which they're by the way doing again. In fact, now they're not only growing them again, but the heroin trade, there is bigger than ever. And the warlords are back in charge big time. I just mentioned that in passing in Afghanistan. Well, the friend, the enemy of my enemy is my friend. Is that it? I guess the next step. And a Taliban are reorganizing. I should also mention that Afghanistan. I just mentioned that in passing. The Taliban are reorganizing. Well, once he's through what Iraq is going to go back to Afghanistan, it's finished that off. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. We're going to go to Iran. That's quite a good. In fact, speaking of Iran, I'm reading a book now about the overthrow of a democratic elected government. And Iran, which put the Shah back in power. Right. It's correct. He was our bad guy and the point of the book is that we saw that. We saw the sea as well as terrorists. No question about it. And no one wants to hear it if you say it. I'm going to tell you right now, my friend, in the 70s, I said this on Friday, I'll say it again. We should have gone into Saudi Arabia when they jacked the price of oil up when they quadrupled it overnight. We should have gone in there. I'll be when they had a fire single shot because they're a bunch of cowards, Spimus cowards anyway. Just take it over to country and stuck our own regime in there. Put in our troops, take it over to Worldfield. You can be pumping gas right now for 25 cents a gallon. But what would Prince Bandar say? Not much, not anymore. And I rest my case. Thank you. Good talking to you now. See you. I'll tell you what Prince Bandar and all those other great robbers would say what those are sheets they were. Bye bye. What they'd say? Real fast. Oh, you want to come in here? Okay, no problem at all. Yeah, bunch of Spimulus cowards, man. The bushes and the bin Laden's and Prince Bandar. Wow. Did one bit and we can actually still play it. I can't believe it. I hope it's in here. Oh, it's not in here. Oh, no. Until we blow a Pakistan. It's not in there. It's got to be. I'll bet your Greg's life on it right now. It's not in here. No. It's not. Huh? Until we blow a Pakistan. That's the name of the bid. It's in my DCS up there because I put it in there. I'm like this crap we got down here. Which everything I look for is in here. Is it there? Is it anywhere? No. It's an ACN. It's old. We have the, I'll find it. I'll find it in the break. I'll show you. I'll show you what for. But anyway, I've all the things that I played. That's one. That's the truth. We went to war if we're going to go to war against anybody, which we should have been using all opinions and dollars to fight to for homeland security and to go get the real terrorists. As opposed to Queen of all this terrorist activity in a country where it was going on my first place. But we should have got Saudi Arabia and Pakistan. Those were the two. Even a child knows that. Am I right? Absolutely. And third on the list would be Iran and fourth North Korea. Iraq and even the top five. They aren't even bubbling under. That's what Dick Clark says. And he knows his American bandstand, baby. He knows his hits. 27 past. I saw Tommy this morning. He knows his hits. 27 past. No. 5. 60 WQM. It's the last mortgage you'll ever need. It's the only one mortgage from financial group. The benefits are incredible. But I just said. You pay zero closing costs. Zero application fee zero credit for your fee and zero discounted points. Get yourself that new low interest rate of just 1.25%. If you have you 100,000 now along your payments are a mere 334 month. If you have a 200,000 now on your pay only 668 a month and no forget. Once you refinance again, no mortgage from financial group. You will never ever pay those nasty irritating closing costs again. So column today there's no obligation. They'll spend your hard works. Call 1 866 395 land. Get that low rate mortgage you deserve. Then move to your next property with no further cost to expense. You pay zero underwriting fee zero dot fees zero closing cost. Even when you moved another property. Get the new low financing rate of just 1.25%. With the only one mortgage from financial group. Whatever pay closing cost again. column today 1 866 395 land. That's 1 866 395 L a N d the Renequil housing lender. Restrictions apply rates subter'd change monthly 4.21 APR. We're supposed to be your 566. You a M. We're told to scuffle. The one's a people in Europe. Look at my family three. For the best result come from the same place as Shawn Conelli. And I welcome the return to solo. Oh, I'm not granted. I'll play in the white face. I'll wear clothes. I'll buy it to Goldman. And eat some hages. All the phones and phones stir through lips away. I've been locked this. So now I've been through the hylons. I'll get Ray's Landry built. Can you wear my gold job suit? I'll look for an yellow kill. Oh, no, I've known her. Return to Scotland. Let's wear them from. So is this overreable? No, Michael Jackson. Here I go. Return to Scotland. Oh, do my pull. Oh, my little suit. Here's what I'll do. How we're lucky. We've not done that yet. Where's the sheet? My god. Return to Scotland. Here, Carol. Prof. 3426, to one we've got to Mad Dog at 2. The Humper from Shula State 2 in Miami Lakes and 4 in Icecoin, Hank. That one. He knows to stay there. How lot of this place? Oh, not bad enough. We had 23 American kids die over the weekend last three days. But now the army says 7 employees of US firm are missing in Iraq. Oh, 7 employees of the American construction and engineering company, Kellogg Brown and Root, which is Halleberton of course. Our unaccounted for an Iraq, the top US general said today. We have 7 KBR employees unaccounted for us and Ricardo Sanchez. He also said 2 US troops were out of counter for it. No for the details about the troops or the missing employees. So there are people not just kind of like vanishing. Tooth it. Yeah. Did you see during all of your grief last week, did you see that the tape of the Japanese protest? No, the hostage is the pan. Oh, with the night's held of their throat. It was not good. That fun stuff. This a lot of good stuff apparently. Well, 5 6 7. I just mentioned these things in passion because they realized we got bigger and more important things to do. I'm worried about like, what's his name? Phil Nicholson one of the masters. He put the green jacket on and everyone went. Oh, yeah, I saw it on my ATT. He said I even got to see close up on him balls. Can we say that? It's so sad. Well, that's sad. I'm listening. I use to a mall. tragic. You would all your blue nose. Cool friends. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the ATT and T and for rise of wireless line. Let's get these phones hoppin baby. Let's take 45,000 calls between now and to a clock. Who is that? Although. Quite frankly, I'd rather read this next. I don't have a whole bunch of stuff here, but I got a couple of things that are must I have to do. Fact three of them must must read. Doug Thompson the day freedom of speech died in America. Perfect. He says the moralistic tight asked cretons who now run the federal government. One another one Thursday. And that great. We. We. We. Yeah. The moralistic tight asked cretons who run the federal government. One other one Thursday when clear child communications a large contributed the campaign of President George W Bush. Dumped Howard Stern from its channel radio stations because of huge fines levied by the FCC. I don't know which Schmidt had put these both those in charge of the nation's morality, but they f dot big time. You see a lot of words in there. I can't the. Oh, my guy did he say both the effort and assorted one sentence. Can we do something about this? He says. Not yet. That more on that W pointed attorney general of the west along with the brain dead he said the FCC and the ballless Greek course in Congress can at the moment sensor radio and TV airways, but not the printed word not yet. He says not yet, but John Askrock doesn't give a damn about the constitution. So you can be sure this puritanical. Whole is planning an assault on the rest of us who gave the. Have the goal to speak our minds and practice the so called constitutional guarantee of free speech. Well, he's got him on here. The ones we can't say. Askrock already has an expensive taxpayer funded operation set of in Washington with dozens of people watching dirty movies, scanning websites and examining books that they self-acquired were on pornography. We know for sure how much this Bible thumping desperate is spending on his personal war against bear boobs and dirty words, but the estimates run into millions and whenever he brings a case to trial, he usually loses. Even in this homestead of Missouri, which apparently knows Ashcroff are what he really is since they preferred to want to dead man rather than we like him. It took a jury of 12 women ages 40 to 60 less than three hours to toss out one of his cases against the video store that rented sex education tapes. But clear channels capitulation to Washington's gang of sanctum on the asypricrets shows just how out of control the whole mess has become since Janet Jackson flashed a nipple brooch in Crested boob during otherwise lackluster half time show it to Super Bowl. In the knee jerk over reactive folly that is followed the FCC threatened to find clear channel nearly half a million because Howard Stern talked about sex on his radio show and accompanied that talk with fart sounds. The fine for comes from living the maximum amount 27 five against each clear channel station for each infraction. Congress now wanted to be left behind in this war list of words he wants to raise the maximum fine to $500,000 per occurrence and that has radio and TV station scared schmittless. The sad fact is that many of these hypocrites see in their spouses bang young staffers of each other and then vote to punish others for being a moral only answer the surrealism. Television now we're scrambled away to chose kids will for broadcast to cut out anything they think might offend Washington's moralists live events are now taped the late so someone can't delete button just in case somebody says or does something sexy. Even NASCAR where the good old boys used to be able to say what they really felt about some. Who knocked him into the wall announced it would find any driver or custer and radio and TV interviews. Damn when did this nation swing back to the days of the Puritan what's next which burnings in Salem mass. And how can an administration that sends young Americans to die in a war declared by deception claim the moral high ground when it comes to TNA. When the clever way said that because he does actually say that to and ask I can still say ask. Personally I don't like Howard Stern's radio gig didn't care for when he started in Washington air flowed after one of its plans cracked in the 14th street bridge and turned call them on the air and asked what the fair was from National Airport to the bridge. But this is a nation founded on the concept of freedom and freedom. Let me say it again. This is a nation founded on the concept of freedom and free speech and stern should be free to do and say what he wants. Those who don't like it have the freedom to listen to other station just like those who don't like the fact that they use a dirty word in this column are free to other website. Yet those who claim to be patriots and love this country sit back and applaud the increasingly repressive annex of the Bush administration and do nothing as our freedoms disappeared to the toilet. Even in Iraq where we're supposed to be bringing democracy to the masses the US government shut down a dissident newspaper. How can we bring democracy to the Iraqis if we don't allow freedom to speech ourselves if freedom of speech no longer exists in this country how they how can we have sported. What a great calm I couldn't have written better myself Doug Thompson the day freedom of speech died in America's smoking ship.com. It's on our website. I's going to talk you go boy. How the hell can we export freedom of more taken into the way from the American people that's what I'd like to know who the hell. Those are just going to take the filth away from good. Maybe there's only so much freedom in the world and we're just shifting it around. Where's it going? I never thought of telling a handbag so we can follow it. 19 till one at. Damn Q.A.M. Whatever the hell it is. Most disgusting program I urge everyone to complain to this station. I'll so pop up like nothing you've seen before. Excuse me. A steam father. What is it my child? We have something I must tell you. What is it my daughter? Oh father, I'm afraid to tell you. Afraid to tell me your own father? I fear I will be ashamed upon our family. Lonsense. I am your father. I love you very much. You must tell me what is wrong. You promise you will still love me. Of course my sweet child. A father's love is not erased by a simple mislead. Very well. I am. I am pregnant. Oh I see. Did you still love me father? Of course I do. But since you are pregnant and not married. Yes father. I am afraid I must drag you down to the town square. And with the help of my friends and neighbors, I will stone you today. My daughter. If he is written that this is the punishment for what you have done. Because you check again. That's only the grounded. No. Grounding is not what. I must have used gold. It's the first step. I focus on a fundamentalist and it will always stand. Me I speak with you. My esteemed husband. This is my wife. I have something to tell you. I am having an affair. Oh, right. Yes. Are you going? I have to look back. You are collecting stones. What do you mean? Yes. I must drag you to the town square. Where are you? Of course we stone today. No be an admirer. I have followed the lives of the Fuckness and I have made. They deal with the many problems that plague them. Oh my I speak with you. My esteemed father. Yes my son. We need to stop him. Last night I used illegal drugs. Well, what do you know? You are one lucky boy. Oh, why is that father? You are going to get stone two nights in a row. You are an ungrateful boy. You are a guiding guy. The guiding guy. I just saw the location in fact there were. I mean, has there ever been this whole one. I should end a god. Has there ever been any group of people more than like 20 in the group. Didn't think that God was on their side. God is the world. The Nazi's headed on their Belmocles and WWE 2. AirBee, a country, every group of people, every tribe, God is our God, of course, that's because their ancestors invented them in the first place. So they thought, they'll approve it by going to war with you and God will help us win. Watch. That's right. Our new no-can-do nation rights marine down the New York Times. Young Americans are bravely fighting and dying in Iraq, trying to fulfill the audacious vision of George W. Devotion Dick Cheney, three-mold Iraq and the image of America. But while we try to turn them into us who have we become, the president presents himself as an avatar of American values, plain spoken cowboy and tough fly boy. But county rice is testimony on Thursday, raises the depressing possibility that we've lost the essence of our frontiers spirit. The ingenious individualists who gets around the system and faces down the drones. From Abigail Adams to Sam Sot Tom Sour, it abugs money to Jimmy Stewart's Jefferson Smith, to Indiana Jones, the best American character is plucking nimble clever and vetted. So it's disturbing to see our government reacting to crises with a jaded shrug and lumbering gate, especially since rubber against such a creative comedian like enemy. Consider the pathetic performance of NASA, which inverted its motto to failure is an option by shrugging off warnings about the safety of the 7-kilombie astronauts who burned up coming back to earth and not trying to set up a rescue shuttle. There's no-can-do spirit, Mark George Tenet's lame excuses to send it as in February, who wanted to know why the CIA never picked up the trail of Marwan Al-Shishi, the pilot who crashed flight 175 in the South Tower 9-11, even though the Germans gave the agency his name in telephone number. They didn't give us a first and last name until after 9-11 Mr. Tenet said. And what would Elliot and essay about an FBI that plus computer savvy that American pre-schoolers and Islamic terrorists? The FBI is only halfway through modernizing its computers, which could not be for 9-11-do two searches at once, such as Al-Qaeda and flight schools. Can't we draft Bill Gates for duty? This ominous passivity was threaded through the testimony of Ms. Rice a brand-en-accomplished woman who should represent the best of America. She blames his stomach and structural impediments that prevented the CIA and FBI from sharing. She complained that other people hadn't recommended what she should do, even the terrorist were faulted for not giving specifics. The screeching chatter in the spring and summer of 2001, there will be attacks in the near future that Nagyank Mr. Bush and his team from their Iraq fixation. But they don't tell us when Mr. Rice protested, they didn't tell us where they don't tell us who, but they don't tell us how, paging Nancy Drew. In conclusion, intelligence didn't bother the Bush team when it wanted to be actionable on Iraq or engage in tit for tat with Sodom. I'm sorry, engage in, fuck or tat with Sodom. The August 6, 2001 presidential daily briefing remarkably headline been lodged determined to attack inside the United States, mentioned Al-Qaeda's wanting to hijack planes and the 70 FBI field investigation did a suspected Al-Qaeda sleeper cells inside the U.S. The briefing had three-month-old information that Al-Qaeda was trying to sneak into the company for an explosive attack, no wonder the CIA chief and counterterrorisms are running around with their hair on fire. What should have made Condy hysterical she deemed historical. WKP fishing and denouncing Sodom while Condy said for a glam Vogue photo shoot and interview. On Iraq they run rough shot over the system, on Al-Qaeda, Condy blamed the system, saying she couldn't act on Richard Clark's plan until it was a strategy, a policy, tasking meetings, etc. The FBI officials with Nord Colleen Rally, she tried to break through the uptos leadership of Louis Freeze FBI to get an evidence on Zacharias Musawi and Kenneth Williams, the finest agent who outlined the Al-Qaeda plot to train Arab terrorists in our flight schools and not been held accountable. Why aren't the heroic Miss Rally and Mr. Williams running something? Dick Clark has struck a chord because his passion and efforts reflected those great American virtues of ingenuity and brashness. Even if he was a bit of a cowboy loading up his 357 side-on to return to the west wing on the 9th, 9th, 11th and at least he wasn't dosing through high noon. Just as Marie and down the New York Times it's on our website, Niorage.com, go see Victoria Principal in the all together if you want. She's old. Full to an old picture. What's so Merlin Mororos pretty old too we had her on one day last week? Right? Oh, it was probably a fake. We don't. She never did anything like that. Right. Not to old the Norma Jean. The Queen. Which ways do you care about the least is our pull quite today? Golf 162. Golf. Take a look good look at an H-D-T-V. Religion 119. Howard Stern 92. What is? I don't know why is it every time I come back for the first of the the it's strange in here. Howard Stern 92, hockey 86, the Marlin's 38, the stock market. Buck third man. Politics 166-3. Who just any forgot about it? Who cares? 560560. Are we getting a flood of call here or what? No. Isn't I was it's still gray and nasty and dark and raining and oh man. It's grayish but not like it was. Because Neil you've got to come back to South Florida for the great weather. Right. It's been great. The long story. Yeah. Yeah. Can't fix me up at the airport on Saturday. We could just about to stay even. I look up in the sky because I realize we're in what happened to the sun. And right over the city was dark and dark and dark and cloudy. I thought oh here we go again. And somehow that kind of like past. Pass over. 560560. Pound 560 on the ATT. We got some of those Marlin Championship rings. Huh? What? Well they made 50,000 of them in the overhead. 45,000 people show up. W2QAM hello. And then I think next year what we ought to do is give away if there's a lock out. Panther hockey tickets would be good too. W2QAM hello. Neil I apologize if you already talked about this but the power turns but on the 96.1 FM. Has anybody mentioned that when you get into the city down here in Miami that you can't hear the station anymore if almost like it's being injured? What do you mean 96.1? 96.1 on the FM band. What is that? What station is that? I have no idea. I just heard about it over the weekends. So like I said I apologize if anybody mentioned it but driving into work today. I have an element that's been on that station since he was caught off a clear channel. Is that a Palm Beach County station? I would have to think so. No no no no that must be the station. It must be the busiest station in a west coast. Maybe that's what it is. The body of my head is something about Naples or something. Yeah that's it. But what you hear after his show went off is almost like I don't know. It's almost like urban music. I couldn't tell you what it was but out in candle no problem. You get towards the city and and you could not hear it anymore. Well city in a little way from Naples man. Right I hear you. Much of for those dirty channels. And last week's commission hearing was that was some of the best. I mean that was some of the best radio I've heard. I mean when you think about the kind of leads as long as it's over. That was great. But listen to the lawyer. Just go after her. Yeah. Oh my god. That was a lot of the people. I mean people just need to wake up and you know either we have an inept government or a corrupt government either one and that excuse. So let's pray for us. Okay pal. We have a wave of view from the border. All right. Thank you. 560505050. Pond 560. All the AT&T. So we must be talking about the Beasley station over there in West Coast and of course the Infinity station at other stations that carry the same show for which the FCC find the clear channel stations. They're not going to get off the hook. That announcement should be coming any day. See what I'm saying. Can't wait. Wow. I'm just telling you. I don't want to see the Beasley is get fine for anything because then Booker Brian might lose that 50 bucks a week that he's getting for the extra comedy. That took me how many weeks to get them to finally cut loose with that. Well they didn't really cut loose to it but they just find a give it back. But third man. Well third week. Yeah. They finally came to them because they wouldn't stop banging away on that. I mean, you know it's ridiculous. 50 bucks. So 50. 50 dollars. Petty is even a word for it. It's idiotic. This is a company that's listed on a major's a stock exchange. Multinemillion dollar company when there are how many stations they got. That's a looping. Whatever they got. I don't know. 50 bucks. And they have to have a big solid dancing clear. It's his wine. You know I talked to Greg. I got that of course so the other one. Well Greg. It's $50. Man. Seriously, I want to tell you one thing. Yeah. If there is a heaven. They probably have a different category for different. I've got it. It is probably I have a called pansy heaven. Now I'm sure it's probably going to go there or pansy hell. One or the other. And I have a feeling I know some people are going to see what I get there. You know what I mean? It's a very fluffy cloud. Yeah. Heaven. 12.50. Well don't forget he is risen. That's what they're going to be saying. When I get up there to pansy heaven. Oh, there's Neil up there. He is risen. He's up in the sky. Hey, if you're fat, don't be like all these other people at George knows all those brothers who are dying from fat. That's just, you know, it's overwhelming to me because I'm fat. And especially right now because I'm real fat. Yeah, put out some more candy, John. Okay. The nice thing on you. He was about your shape. John or your brother, dead brother, yeah. Fan. Fat. Right. Right now, I can barely function. That's how fat I am. After this weekend, I was down like one, 93 before I came back because I made a really conscious effort. Because I was up right about the 200 level there for a few days. And then I came back and just between the race track and all the candy in the crap in my house and all of these things, here I am. Just barely hovering on it. So I'm going to pansy heaven, man. But if you don't want to go to heaven or hell, yet, if you don't want to be risen quite yet, here's the answer for you. Balance for life. It's the premier meal delivery service. It's based on his own diet. And they deliver right here door. You don't have to go shopping. You don't have to go to the store. You don't have to leave the house. All you do is fill out their menu once a week. And they deliver right here door. A little black sack inside all the food you need to keep your full and happy all day long. Three delicious meals, two gourmet snacks every day. The food is delicious. It's fresh. Nothing frozen. No added. It is no chemicals. So there's no cooking, no cleaning, no shopping, no calorie cutting. Not even any carb counting. It's the real meal delivery service that delivers results because it's based on his own diet. And people are losing an average of 12 to 18 pounds a month with balance for life. The zone diet has been proven lower your blood sugar. High cholesterol and high blood pressure too. All these things. And if you ever wanted to try the South Beach diet, here's your chance. Balance for life is the closest thing you'll ever find because it's the only meal delivery company that lets you have menu choices. Let's go from phase one to phase three of that South Beach diet. Feel the difference. See the results on the scale like right away. Save your life for a while. Save the bite of the fat. Call Balance for Life Today 1-866-2254543. How's Katrina doing by the way? That's 1-866-2254543. Or check them on the web. Balance for Life.com. Sports Radio 560-2254. You A-Y-A-Y-A. I don't listen to the one to 2-R. Wouldn't be prudent at this time. Hey, do you want a run faster? Jump higher and make the blind see again. What do you want to move like the wind? Sort like an eagle and raise people from that dead. Huh? Yeah. This is only one shoot at all. They don't do it. Air Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. Just put up. Paranth. What till do we your game is a miracle? Oh no! I'm going to make you all. I'm going to make you all. Two. What is the answer? What are you? Air Jesus. Yeah. Why? Did you just lose the button, man? Oh no. What the hell? What the hell? What the hell? What the hell? What the hell? Air Jesus. He's a superhero. Jesus lies in the soul. The petnid. Cushion Jair is filled with avion. Carefully laid it into scene. So every part of your foot is always walking on water. Sorry. Not responsible for anyone. Jair that turns to one. Come and soon. Look for the only air Jesus cross-craners. Air Jesus. The air Jesus. I'm going to make you feel like you're all again. It's 103 at 560. By request. Thanks for the facts. And a couple of things you mislicely can't be an out. Why do you are busy abaring your brother? Hmm. Board. What? It's a clearance thing. If you don't like that one, it is board. Bored. Board. Board. Board. Board. Board. Board. Board. Board. Board. Board. Board. Board. Board. That's like that. Oh, and I don't think you heard some of these other ones either. Well, then we'll get to them. We'll get to all of them. Oh, and then there's, uh, since somebody wanted us to check out that for real thing, which I can't be by the way, to my time. Uh, is this kind of kid? This is a little, uh, piece of memorabilia. 560, 50560, pound 560, on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. I dare one of you barbarians who was there fighting over the free programs at Pompo Park on Saturday. I'd dare you to call in on a show, okay? You miserable bastard you, you lunatics, you animals. Even a bunch of wild school kids crazed hot up on the oxies would never wrecked like that. You know, you can't, you can't in your wildest dreams. The only way they could have acted more psychically if they would have put out free deli out there on the counter and just and poor, uh, what's going to happen to run for a life? The parent told me, play station two distribution day at toys or else. Nothing like, and not even like this. Because that was a zoo. Yeah. He told me to do this other way. But I had to write people getting into fist fights. I got to have that for my kid. Nothing like this, right? And she kept saying, if you'll for and getting more and more fusted, and she's such a nice person. I mean, gosh. Sorry, Toby, even though I had nothing there with it, she's a sweetheart. How would you like, how would you, I mean, we got crap here. But how would you like to have to deal with that clientele? No, and I, and I, and I, and I, and I always say to her, this stuff is going on and it goes on often. I quite like this. I would say better than you than me, because I don't know, because at least I can hang up on them. How do they do with it? See, I'm old. Okay. I don't have to tell you. I'm getting, but no matter how old I might be, I try to envision myself ever behaving like that. Couldn't do it. How do you, how do you, how do you, how do you, exactly? How, what were those people like 10 years ago? What were they like 20, 30 years ago? What were they like when they were, I'm third of me. Yeah. How do you become like that? In considerate rude pushy of notches disgusting, intolerant. But he has risen. Where here's line nine, our first line nine of the day. WQAM hello. Oh, yes. I know what you mean about the old nasty people. Yeah. I work at a retail establishment. I'm not going to name it in West. Oh, right. And I get nothing but people every day saying, senior guest can't please. Yeah. And I'm just like, what is, how do you, you're just, count right up your butt? I'm telling you, man, it's just, you know, then they turn around. What do you have to be speculating elders? The word, where is that written? And what Bible is that written? Respect your elders. I respect people who act like decent people. I know. I know. It's just, it's horrible. And so far, that 96.1 station from Fort Myers has stern. You can only really get that if you live in like Wellington or Kendall or when those really BFU S suburb. Oh, who don't want to live there? No, I know. I sure sell got out of there. If you go, there's a psycholotlute13.tk that tells you basically how to listen to it, turn on the internet and all that. It's, it's very complicated. I've never tried it, but if you're really hardcore, that's the way to do it. And this is so frightening, the way that this country is gone. This is 2004. Oh, oh, wait, wait, wait, wait. My head's in here. I hate to interrupt you. But I'm so glad you reminded me of something. I don't want to hold it to go by. All these people that are cool on about Al Franken and they were America. On Friday afternoon on CNN, I wanted to cry. They had Al Franken and some wake-up old bag, some talk brought who he had those who she is to discuss the Howard Stern fine and what's going on. Al Franken, all he wants to talk about is Bill O'Reilly. You know, if you say, hey, what time is it? A Bill O'Reilly says it's, I mean, this guy is so weak and so wouldn't. Many may sell, we're looking like a Mexican jumping bean in heat. That's how boring Al Franken is. And the performance that these two bozos put on there, they had no idea what they were talking about. And Fracan, at least he said, well, I've only really been on radio eight days. And I thought to myself, good choice, Tammy, my own there talking about freedom of speech. And about what talk radio is all about. I still never understood why they didn't pick up somebody like you for that. Because I don't understand why they picked up Brandy because she didn't read it for years and years. But it does makes him, you know, Al Franken's great in all, but I don't know, whatever. He's great as a writer. He's not a broadcaster. You know, Bob Woodward, where I keep saying this over and over again. Bob Woodward's a great journalist, but as a broadcaster, he's like, Don, I'm a sin drag. Oh, there's a scary pot. Oh, I don't know what to say, man. Have a great day, Palin. Take care. Five, six, seven, five, six to you. Al Franken, oh, brother, if you'd have seen that thing on Friday, if you would, you would weep, glad it in. Oh, man, I wish I wouldn't. W to Q and hello. Q, I am. Yes, sir. Get off that speaker phone, please. Okay. There you go. I hear. I hear you. I heard you from some said, and stop Miami. And I can pick up that station just fine. But, um, and for my husband anyway, I used to be neighbors with Glen Hill. Yeah. And I was bewildered for ever. I was curious why he was a band from the show. Was it something he did or? Why he was fired from the show? Yeah. Yeah, because he'd be a star-act like a spoiled child, because he didn't like talking about the cubs, about sports, about this, and about that. And I realized that he was becoming more of an impediment than an asset to the show. And we said, bye-bye. Bye-bye, Bernie. Remember that play? Yeah. Yeah. I'll tell you that. That was probably the best part of your show was, uh, Zayton. Zayton, and uh, Katya. Zayton, sure. No question about it. Man, I tell you. On a real radio station with a real signal, with real audience living and breathing people as opposed to this place. But have a great day, pal. I saw that billboard coming to work this morning. The one on the turnpike. Oh, man, the ones hidden behind the trees, you know? They only see when you get right on top of it. What do you? Yeah. And it says, uh, WCWA, and the arages tended to listen. Uh, I thought, why? What is that, sir? I think I'm okay with these people. Huh? But what happened to the ones with a bikini plan? They're around. I see that one depends on where you're at. I see. Well, this one was sure pretty damn weak. I see the bikini one, and I see the, uh, the one of you on the, uh, on the road. But I mean, if nobody has any ID who I am or what they show us all about. Well, they go listen. What? But what would inspire them to even tune it on by seeing that thing on air? I see my ugly post. Then you can do it. Beautiful post. Oh, God. Back in the day, I want to say something about that, but I better, f*** coming up. We don't want to get mismuff, I've said to be running up on that. I'm Greg. And of course Greg's on vacation. Greg's on vacation because I guess he saw the counter. I was coming back to town this week and the. Greg hates it. That's right. Scared to death. And if I were him, if I, if I was much of a bozo as he is, see I'm the only one who's on whom and can talk about it. Everybody else is on whom, but they're a little bit a scared for their job. And I was like, hey, I was checking my stocks. Did you see them? If you're in a dead end job, if you're underpaid no for work like George and Josh and just about everybody, right? Who that's just court is, of course, not that other one. Maybe you'd like to get yourself a new high paying career, but you just don't have the cash to go to college for four years. And maybe you just don't have four years you're like to waste. Then pick up that thing right now and call one eight six six fast train. Get on the fast train. Because these people can maybe train certified for a high paying computer network professional career in just four short months time by the end of the summer. You can be fully trained already for that great great new career and get a big fat paycheck in that pocket. Fast train offers day evening. We can classes if it around your schedule no matter what it is, no matter how many drug deals you have to make. Fast train offers job placement assistance financially to people who qualify. And what's seven convenient for locations, there is bound to be a fast train close by you. So if you're sick and tired of your life being in a rut and have a no cash, this might be the answer you're looking for in just four short months. You can be on your way to a great new high paying career. Check them on the web fast train.com and then make that call a con change your life. Call one eight six six fast train. My life and law. This is for 205. City. Way to way. Way to way. This station presents real American heroes. Real American heroes. Today we salute you. Mr. Last Minute Tax filer. Mr. Last Minute Tax filer. You know exactly where you put the tax forms you were mailed in January. They're on top of the bridge. Oh, on the next stand, are they in the pile near the computer? On top of a microwave. Where the heck is that coming? Goblery, Mr. Last Minute Tax filer. You'll find them right after you called them. Make an appointment with your accountant. Sure, you'll have an opening at 9 p.m. on April 15. Oh no, the line is missing. Oh well, you'll just do your own taxes and... Get ready for the trip to Penalty today. So next time you're right holding through the junk drawer for those receipts you're pretty sure you've kept. Remember, you're not alone. You're among the millions. How to go by the name of Mr. Last Minute Tax filer. A real American hero. Mr. Last Minute Tax filer. I'm listening. Like all about a golden. Don't step on a announcer there, Maul. I'm listening. Thank you. 16 and 5, 60 WQMAD doggy 2, the number four, the big... Oh, it's 7, pretty pristine. There are no ball games today. No ball games. They, the marlins at the expo's in San Juan. Puerto Rico tomorrow. Because nobody else wants them. Which of these do you care about the least? Maybe we got to do this week every day. That's the same pool with the different list of things. Okay. What? Are you right? I just like to concept. In fact, maybe people can send in things that we're supposed to care about that we don't. One of the media keeps telling us. Like the girl in the pretended as she was kidnapped and entered, she was lying. And they made a good point yesterday, which is pretty unusual. But they made a good point on CNN. And that is always on that awful show with Howard Kurtz about the supposedly examining the media. But those are the name of that show. It's 1130 on the Sunday morning. Anyway, the point being, how come the media always seems to pick on one of these stories. And then while there might be 50,000 kidnapped or lost people out there. And kidnapped and lost and disappeared and whatever. They always pick out one that we're supposed to care about. And hundreds of them they've burned. You could just let me know. Is that what it is? Yeah. How shonder it doing? She was ugly. But then again, she was with Gary Conduitt. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line. All the media BS all the time, baby. WQA and hello. QA and? Yes. Is this how my second says? Neil. You know, I have a question concerning President Bush. Yes? And my question is this. When he does this campaign as on TV? Yeah. When he introduces himself. Because I approve this message. Yes. Is that correct, English? For him, yes. 560, pound 560 on the AT&T Verizon Wireless Line. WQA and hello. All right. Every day last week. You better get those old files back out again so we can get Ron Rounded up. Keep everybody in town safe. Roll the breeze speaking. He's at it again. WQA and hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I know the Marlon. But you know, I don't think that they're going to do very good down here. If you think it's all it's a front runner. You know, you're going to have to get that phone from the park. I've seen that. Uh-huh. 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T, all the fake voices all the time. Well, it took a lot of scissor off the air till 1040. If you'd be doing this way, you should have. You missed a lot of good dead air off the air. And now these people are making up for lost time because they missed that first 40 minutes. WQA and hello. Hey, I'll go in the office. Sure. Okay. Hey, I was looking at the bar 90 tickets weekend. And so, sir. Greg Reed goes on there first. I'm kind of proud on these days. I'm Greg Reed and I approve this message. Can you believe it? Oh, is that clever? All right. Take care of now. I'm going to need to do that. In fact, that's a good point because you ever see Greg Reed and WT together. I think it could be. Yeah. Same person. Same brain. Same mentality. Same haircut. I don't think Greg's as evil as president. Yeah. For you to be saying that is really just, and just don't forget what they're doing. They're doing something. Presidents and senators don't have men killed. Or GM's. Right. But he has risen. Keep picturing this big bat of dough. No, it's just, see, I realize that it makes me look like the bad guy in this because in, I guess they would consider well, that's a fairly innocuous thing. Why does that bother you? It bothers me when these religion is keep trying to push and push and push. Leave all of us to the salon. Nope. I can't do that. Christianity number one. Guess what number two is? Islam. No affiliation. A 4.8 million number take a guy. It's not even close. Islam, Judaism, all the way way down to where I don't have the exact numbers. But I do know a 4.8 million who are like non-believers. Second order of Christianity. And that great? That must be white so nice. There must be weather so tolerant. Okay, although they are doing a lot of swastika painting lately. But that's another story. They're just getting out of their system. But generally speaking, people are tolerant. They're friendly. They're pleasant. They're happy. They're not like grabbing you around that. I say, oh, he's risen. No, you believe it? You better believe it. Well, see, those kind of tactics went out a lot. Supposedly a long time ago. Now, business has been so bad with all these scandals and the pedophile. All this other stuff going on. All the guys stealing all the money from the church that they have to come up with a more direct way. So they're going to make you an offer you can't refuse again. It works so good the first time. Why not do it again? Fastuits. Leave us all alone with your hoax, pocus, with your gobbledygook, with your Jesus and Abraham and Holy Moses and all of this other crap. Leave the thinking people alone. And stop using your house and your car and all the other accoutrements as like a Bill of traveling billboard. I kind of welcome those signs on the cards. Do you know who to avoid? Oh, man. One nation under God. And I think she meant, oh, God. That's what she was talking about. Yeah, positive. Second leg. 560505050. Isn't that the best? We had a few of those while kind of these were satisfying too. Yeah, too bad you missed that day. Yeah, really. Now we had the quietest show that day. We had this in the back. You know, we had some other music going on. It was quite in the accomplishment. If I do say so myself. 56050505050 on a AT&T of horizon. Wireless line. Another similarity between W and Bush. Neither want to be around. I mean, W and the Gray. Permanent vacation, even Stevie Tyler's got the search party out. Permanent vacation, man. W to Q AM. Hello. Yeah, got to know. I have to introduce her. Yeah, no, that's question of how long you think it's going to be before the draft is reinstated. After Bush gets reelected if he does. You think that's that's really what it is. I think January 22nd or third, whatever day is after the inauguration. If that should happen, have them forbid. Yeah, I mean, because, you know, the thing is, let's face it. If it is reinstated, a lot of the chicken hogs are going to become more chicken than hog fish. Yeah, you know, and it's really incredible because, you know, they're not these troops over there. Right. You can't see the records they lied to them. You know, yeah, exactly. Because the funny thing I've a friend who has a son over there and she's really, really, really, how to she's more up in arms than her son as I think right now. See, when he's kid signed up for the military, they weren't told that they were signing up to be used as human slaughter. That's not what they were told to be used as like sitting ducks. And the funny thing is, you think like one of the mainstream media networks would even begin to discuss the draft. Yeah. And so, I mean, is this guy getting such a pair? It's incredible. Yes, it is. And you listen to him, you have a great time. Me too. And that's why it's so convenient for them to even clamp down more on cheap channel. You see, no matter how much money you donate to us, we're going to keep tightening the screws and tightening the screws. And they're good friends. If Fox, they don't have to worry about them. And put in a group of murder acqua is direct TV that he's bought out. You know, pretty soon they're going to be like two one or two sources of all the news, which is why they closed down that new that she eyed newspaper in Iraq. We were going to be free to them in the speech, but only if we approve of it. And you notice how well that went over to, by the way, freedom to agree with us. Yes. We just can't understand why they hate us so much. They're not bringing us to flowers and candy that rumbs felt promised us. We're there for their own good. That's right. They're just too stupid to realize it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the 8. And this is, and those people will say, I'm just the connection between Vietnam. 10 Kennedy as usual. He had a stomach on it. He wanted to very few that had the guts. Joe Biden, man, you're just another whimp. Just another wish he was she Democrat. The, it's not only the parallels, it's almost dizzy. We're all over again. Get you into a crack. My way. No business being there based on lies. The Gulf of Tonkin resolution weapons a mass destruction that don't exist. And then Bush is making a joke out of it. He's looking under the table. He's looking at, oh, no weapons over here. It's a joke. You talk about an insult to the parents of the kids who are dying over their every day and who's lives are by the line. I mean, I don't see him over there. I don't see his damn drunken daughters over there. Air every day, more and more kids are dying. And the public is waiting to find those weapons. They don't even talk about that anymore. Now it's going to be this great glorious freedom. Operation Iraqi freedom that the media was peddling at Bull Krapman really realized that the whole thing was based on a lie. They ought to be doing documentaries every day. They ought to be interrupting network programming to put on the real the truth. Look at all the 58,000 kids came home and body bags in Vietnam because of the same damn Spinalist media. And if it wouldn't have been for the kids on a college campuses and a few people would go to like John Kerry who came back and said that it was insanity and slaughtered. Who knows how long is this? They still might be over there killing each other. Madness. And for what? The strut touched the strut, the spread of that evil, comic, pinko empire. The Phantom. Yeah, whatever happened to them. Asked a poll, Piltania. He's too busy stopping sickle, stem cell research. Hmm. He will Satan. That's right. Stop in a fag merges because the fags over there in a Vatican. They went all the hot looking, the swish guard for themselves. That's what I think they're afraid of. They want to keep them all of themselves. 26 past one at five, 60 WQM. But again, I'm farting in a windstorm. Why don't we do that? Especially since we're not allowed anymore. Can't do it. No more farting in a windstorm. Or underwater. It makes that oil and when you're in a shower. Oh, I take back everything I said about what an enjoyable pursuit that is man. Cutting the cheese in the shower. Especially hot steamy shower, but it really is great. What? It is. It happens to me. Oh man. I don't know why that is. I just don't understand you, but I don't know. I'm going to walk into like into the gym. We're all the fags hang out into the gym. If you're walking to there, and somebody else would have just cut some bad shit. Oh my god, you'd be swimming. See, I'll never be able to figure that out as long as I live. But when it's your own. Better get away from that. That's extra-terri activity you're talking about. Okay, sorry. I didn't say it. 26 past one at five, 60 WQM. It's the last mortgage you'll ever need. The only one mortgage from financial group. The benefits are incredible. You pay zero closing costs. Zero application fee. Zero credit fee or fee zero discounted points. Get the new low interest rate. Just 1.25%. If you have a hundred thousand dollar loan you pay just 334 a month. A 200 thousand dollar loan you pay just 668 a month. And by the way, nice job at the Harold Glenn Garvin. What a job he's doing. Covering all this stuff. And don't forget, once you're be financially into a new home mortgage from financial group, you'll never ever pay closing costs again. So what's not to like? Call tool free 1-866-395land. With that low rate mortgage you deserve. Then move the next property with no further cost of expense. You pay zero underwriting fee zero dot fees. Zero closing costs. Even when you move your answer to another property. Get that new low financing rate of just 1.25%. It's the only one mortgage from financial group. No obligation if you make that call. They'll spend day out works. Call today and never pay closing costs again. 1-866-395land. 1-866-395LA and the the Renekal Housing lender. Relations apply rates subject change monthly 4.21 APR and Jseer is get serious. 1-866-395land. 1-866-395land. 1-866-395land. 1-866-395land. 1-866-395land. 1-866-395land. 1-866-395land. 1-866-395land. 1-866-395land. 1-866-395land. 1-866-395land. 1-866-395land. 1-866-395land. 1-866-395land. 1-866-395land. 1-866-395land. 1-866-395land. 1-866-395land. 1-866-395land. 1-866-395land. 1-866-395land. 1-866-395land. 1-866-395land. 1-866-395land. 1-866-395land. 1-866-395land. 1-866-395land. 1-866-395land. 1-866-395land. 1-866-395land. 1-866-395land. 1-866-395land. 1-866-395land. 1-866-395land. 1-866-395land. 1-866-395land. 1-866-395land. 1-866-395land. 1-866-395land. 1-866-395land. 1-866-395land. 1-866-395land. 1-866-395land. 1-866-395land. 1-866-395land. 1-866-395land. 1-866-395land. 1-866-395land. 1-866-395land. 1-866-395land. 1-866-395land. 1-866-395land. 1-866-395land. 1-866-395land. 1-866-395land. 1-866-395land. 1-866-395land. 1-866-395land. 1-866-395land. 1-866-395land. 1-866-395land. 1-866-395land. 1-866-395land. 1-866-395land. 1-866-395land. 1-866-395land. 1-866-395land. 1-866-395land. 1-866-395land. 1-866-395land. 1-866-395land. 1-866-395land. 1-866-395land. 1-866-395land. 1-866-395land. 1-866-395land. 1-866-395land. 1-866-395land. 1-866-395land. 1-866-395land. 1-866-395land. 1-866-395land. 1-866-395land. 1-866-395land. 1-866-395land. 1-866-395land. 1-866-395land. 1-866-395land. 1-866-395land. 1-866-395land. 1-866-395land. 1-866-395land. 1-866-395land. 1-866-395land. 1-866-395land. 1-866-395land. 1-866-395land. 1-866-395land. 1-866-395land. 1-866-395land. 1-866-395land. 1-866-395land. 1-866-395land. 1-866-395land. 1-866-395land. 1-866-395land. 1-866-395land. 1-866-395land. 1-866-395land. 1-866-395land. 1-866-395land. 1-866-395land. 1-866-395land. 1-866-395land. 1-866-395land. 1-866-395land. 1-866-395land. 1-866-395land. 1-866-385land. 1-866. 1-866-3066. 1-866. 1-866-6975land. 1-866- longue reviewers. 1-666-395land. 1-866-40Learning. 1-866- longue designers. 3-866-4011land. 2-666-40160. 1-866- gratis. 1-866-59AI. 1-866-376397 Land. 1-866-385land. 3-866-395land. 1-866-3966. 1-866-49 ba. 1-866-3866. 2-days. 1-766- Gerald. 1-1-666-wort. who's now two or not. Not. Why he's bulking up for the a famine, you know? 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. W.B.Q.A.M. Hello. Good afternoon, Mr. Neel. Good afternoon, Mr. Carl, how you doing? All right, I just had three quick things I wanted to ask you. No one will own it. No one will own it. Lab Friday for the first time in a long time I listened to Phil Henry. And he does a commercial now where he's saying Rush Limbaugh's change is mind on everything. And he's helped him with his broad kept in Korea. Are you sure? Like that. He never used to say stuff like that. No, he's he sold a sold of the devil. He's become a right wing Iraqi. That's all. And then tragic on W.I.O.D. when they say W.O.D. is a commercial. When they say the oh, they say the oh, they you do. I heard about that. They still are. Oh, I heard that. W.I.O.D. Oh, I hate that station. Yeah. Well, see, they fight with still laying around in their computers. There's why I guess they decided they were going to go in there and start using some of that crap. Oh, it won't help. They're still as boring as the dog stuff. Anyway. I got you. And number three, that one I forgot what I was in the face. So that's all I have. Have a nice day. Thank you so much. Yeah. W.I. Oh. D. Like that's going to really spice it up. That's going to make your station interesting. I don't think so. You cheap channel clowns. It's going to make them think you're still on there. Oh, is that it? I don't think so because just like I said, only moments ago, even at the guy from Don and Mike W.I.O.D. Oh, I hate that station. You almost have done, uh, do you want to know? Oh, Geronimo. Ha ha ha ha. How can you forget? Woo. Man, were they good or what? Don and Mike. Wow. Yeah, even Mr. Retardo, they're new that. 560560. How 560 on the AT&T of a rise of a rise of a rise of a rise of a rise of a rise of a rise of a rise of a level. We want to get to about 40, 50,000 calls between now and two or five, even though we're up against Al Franken. Seriously, his performance on Friday on CNN, it left me wanting to weep for hours. By the time he, he's just, uh, uh, thunderhead. He's not spontaneous. I mean, a lot of people can write very well, very funny, very critical, uh, but she's and keep in mind speaking of script, what the first day on a air, he wrote everything out long. He might even still be doing that. Oh, god. Good evening, everybody. My name is Mike Spendow. We're going to be doing trivia tonight that reading it off of paid. And that's the, that's the highly talented Al Franken. Al Franken. WQM. Hello. And I think that if Al steps on a mess, you know, like on a sidewalk, he thinks Bill O'Reilly left it. They're just for him. I don't want to say his paranoid to him and say his whole life is the anti-bill Riley. And I hate to break the news to you, but Bill O'Reilly, uh, like the impact he's making in this market, you couldn't find his rating with a search party. He doesn't even exist. He's on, but nobody knows it. See, Al, you're supposed to be on as the anti-Rush, not the anti-bill O'Reilly. The anti-Rush, but even so. Yes, people who want to listen to Al's show don't listen to Bill O'Reilly. Right. Or care about them. Right. So I don't want to hear somebody talking about how many are there. God, third man. WQM. Hello. Yeah. WQM. Hello. Wow. What a rush. WQM. Hello. They doing well. Pretty good. It has some information. I'm, uh, are you still pumping the FCC website? No. Uh, okay. I'm, uh, I guess information. Okay. Thank you. Yeah, person, Lincoln's got a bad headache. Let me say again. I'm not going into jumping into bed with a guy who won't tell us his last name. And I noticed to be sponsored as fall off to almost nothing. I mean, we're else could somebody find a gift horse talking about or looking to give to us up the, uh, but here we were going to raise him, uh, thousands of dollars. Putting money out of our own pocket to get the things started. Put an ad in the most widely read nationwide news paper to promote his website to get the American people whipped up into a frenzy about this. And like, oh, well, uh, you know, I got more signatures than you got dollars. Did you know that was his line to Eric? No. Yes. Well, that's right. This all came down like after, uh, with you, or Friday. Yeah. I got more signatures than you got dollars from the worst it right now. Meaning beside. I don't know. Yeah, exactly. Meaning that he's in the closet. He don't even want to tell us behind the scenes. What he is. And I'm going to raise money for an ad for a guy. Do we? What what happens if he disappears off the face of the earth? What happens to those signatures? Even if he didn't get his million signatures or whatever he's got. See what I'm saying? That's like, uh, the Camille's house. Remember that? That that would be like a QAM putting on their website. Some funny, volony auction when people think the money's going to charity. And it goes in their pocket of the beeslies. That's what that would be like. Some kind of a bait and swish deal. We don't do bait and swish on a show. Just the swish. And it's clearances sitting in our and his little dairy ear. Think of that in June when the beeslies want to run that scam again, then I'm going to be promoting an on this show. Well, guess what's we'd already. No chance. No chance in your pants. Okay. I'm sure there will be promas. All right. Hey, what? Whatever. I don't care. But the shirt is how won't be read by me. Or you. No. No chance. That's a good one. Or Josh. Almost as the word's simple. Yeah. Think of cut a sin. Well, think about it. Yeah. Because that when I think it's clear, that's what I think of real simple. Don't you? Well. And don't forget. Very nice. Can we? Yeah, sure. So what I heard. Want to be. He's a want to be. He's a little sports nerd. Yeah. We're going to put him in that office that paper mache desk where he'd have used to sit in there. And we're going to give him a title. And he's going to sit in there. He's going to be a program director. Oh. Aren't you impressed? Sure. Yeah. I mean, during these tough times, we jack-o. Okay. We don't need a, uh, uh, some kind of a funny, dirty, consuliery. We need a wartime consuliery. A kid curry. Wasn't it good that I knew not to take calls when he told me that the delay was out. I'm proud of myself. Mm-hmm. Give me that. Look up. There you go. Nice going, Neil. Pass that test. 21 till 2 at 5. 60 WQAM. Hey, have you been putting off that home improvement dream because you're afraid of a home improvement nightmare instead? Well, then if you want sweet dreams, design concept builders is your answer. Design concept builders have been one of the top home remodlers in South Florida since 1983 for the following reasons. There were 100% customers satisfaction with their no excuses policy. They refused to have any unhappy customer. They are for quality work fair price and design concept builders exclusive five year labor warranty. So I take the risk of a nightmare on that new addition to your home kitchen bathroom windows any other project. Call design concept builders nine five four seven one eight sixty seven sixty six run the internet. It's design concept builders.com. That's design concept builders. The numbers nine five four seven one eight sixty seven sixty six financing available with no payments for six months with a proof credit. You can also get a 10% discount on all your modeling through the end of April. Only would design concept builders. And this is building I have to squeeze my legs to low up my voice. We're here to tell you where to build a new method. We become one of the most robust trendy economies from the Washingtonyard making withige and about the WQAM online auction. Yeah! Why it's just like Leibabin. Holy, it's manly sports stuff. Like, your manager's old cleats. Size 19. Yeah, I'll show you a road in your rental cake. You used by your favorite on your side. A pair of louens is Rene Nylon. And I'm claimed you are rebasing found on the Men's Room floor. Oh! Well, interest me just what my is with a giggly bimbable named Joy. This guy in your main bones. Let's see if I can roll. Yeah! And tell these men who... Wait a minute, I want that! Did I mention my personal IcD and God's smart. And he never heard of that smart. And... And God! Oh yeah, no! Keep 40 years of work on it. More fun. More fun. I'm a good one. I'm a good one. I'm a good one. The 560 online auction. All proceeds will go directly to the Benton stretch, Beats for the sky stand on. Tiffy Toes, way up high. Foundation. It's the 145 at 560 WCM. Now, Charles and Diffield Beach, who generally is a pretty good fancier. He says in defense of Howard Stern on not a stern fan. CNN reported the other day. The church had a lot of contributed in George Bush's relation campaign. But that their contribution was 24 times the amount contributed by any other communication company in the country. We already gave the numbers with like 800 grand. In light of this, during allegations that he was on the course of the day, he was on the course of the day. He was on the course of the day, because of his anti Bush comments. Couldn't possibly have any murder. Now, could they? They might or they might not. That's not the point. See, the issue again, unfortunately, because of his massive ego. The issue is Howard Stern. The two guys named Lada just got can't. But the love sponge and Tampa, he got can't. Not to mention the chilling effect that is on radio shows all over the country. Including this one. Although we'll, we'll take our way through. I'm chilling. Yeah. The issue I keep trying to tell these people is not about Howard Stern. It's about freedom of speech. And as big as he may be in his own mind, or otherwise, the constitution and the bill of rights. And the first amendment is a little bit more in part than Howard Stern, or anyone radio show. Charlie, So get with it. Here's the poll question today. Which of these do you care about the least? 714 votes. Golf 204 to which I say. A red choice. We're legit right on golf's ass. 157. Hockey 122. Howard Stern 122. The Marlins only 48. See they love the Marlins. We win a lot. And give us a bunch of free stuff. Anybody want those free rings? We got it. What do we got around? About 30 minutes. I got left in some in here. Stock market 38. Politics 8 and sexually 5. Well, you know, we got some old colleges. They were probably waiting for the free program at Pompano Park Saturday night. If I lived to be a thousand, which I never would. But if I live another 100,000 years, I could never possibly see such a display. Such a grotesque display of lunacy by a bunch of people old enough to know about it. You know what I was talking about? Sure. They're old enough to know better. Use it on the children. I mean, how old do you have to be to know better? I would say, But third of me. Yeah. At the top. Once you get to be 70, 80, 110, you should already be long since old. Maybe they're old enough to forget. That must be it. Maybe that is. Yeah. I've never got like Reagan. Give me a break. Okay. The next time I see this display like that, I'm calling to riot police. Okay. I'm calling the Yenta police. I'm going to bring the Yenta police right out there to the track. And put on a scene to lecture what you ate never seen. Maniacs from win more in cemetery, and you wonder why people hate this town? The ones who do including me? This is not a civilized place. This is not a place where you can see the city. And I'll say it again. I sympathize. Anybody out there's got to work with that element of people. My heart felt some of these go out to you. How could that? I see it Toronto just using example because I do live there a big part of the year. There are people of all ages. Like they're not they're not like jammed all into these onclaves. And these you don't have the condo commandos. It's a whole state of mind where they see the world. And they live in breathing place. People are congregated into ACLFs and condo. And they're not like that. And they're not like that. And they're not like that. And they're not like that. And they're not like that. And they're not like that. And they're not like that. And they're not like that. And they're not like that. And they're not like that. And they're not like that. And they're not like that. And they're not like that. And they're not like that. And they're not like that. And they're not like that. And they're not like that. And they're not like that. And they're not like that. And they're not like that. And they're not like that. And they're not like that. And they're not like that. And they're not like that. And they're not like that. And they're not like that. And they're not like that. And they're not like that. And they're not like that. And they're not like that. And they're not like that. And they're not like that. And they're not like that. And they're not like that. And they're not like that. And they're not like that. And they're not like that. And they're not like that. And they're not like that. And they're not like that. And they're not like that. And they're not like that. And they're not like that. And they're not like that. And they're not like that. And they're not like that. And they're not like that. And they're not like that. Well, you had kind of a yeasty complex in any way. What was Jewish? Fine. Yeah, figures. Fives say I said yeasty not pasty. And that's right. It wasn't Irish. Maybe it's yeasty. I guess the Irish here pasty be all in. Of course, when the poor cap starts melting, well, that's another story. There won't be no more Ireland anyway. Right. Or Florida. Right. Or Holland. Better go over to Netherlands. Right now. Go to Amsterdam. You better get to good crap. I'll tell you because once the water rises about two inches, that'll be the end of that. Do you know that that whole country is built on nothing. It's below sea level. Yeah. I'm gonna have more than canals, dice. Aw. Here we go. Here's the magic sound. You'll hear next time George Wix is slipping the tongue. Yeah. There is the judge. He stand on their fec, y'know. He's waiting because he fingers his nose hockey season next year. So he's waiting for something else to do. So he just hangs around sitting in the other room. Yeah, he's got his finger on it. For two years at least 2 years. years at least two years maybe three years now he's been like a vulture like a vulture hovering over the ghost of the judge's McDonald hoping that the old conquer would croak well they didn't croak retired okay they made a big deal about him and they had ceremonies and the islanders did this and then he's pot-fandered that still a little hack although I'll tell you one thing at least he tries to make the game exciting if he knew what was going on it would be a lot better at least he tries to get excited little animated as opposed to david boring who gets a he gets just a scholarship on this they think it's a free pass no matter how coma inducing he might be and I hear him every now and then I'd open up the pot to see what the score to game is and he just continues talking in a stentorian tones just awful Dave go back on the internet where you belong ten minutes till two or five sixty wqm lobster fish is back at the animal coast if you've never been there you don't know what you're missing this is no ordinary Asian buffet their services unbelievable and you'll never leave out an empty stomach I guarantee of that I'll bet you the great reads life on it and because it's the spring with all the spring breakers out their kids six and under eight for free at the animal coast in addition animal coast still offers all their sensational mouthwatering dishes they got six different soups dozens of suck of the mantris like New York strip made ward and their sizzling Asian we're along with new who-known fish enjoy main lobster thermistor style Jonah crab oysters on a half shell if you still have room sampler handcar primary in the new Thai specialties and you'll never walk out of the animal coast with a pounding headache from MSG because guess what they don't use any MSG no cornstarchs no crap and they cook only with cholesterol for yours too the buffet features a full salad bar full Chinese food line up the brand new sushi bar and fresh oh that's right yeah I'm ready to get them to see it that a cocktail see and because you deserve it animal coast has a dessert station if you really a major major pig like most of us you're a QM featuring bells and waffles and pies in case pastries ice cream with all your favorite toppings even fresh fruit it what a feast it's just unbelievable everything is fresh to you love it animal coast relocations for you sunrise sunny hours pember pines so take the whole family of bookiness business lunch and right now and don't forget to fill out a membership card to see get monthly newsletters as well let our friends at the animal coast cook up a storm for you and Richard at the Mocosa's goalie of scot and I'd be game take on delivery always available to call 954 5723822 954 5723822 for the amazing unbeatable animal coast Chinese buffet so which is You can ever see that all the do on the things go to sacred ground And I'm part of the time story of being a branch Got the game guys and games from his old man That should tell you where the hell is in there Booch that's all around the bush It's just a lie that plays the ush key Same as old girl from New York That game is a crazy queen Michael Palmon and over in the moon that And let me find it beside that we showed that He has a mind little five year old man I let you turn from six in so bad He's a grandfactor real kid alone now That's you the god that he got from his death He got a boy that's dead she see Man, no one will kill you to do that to you That's your old who is much of a village He's a home that's up on the moon with death I don't want the baby shit, yo kid Michael Palmon and over in the moon That he even likes when he saw when he danced On the board when it would be a delylon impact