Look on the bright side, Joe. This is the only place when things are bad. That's good. Hi boy, you first dude. Wow. Hi, how are you doing, honey? Hi. You're still a friend, so I'm gonna be an artist. You're this is my most state of the women address. I know a few girls who've thus never really have. But no one's here to tell you about you. You're not. They used to wear makeup and wear boy pants. But when I looked at them, they were under much bias. Wow. You're playing your spaceship. Wow. You're playing your stuff. So, Paul Jones, you got a new nose. My dominant dress. You're the one who made me a girl. Oh, stop. Wow. You got the right way. You got the touch. You got the girl. You got the girl. I'll work here all right. But now we're giving you a red or a man. The love. All right. Don't let go impress me. Yeah. And I'll walk right here. Once you're alone, Joe. I'd like you to remember this. See how the safe-ray corridor that she kept on her phone. And after she ached, she was very remote. She got herself some life on her door. And I'll tell you, Doug. But she still has ugly eyes on her. I can't talk. You're a world. So, why'd she stop that spaceship? Wow. She's like she's a better girl. So, when the trip got some surgery, then no impress me. You got the right way. You got the touch. You got the girl. You got the girl. You got the girl. You got the girl. You got the girl. But now I'm giving you a red or a man. All right. Oh. But now I'm crushing! You got the body. Now they have about this guy's way. A vain-joking girl with a purple bride. But now I'm getting glass, now we play the night. Well the sacred meetings are rough, I'm a hardcore nerd, I could've told you, well, general, how does it score? World, life, life, life, life, life, life, life, life, life, life, life, life, life, life, life, life, life, life, life, life, life, life, life, life, life, life, life, life, life, life, life, life, life, life, life, life, life, life, life, life, life, life, life, life, life, life, life, life, life, life, life, life, life, life, life, life, life, life, life, life, life, life, life, life, life, life, life, life, life, life, life, life, life, life, life, life, life, life, life, life, life, life, life, life, life, life, life, life, life, life, life, life, life, life, life, life, life, life, life, life, life, life, life, life, life, life, life, life, life, life, life life, like, life, tomorrow, life, life, life, I leave, I message my name from my family in the environment, back behind you, my father in the cave and I am by the earth how a hell are you going to be a senator from the art good? Good прекрас and Gold! Helpunkd bub! Where are the heads? God have you got the toys? God have you rolled my沒有 When your aura The bat suka man The man have the M llev my homo My Norman Gros curl and Box sendin the blame on his scarf I love you! So, do you know 4 or 5, 16, nobody can have me Friday too? I'm sorry, miserable Friday too. Oh, Joe, doesn't understand it after all these usual things that the blockhead would understand that when things go bad and this time that's what they thrive on. Like my mother and your mother. Yeah, they're professional victims. She's empowered by that. Oh, it's so terrible. Well, that's great, that's why you're happy. Anyway, this is quite a story here before we do anything else. This overhead sounds about his punky as it ever has. This is just bizarre. Yeah, that's quite got the echo cheer. Roya, you say. Oh, yeah. Kill! Wait a minute, do it again. Kill, I've pod. Kill mom, but don't hurt TV, team tells hitman. I saw that. We got a great story. A Florida team charge with having an undercover policeman, the shooting killer's mother, instructed a reported hitman, not to damage the 50 team either in the attack. Sorry, sorry. Did they add a boy? Well, they got a big 52 and Sony or something. Police in the Southwich and Florida City of Fort Myers, it says here, well, this is CNN and made national. Arrested, the boy's 17 year old Carlos Tereisa, uh-oh, beiner, Tuesday on a charges soliciting commit first of remirters. Tip by an informant Tereisa had offered to pay to have his mother killed an undercover company taking a pose to somebody when he knew the job. Today, so often, the detective took grandday expected to inherit from his mother's back account and given the keys to the family apartment, a map of the apartment, the police reports said he asked that the shooting didn't look like a burglary. Carlos did and didn't want anything to happen to the television. He just had to sit there rest of your report. Police arrested the team to meet you, laughed at the meeting with the detective and mother was on a harm. Police spokeswoman Carol Witton said the motive was related to domestic problems within the family, but declined to a library. Don't hurt the TV though, okay. All the way, mom. Maybe the TV unscathed, please. We've got some good crap coming on. It's like a video where we just watched. Which I guess is college. I had to leave the really. I don't know. I didn't watch it. It was just too far away, you know. Look, too much imagination. Well, that's probably because John Ashcrub, I'd have been monitoring it. Now the overhead is like, don't even mess with it. I didn't touch elementary school lockdown and Zerson good news for anybody died. In fact, I don't think anybody died. I'm looking on there right now. The bad news is that all these troops in their families are just falling apart the seams together. Oh, you're leaving. They had buses that were pulling up. They're a lot of them. They were getting on to leave. They said, oh, I surprised. Not so fast. Right. You're just going to be another 90 days at least. Double-luck you know after 90 days. So people are like crestfallen. You know, you watch the date on the calendar, you're right. The days on the wall, like on death row. He made it. He's not dead. Yeah. Well, guess what? He's got another chance to be able to set human sacrifice. Don't let me forget to tell a story about that old friend of mine. I don't want to say who it is or whatever because he's a good guy, but so misguided. That he's so badly. I just, actually a part of in smart at a fed him like a sandwich. Oh, because he's just enormous. I can't a human big good guy, but I mean, so it's huge to put him over the edges. Oh, you're right. Yes. But I would've been one last vote for Bush, but I mean, another Jew for Bush. Because it's good for Israel, getting the side of my dance. Good for Israel. I said, don't be a young boy. Okay. Yes, good for Israel that every Arab in the world is not like just foaming it to mouth and wait till I kill anybody who comes near him that doesn't look like another one of them. Yeah. That's good for Israel. Sure. But anyway, that's what he said. That was his rationale. He's fighting the fact that he's very concerned about John Ascroft and all the bootstophing and all the censorship and all this, the fact that the W is just a front man and a bosom. All of these things he agrees with, but you know, Kerry has an impressive very much. He's very concerned about Kerry because the Iraqi tech was good for Israel. Oh, I see. Well, the more Arabs that die, all he's doing is just rationalizing why he's going to vote for Bush again. That's all. Don't have to make excuses, my friend. Just go and cast your vote. You got blood on your hands. Maybe that's why God is punishing you with all the excess weight. Is everything about that? That's a good pert. Yeah. I'm punishing him because he's ballooned up like a bull photo. Oh, God. I will, friend. But anyway, good luck to you. I'll lock down at a Miami Elementary School ended without incident this morning flag Gami Elementary was locked down for ten minutes this morning police were dispatched to the campus at 9.20 SouthWatts 76th Avenue in Prisigia's Miami. After reports, witnesses in Cine Manitoring the school possibly wearing a pouch containing bullets. The locked on ended shortly before 9.30 after school officials discovered that witnesses in Cine Apparent who works elsewhere as a security guard taking his child to school. The parents were wearing a pouch related to his job. There was no danger to students at the school. The locked on was the second as many days. Yesterday, sent any little school in Miami was locked down for three hours after witnesses driving by the school reported seeing a man in the school who looked like a covered rifle. The government turned out to be a thirteen year old student who had taken a rubber band shooter to school. The seventh grader was placed in juvenile detention and charged with taking him up in a school ground and disruption of school function at the junction. Little bit of a jitters. The incident's came amid increased jitters across my master's student was standing in a family through where we know that her when to school test story. But every time you see a little something out of you and you're not going to get over react and she had a chance to have a pancake that I was shaped like a duck. I'm not nice or she's out here today. Little busman's holiday there. Why should he be in different from anybody else? Man, I'm telling you something. This was the inspiration for my first holiday we're doing too. But there's just nobody here. No. Have I always said for the last 500 years that every year, Easter and Pace-Off time as soon as that's over they started bailing out a hair like there's a bomb scare? I mean, the weather's still good. Yeah, if it's nice now, it's really nice. Nice and cool. Not real, right? You mean? Did you go tan in yesterday like you said you were going to know? No. But I am tanner than I was yesterday. Well, it is right. Tanner and her daughter's a lot of no more and we are the tanner building. Tanner building? Yeah. Yeah. In 1981 votes on yesterday's poloma too bad. We better do the break though. Because we have many fish to fry. Got two poles to work on today. And a lot of your very uplifting calls too. I'm so excited. I'm so excited. I'm so excited. I'm so excited. I'm so excited. I'm so excited. I'm so excited. I'm so excited. I'm so excited. I'm so excited. I'm so excited. I'm so excited. I'm so excited. I'm so excited. Call men ho min? Right here. With 36 seven age,O. Home over Call men ho min? Let me talk about Stephen Mayevyn Steve. Hey, Ty. Well, ago, video from Ariana TV. The fastest season 13 Ferrari event. Baton! The 절�is. The guy you take the 있 the And 20th obviously it managed it but pro that's 175% Why don't you be quenching to me? Would you be kidding me? Be what? Evan! Evan I said you'll be in it! Well now I'm not ignorant Boy, I'll play Paul Fetchin' O'Babe Ball In the third world cause you get mad at my son Did you? Well actually I- Darrymanet! I'm playing in it! Darrymanet! Are you getting mad at me? What are you mad at me? I'm mad at you! I'm mad at you! Oh, oh my homie! I'm the girl! I'm a gate G! Darrymanet! I'm right! It's uh... And don't forget 567-08-56y 1015-562-WQA and we got Shannon The Elizabeth behind to be decirited today We're over the day to 110. That's a good picture That is a-and if we get anybody complaining about that picture We'll be shot Let's be the heart if you head one We want to see he's on the road! We want to see him! We want to see him! We want to see him! We want to see him! Do you hear what he just said? Darrymanet! See there goes your alarm Whatever you said we understand it If we don't understand a Michael Powell and Michael Cops and Jonathan Adelstein Understand it And can't believe whatever that picture is name is Anyway, I saw a tell me this morning I keep mentioning that Why haven't seen him in a very long time? Adley said I kept talking about that panther thing He said better beat better but he's been hovering for quite some time Also, I'm on a while of apologizing We tracked what I said yesterday about more about him He's six months or so We go through this and I'm on try and you got to admit I'm a kid and effort Because you're a softier, nice guy Well he made the effort Allegedly that last time But I got sucked into that because I'm really stupid But... That's a loot yeah I mean he's just... I thought from listening On a year That I'm listening Maybe he had mellowed a little bit Just calm down a little Decided to be part of a human race We have to remember of our dysfunctional family But he evidently behind the scenes Continues being just as dysfunctional as ever Everyone says Not anybody in particular But nevertheless So the fourth annual Jaldi's gang Golf Plastic is coming up May 14 At the Mcassoukey Indian Joy What are vivo's gonna be there? And if you want to get tomorrow For one, go to wqm.com Click on words as events It costs 85 bucks Lunch dinner and golf You can call 954 431-0859 To add more info on it 954 431-0859 And benefits under privileged kids in South Florida This isn't one of those beasely scams Or Jaldi's gonna be out there raising money It's gonna go into the beasely pocket for another Revenue stream No This is for really good cause Which is why he's doing it Mind promoting it And if it's under privileged kids in South Florida So when I go on Jaldi I'll put that over there and leave it to for you Okay Well I'll put it my thing How's that? So we keep promoting Because it's gonna Anyway, channel isn't that it's behind to be Recurting today If you got lots of ID Lots of time on your hands And keep your hands above the table My suggestion is probably get a couple of those fake hands Right You're like that at the heart Sure Okay, remember when they pull up dogs you got in a closet Bring that baby up And just kind of like Like nail it to the Fingner Tail it to the counter Wherever you're a PC is sitting in the monitor And just nail it right in front of their So John asked, go to every time he looks So think that your hands are above the counter Well no that's a good idea The only thing is to go on right now Well the poker players use us Right And they're a little underhanded Shannon Elizabeth's under today What a fabulous picture If I do say so my sushi was once at September 7th, 1973 in Houston Find a guy somebody on their Born in USA But I don't know we had a run of people For whatever reason It's just a coincidence For sure Born abroad We don't have any Scrimmers Born abroad and Turned to Newer Guy Channel is bit like I just got to say Why don't I do that again? Many biography Then they repeat the same in full on IMDb. They're pretty good But he is filming a movie called Cursed Yeah It's the most Howard David in story That's moved her She's going to write now John's in family vacation James Bond of low 7 everything We're nothing Love actually Crooked e the untreated truth about N-RON J and son of Bob strike back American pie two Tom Cancey-Vick's scary movie American pie one dying to live Living to die Seemless kids ruled Dishdogs, Blade Squad, Jack Frost Blast and on on on She's just she's been all kind of stuff How old is she 33 36 That old? Almost 37 What a grandma 36 and a half Channelers Channelers Honey like that she still is not on a whole That picture is that you dug up on here But it looks pretty interesting to me Probably fake Anybody else not only who is unhappy with any of the pictures On our beinged curtain which we think is a Squizzed and very very tasteful If you've pardoned that expression Will be shot Anybody who's cut accuses any of those pictures of being fake And not real will also He shot several times Convurious parts of the body You know what I mean? Blackcomb Yeah They're two 1981 votes How much have we got 2,000 now? Cause I've printed this out while ago Uh, dude, oh my god 2024 Holy moly Our poll question yesterday Was which of these people offend you the most? Which of these people make you want to say Yeah Which is the South Florida, I've been waiting When the great thing I can still say that I felt very comfortable saying that too I didn't feel like we didn't ask if we could Oh, can we say that, Clarence? No, oh It's the South Florida Wait Which of these people offended the most? I forgot to book service on it It's been interesting that now that Muff is taking the day off The day when the pink guy yesterday And I commented about how Clarence is forehead Was like all pink and red, isn't it? And he's probably all inhaled it, huh? Yeah, that pink guy And to these white Cause Muff ain't here to get them all pinked up Religious fanatics Bung these people big time, he took a thousand and twelve Fifty percent even Steven out, nice man Twenty four votes, thousand twelve right down the middle Religious fanatics, he is risen Right, wingers 385 And like I said, there's a lot of crossover there But we had a, you know, have categories Siguretsmokers 88 The homeless voice people They made a very very incredible on here They came from nowhere, it was a lady-looking We apologize for not putting them out of the beginning Homeless voice, those golf holes had 76 Those sweet corner holes Old Jews had 70 And don't forget our new model here at QAM Don't be a yenta, please Limwell 64 Patient drivers 57, old Cubans 56 Same car, anyway Illegal aliens 54 Blacks 53 Trailer Trash 27 Fagx-19, ATUS-18 White people 16, those damn white people Man they all look the same to me Golfing at X12, sports nerds 11 Fitness nuts 5, Jamaicans 4 and computer nerds only Only one out of 235 votes in a vote just still pouring in on there Only one, and you want them to lie? Because computer nerds at least, they stay out of our here You know, they're sitting there at the guy They're little room out of lawyers You don't like them, they're the same ones Take to the table, right? Would you say about lawyers? Nobody lies on the table Nobody lies on the table, they need them Who are going to vote for Bush? Wasn't wrong, can't buy it away I just want to make it very, very clear It's not too late to change your mind, my friend Not too late to change the light But it's good for Israel If I ever hear that again as long as I live I may just do something rash like eat some halabah I will need some of plain yogurt Great, de plain For my yeast, the intestines A lot of people don't understand that In fact, there are people who go through all sorts I'm glad you mentioned that again as soon as I've been talking about that for many days Well, sounded like it What? What you described? E.C. Yeah, you know, a patee and E.C. And George says the best thing you had to do with that Other than get like drugs, which just You know, those drugs that kill yeast and you're intestines They just, they're like, what's that original one? Like the rest of us in? Right, ever take that? No, thank you It's an antibiotic that will scorch your insides I mean, it doesn't just kill a bad bacteria It's just, it legal everything You have to run and get like acidophilus And lack of a silice and all of these things Because it kills all of the good stuff As in your whole intestinal tract It's like a forest fire in your intestines Mm-hmm It would be like taking a whole glob of that real hot taco sauce The real of super hot The chilis and the jalapeno Yeah, jalapeno Right Hala pinto See there you go again? What a pinto Hala pinto Right And just the swallowing it That's what it's like, so don't be taken that But like a far natural solution It's a tiny yogurt Not the yogurt would fruit out of bottom Or fruit in the inside We had enough fruit around this place Believe you may provide your own fruit Right, I'll provide my own fruit Thank you You think that, in fact, if ponytail were any area You'd probably be going to spray a few plain yogurt's Right, plain yogurt's Yeah, but you're right, they don't understand that Plains very simple, I mean I mean, even even you'll play Right, mix it plain yogurt Or you'll be able to mix it plain yogurt Or you'll be able to mix it plain yogurt Right, there's no problem It's like I told you before The only yogurt that's bad plain Is if it's been sitting around too long Right, and you open it up It's got like water, like, oh, mungy You can like spill about a quarter Yeah Florida, oh, now do I do the, I haven't done it yet The first pool today We're going to do two now You can add on some, I don't know what else to put on here But the reason I was inspired for this Because drive it over this morning And I'm not complaining, believe me Because it's very pleasant I haven't applied the horrendous traffic But it's plain to see that I'm right But every year around this time Once the holidays are gone It's everybody else's too Anybody who's got the opportunity to bail out When it's out, they get to hell out Can't understand that Which of these words or phrases best describes South Florida? Tropical paradise Absolutely The nanomint public Twail it Bush league Or pleasant See, I'm trying to put like some negative Some positive, some may be handy Right? Those are the only five I got so far We can get some more under Hot Hot, what? Hot, hot, hot Okay, hot Hot, hot That's a day, but a lot today But most of the time Hot and humid, how's that? Hot and humid Think Jeff Cohen's going to bring me in The bad news is that nobody came by yesterday To fix his tire No, no, but it really is the good news Because he only has to do his walk across the street Because it's a tear kingdom How many yards is it? About third man across the street You know? All he had to do is walk over there Instead of coming in here and free loading Now we did bring us lots of caffeine Free dive Pepsi Thanks a lot, Tony, tell you the best of the piece A lot to baby I'm university drive right behind the pirouan imports Thanks a lot, Tony, tell But I mean, of course that I find their last night I'm sitting at home and watching a hockey games I'm thinking of myself I understand now finally What's happened to for Jeff? He's been hanging around with other Jeff Hangin' around with Rimmer too long That's why Jeff Cohen's become so cheap Never was a cheap guy Always bring us whatever we want But hangin' around with Rimmer so much I think so but maybe we're a dog That's why he was didn't want to pay anybody to fix his tire But he didn't get any help on that Anybody on the phone is at Jeff Cohen? Who is it? Jeff? Tony, tell you, we love you baby Bring in something yogurt Like how many? Four, four, four, six, six Oh, it's weird, wow, it depends on how many people are going to say Let's have our yogurt party A plain yogurt party Sounds exciting to me, what do you say? He's on his way He's on his way, he's on the case That's all to take us to you, not time Why? He'll be here within the hour Oh, come on now, don't listen to George Ponytail Hustle your ass over here, okay? Then the quickery gets you, quickery will be gone You want him to watch us? He has a show killer And please wash your hands because God only knows Oh man, I don't want to think about that Please God's some story on the power radio here Which is about damn time people started doing something about that You people on your power radio stations on all being jail Make no mistake about it All the rest of us, we slave over hot microphone for years And years, look at how many years have been here God, third of us Save it over this piece of crap, right? It's all over, it's certain to think What? Maybe it's the way to go Maybe it's the way to go In fact, I think the way things are coming down right now All the way All those CV-4 before all this latest fashes And started, if they caught you with a power station They would find you, in fact we got a story on one and another West Coast and one and a Orlando where they find some people But now, with the John Ascroft and Michael Powell and the Michael Cops They'll now find you with a power radio station First of all, they blow up your equipment Then take away your brains out I don't think there's concern as they are about fill Just to make sure you don't be doing it again I don't know This is a switch when you'll find something to win Why do you bestow? I don't think there's a way to win I don't think there's a way to win I don't think there's a way to win I don't think there's a way to win I don't think there's a way to win I don't think there's a way to win I don't think there's a way to win I don't think there's a way to win I don't think there's a way to win I don't think there's a way to win I don't think there's a way to win I don't think there's a way to win I don't think there's a way to win I don't think there's a way to win I don't think there's a way to win I don't think there's a way to win I don't think there's a way to win I don't think there's a way to win I don't think there's a way to win So we can talk about it all And do you want to be better? Yeah we made it game Temperature 560, I just wonder if he's going to be good for Israel For my more to run Eli, in fact, is this here's an answer to our question yesterday about Belize, maybe we talked about Belize today He says an experience of a ophacruciop We were in Belize City one day that makes Liberty City look like paradise. It's what it is. It's a completely paradise. The suburbs, and that's in quotes, the suburbs are basically broken down houses with this is full of garbage on the sides of the roads. Outside of the town, the local cemetery, the Shani town, where Exiles, squatters from Honduras, and El Salvador, be living. On the way to the zoo, about half our other town, we're hit a community of Chinese immigrants and thousands of people, all the signs were in Chinese. What are what kind of animals they had running around? We also hit a roadblock about a half hour out of town where they be released, police were checking for drugs, my advice. Stay out of Belize. Okay, not that of Belize, Belize. Okay, so cross that off your right side of Belize. Okay, so cross that off your right side of Belize. I guess it's close to Rick or Bus. Man, can I'm your knees and thank God for that facts that tell you to stay out of Belize. Anyway, the sunshine stayed the reason you're here. The sunshine stayed the reason you're here. This is becoming nexus of pirate radio activity with Dayton Broward County's leading the way to legal FM stations, literally in the aisle. Now, a state senator has introduced a bill which passed a Senate and now will wait to have some proven tele-hassy. They will prohibit a person from broadcasting without an FCC granted license in the state. The proposed legislature license specifically seeks to tackle interference with light license public or commercial radio station would make such a crime a third degree felony in Florida. Oh, right. Good long overdue. The bill has passed also about to rise as the Office of Statewide Prosecution to investigate pirate broadcasts and assist in shutting them down, which again we say. Oh, right. The news comes as the FAA, FCC and Lake Worth Florida Police work together and shutting down a power radio station Tuesday that interfered with aircraft radio communications both at Palm Beach International and Atlanta, Florida, air strip. An FCC spokesman told AP that three other power radio stations were shut down Tuesday before there's voluntarily cease broadcasting as opposed to getting time. According to radio and we are research connected March radio and records research, there are close to two thousand power radio operators just a day and a row at a loan. Two thousand just a day and a row at pirates and somebody definitely too happy about it. That pathetic, you know. Center of Crackout and their standard we were to have been invited to Crackout and all the crap I see. I'm going to say right now, I think we ought to have a flat section suit all the commercial connections against the FCC. If they're going to make us not say, or even then they ought to crack down on the of pirates. Right. That's what they were created to do. Of course. Give people something they we want to listen to. Freedom of speech. I think the best deal is that cruise ship idea. Right. Just have a big ship out there just as we're not the three mile limit international waters. Where they have no jurisdiction. Where they're about a ten million watt signal. Bimmany. Radio, jaman, jaman. It's right there. You can have a high-soluble gambling. You know, they're not gambling stuff. I mean, the potential there is limitless. Right. Probably gets some spots for Walmart. Good people. Good. Okay. Let's see if anybody wants to put anything else on this pool. This first pool today. Which of these words your phrases best describes South Florida? South Florida. So far, but an annual public seems to be leading the way with 39. What do they mean by that? toilet. Boy, Joe is right. These people are so sour. toilet 19. How did humid 8 pleasant 7? Tropical paradise. Six. Absolutely. And bush league five out of the first 84 votes. Come on. We can be a little more negative. I'll positive than that. WM. Hello. Well, we've got 567560, 560 on the AT&T. There were practically we're going to be for what I didn't want them to be. And now that I'm looking for a few more editions. Or not, as the case may be. That's perfect for these people. Okay. 5670560, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon. Wireless line. WQA. Hello. Yeah, I'm a favorite fire radio. All right. Yeah, because everybody's airways. Not just these millionaires. They don't know license. There's a way to do it where you can do it. That's the way to do it. Well if you let me talk you fat ass, I could tell you. Yeah. I hear an ass. What are you doing? What are you doing? I'm all ass. Just ask him. Just ask him. Just ask him. Tell me a few more. It's me, all. Yes sir. I guess I get the chicken come in and he's going to be surprised. That might be dating for our county lead video. Nation is pirate radio station. We need everything else as illegal and bad and grotesque. Yeah, and it's been a big hit. Everybody have been negative to our county where we're right up here for an hour on top or bubbling under. That's not something else to listen to. But why do I ask you? I know you're down here in South Florida. This means you ask you. Do you have special protection when you're here? Because I do a little worried if I were you. Protection for what? Well I mean you don't. You never know what some of these people that are in tower these days. Oh yeah. If I heard what that is. If I'm that paranoid, I would just disappear. I mean I'm not one of those paranoid silly, uh, spinyless people. Well we worry about you. Don't worry. Don't worry. Don't worry. Be happy. Okay. Come back. Let's see. No one. This is Miguel. We'll get any commercials in here. Oh boy. No one. The. The. Correct. What is that? Correct. CRECENTH. CRECENTH. CRECENTH. Right. That's one of those commercial. Get it. It's a little play on words. So in other words, it's spelled correctly. And they call it CRECENTH. Ah. No one to handle with. The. CRECENTH. Business offices. That's ex rated. Located at 2881 East Oakland Park Boulevard registered in free office space for your enjoy free food from Elatixinee. Some good child for change from our good buddy. I was a special guy that Scott answers out of there. That's slime ball. Since the eighth night, Goli will be at the loss of loss all this quarter deck. Stop by for anti-light specials and then tell you what a jackass is. Tomorrow, George will be 10 to noon at the best pro outlet. Off Griffin Road and I 95 and boy he really loves it there. And then from total four Georgia again will be afford a pump and I'll look it into 1000 North federal highway and Pompeo Beach. So busy day for George tomorrow go by doesn't even say even have anything. Good morning to the one. Marlin. It's all something. Nothing else. No Marlin ticket. We'll have some. We'll spend in the view. We'll have the wheel and some crap. No power radio station. We'll be. Who'd out give us and want to see that CRECENTH? Who'd out want to see you? WDQM99. Hello. Yes sir. I do not want you to be worried about the election in November. Okay good I want. WDQM99. WDQM99. WDQM99. Wow. 560 pound. 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. WDQM hello. Hello. Hello. New God. Yes sir. Oh fire radio. I love it. You can declare the music. Oh, oh, oh. All of our radio people ought to be in jail. Well if you don't want to listen so I have to go change it. If you want to question and have a listen to a man there are laws. Okay you're just one of those professional lawbreakers. Okay is what you are. You just say a espag. I'm a set of a duty bag. Terrible. See when you're in the industry then you realize what a bunch of losers these people are. People just make up their rules and they go along. Well, let's put on our own radio station. We're going to buy all the guess what you're not. See in the olden days which is why you back in the day. Yeah. Everybody did whatever they wanted. And everything like you tuned into a station if you're three other stations on the same free. Exactly. Battling it out. I don't know that. But the people in the business is bad as most of them are they pay an enormous amount of money. They, you know, and the people in the industry are working their asses off to try to make a living. And then oh well we're just going to put us up on here because we got to a transfer there over here. And we're going to do our own thing. Well guess what screw off. Right. And the people with money. Take your power radio in jail. Oh, we got regulation here. What is that? Janet. Yeah. Right. And then nobody had a chance. Let's see. Here's another suggestion for the poll. It's about time total embarrassment. Got it. Got it. Total embarrassment. Now what's pretty embarrassed. Oh, it takes an awful lot these days after all we've been through. Thanks a lot to embarrass us. 60 sets of an anti-republic. 28 sets of turlet. Hot and human 16. Travelling paradise 12. Pleasant 10. Bush late seven of the first 133 votes. 19 before 11 yesterday. I'm going to tell you get what what they was at Wednesday. I went to Hollywood diagnostics. I went to most interesting. Amazing experiences I've ever had. I've had many. Because the test that I took. I took the full body scan. And then also the heart scan. I didn't do the virtual cold musk because I had a regular cold. Last three, about three years ago. And they suggested we fight. But they do it all. And of course nobody wants to think about horrible diseases and things. But we're all vulnerable. I mean, nobody sits around and says, I wonder if I have cancer. I wonder if I have a heart disease. But you really can find out for yourself. And if all things are go, all systems are good. Then you have peace of mind like you wouldn't believe. You walk on there with a big smile on your push. Hollywood diagnostics center is proud to announce their virtual cold andoscopy. Coronary heart scoring and full body screening exams. That can detect cancer other life threatening diseases in the early stages before it's too late. And you don't even need a doctor's referral to be there. For all your imaging exams call Hollywood diagnostics center at 9.5.4. 9.6.3600 for the test that can give you and your family amazing peace of mind. I got all the latest equipment. The people there we know there's stuff in Sanat, they treat you great. And you're in there and out there in just a matter of minutes. And Hollywood diagnostics center, they obviously are imaging equipment with open MRI, heights, speed, CAT scans, lift your medicine and much much more. Hollywood diagnostics are great. And much much more. Hollywood diagnostics center has been serving community for over 20 years. They're just wasted the circle in Hollywood Boulevard. They're facility also provides a complete mobile diagnostic service that can come right to you too if you need them. So, what really mean is if you're one of those people who's maybe got a history of cancer, heart disease in the family, if you got some of the risk factors you really want to find out where you stand, please do yourself a big favor because if you do have something going on in your system, you can catch it while there's still time. Hollywood diagnostics center, give them a call for your imaging exams today called 9.5.4. 9.63600 and please tell them that Neil told you to call. That's 9.5.4. 9.63600. 9.5. And local, you're sports radio, 5.6. You're a new alien. By am I. Well, I'm sure there's some discipline in people here. You know what? You know something? If you had told us in Iowa that we'd get our butt standing to us in New Hampshire too, we would have started drowning our sorrows immediately. And you know something? You know something? Not only are we going to start drinking beer in our campaign headquarters here Tom Harkin, we're going to get drunk on Marquini's and all the passions and genetronics come on, you read us along all the nice teams and we're going to drink the kilos. Let's say I dare to do this. I'm going to be sped up. The bigators, you're going to judge. That's not a chopper. I'm going to go down the watch. I did these things. I'm going to lie down. I was busy. I'm going to lie down. It's 1047. I'm being reported to say which one you like better or I like to go both a lot. Yeah. Here's one for the poll and out of body experience. No, I don't see it. What does that mean? Thank God. But I got two. One mess on his page and one is not. Unfortunately, the one is page. I appreciate your efforts, but we already have this story from TomPain.com. Fifteen less than our prestigious website, mirage.com. And tensions are good, but we always have an idea to check the website to see if we've already had this story. Thanks. Outdoor nursing home. How could I have forgotten that? And that inspires me to add outdoor funeral parlor. Right? Okay. Similar. No. The same thing. Nursing home in funeral parlor. I know there are different places, but no. Mean the same put them both on their place. Don't argue with the king. Okay. Or the queen. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, keep pound 5, 6, 6 on the AT&T and Verizon. Wireless lines. Shannon Elizabeth. A magnificent picture behind a beating curtain today. If you're going to need to 75 and even Viper wouldn't help. WQA. Hello. Meal with God's waiting room. God's waiting room is good. Thank you, sir. Let's put that on there too. That's it. Everybody's favorite. God's waiting room. That's going to get a lot of votes. We'll do this till noon. And then we'll do the presidential thing that we haven't done in a long time. Just for kicks. I'm Route 66. It's God's waiting room. Come on in your parts here, man. Too many of miserable, crusty, nasty old farts. Like the ones that were picking up my good friend, Toby, and Papa, though, part. Last Saturday whenever it was. You may be actually losers. You are, oh, they're just inseparable. What they are. Gonna make you into a superstar, Toby. And now they will treat you with respect. Just like in the Godfather. Remember that? That's right. Now they'll treat you with respect. When you have powerful friends like me. Banana Republic 76, which of these words or phrases best describe soft Florida? toilet 35. That's bad. Turlet? Hot in human 23. Tropical Paradise 17. Pleasant 12. Bush League 9. Total embarrassment 3. Where had none other ones on there? Momentarily. Did they pop up on yours yet? Yes. Well, I guess they did because you're typing them on there. Right. Is that how it works? Sublet that. I see. Well, I see if these are the ones that I'm not yet. After nursing homes got one, God's waiting for them and after a funeral part of trust me will move up to list fast. Make no mistake about it. WQAM, hello. Hey, I'm going to you. Yes sir. Happy Friday, pal. Happy Friday for you. Where did you get that bitch and you just played with the guy named all the liquor's olfilarious? Well, again, just to my left here. I'll clean that feed off to my left. Hey, my amni is just a sham cap on my friend. All these liffinas that come here in Maridies, green gold for their papers. Right. Papers. Yeah. For their immigration papers. He's here for you. This stuff unless you got good papers, man. There you go. Think I need to go. Okay. How's the ponytail come over to my yogurt? On his way? Rise me back in the day. And I would keep remember those days when he read me. I saw me on guy. I mean, a soup. I told someone to feed. Right. From that tyress around across the street. That was real spicy and hot and delicious. It was probably like a boil half of my guts out. I think your sign is. Here's a facts from listener George. Remember him? Sure. Good morning, Neil and George. Delicious. Beautiful. And the people are friendly. Square that two for Belize and, uh, all for Miami. There's what he says. I went through the 80s to teach English to high school children. The people went out with her way to make me feel like William Shakespeare. Maybe they're all named George down the leaves because of him. What big thing is he? In the late 80s, Belize officially disbanded their military army and stayed building army of teachers. That's the truth and that's the government policy of this day. There wasn't one night in Belize that somebody didn't invite me for dinner or drinks at their house or local restaurant. Last time that I haven't explored it was never. They don't like you George. No, you don't have all the comforts of home and yesterday's poverty and people selling their wares on the sides of the roads. Like an highly abode out the attitude. That's great. Like highly without the attitude. Great line. George, I like truck trip. Truck what? I know it's in here. Truck, see him. If you want to find an exotic place, if you want to hear birds that's saying, if you want to find people who sing, then go line, go out of their way to be friendly. Then Belize is a good place in the world as well as says. We didn't go to Belize to judge people of opportune to leave the level of education and poverty. They're their ambitions. They're open as well, they're glad to do. We went there to learn from people, mission to accomplish is what Liz New George said. I like that he likes it. The other guy hated it. I'll go and ease it. What is it? It's ropes for different boats. Oh, that's a Johnny McCain's wife said. But that's bad. That was terrible. What? That was a shot. That wasn't shot. Let's see, Bush Cheney Rumsfield power and condolisa. It's got a look at that train monkeys. That's cute. Kind of a spin on our smoking chips. Why do I never heard anymore from that guy smoking chips.com? Why seven to five hundred bucks donation? That they were desperate for a needed and I told him to check out our website and he must not like it. Maybe he's got no sense of humor or maybe he liked it and you just don't have no time. Right. I love the working chip. You're on the same way. What is this great? They're going to be like, sir. Not that's not my son money. Here's the train monkeys again. Just in case I missed it the first time. Ha ha ha ha. Oh. Wow. These people something or what? Too bad we can't see if they are there. Definitely bad. Five six said what we got coming up today. We got the mad dog at two. We got a pretty a pristine schedule till ball game time. You're not the Hebrew hammer. That's what I'm going to love. He's talking about Israel. Thank God. Marlins deck the Marlins are eight and one now man. They're off to a three shutouts in a row in San Juan to be the weekling expoers but nevertheless for good who they're playing. And that's right. They are even on impressed. And I don't care. I refuse to care about baseball. I give it up for circus. But it's just amazing how good they are. They're a job or not. They are. And I can bet if they want to put the money out they ought to build a great new stadium right next to PB Park at Domestating have their own stadium. They should put the money out though. Right. And let him build it. And then they will come. Now make a fortune. The Hebrew hammer is for Marlins on deck at seven seven thirty five to Marlins at the Braves which they own Braves. So they should we've that serious. Even the big Braves fan mode this morning said that the movement. They're probably skipping to the Braves are really on a follow on hard times. And then we got the Florida State Seminoles and the Miami hurricane baseball on seven ninety waxy it's seven a few for for that instead which I can imagine why Eddie came after all that mission. Gosh. So we got a full play to stop Bruce A Rock sent me a fact quite a while ago and they had this kind of be out there but I guess I guess screaming Carlos hasn't the buzz to call you rain. It says he's delivering a new copy of G. Hot Rock today because I heard you haven't trouble finding it also a copy of their new song. Cash in on Jesus a satire of no gift since the passion and he says I'm really both see these with a receptionist copy should be your office by 10 15. It's now 10 54. Well I can take a walk during the break. So evidently and then here's a very bizarre facts from Dave who says Carter who won the Nobel not not like Jimmy Carter maybe means no Carter. Or fins Carter. Right Joe Carter who won the Nobel Peace Prize in 2002 also bring what he called Bush's pro Israel policies for engineering and a monster against America and you are absolutely correct. Of course everything that this one that we have in there right now is doing is pissing off 95% of the people in the world. Except people like my old friend was in the house yesterday tell me about it's good for Israel. I mean Seriously but that goes to show you when your blood sugar is 900. Oh he's right this rise of 25,000 it's hard to think straight you know because all that you got that oil clog up during your brain where you're gay instead. I'm bigger for him. No he's not gay. He's a tough one straight. Well he's not taking gay either. I am. 5 6 7 0 5 60 here's a line one is I can't imagine anybody be on her Q amp. Hello. Hey, how does the blind place in no one in one. W Q amp. Hello. They don't. Q I am. Yeah, I want to ask you about that call or not to me. Test that you had. Yeah. Coline. What is it? Whatever they call because I have a problem and I was going to go. Yeah. Is it really good? It's great. Go go check it out because you sound like a real. Hold me yeah. Go hold me. W Q amp. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Yeah. I got a question for your pole. He's a little pole about how bad my am you got or whatever. Everyone is in no this sucks. But what about a pole for the people that want to get out of Miami? What city would be the best to move to? I've done that a million times. Where do you want to go? I don't know. Is it good opportunity? You know, where is it good money? You know, Vegas or something? No. I know. Perrines not too bad. All right. Give it a good check it out. In fact, we talked about the least today. Maybe we're going to have some people fasting us an information about P.R. Or like the range is not too bad. South many heights. Back in the winter ranching, pick your own spot. Or just pick your own produce. 1056 at 562. I am. And you. And you. This is for you, my 60s. You. You. Why do you. You. Where. You. Jesus. My. I've read my script yet. No. You want to whip me the son of God. Let's with you, Schmuck. And that crazy church involved with them. And that machine gun to follow the rules. You want to bring this all up again. Do it all over. Where. I'm the desert living long time ago. A virgin named Mary in the dood name. Yo. The men are slick for dessert. Of all themselves now. Get a necklace on a star. And he's here as well. To sell to a cashier hero. He's better. We're round-triving. Get the fashion-play baby. I've been up to town and played a schedule. And I've been up to town and played a schedule. And I've been up to town and played a schedule. And I've been up to town and played a schedule. And I've been up to town and played a schedule. And I've been up to town and played a schedule. And I've been up to town and played a schedule. And I've been up to town and played a schedule. And I've been up to town and played a schedule. And I've been up to town and played a schedule. And I've been up to town and played a schedule. And I've been up to town and played a schedule. And I've been up to town and played a schedule. And I've been up to town and played a schedule. And I've been up to town and played a schedule. And I've been up to town and played a schedule. And I've been up to town and played a schedule. And I've been up to town and played a schedule. And I've been up to town and played a schedule. And I've been up to town and played a schedule. And I've been up to town and played a schedule. And I've been up to town and played a schedule. And I've been up to town and played a plans for business. And I've been up to town and played a schedule. And I've been up to town and played a schedule with something like that. Yeah I've been up to town and played a schedule without anyone. You can do the promise land, that'll be paid for this. You can say what you want to do. Cause it's just now rules all land. What do you mean? So we're friends just say what the told you say. Mother leaving them away like a clown. And now, let's leave all the clowns. Now, let's not inform it. And leave them, and we'll see you again. And leave them. Hey Jesus. They're picking on me. Those dogs are calling me. They're killing you. They're killing me. But you missed my real message. And forget that they should have stopped. People, sin and flesh, try to teach you about loving compassion. You didn't learn to say. I've known you, I get passion-play. It's a crazy story. But I've got to trade. Two thousand years later, he's still blaming the Jews. While he's making power, the money of the crucifixion bull. Now he's catching one of their Jesus. Right up this little bank, and the key of the glory, and in the promise, he's got his kind of things that stand in the darkness of the world. Which is a very horrible thing. Now, you're firing to me. This is Mr. Holyhead. All time, the resort club, I can say it's a thousand and one thousand. I'm coming from the castle. He's hanging me this light evening. Three. Ah! Coming in 2005, Meals Next Divine Inspiration. Launched Melry Right History again. The John of the Cycle getting eaten by lions for two glorious hours. Loves it, loves it, loves it, and heavenly. Here's a ponytail again. Jeff Cohen from the pizza loft in baby. Looking for more free plugs. So yesterday, when he left here, he went to Tutsis. I'm gonna not say that. I can say that, I just did Sam. It's right down the road. And then after that, he went and did some other stuff. It's what he said. Like I've all whipped up at Tutsis, you know. It took care of business. And I waited. Here's my, don't sit down there again. Because if you think you're gonna walk again today, you're dreaming, man. You think he's gonna like horticulture for the second day and ordinances, he brought us some yogurt. We appreciate it very, very much. Man. Hmm. What is that? Didn't bring me anything? On, let George, take a look at this. Take a look at the amount of water. Water? You gotta waste basket. Oh. Wow. That makes it a little bit un-appetizing. Not that it's advertising anyway. I'll tell you, yogurt. Hmm. Sorry. What up? What up, bastard? He's sitting there. What is that? Where did you get that? He's eating a corb Ethan Swiss on what? Not right. Toast it no less, which makes me think all that much. But I don't want it. I can't eat it. I'm too fat for you. 560560 pound, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Stuttering, get all the speed of the Jesus. See you through me off a little bit. Thanks to Bruce E. Rock, there was that thing. It was a catch-in on Jesus. I give it our scale of 10, about 3.5. It's not up to his usual quality. I don't want to hurt his feelings, so he's a great good guy. And the G. Have rock stuff is outstanding. I give that stuff like past 10. It was so good. What would you give it to? About 2 stars? That last one? Yeah. Our scale of 45. Yeah, not as best for it. Not as best for it. But it's tired. Fair. And especially Tommy because it tagging sciences about a matching image of a man's face and possibly his hands on the back of the shroud of Thurin, believed by many to be the burrow cloth of Jesus, the burrow cloth of Jesus Christ, while the researchers say the Earth to me. How do you like that? The Emechallus Schmatter. The discovery of the ghostly image on the back of the linen cloth matches the face that adorns the front is likely to re-ignact a bit of what the shroud is gentlemen or a skillful medieval fraud. First of all, I got news for you. If it looked at picture, if that's what Jesus looked like, I'd stick with me. It looks just like the picture. Was it a guy that played in the movie? Let me tell you right now. It is as it was. That's what that old ghostly, the Pope said. Not. They just made that up. I mean, you talk about the publicating stuff in what a marketing. This no Gibson thing is much as I despise him. You've got to hand it. This is one of the greatest pieces of marketing. It's written history. Even Dragon out his old Getsky father there that anti-Semai would all have said that Holocaust revisionist crap, everything that they did was geared to make it into big bucks. And that's what they did, brilliant. And the suckers are running around. Oh my God, it was so emotional. I'm all out of my head. Jesus Christ, the fact that the images two-sided makes any forgery difficult present usually a fancy of the University of Padua told writers. The findings of Fountain are Roberto Majolo, both from the University of the Permanente Mechanical Engineering, were published this week by Journal of the Institute of Physics in London. I think maybe he needs to take a good physical, a big good. But we can't say that. He needs a good, very him, Enema. Fancy said that the scurry would support those who may tend to cough his genuine right. They shroud a lot of Christianity's most sacred but disputed relatives, they piece of linen, some 14 feet long and three feet seven inches wide. And that goes on about six hundred years, the bay, it's more fairy tales for the people minded. For people who are looking for some anything shred of evidence that all these ridiculous stories really existed, shout of evidence. Stuttering Gil says, my girlfriend, Eric, or calls her part of town, Beinerville, she wants out to look part of the world where you recommend. I would say any part beside this one, or Belize. Right? Right? Or Iraq? Probably not to go. F can't what? Go to East LA. Costa Rica would be good Gil. That's where Jeff Cohen says, Costa Rica is editing better than Tutsis. It's a beautiful place. You take a look around there and you'll say, Jesus Christ. Which in these words are phrases best described, soft floor, that's our first poll today, 275 votes, but Anna Republic of 19, toilet, 41, tropical paradise 34, cotton humid, doctor demand, bush league 16, pleasant 16, total embarrassment nine, God's waiting room seven, oh, after nursing home four, oh, and out to our funeral parlor, oh, two, you like that? Not too positive, I guess. And then, keep in mind, these votes are coming, most of them from people, or if you still hear, who haven't bailed out yet? Have you noticed a big drop off in business like after Easter in a pays off? Yeah. Little bit. So, be sure to go to the piece of the daily and buy extra stuff when you go there. Say, get one piece of get two. Say, get one, let's not get about five. Because we had to make up not only for the people who failed out, but for one family that did not fail out. The rumors, cutting into profits big time, that's a lot. Fine. Oh, and let me also correct one of the things, because, you know, we got a bunch of idiots around here, as we already know Miguel, who, you know, he looks pretty, but other than that, just, dummy up. From noon till one, the QAM van will be at the crux at the business, where do you come up with crescent? Because it possibly will be so, oh, no, no, no, speed in place back there. Well, be at the crescent business office, is at 2881 East Open Park Boulevard. You can register when you're free office space for a year, and free food from Atlantic City subs, or I will make some difference. Where do you see about that? That sandwich? Ha ha ha ha ha ha. He doesn't remember. There's a classic point for all you kids out there, okay, too much bad drugs, too much monkey, all of these things. I do remember you want to help, you remember who the last broad, what the look like they did, like yesterday after you left the TTs. Man, how old you are? Jesus Christ. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, 80, and 10, rise in line. Don't forget to pee and pee to Los Sands for pervert. WDQAM hello. WDQAM hello. WDQAM hello. Neil. Yes sir. Look, I know you get your stick, and you get your stick, and you get your stick, and you have your shoulder, or you have your two and split up on my amic. Yeah, and this on six, that it's crazy. Yeah. Why don't you just pack up and get out of here? I will tomorrow. But it'll be your show here either, those of you are showing to you on the way. Ah, I will. I mean, you want to go out and get a show, pal, get lost. And go out and go out and do your thing with me. I'm sure you like you. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, in fact, probably you can go over to the crexant together. I'm creasing. WDQAM hello. Neil. Yes sir. You know, my god, I was telling you, you were talking about the schmaka of Torin. Yes. And I was watching WLR in last night. Don't start with a due talk with me sir. No, they were, they were, um, showing something about the carbon dating and how they had problems with that. Yes, we have to travel to Torin. Right. But there's another choice in Spain. I think it's a, what I'm not playing is why I think it is. Yeah, the scourge that went around the head. Yeah. Because you make it a schmaka? Well, the, it's another schmaka that was supposedly on his body. Yeah. And it's been there. It's more well documented than the shroud of Torin. Well, let me ask you something. Assuming that these, some of these fantasies were accurate. What would that prove? What does that mean? Well, it doesn't prove anything to me. But what, what I found interesting is that they did DNA testing on the tried blood on both shrouds and they match. Yeah. And so what does that prove? Everything. Everything. Everything. Right. But I found it quite interesting that one has no documentation whatsoever. The other one has documentation that they brought it from Jerusalem and they liked the 1100s. With all other kinds of, getch keys and pieces of the cross and parts of the Thorn crown and all that other so called garbage. Right. Okay. Well, it's a lot of an after 11 at 5, 60, every QM and let me just say this. The reason I did that pull up that happens here a little Julio is because of the fact that I'm still here. Even though it's only one week at a time, but I'm here, but all these other people bailed out. That's the problem, see. When everybody leaves, when a weather is pretty pleasant like it is right now, or except when it's pouring cats and dogs and thundering and lightning and all this stuff, there must be some problem here. There must be something that people are just dying to get away from. Like most of these cars. The lights are less focused dedicated to providing you with the best product. For the weight loss phase of your low carb diet. If you run the atkins, sugar bus through a South Beach of any low carb sugar free diet head for, then lights away, spoke at the number 1 low carb store in the universe. Now, many of the new reduced car products and store shelves are geared toward cutting back on carbs, but not on an alpha-geloo's weight. The lights away, spoke his expertise has always been on the weight loss phase of low carb dieting, and it got over a thousand products and stuck with the focus toward the lowest car's possible. That confitted away, successful low carb weight loss plan. The spring sails are on right now to lights up swing on by. They got an eligible staff that knows dieting inside and out. They're open every day, seven days a week and 10 to 10. And you find the lights away, spoke on the Northeast corner of Glades in 441. Right next to it, a Boston market. We have to have a Boston market by me. And then it was a mattress place and now it's out of business. Or call them toll free it. What? What are you laughing about? Oh, yeah. So you have a pizza loft by me too right now. And it's called 1-877 low carb that's L-O-W-C-A-R-B-R-I-N-Wab. You'll find a bit low carb.com. If you're trying to really lose some weight on me, I can't even have the low carb dive. You'll love this story. Do you like to waste both of your official at Kids Retail Center? And low balls. This is for you, my sister. You ain't a man. You ain't a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. One out of the world, we have an A-R-Fort of Raph and Boopier facility. We're going to need a crackle. Okay, I do a get down on the ground. Start praying. You're going to jail. And arrest me. I'm a guest in your country. I have my constitution right. Like a connoisseur for Johnny. I have a look on it and only for that Bernab thing to have it to play. I have my school of physics and dollars. My end to spend my fall. And I keep up all my business for the rest. For hands for the safety. The only thing that's teaching me to see. Only for the loving, my school. And I'm so ill-faced. I'm rocking while I'm reading. I'm a stopper due to fear. I can't say, being honest, being like a fuel. And I keep up Johnny's affairs. But next world screams in my heart. And I'm a man. See how Johnny gets a picture. And he's my turn to jail. Where are Johnny? But Johnny calls. Now we're only like him. He's dressed in dope, a standing funky. And we sound like dirty job-diver in the crowd. We can speak into your nation like a tourist, and we're not even done or some will be proud. If I get muscle, then these children have plastic to sit in. So for sure, you may go with the internet and swipe. And all those messages are just one of their distrusting out there. With all of seven versions of the camera will be mine. And if I Johnny get a picture, then this is the next world screamer. And I'm a man. See how Johnny gets a picture. But Johnny calls. But Johnny takes a journey. I will look for Nathan from the bar. But I've turned him in American flag. My clothes are shit and dollars. And mine's the flame I bow to. And the people bump into this will be dead. And the five Johnny's the feathers the next world screamer. And I'm a man. See how Johnny gets a picture. And Martin gets a... And I'm a man. And go Johnny calls. I hear by a sentence you, Abouji Han also known as Jihar Johnny, to death by electric Houston. Listen son, would you like to get right with Jesus before we give you the big door for me? I'm a man. And God have mercy on your hear and soul. Oh! And then we get lucky. 118, you know, I think we got to get right with Jesus is what our problem is on the show. I'm right. Go to the thing. I'm up right here. I'm here right with Jesus because he is risen. I knew me as there are all these different cuts on his disc. Did you know that? No what. Well, this is a brand new or disc. Because I thought it was a brand Jihar rock, but that's coming up a momentarily. How do you like that? Thanks a lot for your best baby. All of the yellow. I said the new. But it can't all be great. Nothing can. It's okay. I give it like I said about one and a half stars on a scale of... It's long, though. It's nice and long. Kills him about three minutes and some. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line. Refresh from a semester as a visiting professor at Harvard former pro wrestler in Minnesota Governor Jesse Vainterry with on TV this morning. Says he's considering to run for the White House in 2008. Though he acknowledges being leader of the free world might be too confining for him. Everybody going Boston people tell me, Ron Jesse Ron they say the country needs you. What were holding me back would be my family, the brutality, the campaign, the ruthlessness of Democrats and Republicans. If at least like how my win is no telling what they would do, they're very desperate people when it comes to third parties. See, what has been his problem is? He says it's haircut. He said it's his atheism. Yeah, oh yeah. See what they would do is direct up the tapes of all of those shirts. I talked about religion is like the opium of the masses and all of their kind of crap. He'd have to lie. What I mean, he meant was there. So what I mean, I didn't mean to say that because the fundamentals of the God squad, the Jesus Criter is the Orthodox, the Yidd-Loth God, the God of Wisdom, my host yesterday talking about Israel. They would be very upset with that. Yeah, we have heard about the North Carbidad. It was very funny yesterday when we got to the first time. Now, now it's like a chain letter. You know how to say it? Oh, do I know. Faxing it, emailing it to everybody else. Very cute. The first time, like I said, now it's really terminally boring, like most of our calls. 5 6 7 0 5 60, pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon line. How many QA and hello? No. Yes sir. How you doing? I know if you had brought this up, but you haven't seen the front line P plus night? No, I did not. Jursa. No. The great John O'Neill, one of the true, uh, right? Guy has a thumb on it, so to speak. Mm-hmm. Real pay for you, the real, uh, yes. Yeah, the guy that, and then all of the sudden he gets shuffled around because he's not in and with Louis free, right? No, Louis free out of the undesturled body. I'm going to tell you that right now. You talk about incompetent. He gives it new meaning. Yeah, it was a great, uh, it was everybody she said. It should be dealing with it. But they didn't, but they didn't, I mean, won't. But you can see it by going to pbs.org. You can see the full 90 minute, uh, right? Yes. Oh, with me, anyway, it was great. And, uh, and as a guy, we, you get pushed out of a job where you should have been director of the FBI, but you know, you're not in good with the, uh, neocons and you're out, so. And the neocons got so lucky because he just happened to be in the world traits that are on the 911. Yeah, well, that's what's he in the more. No. Anyway, great John O'Neill. Thanks, Bally. I didn't see it, and it sounds off in for me. It was in repeat. Yes. I saw it, slightly updated and reedited. See them. I'm standing, please. All I was still saying that what happens in the show. I've always played on CBC. They have a show called, uh, uh, what's in a clock at night. I can't think of it. But anyway, it's the same kind of thing. Only showed like every night. They got the different, uh, story. Yeah, on the CBC. On the CBC. We can get the CBC. And you're right. 20 year old. I'm in this. I'm just holding cable on straight. Now, which this is a comment on the milk and her flesh. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, the pound 5, 6, but if you watch it, it'll be good for Israel. Come to Q and hello. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey. Um. Let's not call that sub show before, but I think I have to say this in front of an audience. And you might have a community. Go right ahead, sir. This is your moment in the sunshine. My 15 minute of fame. Yes, your 15 seconds of fame. And you're going very fast. By the way, so, speak up, please. Well, DWDW word, uh, what dream has always been? Take a set of, uh, uh, out of a place and take over the Iraq. All of a sudden, we have, uh, a piece of intelligence telling us a one and a half that we're going to be attacked by a terrorist and nothing happened. Um. Wow. And that gives us what. Boister that people on an excuse to go into Iraq. Well, let me ask you something to me. Can you vote in November? Uh, can't vote. Uh, ha ha. Really long. Not illegal, alien. Just got off the boat. No, actually. I don't see this in the can vote. Who? You? I can't vote. Of course. Why not? No, no, I'm saying I can't. Well, you can. Why are you going to be voting? Yes, I am. For whom will you cast your votes, sir? Whoever is the demo, I can't. Ha ha. I've got that thing. I've got it. This is the greatest color in the sky. Oh, then I can call on the Ogod changes what your motto may be. Ogod makes a very useful success in a million. That's it. Well, Dr. Who is it? So it's a very common pattern for you. Why did they get so much save the next bear? Then they understand that They're not about, sixty-two thousand dollars. Number five separately is the first time I was a 654 men and Ped juice cost a cent per kilo, what I say best in my planted anunci by the Bible, when the whole bank me is 50560, Pomp 5 for his bull-like daughter. And of course those lesbian novels that his wife wrote Lynn back in the early 80s. Well, that was in a different time and he was singing in a different tune. No, no, no, no, no. By the way, the Monday that he's making still because he's on a payroll with Halibut and he's still making more money from them than he is his VP. I just mentioned that in passing. Nothing he's got any conflict of interest. Lies, liberal lies. Right. Oh, it's begun that. See how all of the splits together? Where is it? I got some pretty interesting stuff here. What did I do with it though? That's the holy problem. It's about era America. Zyne America, era America. Our America, here it is. Era America, we stored in Chicago. Oh, right. You like that. In a rapid reversal of fortunes, era America, we do want to separate restrain who we're to yesterday. Requiring the order of a Chicago affiliated to restore the fledgling liberal talk we do never broadcast. One day after we was thrown off the Irinal Sanjulas and Chicago, we just run round one said, Evan Cohen, era America's chairman, Arthur Lou received a clear message, temper tantrums are not the way to conduct business. Coants said that were expressed to resume broadcasting, uh, the way over the R, and WNTV in Chicago today. Lou, who's multi-cultural radio broadcasting in owns era America's Chicago and LA stations, pulled the network off the Irinal Markets Wednesday and changed the locks on the doors. He told the Chicago attribution that era American bounced the payment to an automotive cultural more than a million dollars, but near our states of pink court judge, Marilyn G. Diamond found yesterday that era America had fully paid for airtime in Chicago in order multi-cultural to begin broadcasting America's program again. Unlike the lies that you were just a and that a before on the fuzzy port, which you read every day lies and distortions of BS, then this budget makes up as she goes along and gets pepped in by the bat line. Or it's the bat line as budged by the better answer it. It's probably uh, Richard Mellon's case. Era America however remains off the Irillocentus where it had been broadcast at multi-culturals KBLA 1580 on the AMDA. A first answering the phone through the multicultural set of company had no comment. Well we already been through this other double dipping stuff and yet a bit of a boot, but a bit of a, uh, no matter how the dispute is resolved, it seems unlikely that the era America will continue to broadcast on multi-cultural stations, the public relations battle became personal very quickly Wednesday, with little accusing that work of insolvency and co-encalling, ludous, graceful and unprofessional. Is this a relationship we want to continue colonized over the next couple of days we're both going to be doing a lot of thinking. Co-on said he's exploring other broadcast options of the partner who's more responsible in mature. So you're also really rocky stars that era America in fact, uh, you know, other than Randy, what's the point, right? Right. All the time, I'll frank in and they've seen a grapholo and all the way and how many broadcasts they got on his station other than Randy. Other than her, they got, uh, one. They got, you know, a couple of boardoffs around the country sitting inside of an empty room and it's packed in from the York and that's the deal. They, they know nothing about this business. It'll be the biggest eggman, even the people of Denny's in the kitchen, ever saw me egg that big. What? I'm telling you right now, I know, even the people saw that ostrich meat, never saw eggs like that. Or some of those people out there in a Chinese place. Well, I don't want to get into that. Okay. It's a very a touchy thing. All right. Well, then touch, we want to be a little more civil about the whole deal. Well, each of these words or phrases, best describes South Florida, banana Republic 153, toilet 45, tropical paradise 44. I'm listening. Oh, I haven't gotten the him yet. Hot and humid 35, bush league 20, pleasant 20, total embarrassment 14, gods waiting for 11, outdoor funeral parlor 6, and outdoor nursing home. Oh, six out of the first year in 54. Not too positive. And again, I'm not the one casting these votes for my little Julio friend with a state call before. I'm not the one making the votes. All these other people are. If you take tropical paradise and pleasant and put them together, you got 12 point 40, about the 18%. 18%. Which means 82% got some real negative to say. Right? Oh, right. Oh, right. Oh, with that fear. They're just doing it to please me. That must be it. They're trying to suck up to me. That's all. Or they just be honest. Right. Oh, yeah, exactly. It's their whole altitude. They're just nasty, miserable. That's because they've been here too long. That's why stands. A very short time. You know, a few days here. And that's it. Before it starts to really sink it in. Is your company suffering from regulations and increased labor costs? Let Oasis outsourcing help you when it comes to the people side of your business. Pay rule administration. Fortune 500 company employee benefits. Human resource services and risk management are just a few of the services that Oasis outsourcing can cover to help your business be more profitable. Call Oasis outsourcing today for a free evaluation. Call 1 866 at Oasis. That's one 866 2 86 2747 with more than 60,000 employees worldwide. Oasis outsourcing understands the many facets of human resource management. Outdoor things being recognized by firms large and small as a powerful management choice, which doesn't focus on your core business while leaving the operation will be tailored to the folks at Oasis outsourcing. So let Oasis outsourcing make your business more profitable for a free evaluation column at that toll free number. 1 866 at Oasis. That's one 866 286 2747 for Oasis outsourcing. 1 866 286 2747 for Oasis outsourcing. 2 866 2747 for Oasis outsourcing. 1 866 2747 for Oasis outsourcing. 1 866 2747 for Oasis outsourcing. 1 866 2747 for Oasis outsourcing. 1 866 2747 for Oasis outsourcing. 1 866 2747 for Oasis outsourcing. 1 866 2747 for Oasis outsourcing. 1 866 2747 for Oasis outsourcing. 1 866 2747 for Oasis outsourcing. 1 866 2747 for Oasis outsourcing. 1 866 2747 for Oasis outsourcing. 1 866 2747 for Oasis outsourcing. 1 866 2747 for Oasis outsourcing. 1 866 2747 for Oasis outsourcing. 1 866 2747 for Oasis outsourcing. 1 866 2747 for Oasis outsourcing. 1 866 2747 for Oasis outsourcing. 1 866 2747 for Oasis outsourcing. 1 866 2747 for Oasis outsourcing. 1 866 2747 for Oasis outsourcing. 1 866 2747 for Oasis outsourcing. 1 866 2747 for Oasis outsourcing. 1 866 2747 for Oasis outsourcing. 1 866 2747 for Oasis outsourcing. 1 866 2747 for Oasis outsourcing. 1 866 2747 for Oasis outsourcing. 1 866 2747 for Oasis outsourcing. 1 866 2747 for Oasis outsourcing. 1 866 2747 for Oasis outsourcing. 1 866 2747 for Oasis outsourcing. 1 866 2747 for Oasis outsourcing. 1 866 2747 for Oasis outsourcing. 1 866 2747 for Oasis outsourcing. 1 866 2747 for Oasis outsourcing. 1 866 2747 for Oasis outsourcing. 1 866 for Oasis outsourcing. 1 866 for Oasis outsourcing. 1 866 for Oasis outsourcing. 1 866 for Oasis outsourcing. 1 866 for Oasis outsourcing. 1 866 for Oasis outsourcing. 1 866 for Oasis outsourcing. 1 866 for Oasis outsourcing. 1 866 for Oasis outsourcing. 1 866 for Oasis outsourcing. 1 866 for Oasis outsourcing. 1 866 for Oasis outsourcing. 1 866 for Oasis outsourcing. 1 866 for Oasis outsourcing. 1 866 for Oasis outsourcing. 1 866 for Oasis outsourcing. 1 866 for Oasis outsourcing. 1 866 for Oasis outsourcing. 1 866 for Oasis outsourcing. 1 866 for Oasis outsourcing. 1 866 for Oasis outsourcing. 1 866 for Oasis outsourcing. 1 866 for Oasis outsourcing. 1 866 for Oasis outsourcing. 1 866 for Oasis outsourcing. 1 866 for Oasis outsourcing. 1 866 for Oasis outsourcing. 1 866 for Oasis outsourcing. 1 866 for Oasis outsourcing. 1 866 for Oasis outsourcing. 1 866 for Oasis outsourcing. 1 866 for Oasis outsourcing. 1 866 for Oasis outsourcing. 1 866 for Oasis outsourcing. 1 866 for Oasis outsourcing. 1 866 for Oasis outsourcing. 1 866 for Oasis outsourcing. 1 866 for Oasis outsourcing. 1 866 for Oasis outsourcing. 1 866 for Oasis outsourcing. 1 866 for Oasis outsourcing. 1 866 for Oasis outsourcing. 1 866 for Oasis outsourcing. 1 866 for Oasis outsourcing. 1 866 for Oasis outsourcing. 1 866 for Oasis outsourcing. 1 866 for Oasis outsourcing. 1 866 for Oasis outsourcing. 1 866 for Oasis outsourcing. 1 866 for Oasis outsourcing. 1 866 for Oasis outsourcing. 1 866 for Oasis outsourcing. 1 866 for Oasis outsourcing. 1 866 for Oasis outsourcing. 1 866 for Oasis outsourcing. 1 866 for Oasis outsourcing. 1 866 for Oasis outsourcing. 1 866 for Oasis outsourcing. 1 866 for Oasis outsourcing. 1 866 for Oasis outsourcing. 1 866 for Oasis outsourcing. 1 866 for Oasis outsourcing. 1 866 for Oasis outsourcing. 1 1066 for Oasis outsourcing. 1 866 for Oasis outsorney. just for the accretals and customers. Prince Hamlet. And exactly on the police. There are some of us. They're on the right. I'd like to vote for the leaders. Yes, you exactly. The police is to be great. You knew everybody that owned them. Right? You knew all the kids in the families in their neighborhood. Right? Now you really talked to one of your neighbors. Will these the famous? Exactly. But he was restaurant on all the road. Exactly. I don't even know. What was that? I didn't write that. What was he planning down there for the way down the end? Oh, being out with a pee. Pick it up. Something like that. Pick it up. I need to be around 125 feet. There you go. Mary's. Yep. And I'm not going to go. My son. Marcelo's was great. It was great. Years ago. Oh, well. And he had a lot of time just to be great. I love to grow up. But it's dead now. What a shame. Yeah. I can't wait to tell you to understand it. When and out, time to get out. Good. Good luck, family. Good luck. Oh, baby. See you. And he's right. And of course, I guess that's true anywhere you go. I come back to Detroit to pink. This is that still there. Oh, I'm in chop. Oh, it's gone. All the great Chinese restaurants are used to love the one that's seven mile and living away. It's gone. Is there just their all gone? You can't go back. No, sorry. I said that. How about in Boston, Prince for getting house art? No, but that was great. That was all man. I heard these yorkers talk about New York. How used to this? Right. This used to be there. Right. How come it was always better than it is now? I heard somebody was a mad dog or Hank Somerson at the day by how. And it's true. Now, Stals is a very interesting thing because you're always, yeah, it was a mad dog talking about yesterday, about 20 years from now. Dave Hagen, I'll be saying, oh, Dave Hagen was so great on how his show is, you know, stuff like that. Right. I mean, Dave is good on the show, but is he great? I wouldn't get back to her anymore. I'll be saying, remember those great restaurants I teach along? Well, what is that man? I was just saying, did he fart in there or something? I mean, I love did I do something to offend you? For example, because I love you. He's a little else because he's getting so much more rational. A rest of us put together. So that's true. Yeah. But no, you know how it goes. I don't know. This man is just round the clock. I know a lot of very horny people, including when I look in the mirror, I see when every day. But this guy is just busy. I mean, he's busy. He is a busy guy. There are wishers and doers. And he is an athlete. And he's not an evil doer. He's a good doer. Is what I'm hearing. That's a remittal. 560, 560, by the way, Ferrell, if you're listening, keep your memory from Jeff Cohen. Okay, keep him far away. The people are husband on the shirt leash. Which of these words are phrases best described, soft Florida? We got 450 people. Pull changes it known by the way, Eric. But anyway, public number 92, tropical paradise 55, toilet 54, hot and humid 46, bush laid 27, pleasant 22, guys waiting room 19, total embarrassment 18, after nursing home 11 out to our funeral parlor. Oh, he's got, FBI nine votes. Not too promising. And that's why I almost everybody's gone. WQAM, hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, I think we didn't want to get any, I just wanted to tell you, but the name is that, that was pronounced as Pico-holi. Pico-holi, sex-alive. I have also, with my cellar, not my cellar. Right, Marcellal-stice. Pico-holi, I remember it well. In fact, that's where a general introned to a pickup the waiter. I'm sorry. What? But he was a little bit, he had a little bit too much to do. But they named his treat after him. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. I believe he's dead. I'm not really positive, in fact, the waiter. No, Jim Altnull used to be a T&M morning. With Lenrossel, now she retired, didn't she? I guess. From headline news. In Olen, Russell used to be married to Jim Dunlough. He's still dead. Poster. So many dead people. It's unbelievable. WQAM, hello. WQAM, hello. WQAM, hello. You know, he's being placed on the east side of Flagward, on track. You may have seen. Remember that? No. I remember the red diamond in. No. There was no. There was a bird road in the bird. What ever happened? It was just from east side. It was a flag. Flagward on track. Right. And, you know, we're going back about. They're probably smoking. We're still there though. Yeah. But Chuck's ink was in there back around. Oh my god. Chuck's been 64. My sister went over for his autograph. A little girl. And he said, she would get away from the omitting. I don't know. They're nearly knocked him out. That's Chuck. Yeah. That was a good old day's meal. You've got to taste them. Yeah, we've got to. He was a good ready for some of the sort of. He was practicing for his altitude and retirement, man. Can't make him. Can't make him. That's a good story. Oh, that's the same thing. That's the Skipper ob Chuck. Yeah. Keep your pucky little kids away from the embassy. Yeah. I'm busy. Went to my teeth. Let's give her Chuck. Although, back in those days. Now, in my dreaming or did this slide, I'd like to present up the pan of attention to these ratings, parties and Christmas parties. Wasn't it one year at top of the lakeers? And this joint, it was at an odd day. I think here. What did we did a thing here at top of the lakeers? Or did he have some of those parties? How very sad. It was fun. What do you mean by that? Such as it was. And what was the other place there by I would answer an answer. Because I would say it was like going into a bar mitzvah hall. Into a banquet hall. Right up to Street there, toward where's on the other side where Sunny's market was? Yeah. Was it down to the flamingo? Yeah, down to the mountain. Right. Man. Something. Something with enough. Nothing you would know because there are too many Jews eating there. But it was just, it was closed. We brought you to a bar mitzvah hall. Just a big, I mean two big. Have you ever seen this? Yeah. Oh, no. I'm dropping crap. What the hell was that place called? That's going to drive you nuts. Somebody will know. Not the round table. Why don't I know? Well, somebody will call him and tell. I thought it was within that. Within F? I got something within F. Found something. Something. Now. 5 6 7 0 5 60. And then of course, floor is right up the street. They're one of their still there. They've been on the street. They've been on the street. Once in a while. I think they are. They're still there. I would say that probably all the things. I'm talking about restaurants and retail. All the things in that area that still have survived. Probably floors has been there long. It's not the same ownership or management, but still there. Still pretty good. They brought us food a couple of times a little bit. For us is great. But other than that, no more sunny's market man. Because like you said, you're the, you're not here for a long time. Oh, oh. We're here for a bad time. And he's your got it for his sunny man. I wonder if he's heard white so early in life. Four minutes to loom. We got the mad dog coming up to do a clock. They Hebrew hammered forward. And we got you some really important stuff. Marlins on deck at seven. Marlins played the Braves in Atlanta. 735 tonight as they go to make it nine out of ten. On waxy 790 are junior underlings. You got the hurricane baseball. They're hosting. Who's it? FSU big game. 7 o'clock in the marketplace stadium. Eddie K. It follows all of that cockaraz. I'm a little bit. I'm a little bit. This is for 20. 60 supervisor. This mark. Morgan is the twelve to one hour. I'm 28. On Q&A. number 13. That one. That wasn't a regular bit of sub Byzantium the guy having something on the other side. That little beauty. I don't think I believe in this. Inside the hall there is another one. So go away, hey you! What do I do? I play not me. Okay. I wanna say I'm your peck of me. Oh, tell me, I'll be a roll man. Let's be in a comb. And going to make a... Why do you want to spend you? I know my spell attract you. I know you. But I'm like, sorry you. You've still got such a... I feel so slight that you are my favorite runner. And one you need to win. And why you want to spend you? I'm just like... I'm just like... I'm just like... I'm just like... I'm just like... I'm just like... I need to go to the door. I'm on it, show! I'm just like... I'm a true man. Yes, we do, it's all right. All right, that's enough. It's a double one at five, 60WCM happy Friday, 2A with your letter on. For 1802 votes, that's you and that first pool. Which of these words are phrases best described sound for it as you be seen it? But anyway, public 202. Tropical paradise, 61. Absolutely. 1256, hot and humid 50, bush lee. But 30 man. Pleasant 23. God's waiting room 20 total embarrassment 19. Outdoor nursing home 12 and outdoor funeral power. Oh! 10. Out of pretty picture, you know what? Here's the second pool. We haven't done this in quite a while. It just curious. If the election was being held today, who's your choice for president? George W. Bush, John Kerry, Ralph Nader, I won't vote or I can't vote. Okay? No, we know you can't vote, but you're still in about there. Several turns. Fire. Let's go though. We gotta get the dead people vote in the illegal aliens vote and we gotta get dark people like people. Mokertubber people everybody in between. 560, 56, 10, 10, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. WDQA and hello. Hey, that's Holly. Hi, don't paly. I need to know your view on a comment. My t-man's backlap. On what? On kosher man's backlap. Tell us that. You're no kosher man's backlap then. No. 560, 50, 50, 50, 50. Man, we got so many Yahoo serial on. And it all thinks there were real funny. Ha ha ha ha ha. You know what I'm talking about? Yeah, I'm talking about. Like this guy. Like that guy. Man, oh man. He's talking about that guy. which guy oh the w my student there's one in the right there right there right now oh my god you hear that let's all talk about something of scene of ported graphic basically called to say that I'm gonna tell you how far back this man is taking us in time since all these people are reminiscent of these restaurants which have no idea where that came from but nevertheless and what was it in the restaurant said the on street uh... i don't know so somebody's better know but anyway uh... this is two thousand four i started to say that he's a nineteen seventy six to show you how backward we are one of my sponsors i had an everyday station i couldn't even do this spot now that's twenty years ago uh... the cock and bull restaurant i couldn't say that and it's no bull right remember that they're bible positive and when i was in north mimey the cock and bull restaurant food was pretty good all of the was you know they had cheese and everything they had like the alarm and they had the seat parm table parm and of course she's we find out quite a lot of like yeast in your testing sure does the tiamia kind of like vagina intestines five six seven or five sixty pound five sixty on the eighty and t verizon virus line q a and hello w two a m going once going twice and long gone what a shame that we was gonna be a fabulous call the q a little there's our last chance to be q a i just uh... speaking uh... you have to uh... about a couple of seven of you remember that one uh... back in the early uh... what about that is you were talking about the uh... uh... all restaurants that were at the the world in the seventy maggio the old sunda the uh... the numbers with a little black and the black little black samboyant uh... and i want to and i think you had an online okay i think it was supposed to be an Indian what sambah black Indian the little kid five six seven dark and public opinion five six seven five six five six the pound five six the only eighteen ten the and verizon wireless line on Indian Indian is from India see that's why the time sure we didn't have a career uh... aroma I'm sure he did that keep you and hello the restaurant you're thinking of the fun fair no on fire no nicknames uh... was in the canarters i was on seventy nine feet on the north side of the street on the north side yeah that would be right the north side was it right like about across for what's not a smart used to be uh... that you got me stunk thought it was east of uh... channel seven or east of tenels of no this was west of it okay flars the view for right was between flores and uh... channel seven i would do is in between never closer to a florist i just also mentioned a bond fire restaurants which were talking about seven months okay thanks right by well this is great we are how we fell under this less reminiscent of all the restaurants that used to be around this was a good town ha ha ha ha ha ha ha how many more times have we done this that's very much fun for so many of margon uh... that's me we don't in fact you know what's out of business what's out of business and i like to a lot not that a third much recently but used to uh... back in the day stake in a lot right on uh... she written street now right gone gone vanished and that was pretty good place was just fine that are really really good salad ball if they did and states were so it's very good and was just a good night not real expensive it was just a nice fine place it was fine all we're far right now it's gone what they're often not often enough that's the election we're being held a good you vote for it first 35 post-remember just count the early ones carry 26 bush seven i wouldn't vote one can't vote one eight or none and here's one that says bush is good for Israel how to get that on there to be qa and hello the real rager show i think you're part this is the new rager show so yes yes i'd like to talk uh... the riders of call from palm day florida oh my god here's a call from palm day hello they how you doing there now are you just on my old stamp and ground my and he beach uh... well you know that i want to go to curries over there on seventy nine street and all boarded up curries very stake house never in street causeway never heard of it no uh... northeic norm in the aisle it was all boarded up uh... the same place and i think i won't buy wolfies and all quite they were close uh... there close their long run man hopper next wolfies all in long run all those places where you get the free stock uh... you got it that's why long run that's right we wide around but i want to tell you i get your signal and good here i'm almost in uh... no board florida right and oh that's where you are yeah but i could hear your signal better than what i'm in west probably better than the people in the hollywood yeah that's a lot of the great day like that palm a floor up there by Melbourne you've been in palm bay possibly around a lot of skaters well it's right on the intercoastle yeah big skaters like grapefruit five six seven old five six be prime five six the only eight t and t and rise of our list line q m hello yeah what's the clear place begin yeah yeah hey i just wanted to uh... ask you would ever show you a talking about the place for that's it thank you you are all few say my whole weekend because i'm worried about it all weekend the place for that i would find a way that's right now we have written a place uh... yes any time my parents not that i still would ever want to talk about when you walked in there was like a gigantic bankwood hall you can get a lost in there was too big it was like a group of got to wasn't a bucket side right you ring the bell for me right there i think it was dark because they are not the old the end says to see all the silver they hope that they couldn't see it once they said it down losing the ill thanks very much thank you that's great the place for stay now you know what we're talking about that it was a place for stay uh... it's it's place for stay k it's a pity in the oil he and all sonny in the his family they were from Toronto they were from Canada that's right sonny and a market and place for stay a all-imkidian's manner uh... out of business five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eight t and t in horizon wireless life why can't we turn a clock back back to the back of the day when things were great we didn't have this bush mice here in his Tony black to terrorists and for the jiff oh god he makes me want a gag he makes me almost respect the queen w qa m hello yes sir came Daniel he won king yayo yeah yeah what is that that's a joke what does it mean i don't know alas and i mean i know it's a joke you see i mean you can't really you're something they are here bansied about king yayo or just yayo what does that mean i don't know what's going on the call of the means is present cracker w qa m hello you know i mean i mean yeah hold hold my homey boy w qa m hello yeah that's best you had how many juggles would find in your ass w qa m hello but the third man qa m hello what again we'll test me this must be the whole overcustomers from places for state waiting for do we open this is my and local for video 566 you a yeah you know you know you know see you a you know you know you know you know you know you know you know you know and you know have a check you put your name on the ballot the way you were to have a check with no logic and the band all the way to the band to you the right we know story you're like to carry swear and all the much you like we know so we select you better swear go to the you know you know see you know you know you know see you know you know you know you know and not get this you know you you you you you you you you you you go which is live violence on the skin that's correct but yes I mean that's another street where you should be like zillions of ray restaurants up through the county or they still in business what about the hungry in charter and rocky grassy and he's rocky grassy and he was damn good hundred thirty-fifth in the biscuits on the very mafia so I think you're pardon what the sounds that way just because I had a vol movement 79th west to east and say they says a jay juniors I don't I think juniors are just a little before I came here grab my juniors honey full my go deem martens deem martens before my tent my Gordon's the place for steak to bonfire fun fair the barn knickin arthers Tony's fish market on the rocks here's somebody says was the restaurant plus prince a hamlet that was under the biscuit in the 79th remember that no you don't know it was a Danish buffet man was good mmm mmm my my my five six have no forget by the way from now until one but the qn van will be the cracker-cruxet business office see the center is that you went along with him that's the one I don't know neither why so why would you believe a puss like Miguel a came from him why would he doubt him oh who will please not only on the vandal be a thie crexon business offices 28 anyone east open park bullet bar register when free office space for a year enjoy free food from a lactic city subs six eight and I guilty one and only will be the law's law's quoted extra for uh... and still light specials and it's a how much he hates moe tomorrow George has got a busy dayman ten to two to be the best pro-atlet located off Griffin in uh... ninety five and what do you do there what was that all about we uh you know managed the wheels been in there all the ways to be a little bit tries to be sure to try their uh things in fact the Griffin in five ninety five that's close enough to go with the eyes and a bionce and a guy with a fact bag right all of them come on by then to and maybe a rick rick back to rick oh yeah yeah rick come on by and then from two to four at four you want çocuk being located 1-1500 about how we operate and goggles mark up your pop up car program 15 will be new police and we had them on the roads kill aim over the weekend make sure you go to that movie that you am hello yes sir i've got my 18 year old nephew women may be because he's too broke and one woman may be living out of the backless car and he's all excited because it's his first chance to vote yes and he came to me last night and said he's not for positive but he's pretty sure he's going to vote for Bush and I have to mind he said well because somebody told him that John Kerry was going to raise taxes and it suddenly dawned on me that my nephew was the average American dollar right right exactly very well said Tom congratulations for being Joe average yeah thanks Pally kick his ass out he heard somewhere maybe a little bit hurt that he's good for his real man those every time that we got side of our list so it's good for Israel I'm so happy Bush oh man that people my six heart of my birthday I don't want no I don't want nobody I don't want to hear about him I can't I don't want to spoil my whole weekend okay John Kerry that's a crazy idea yeah John Kerry actually says I cue larger than his thumb if the election we're being held today who's your choice for president that's our poll question as this is if they're all we can long hop on it 101 votes Kerry 73 Bush 18 Bush gets 17.8% there's that 18% again you can't move them for a lover money okay if he squatted right there and dropped a big one in the White House Rose Garden right now they'd sell say oh man that was the best I ever seen hazelnut I won't vote five rathmater three there's those stubborn 2.9% who just we're refused to stop giving away their vote and I can't vote too we got a peer WQAM hello oh yes sir yeah oh well you're on a foot of put a link on the website the A wall bush yeah yeah yeah it's a good site tell to tell to all about his okay thanks come to QAM hello yes sir will I am yeah I remember to paint it worse I remember the name where was the painted horse it was on a this came boulevard about 107 I'm in the 40 something like that yeah absolutely you remember then yes I do the original small report yeah and how about to you sweeten house I know I can't wait I'm I didn't say I cared for both of us for a sport yeah okay I'm gonna take all thanks there's certain words it shouldn't appear in the name of the board horse is one of them painted horse how about painted Senate cat yeah we're gonna open up the new Chinese writer because of the painted Senate cat I'm like a little bit about the bears and all kinds of cute little animals in the back of the home when you pick what it's like it's like when you go to a seafood restaurant you pick out your own lobster tiger ball soup right that's right to cut your own tiger pick out your own civic cat well what's not polite it will horn shakes well I like to run over there it's got a kind of cute oh great we'll cook it right up for you WQA and hello hello yes this is Neil okay I'm good how you doing okay is this really Neil I think so last time I checked nobody also like this it's too long I bet you went on time go I listen I thought you met Ramondo's on 79th street I remember Ramondo's yes how about Gallagher's is another one do you remember Jean Chepard sure I came upon it borders and then oh it takes us with you like to have a cup oh no he would put me in a coma I know I know you're boring you're much better you are so funny well at least I'm alive anyway he used to sound like he was right in now it off he is good that we had him on overnight on KT because you know it was the time you want to go to sleep and he was perfect for it right kind of like a pre-pre-cursive jury witsner yeah I mean whether it was when I was a kid back and I was I had but I didn't hear but no all of my life oh my god well nothing's perfect have a great day sweetheart thank you bye bye bye bye and what were you just saying oh nothing I was just messing with it oh well no miss you is a nice lady okay just because she's all like me you're gonna get a little something like an idiot what you're like my mom no that's bad she's just a little nervous okay nevertheless man you are really a I think it was a space you they go really really they don't know how it works we've been doing screenless this year and it seems new working out okay I would they do we get some good cause we get some goofballs we get some ball busters some blockbusters some slackbusters some Julio some uh well that's a variety man just spice up your day a little bit and this got forsaken toilet you're not kidding me you tell me that's great tropical paradise my fat ass man who you can not that's it they proper if you if you said to me that like uh huh a lulu or something like the tropical paradise or like in the south seas or some of South Pacific then I'll say hey great no problem type baby right yeah but to give me oh this is a tropical paradise but this is a world past city that's when I always get to me an ocean front swamp world class city what city are we talking about I was thinking that when I was shaving this morning good thing I don't use this straight razor floor just head of a gay razor well what kind of city we talking about I mean you think of Toronto and it's like I know what we're talking about you think you should kind of where we're talking you think of New York and we're talking about Manhattan mostly right you think of L.A. well you know I don't think of that but uh but here what where is it where is this city ain't by go downtown Miami for lobby there you talking a lot soul is basically right well what else South Beach the South Beach 10 blocks 10 blocks of uh heavily 10 bags over the rest of the mall sprawl bodybuilders exposures and then you've got a bunch of malls you got the saw grass I mean the fact that the saw grass is the number two tourist attracts on the state behind busy world what does that tell you what is that say what what is it a sea of the saw grass can you tell me besides a sea of cars the purple power of entrance yeah and the uh the city can the city can the city can they have the Asian cuisine oh man what are we talking about I guess it must be all the silly people from birth here you know and portagacy's yeah they don't know better I don't I mean it come here by and draws by bus loads to the saw grass to shop for what you will how many I'm trying to think when the last time I was I was in it like like wise years years is correct and you know something this fat old fact right here I watched them build it for my backyard right when I lived on a hundred twenty first we ever had at that house the other house around the uh no call the sackeder when I let's only very short from where I'm now but when I lived there I could find back yard see them building the saw grass you know I mean there was nothing there right swamp right because when I first moved the acres about 14 years ago there were nothing there it's long and now every inches in the house over here and it was not so over there we got one house to show you how crowded is we got a house very close to mine that's built like it it's facing the wrong way now how's the spacing this way the dry the the the grige is facing this way in other words if you when they approach the house there's no way to get in the driveway you see what I'm saying yeah I'll say go up over to law my guess I don't know but that's how crowded is but what what is the attraction there I don't know if I want to go if I want to go buy something like pick up a couple of nice shirts like this which you haven't commented what my shirt is I did be the first time you were when you were here right I wore yesterday no before that once before yes when you were here the last time I were at the other end then just in case I saw mode today when we're present but in any rate I go to doors I realize that that mallet what it used to be the broward mall but it's the right one at least our malls got a pennies right at the boardines it's got the dillers it's got like some stories that somebody heard of before parking is respectable right that's right you have to park 45 miles away good exercise the design rest it's about it I got the legal seafoods but that's a restaurant that's not a reason to go to a mall you know what they should call out place see legal seafood in Boston is great I want to call it one here yeah you'll see food I truck shrimp airzots okay airzots well I do have really good team you have up in that it's a very sad anyway I don't want to sound better because I'm getting out of here real soon it's been a real treat it hasn't really been that bad to be honest with you okay he says out the early in the week the rain yeah but you know it happens crap happens lord of rain yeah 27 past noon five sixty w two m in our tropical paradise spring in the savings right now and save like never before in a great new car truck from arm strong Toyota of homestay you'll find among us one and they sound far to you but it's only twenty minutes out of eight thirty six arm strong Toyota homestay's worth it right because they're gonna save you so much cash they're gonna save you thousands on great new Toyota's check out the great least deals waiting for you now at all four camera your four runner just two sixty nine a month or forty advance how about an all four highlander your pay only three oh nine a month need a truck how about an all four Toyota 10 with the safest truck in America just a hundred seventy nine a month or forty eight months and these is just some of the great fantastic unbeatable savings waiting for your right now at arm strong Toyota of homestay and general manager David Richen is Staffel do whatever takes to get you into a great new Toyota today so experience the arm strong Toyota homestay difference are locally owned and operated and they're committed to a hundred percent customer satisfaction which even includes the open late to late nights in their service department to make sure they get all your service worked on easy to find their right at the corner of U.S. one two ninety-third in homestead twenty minutes out of the old eight thirty six and wait till you're this listen open up both ears arm strong Toyota homestay off is your free tires free batteries and replacement parts for life that is absolutely correct tires batteries and three parts for life nobody else nowhere does that so forget about those big song dance blowhars those mega dealers and car giants who always give you the big song to dance and let you down call David Richen the GM and arm strong Toyota homestay for an unbeatable vehicle call three-o-five two four two thirty two forty seven three-o-five two four two thirty two forty seven drive a little and save thousands on that great new Toyota today at arm strong Toyota of homestay I'm lost I don't want to say that I'm rushing things but this might give you a clue when I've played next time like I cut up here. It's not just the one to two hour it's a phenomenal Marrying there me Don't want to be too cruel this together These said they were love But now they are broken up Won't have to speak too cruel this together I know they're dying all day I know they're dying all day I love the two 12 30 to a 5 60 W. K. O. M. Actors HIV infections, thrice, porn industry Ready for that? I heard it Well actually there's an update on this Let me just check the footage report Because this is the kind of stuff that he specializes in Hang on a second, miss five, I'm looking I'm looking Because I saw he had an update on here earlier That there was a second story Hillary says she would not accept the vice presidential nomination I've seen that Here you go Second test positive So production of pornography is all that I'd probably a ice-crop plot would you think Must be The produce made it up Many major pornographic movie producers Including the industry's largest of agreed to Shukdown sets for a 60 days Because two stars tested positive for the HIV virus At least 45 men were under voluntary quarantine Because they had sex with the HIV positive Performers of their sex partners Said Sharon Mitchell of the nonprofit adult industry A medical health care foundation The first performer to test positive Was conscientious about having HIV Test every three weeks She said and last week he tested positive for HIV Follow-up test confirmed it Mitchell also confirmed that one of about a dozen women That performed head sex With his guy, I feel also tested probably The reason is right up to things Sorry The L.I. Times have identified the performers Disacted during James and actress Lira Rocks R.O.X.X. A list of quarantine performers Was placed on a web of the foundation It's screens about 1200 I don't movie performers a month For HIV and other sexually transmitted diseases How do you like that? So there's shut down production now How many thousand other movies are waiting for you out there? About 30,000 others Second way Of course when you wake up on Monday morning and find that The TV attorney general has had a mal-confiscated I'm over the weekend I should go out there and buy a whole bunch of them Right, we can make more Who's we? Well, not us. You mean the overnight movie? We can get in here anymore? Yeah Blad and Anthony How's your castella done? Haven't heard of you? You keep saying you're going to call me No, I keep telling you from you Maybe you don't like you anymore Maybe he realizes you didn't go to bathroom Like I did 200 200 Ha ha ha 200 Both sound a fool of the lecture we're being held today Who's your choice for president? Come on Find a bad wagon Okay, why see some enthusiasm? This is pretty weak John Kerry 151 75.5% George W. Bush's got 31.50 and a half percent And a woe is us if he gets in again I won't vote 10 Ralph Nader 4 And I can vote 4 Ralph Nader's out of 2% Thank God Thank you Oh God Although I hear you might be good for Israel The WQAM Hello What about Wump to pay the two percent? I was very good Yeah I'm not Take the third to pay the shove up yet Okay good Ha ha ha Oh man 5.6 Wump to pay the two percent was on federal highway 3.4 percent was in Bokahaboli Seriously, it was a great place They were heard of it Wow to bad What's that other steakhouse The uponter rosa? Everybody, no that's not it That's uponter rosa Longhorn No Good and close I can't get No, not black and is Angus It's right up there Is it maybe there's longhorn No, don't sound right Never eaten it If there used to be one of those spots It's a roadhouse grill If you like that place Right sure Well, never ate there Well, well I haven't been there long time Because last time last couple of times we were there They're rolled what they used to be Oh, things there They made these rosa Nobody drives the rolls I'll be pulled up to the roadhouse grill I'm going to work with Chris Would be good Hot soft buttery Ooh Rolls With garlic butter Yeah, like sour dough roll Ooh Garlic just Just buttery Because we're having a lot of buttery Yeah We put it on stuff If the mark is in Amsterdam, it used to give you Or garlic butter Another good thing So they turned into hotkey hooks Oh Sorry W-W-A-M-Hello Any other hot to go? Pretty good sir Do you remember the Magnum Panoborce The one? The Magnum Panoborce Never heard of it But suddenly, it's just like a few blocks away from studies Oh, never heard of it Now you have to go behind the floor Shut the door into the piano bar Huh I would think it because it's an alternative lifestyle piano bar In the room of lifestyle? Yes, you know, for gay Ha ha ha ha ha ha Sounds like this guy was in the middle of the movie He probably drilled a glory holes 570560 Town 560 on the AT&T And for his and wireless line W-Q-A-M-Hello Are you done nail? Pretty good? Yep, no Good afternoon, T-S-R Did I let you know a little secret? Yeah You don't have a bunch of chronics They're all me Yeah, they're all you I know Every call is you, I know that By the way, you're even under your name Saw your CV laying around here that the That's where everyone joins in his boyfriend Where do I have what I do with that thing? Don't toss it out Oh no We're saving a here it is A keeper Oh yeah, I mean you talk about groupies His one thing But this guy is a boyfriend The song Let's see Dan the man And then he's got his buddy Chaz And Connie, W-R-M-L-I-D-S And thanks to everyone who supports Rearving Joven And this is real This is this guy's life is Yeah The fact that he calls this show And it's gonna be all this Cronen And all this shows Oh yeah, what other show I don't know On this station? I don't know But how do you know that? I think it's on there Oh, I don't want to know I don't want to hold back to long Some of the koo-mees might rob off What a life What a what a grubby man Let me say it again A top of the park wall Let's see any more If you ever have any Jones I'll talk to Dick Feinberg about that W-Q-A-M-Hello Q-A-M Line one, blows W-Q-A-M-Hello Hi I got his George please No He didn't want to talk He didn't want to talk He said Oh He said He said he might talk to you I don't know you're doing screenless I don't know if I'm a pair of lightning rounds Oh We chedle each hour, maggot lost W-C-L-M-L Come to Q-A-M-Hello Yes, hello Yes, sir Is it real? Sounds just like me, yes If I could say this one more time I may do an A number of my pants Go ahead Oh, here's the one You're the one who got a little point on that Can't hear you sir I just put this big at that table The holes in it, you're like fading out Hello Yes Yeah, no, there was a reason why I just went to the porn stars Yeah, yeah, I just got through a sanded Yes Um And what do you think is going to happen with these movies That you think they're going to stop you I would go on by a whole bunch of this weekend Because we may run in a little short Okay, may run dry Oh 560560 560 on the AT&T Look at that pull now man If the election was being held right now Who's your choice for president at vote for John Kerry 170 758 percent George's deputy, Bush 31 13.8 percent I won't vote 14 Ralph Nader 5 2.2 percent Cat vote 4 Out of 224 I won't 50,000 votes under by Monday morning Or we're going to start with the Bush enough a little bit Oh, I speak at that US Post-Dimitivat from Saudi Arabia We should be pulling diplomats Of all we should pull them on and we should bond their ass Take over the world Okay, I'm telling you take over the Orphos Take all M. Schmartner head the Sheaks over the airman That's where we should have invaded Yeah, make the Sheaks shrink this when I model for this coming year Bastards Lying grubby Oh brother Fony baloney The State Department ordered not essentially US diplomats all the Penance to the Saudi Arabian because of security concerns you for it And strongly urged private US citizens to do likewise Get the hell out of Saudi Arabia now US official told NBC News on condition of anonymity That the authorized departure was decided on because of intelligence and indicated That Al Qaeda is tying the launch multiple strikes against US and other foreign targets in Saudi Arabia soon And this particular case The law The law The law The law Is that thing real? No A young man Turn 28 The escort the sweetest bag I'll go on the next day It's too many seeds In your dime bag Getting to the party To mince us Isn't it the chronic Don't you think It's not fair When you've met my friend It's free back When you're already dead It's lonely That you just didn't say Who are the sons You get it What's wrong? That you already in I have no one I know I'm a daughter I love it It's like 10,000 joints When all you need is a light It's like having a deal with your treat And then finding out you from friends alone And this is the chronic Don't you think I'm gonna do much chronic Yeah, I really do think When you're gone When you're gone It's free back When you're already dead It's lonely That you just didn't say Who are the sons You get it About 45 to 560 W's Come on, how's it going to be? Time to have on CNN We're going to send BC We're going to send BC We're going to send BC We're going to send BC We're going to send BC We're going to send BC We're going to send BC We're going to send BC We're going to send BC We're going to send BC We're going to send BC We're going to send BC We're going to send BC We're going to send BC We're going to send BC We're going to send BC We're going to send BC We're going to send BC We're going to send BC We're going to send BC We're going to send BC We're going to send BC We're going to send BC We're going to send BC We're going to send BC We're going to send BC We're going to send BC We're going to send BC We're going to send BC We're saying to send BC We're adding BC We're going to send BC Yes, sir Thank You President Have your appointment Okay, thank you We'll send BC Thanks You say Inter Mozzi They also say Is there.. people, tent, call for it at the bottom here in the United States and everyone cheering and you know, all these people, you know. Oh, I want people. All the rest. All the left, all the left, all the left, they're on the antifotters. So let me ask you something. You know, a good snake anywhere in your hood? Oh, yeah. Get some help, baby. Get some help. All the left. Wow. It sucks the oxygen from your brain. Let's see if the lecture will be held today, who's your choice for president, 262 votes, carry 204, 77.8%, bush, 32, 12.2%. I won't vote 17, later 5, 1.9%, I can't vote 4. For punks or for illegal aliens, for whatever. For people waiting at a banana boat just offshore, but they got their puted, that's good. They got the wireless job. Ratings dire. Right. We love you guys. WQM, hello. Hi. Yes, sir. Good afternoon. It's Neil's buddy in Toronto calling. I spoke to him before. How's it going, hey? Good, hey. This is Neil. Is it Neil? Yes, it is. I know. You remember I called you just before, Joe, I first counted a day. No. You don't remember where to call. I was in his phone. How many calls do you get from Toronto? Oh, back. Third by 30 minutes. Yeah. So Neil doubled digits, whether why. Right. You went up date. And figured we'd talk some politics online, but I guess not. Politics online. Well, I mean, on on on on air. Such as, you mean, Canadian politics like you know, of course not. I want to throw my game. I wanted to throw my two cents. I'm going to say a one thing about their liberals, man. What else going on up there with the Mark Paul Martin and don't McGillian, David Miller, the three of them have got as much personality as my left foot. You got that right. Man, bring back my last man. At least he was head of sense of humor. Bring back. Bring back some man in the nice club job to boot. Bring back John Craig, Chandler. At least they had the ball to tell Bush to screw off man. There you go. So when you coming back to Toronto, I'll be there in no time at all before when you blink. I'll be right there. I'll be in the corner a young and bluer. You're a good man. With my thumb out my little luck up. We'll keep this head to know. Thanks. I'm sorry. I mentioned television conversation going. So I figured I throw my- Now we don't want this as Florida man. We don't want to own totally kinds of a station. I don't think I want to say a spurs and change Mr. There you go. Have a great day. You too. I'm saying a gully scow. I'm going to wake up tonight or it's, oh man. They are in a coma. No man Sunday and I don't think Joe Noon likes going to play. He's going to give it a shot. Good Dutch boy. Have you ever been over on New and Dike? No. Pretty nasty Burger King. Adam and Donald's over there on New and Dike. You answered that. I'm nasty Burger King. Nasty or then usual. We're really. Woo! We man. I think you get nasty or then even if you're the Cicacas we'll go in there. No. They refuse. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 60. Can't complain about the cuisine and Amsterdam cause they're in any. There is one really, really good Chinese restaurant. The Mandarin. I mentioned this before. Yes. Again, because it's starting to get towards the town of the year. Everybody's going to go vacation. And we've got many, many people to go to Amsterdam. Good choice. Most of the time. Not in a winter time. Don't ever go there in December. But it's on the dam right. It's on a roken. Which is the same as in the dam right here. There's damn square up in there. No. Well, just pretend. Okay. It's a big wide street like off the dam. Regans right past the end. Scroids called roken. Which means smoking. Yeah. And they are. Sure. Hroken. And just past the madam to those wax museum. The fact that I think Don I'm going to be in winter. Not in the real one. Not a dummy. And just past there. Maybe half a block is a big sign. Mandarin Chinese. Whatever. And you go up the stairs. And that is an outstanding gourmet Chinese restaurant. You won't find no strange animals in there. Maybe eating but not half of that was gourmet Chinese. No. gourmet. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 7. I'm just giving a little travel tip there. Man, you're always saying, well, where's your good place to eat? Where's your good place? WM Hello. Yes sir. Okay. I was going to the radio this morning. I listened to Steve Cain. I'm so sorry. I was a bad move man. I don't know why. But anyway, you had this author on the bottom. And he said, I'm going to borrow off, just finish the block. It's going to be up soon. Memories of Vietnam. And the Pentagon papers. Yeah. And they had their own political guy on that the expert or whatever the Schmuck is. And this guy was. You can hear in his voice. He was. He was so angry at this guy. And this guy was so cool. So calm. The guy had a bad. I was a. Come on. Ask you one question. Yes. Why did you listen to this crap? Because what I wanted to hear with the other side is thinking. And I say, sir, let me say this to you. Okay. We all know what the other side is thinking. Okay. We all know what it is. Don't waste your time. It's like this too short. Okay. Find something more productive to do. Please. I'm serious. Even if this is going to be much more productive. You'll live a lot longer. Okay. Have a great day. See. And when people say that. I want to hear what the other side. I don't need that. The other side is the other side is one and everything. We're right. Search out to find out what they're saying. Turn on the news. I'll talk again to channels, man. That's what the other side is saying. Lies, man. They're lying through kind of leaves as teeth. There's what they're doing. That's right. Man. Yeah. She got to be whistler of different tune. I don't want to say Dixie. That would be bad. Why not? Why just said it? Five, six, seven, oh, five. I'm going to say it again. She is not qualified to scrub the toilets in the White House. That's how close she ought to be to that place. Maybe down the street at the original pancake house or something like that. But definitely not in the White House. Maybe in the White Castle back in the day. Five, five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty. Time, five. Oh, yeah, yeah, you're right. They say, oh, I want to hear what Russia's saying because I want to hear the other thing. Oh, give me a break, okay. What do they want to hear? I wouldn't listen to that crap man. I'd rather scratch my eyeballs with an SOS pad than listen to that crap. And an SS pad. Right. And SS pad. You got it. In fact, let's go to the pad and hang out with the SS. You understand the stop open stack of everywhere. Yeah, but they're good for Israel. Oh, wait a minute. I'm something there. I find a little bit conflicting if you catch my drift. Okay. This guy yesterday seriously. And I know him for so long and why did, oh, why did we get into politics? I mean, what? And he was asking me about the, the SEC and all the restrictions of what we can say on a year and how it's affecting me and y'all got it. And of course, you know, that's set me off. Beat me a schmuck that I am. And right away, I started talking about these fascists and you might mention my name to write some ask from Karen. I did. And he don't tell much in Omo. Two a liberal. 281 vote. Carrie 230 79 percent. Bush 35 only 12 percent. I will vote 17. Ralph Nader, C.L.A. 5 1.7 percent. I can't vote full. Only four. Well, the score illegally. And they got no PCs to be vote on here. They're going down the computer place. Right. I want to open it. Internet cafe or something like that. Right. So much do you think the startup would be on that? Well, I use your putters. Right. Puters. Somebody to run. You can run it. Check no guy. Right. That's all I need nothing. Right. Just pay rent. And that's just a little off. Have like a snack bar down there. Everybody. Yeah. The big one. I mean, it's huge. I think the science says 300 and fit. They have a big sign outside here. The 50, the PCs. And it's a duck and donuts down there. And also, there's maybe 75. I don't know how many there are. And then there's stairs. You go upstairs. There's huge like a couple hundred up there. And sure that the duck and donuts people. Obviously, they paid hard. Right. And then whoever the PC person is, they went to pay the other part. I get in bed with somebody. Yeah. They had the big machines. And you put your chains in. You get your load card out. That gives you like a number. And then you type in your number or the thing. And again, it's on a, it's like happy and elders. Whether your electric rates, meters you. It meters you. So depending on peak usage, you pay a little bit more. Like that. It's all computerized. What a concept. Excellent. And that's that. There's no maintenance. And then computers. Right. No. You get like college punks to write. Right. That's right. Like be to boy. Five. Six. Five. Six. Five. Six. Five. Five. Wireless line. WQA in. Hello. Like be to boy. QA in. Internet cafe. WQA in. Hello. Yes, sir. Remember the famous restaurant in Washington. Yes. I just mentioned that. You were over the solday, amigo. Yeah. How about junior soon? I didn't want to mention that twice. You better get up there. Your friends are being fried by like them. Come on. He's the crab. Yeah. I know. I'm going to say. What's your sister? I'm your daughter. Huh? I'm the two. I mentioned all these. Oh yeah. That's the life. It could be the shortest call you ever made. Well, I mean, he's a good guy. But Jesus, I mean, talk about pondress. We just got through matching all of those. Everything. This is like, oh, I'll get my head. I started a pound from that. Just from him. Well, that's sad. What happened to him? I think they got a hole in him. I think they got a hole to him. You know what I mean? No, no, then. They're side. Hahaha. I want to hear what the other side. And then of course, all that love this side there in Berkeley, though. Hahaha. The left. Oh, the left. Oh, get one. The left is very simple. Then idiot you man. Just to see the one thing about the right. Think it's making a physical along like misfire. That probably was Mrs. Fludge's boyfriend on the phone. Make a net call. So I'm talking about the left in Berkeley. Pretty sad. We got the mad dog coming along at two. We got the Humper. The Hebrew Hammer. At four. All the way till seven boy. Thanks got a full-blood duck at duckit today. Forty-seven. Seven o'clock Marlins on deck. 735 to Marlins. Eight and one start. It's unbelievable. They're hiring a firecracker. They're going to let it apply to the great look warm braves. And on waxy 790 if you're a UM hurricane baseball person. You have the seminals in Marquite stadium. Seminals in Miami. And then Eddie K follows all of these things. My name is a local one. These six is five six. The man is only your son. I'm happy you man. But heads. It's the one to two hours. One pill that you've brought to you. My friends. And then also make you high. Give the boys my house failing to give me. But they made it to you all the time. But go ask one. You should keep you well supply. Please. Founding them football. You'll be killed. Bring me to a higher asshole place. I can have a groom. Well, not good. Posted. Thanks to my friends in a higher moral place. The last room. Should get you some worse than a handful of baseball. I've got my sub-ethics and ready to build those weapons to burn you. If other defenders' friends let's extract the gold out of their teeth. Don't get the crazy thing to do the car in city. As a show of lines of force, we're our glorious leader. And throw us from a lot. You'll get you through your show. My pudding was it. Out of proportion. To justify your ceiling page. Out by our spine. I'll get backwards by doing his friends. Oh damn, I was looking at both the up. These guys used to get three men for what we're with boss. Oh drug abusers. Shot me. I'm trying to get me. One, two, five, six, the WQMXR World Famous One, two, our US citizen kidnapped from Iraq Hotel. Oh, I'm out of piece of the news. Our US businessman was abducted from a hotel on the southern city of Bosra by kidnapped with disguises pulling smandly. Buzra police, so it's you said today. Colonel Collef Al-Malekky said that the abection of the American was of Jordan in origin to place last night had no further details. Including the Buzra abection, at least 21 foreigners have been abducted over the past week in a wave of kidnappings. The abections of coincider with intense violence around the country and most are believed to be mentored out by anti-U.S. and surgeons, apparently for political reasons, no shmidd. And that is surprised? Unshocked. I thought maybe it was just something to do, you know. Or maybe they just want to find out what the other side was like. I was like find out what the other side was like. I was like find out what the other side was like. I was like find out what the other side was like. Yeah, the other side. Speak out the other side. Wal-Mart, maligned Wal-Mart launches PR offensive. You know what I think about Wal-Mart don't you? No. It's Shankai Shrek once said, a hubman drew it. Pick an order to tell us about it. Anyway, Wal-Mart's love offensive is begun. Hoping the counter to the blizzard of negative press around in the world's fastest growing corporation. Company spokesman are pounded at pavement, meaning with maybe in community groups around the city. Of Chicago businesses. This is from the trip. Sometimes I'm sorry. Their message Wal-Mart offers better paying jobs with better benefits than most retailers. Wal-Mart doesn't hear it. Other businesses in the community. Wal-Mart hasn't disemboweled town of America. That's a question. Hey, what time is it? Get them on an era America. They have to find a show on an network. The strategy of official said to me, the Chicago sometimes had a trail board yesterday. It's the finally responded of a luminous attack against Wal-Mart. Many of which are inaccurate they said. They said, no more will the Arkansas based retailing BMFB content to satisfy customers while ignoring the press. We've gone unfairly in the line said John B. Visio, Wal-Mart Regional Director of Community First Amendment and West. There's a real misrepresentation in the facts. Well, that was a raspberry. Okay, well we know that. Got to clarify if it's a raspberry or if somebody pass them or cut some bad cheese because we can't cut no more cheese can't we? No. So Wal-Mart is trying to like, I mean, what's the point? What is the point? Be like a liar. Like a liar. Be like Charles Manson, how in a PR region, you know. 244 votes. If the election were being held today, who's your choice for president? John Kerry, 275, but 80%. 80%. George W. Bush, 38%. 11%. I won't vote 19. Ralph Mayter, 6.1.7%. 6 people really need to be kept home on Election Day who need to be tied in the next day. And I can't vote 6. That's what we got so far. W.C.A. and Hello, not there. 5.670, 5.6. Town 5.6. The only AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. W.C.A. and Hello. What is it? Q.A.M. Okay, well, I don't have to call you back if you want. What happened? It sounded like he was being kidnapped. It sounded like he had his head right through the exhaust pipe. Maybe that was a business guy. Maybe he was at my... It's not for... I just... Well, W.C.A. and Hello. Hey, Neil. 40 years ago, my wife voted for Bush because she said about something about the Elyon thing, right? Yeah. We were watching the president the other day and I got her a whole who you voted for now. And she goes, well, still works. But you have to do it. Because you would have moved seven and earth if you would have known. I was like, you want to get one chance for that and they did it when they got into the election. Well, what happened? He would move seven and earth for what? To prevent 911. That he would have... If he would have known. I see. Well,簡單, that you want to see. Don't beんable. So then I go to her. You know, it's all... What would be better than you to do with sunny boy? Ha ha. I didn't quite hear that last part of anything I wanted. He didn't want to say anything dirty. I didn't hear what he said. What is that you just Before you can say this with you we got want to say microwave bacon nuker Oh, yeah, yeah, it works. You just got a draped lots of paper towels around it not like a chosen the instructions I made paper towels around they let's you really know you're my call it pastel all right I get that microwaveable bacon they just don't know no, not sizzling after you're what the brand is it's Canadian bacon a And they just put a couple of paper towels there you you believe this stuff out right there And there's 70 seconds and there it is right in crispy man There ain't nothing like that crispy bacon. This is a rack a rack it's from a rack right now. Oh no That's that that was from a rack but this was from hunger holy moly get the butterfly net. Okay. It's still loose 5 6 7 0 5 you know one of these days I should probably leave it on for a while That could be dangerous. Yeah, we have a dumb button leave run on that's y'all run by the way I'll be out and catch you in over Monday morning. What is they still want to prize a show to collect it? Oh, I can't wait. I'll come back for that WQA hello not there online too. WQA Yes, sir. Have you seen here weapons of mass structure and the I'll be going WQA hello I'm good WQA hello. It's the big one to two our man. They're out of a cereal big time. Wow. What's wrong? Get in this guy. Yeah, that sounded like mo. It's a loop in it He was doing that y'all got that thing. I think it's well and listening So let me say to get I take back whatever I said yesterday. There's no hope for him I've gotten the insights by report from several people in the building 8 no changes the old mom my stroke case the Sanchez is crap no changes. I think that was done That was done one that I'll be gone Oh, look at us the nice and two-sand legislature ready to reject governor Mitt Romney's bill Governor Romney yesterday asked legislative legislature for special 30 to ask a stay of the states of pinquotes judicial landmark ruling that legalized same-sex marriage But set a president Robert e Traveling immediately dismisses requested an attempt to accommodate a political agenda And we know what agenda that is the other side Well, Romney clearly wants to legislate the passage's measure and conceded that if the bill he filed yesterday is rejected same-sex couples will be able to wed starting May 17 when the courts were going to go into a perfect if the legislature refuses So far as I know and based on the best judgment. I have a display. It's done Romney said starting May 17 and I think George has got the best attitude about that whole issue. What's it to you? Exactly. Oh, what's your take on a game urge? What's it to you? Why does it affect you? What why are you concerned about these people? Believe it. I should do all the money you all business. That's my suggestion You okay too many inches and you know what what's your name in the paper from Avengers? I mean I don't be a enter or so I said that to her That bitch WQM hello A yellow one is more power-case like WQM hello WQM hello WQM hello Yes, sir. Why change the subject a little bit? Yeah, I'm sorry. What do you know? Hey, Ben and Jerry's a Double in mud slides. Yeah, you have a check it out. No, never heard I Yeah, it's kind of new. I mean I want to keep you around. You know, I don't want to copy Comfort coffee crunch man. That's what I'm addicted to coffee. This is probably runs a close second That's right out of just but I want to keep you around. You know, I won't try it out. Thanks. And just why do you need this a new ice cream flavor? Don't not You ever had the coffee topic crunch? The Ben and Jerry's yeah. Yeah. Oh Even better I think for missiles turtle. I like stuff like butter fingers and that it gets stuck in your teeth So you can enjoy it all day long. Mm-hmm. The butter fingers bar Amen. The butter community. See now all the candies are like sniff-resized cream and it is butter fingers ice cream and it also have it on the stick and all this Which instead of which instead of butter on stick. Oh boy stick boy. No, it's poison on a stick. They're killing us man. They're killing us Very sad and you know then everybody that I know Eric you don't seem for while like my friend yesterday that loves Israel He has got a puppet man. I think what he's trying to do is he'd like to be a real-shuron junior That's not good for Israel. He every else your own junior. I mean get serious my friend you are just a giant in Whatever your industry is huge you mind yes And I sympathize because as long as I've known this guy all through these like the people you keep talking about your brother And all the other always the same thing is always a and a perpetual lifelong battle and he's gonna lose it Right I'm a ballerose who filmed the blank right I'm gonna go to the room He's literally I and just before they tell me that getting sedan out of there was so good for Israel Just before he tells me that and he tells me that his trackness arises a thousand and his cholesterol is like a four Whatever it'll was some grotesque unacceptable number. I'm thinking of myself holy crap is what I'm taking You know what I mean yeah, I'm not coming here in course Zach in the beast. There's still Wiling about his biggest ever. I mean just bigger than life itself. We should start that office pool Of what who's gonna out and then I'm picking on him and then this morning who's done over here to my right I thought oh my god I'm looking at him and I'm thinking of myself He's leaning on his cane right and it's a good thing and that that thing's got good balance You know, I think he maybe it has one of those little tri-pods on the bottom Let's get to one of those little bubble level bubble. Oh, man I'm looking at that. I'm thinking how is it possible that you can still be alive? I mean just And didn't he go in for what was the operation? He said the hip joint and the hip bone and knee bone and his leg is ankle He's hit man his legs are disintegrating from the right from the weight the first fat front who died From fat we're just dying. We're gagging on it. Please give us that pill. Please please cracker please give us that pill Why sugar pill? No Come on it's after one at five sixty WDQ and pop at a park racing and poker features the only nighttime horse racing in the entire state of Florida Come on for a night of excitement watching way dry live harness racing or come play poker plunger guts Coming up a week from tomorrow next Saturday April 24 pop at a park will present national recording artist any Cornelius We'll perform his hits too late to turn back now and treat your like a lady That's any Cornelius from kynidus brothers and sister rose Plus there'll be hot action magazine motorcycle 0 2. I still say I'm waiting for Gary Pugget the union gap Look at it just a half mile from both on 95 the Florida turn pipe. It's easy. Get to the track and best of all Pompano park features free admission in free general parking everything. I'm gonna tell you one thing If you start picking on my friend Toby there pop at a park with a program is an act like a bunch of animals I'm personally gonna have you checked in the round-ed up Live harness racing in the poker room is open every Monday Wednesday Friday and Saturday like tonight in tomorrow poker starts at noon goes on till midnight and live racing gets underway night. They at seven o'clock p.m. Pompano park is also open for great sign-all casting seven days and nights a week featuring the best in harness Thurber and highlight action from all across North America. See the watch and wait you run watch out for Mark McDonald Pompano park a block south of the United Boulevard on powerline road call nine five four nine seven two 2000 into the curr race schedule We're gonna also fight it online a Pompano park talk come don't forget a great live racing card line a Pompano park first post time 70 five into p.m The I'm gonna go on to the next one. I'm gonna go on to the next one. I'm gonna go on to the next one. I'm gonna go on to the next one. I'm gonna go on to the next one. I'm gonna go on to the next one. I'm gonna go on to the next one. I'm gonna go on to the next one. I'm gonna go on to the next one. I'm gonna go on to the next one. I'm gonna go on to the next one. I'm gonna go on to the next one. I'm gonna go on to the next one. I'm gonna go on to the next one.ól minutes at last five. Never go to the next one.這邊 behind me Everybody is captured! It's really close! Speaking of him, Torzanyu will tell these gang golf-fazic may 14th of the Mikasuki that the Indian joint. You can go to wqm.com for details just click words as a Vance of Kashi 85 bucks for the whole day lunch dinner gong in call for more details 954-431-0859. 954-431-0859 and all proceeds benefit under perverse kids in South Florida. It's for good cause as opposed to the Qm online auction which is for a bad cause. So the bee's least can stuff the line near pocket as they knew. Grabbing those straight. Well I still can't get over that. 402 votes under pull are second pull of the day. Anti-electro is being held today whose year choice for president we have another today long long and a coupons age. John Kerry 322-80 percent. George W. Bush 43-10.6 percent. I won't vote 22, Rath later 8-19 percent. Those eight postman might be the difference. Those might be the answer they can make up to tip top top and Florida again never learn your lesson to you idiots. I can't vote 7 7 Georgia's neighbors. You know what? WQM hello. QM. Going once and you're gone. WQM hello. Yeah. Yes sir. Body goes on. Okay it lost. Fine I guess we're not a material. That's it. Got to what a clock it was kind of like oh listen you're a call at the beginning before the show that you want to give me three pages of the log and I said you want to get a call. I think it's just three hours a little bit of a mistake there but I think it may have been patient. I'm sure just part of your own give me three pages of log in other words one for three hours. And if I'm in smart I said hey that's a good idea. Well just make it in one o'clock. Well put supporting news radio on for now. Three hours is just I mean my fan here today anyway he's he's been key wife your summer doing who knows what whom and a clearance he's out to lunch. The only came and said bye bye I see you next time I said get out creep. So it's basically it's all us WQA and hello. Yeah yeah sir. Hi you doing okay. I tell you I'll still do I got a city I'm ashamed of you. What's going on. What? I said that I said you I'm ashamed of you. Your words are going on. What is that mean? What was that mean? Yeah he told me. He told me. I'm going. Yeah probably your comments on it. It's really. We're saying I'm going on. Nice try. I'm a strier. I'm a strier. Pooley or Bavali or a bit of jubin. No. Jubin's at least no idea. It's singular. WQA and hello. You right? Nail how are you? Pretty good. It's a long time listener. One of the most favorite pieces that you ever did was when the tamper's just came to town. Uh-huh. And you were going to a hockey game and someone asked you how sat rich gotten seen. And you said with two shoe horns and many experts I almost crashed my car. I'll be there. Well you did a great job. Keep up the good work. Okay thanks, Pally. And speaking of that by the way, where the hell is that thing? Well we should have got a lot of stuff in here, you know? It'll fat rich reminds me of my mother. WQA and hello. Put up the toy. Thanks, Moll. WQA and hello. Up there. Yes sir. Oh man, I just keep for myself. I touch your plane tickets with all these restaurants and my any beach and nothing to lose and these ice cream flavours. I guess you can take good material. Yeah we're just recycling old crap like this car. I'm good looking up on the old. Okay you too. Okay, we'll be recycling old crap. WQA and hello. There you have it. Oh thanks. You see that they would have long gone once more money? Yes. Okay yes. And where are they going to get it from? Not from this organization. Oh, the organization. Right. And closing is Paul Castro, hold on. WQA and hello. All right. Hello. Yes sir. Um, couple things. There's two great restaurants that the old restaurants do with the toast in the Fringed Hamlet. The toast. Oh, right. I know the toast is a sponsor mine. What's up with this name? Oh man. Toby. Toby. Could you can take? Toby in the toast. And thank you. You know from the station the other night. What's your talking about? God has destined him to go attack the other fanatics. You know, we're going to discuss. Right. And God is on our side. That's what the Nazis said too pal. That's what the, that's what osmours. All of them. All the desperate. That's what they always say to us. God is on our side. Inquisitors. Right. So they always say the evil doors. That's their first line of attack is God is on our side. He wants us to win. WQA and hello. Ah. There's that sound again. That's Bell-South special, the speciality. WQA and hello. Oh yeah. Yes sir. I know a no restaurant. How about the Golden Spike on the US one? Yes. Remember that? That's a very old restaurant that was in, I mean this is really the guy. I thought I'm almost there. I mean, I'm almost there. I'm almost there. I'm almost there. I'm just starting to sound like they've been boring doing a Marlin game. Jesus. Talk about coma and do you see? We were just, all I did was just ask about long restaurant and place for a steak that was on Saturday on sweet causeway. And then the guy called and we're talking about a few different planes of juniors. You know, that was right around that area. And now they want to resurrect all the old restaurant. I mean, you people have no materials. It's another list. You have no right. That's right. Very, very, very perspicacious on your part. That's all they're capable of doing. They can't have any intelligence verbal in a course even humorous verbal in a course. All they can do is look, oh, I got, like yesterday. It was a closed list. It was a, it was a, it was a fantastic for my mind. We need anything to it. And all of a sudden, oh, here's another one you looked out. I got one more for your list. Forget the list. Okay. Forget Franz list. Heidi list. Man. It is so pathetic. What about the ranch house? Where is the land? I know. I was waiting for it. I'm sorry. Slow. WQA. Hello. Yes, sir. Okay. Quick question. I'm just for info reasons. Maybe some of your listeners might want to know to maybe you might know. I want to know if those pills work. What pills it does? I had, um, sized to my package. 56056556080 TNT. Don't be saying, what, after what he just said. Okay, it's not a, a see. This can't help no one, he's just, uh, potty mouth. If it can't stop it, he's got parents in Rome. What do we have in the outgoals team? He's still fattin' disgusting. A lot quite as high as he used to because he can't afford it. But more disgusting. Is he? I don't know. Did you call him about to, I know? Well, why not? Use the apartment, use the apartment, come on. WQA, hello. Marry Kong. WQA, hello. Hello, who am? What is it? Is it a QAM? QAM. Yeah. Mark Morgan show. Oh man, I'm looking for a friend because of the mirror. Who? Mr. Paneal. Oh, he died. He's dead. How can we do a Fourier Pally? Hey man, question for you. But he can help me out. OK, fine. What happened to a Republican's, whether we were Republican's dead, didn't they? You see the party of a conservative, uh, conservative, uh, sure. I'm going to tell you if you read the American Conservative magazine. You'll discover that there are a few of them left, but not too many. And there is disgusted with a so-called neoconsis, all of us that has even more so. Because these people stole their party. You're, unless they're going to pretty upset about it. Why don't they stand up and notice, they stopped them? They just are scared. They are the American Conservative. They're getting the, uh, April 26 issue. You'll love it. It's got a picture of the whole, uh, and Cheney and Bush and Rumscold and Condories with long Pinocan and Pinocchio outfits with long Pinocchio noses. I'll tell you that. If you like the Democrats that have a Republican. Just about that's right. There are no more liberals anymore because it's a dirty word. Now we got to nothing. Have a great day, probably. They're like a good point. Yeah, right, and writer. Well, I'd like to know what the, uh, other side is. You know, you know, it's our side bothers me. Of all the things and all the years I've been to is are the top show groupies. I mean, they're not fooling me. I've been doing this too long, okay. Well, I've heard Steve King. I had a radio I should know you didn't. You tuned it in because you'll see everyone of these damn stupid ass talk shows. We're here to give you a few laughs to lighten up a little bit. I passed a long, some information that hopefully somebody might care about, you know, but generally speaking, we're not going to change the name more on a hero. Can't say radio show. It's our freaking radio show. Oh, but once now, Frankie goes on in an era of America. He's really going to give them Bill O'Reilly a what for. Yeah, and what's that going to do give me a break. God, I'll Frankie. That is so pathetic. And I'm like a zebano of the only last Friday. We can go tonight. If you could have seen him on CNN and that other rink or that prune face, Big say had on with him who some talk to a bitch somewhere. If you could have seen them, you would have cried. I mean, it was so lame. I guess they're talking about the whole of South on free speech in the FCC. And his is, well, I've only been on radio eight days. Oh, yeah, and what are you doing there? You jackass. All Eagle man, plug a virtual, but an egotistical pompous asses. And there's nothing worse than a big top of a top of a digital ass. A puppeteer, a puppeteer. That's what I'm popping this. I'll see if puppeteers barks on us. Oh, yeah, I know. You're such a smart, weirdo-fax, you're a weirdo-fax. You're a weirdo-fax. Oh, do you want to get me more? I want to do it tonight. I want to do it tonight. I don't know if you can get me more. I don't know if you can get me more. I don't know if you can get me more. I want to do it tonight. I don't know if you can get me more. Oh, my head ain't want to do me. I don't need you, see how believe I'm looking for that. Okay. In the mama's, we want to do me. I'll do it tonight. Everybody, they can't. I have no one. You said who I am. I'm a gay man. Say who I am. Say who I am. You heard me. I don't know if you can get me more. And I don't know if you can get me more. But say who I am. Oh, yeah. Oh, do it tonight. Let me go, do it tonight. Well I get it. I hope you enjoyed it, I hope you enjoyed it, I hope you enjoyed it, I hope you enjoyed it, I hope you enjoyed it, I hope you enjoyed it, I hope you enjoyed it, I hope you enjoyed it, I hope you enjoyed it, I hope you enjoyed it, I hope you enjoyed it, I hope you enjoyed it, I hope you enjoyed it, I hope you enjoyed it, I hope you enjoyed it, I hope you enjoyed it, I hope you enjoyed it, I hope you enjoyed it, I hope you enjoyed it, I hope you enjoyed it, I hope you enjoyed it, I hope you enjoyed it, I hope you enjoyed it, I hope you enjoyed it, I hope you enjoyed it, I hope you enjoyed it, I hope you enjoyed it, I hope you enjoyed it, I hope you enjoyed it, I hope you enjoyed it, I hope you enjoyed it, I hope you enjoyed it, I hope you enjoyed it, I hope you enjoyed it, I hope you enjoyed it, I hope you enjoyed it, I hope you enjoyed it, I hope you enjoyed it, I hope you enjoyed it, I hope you enjoyed it, I hope you enjoyed it, I hope you enjoyed it, I hope you enjoyed it, I hope you enjoyed it, I hope you enjoyed it, I hope you enjoyed it, I hope you enjoyed it, I hope you enjoyed it, I hope you enjoyed it, I hope you enjoyed it, I hope you enjoyed it, I hope you enjoyed it, I hope you enjoyed it, I hope you enjoyed it, I hope you enjoyed it, I hope you enjoyed it, I hope you enjoyed it, I hope you enjoyed it, I hope you enjoyed it, I hope you enjoyed it, I hope you enjoyed it, I hope you enjoyed it, I hope you enjoyed it, I hope you enjoyed it, I hope you enjoyed it, I hope you enjoyed it, I hope you enjoyed it, I hope you enjoyed it, I hope you enjoyed it, I hope you enjoyed it, I hope you enjoyed it, I hope you enjoyed it, I hope you enjoyed it, I hope you enjoyed it, I hope you enjoyed it, I hope you enjoyed it, I hope you enjoyed it, I hope you enjoyed it, I hope you enjoyed it, we enjoyed it, I hope to do it, I hope to you, I hope but love the world and I'm full I'm full I'm full I'm full I'm full I'm full I'm full I'm full I'm full I'm full I'm full I'm full I'm full I'm full I'm full I'm full I'm full I'm full Okay I'm full I'm full I'm full I'm full I'm full I'm full I'm full I'm full I'm full I'm full I'm full I'm full I'm full I'm full I'm full I'm full I'm full Thank you oh 434560 W2.0 Well, it's kind of the reason I play that again, a lot of popman, two reasons, on a one plan because we still can. Right. Well, I mean, you know, day one, once the John Ashcroft hears about that, the pro wicked weed songs, or can't play those, no more, or for money, either. Sail and the distribution of marriage we need. But anyway, what am I, I guess, maybe the same Dutch guy that said the past before, spaces me a copy of a menu from a Dutch coffee shop, the coffee shop, Walter White, Amsterdam. Walter, Walter White, the. Okay, Dutch weed minimum by one gram. Right. Gram is small. Too small. Yeah. Like maybe a pinch of its worth. A blueberry, one gram, seven eros. Two grams, eleven eros. Five grams, twenty-four eros. So obviously the more you buy the, you keep it a cost. Right. Super indoor hog. One gram, seven eros. Light melon, ducky. One gram, six and a half eros. Eros like a buck twenty now. AK47. Ha ha ha. Frosty, one gram, eight eros. And later, one hundred percent organic later, whatever it, hell I just, one gram, eight eros. Like hash. Hmm. Twice is not melana cream, one gram, eight, a twelve eros. Taurus. Ah! Whoa. Let's have some bad crap in it. A one gram, six eros. That's got a whole list of hash, pre-roll joints, pre-roll pure, five, seventy five eros for pre-roll joint. One. Probably a big fat one. I think they use the Dutch gold book. Yeah. The hash, four eros. And scunk, three and a half eros. Civic hat. Oh. The, for least blunt, you love it in the half eros. Now what tell us that? A blunt is a joint wrapped out of a cigar wrapper. Also, I'm going to just, uh, cause like fill these blows of the cigar. So that's the only one. A hollowed out cigar. He clevers you. I'm running all right. God, you're almost to get in an Amsterdam. And then also says, we also sell t-shirts, caps, and footies. I was a hoodie, a took. Is that what that is? A took. Took. And now, for easy to do a took, they need put on your took and you get that love. That's what you do in Kansas. What is your hoodie? And then you can back bake. I have no idea. You don't want to hurt him. I know what a took and took. He's the owner too. Okay. You're going to be real kidding. You got to wear a took and winter time, eh? And kind of that they take a took. That's the wall I had to see. So say, let me put on my two gear and see if I can find a finish line. But I doubt it. Oh, and also speaking of that. How did it get so drug intensive? I don't know. Ohio Troopers allegedly find drugs on the American idle bus. Oh my God. Well, that's bad. I don't believe you. You think you're saying? Doing drugs on? No. Can't we trust anybody in American no more? No. No. Cleveland, Ohio Troopers allegedly found marriage, you witty on a former American adult contestants tour bus according to Ohio State Patrol. Troopers. Governor Rubens Stuttords, Turbuses and Cleveland this week. Stuttord was not on the bus, but three people who, when they faced charges, you bet life, maybe the electric here. The bus was stopped because it didn't move over or slow down for a trooper who was on the berm. The corn live with the berm? What is it, berm? I don't know if her to berm a shave. Shoulder? I think that's what they mean. This is not a British paper. This is the, since the Channel 5, the, I never, in my life, I never heard that word before. I might have heard it. The trip was with a keen on unit, which allegedly found drugs on the bus. Well, I'll be dead. You better cut the crash, okay? Man, oh man, American idle my ass. What the hell's going to be coming to next? Well, maybe it's a good thing that we got to that torno industry slow down a little bit. So John, I've crossed has time to catch up. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, P on 5, 60 on the AT&T line. WQA and hello. Yes sir. Are you doing pretty good? Just real quick, if it can give me updates on a radio, the other guys just got for all in Hours sir. No, you don't have to say one. And just, you know, what they're doing also, how is Canada better than with 89 states? I'll just take a little bit of a thing. Okay. WQA and hello. Hi, now. Yes sir. If you do play that back, we had a little radio malfunction. I wasn't in record mode. Can I play what back? Oh, this is idiot. Yeah. Yeah, record this more on. There you go. Reverend Joe's his boyfriend. I wonder if that's jazz or which one that is. You guys don't know that we hate you guys like poison. Okay. And if we had to find a dollar moving sidewalks, you bet you robot bartender. I hope it's the best is off. Hopefully got like guacamole stands on every base. Right. 5, 6, 70, 5, 60. Don't forget, by the way, do we got some of big stuff going on? 6, 8, 9, yeldy. At the Lasola Square, a quarter to extra stuff by for answer like specials. And so how do we get close to the little friend? Yeldy. Squeeze them once and see what kind of a Saudi makes. Yep. And then tomorrow with George from 10 to noon at Bass Pro outlet, located up 3595 or 95 whatever it is. And then 2 to 4 of our 4 to pop at a look at it at 1000. We're a federal highway. That's what. What? I'm not going to leave you anymore. We're almost done. Almost. This is George with your license. We're going to play. Yeah. Why do you ask? Good. There we was just a walkin on the sea stand. You are dead. Get it done, get it. Things are meant from the land of balance. Soon to what it is. Some dead of these good. These good. These good. These good. These bad changes water into one. The next thing I knew we had a limit on a speed sing. And soon I did it. There they done. They did it. The plan I've honestly and the drama on a speed sing. And you like it. They did it. Don't get it. They'll be locked on. What? Don't do my job. My job. What? Don't do my job. They do it all at first. Whoa. Some say he's the son of God. Ah. They do. What? They do. What? There's other people who did so out. Now he's the reason that we have a limit. And that we have a new station. Do you know what? They did it. They done. They did it. And he's the reason that all the Christians were saying. Do I did it? They done. They did it. They placed him. They sent him. You'll down. Me'll down. They sent him. You'll down the middle. Water. They come. Do I did it? They done. Do I did it? They did it. They done. Do I did it? They done. They done. Do I did it? They done. They done. Do I did it? They done. They did it. They did it. They did it. The one for these six four minutes. Still a mad dog or two. We got five hundred thirty nine votes under. And two bad. But we did the first one about four. So? About four, four in the thousand? What? Was it? No, I'm making it at all. Anyway close to a thousand both say that's too bad right nobody in town Nobody around except those of us who just have to be here at least some of us briefly If the election what well? I mean, is there anybody who doesn't need to be? Nothing I think that people who are in South Florida right now are anchored Mm-hmm. You only want to write not anchored is freaky Carl of other front desk Who needs to be anchored more than anybody? 539 John Kerry they vote 446 79 percent That's going John. Up just a crack it up a couple of lunches. Will you please? He's starting to go back to that Monster coma routine again. Don't you think he needs to spruce it up Yeah, oh man Ever see him together with a guy from that body augmentation Buffalo bill Anyway, 544 votes John Kerry we like him only because he ate the other one 431 votes George W. Vostix. D3 11.5 percent kind of shabby day. W kind of shabby just like your performance. I won't vote 26 Ralph Nader 12 2.2 percent and I can't vote 12 But why you're liking it a shot? I'm sure I can't buy 57 Chevy and my driver's license I forgot to mention this yesterday But see you in the silence sitting here on the bottom of my pile Your P and politicians have ruled out negotiations for those Psalmium mama after that take reported to be hem which in turns That it was him offered a true steer of preenations if they pulled out troops from Muslim countries and you know what they all said No, that's what they said no thanks We all think so wouldn't be appropriate at this time Make us look even worse already then we do is what they said 560 pound 560 on the 18 lot we got a couple men survived get 30 40 50 calls in before we leave Hey, never know you never when you punch up a line each one could be or shaking Yeah, it's a crap shoot and generally what you get is the first part. W Q M. Hello Speaking oh I was just I wanted to call because a couple years ago you said somebody never forgot How many years ago? Wow. What a memory? I think it's a couple years ago You said someone said never every four of my impressions people are people and I think I know I read about this war and all this crap now And I just think if everybody remembered that maybe we'd be a little bit better off That's my mother's expression don't get me credit for if that's one of the few things she ever said it made sense Well, I heard you say it on the air and I you know There's so much if you can identify with what the other guys think and there you go But if you take away all this religious crap man all these religious labels and I believe this and my God's better New year is is and the labels are what is the destruction of the world has been all through history It's just it pathetic Well, I get the label get produced from fear and hate. I don't know. Well, they they produced their fear and hate. That's what they're for Anyway, I don't have any more than I did but I was in a fax a lot pal. I'll say you're high demand for you That's a lot ma And by the way, don't be a vianzema I think people are potatoes the only thing the only one who needs labels that maybe Kathy Lee Then laden the mirror for she's got those people working for 10 cents an hour That's right. She clean up her act allegedly. Do we believe it? No, he's a bitch Anyway, we got the mad dog standing by he's coming up next that we got the hump or the Hebrew hammer it for Line here. He's show is good for Israel and then we got what? Hey listen man, let's start worrying about what's good for Israel remember what Kennedy said Asked not what's good for the United States, right? Right ask what's good for Israel And of course if you invite the Shirolo over to your ask him what's good for lunch, too. He's not good for Israel How could things be any worse