This is Randy West. If you can't tell the difference between me and Ron Jeremy, you should try girls. Until we blow up Pakistan. That's a good. We could chase him round forever with our tanks and all our troops, But special forces are so tired of jumping through the embools. You don't need another plane. So let's cut out all the nonsense. And we'll blow up Pakistan. Now we need a nuclear tank. We'll blow up why don't we stop pussy food. And we'll blow up Pakistan. We'll blow up the ground day sounds good to me. Maybe those place? Boom, boom. Jeffrey on. 10 out to a 5 out of 60. WCM happy Thursday to have a good Thursday. We can call it a long. Son of a shine and hear blue skies not too bad. Not bad at all. Son may not be shining in Pakistan too much longer though ever again. Just somebody who fast me a blank page or a decadent of a new cut. I'm not even a blank page. Try it again. Trust me. You asked a man spring offensive in Pakistan. I don't want to be like the Randy Rhodes of South Florida radio when I grow up. Well, you told me before I find just so appalling so amazing. Maybe you just making that up. No, he wants to be a female rush limba. Is he popping? Oh, she's popping something. Is she really popping? Oh, no, I think that's that's ever going to happen. Certainly not with Jim. At any rate how about with the enemaria? We'll get back to her momentarily. Okay, just calm down. You're such a nasty, hateful person man. Just like that stuff they're picking on old mo. Absolutely. He put up Joe. Nice going. What? Well, a lot of somebody else are better than us. I like it. Hey, by the way, guilty. You're a silly little goose. Oh, a crowd's been so good at the panting games because I'm a bad at the ticket. Yeah, if you're going to give away asillion tickets, you might get some asses in there. Okay. Bobby Lillango is God 47 shots last night. They pull out a tie only because of him. He's just, uh, I mean, he made a glove save it over time on Mark Recky that likes of what you'd never Stone your life. Anybody care about it? No, I'm sorry. And I don't care what the a paper says. 17,000 someone. No chance, guilty. You're full of crappy. You're just a little suckling, just a little weasel. Just like a little. He's like a rodent in your pocket, guilty. He's like a rodent in most bag. That's all that movie. Did you? Of my cement. Well, that was pretty good. A bubble mice is in men. Oh, and speaking of a bubble mice, he's, well, we'll talk about Larry King. Dole, let me forget Bill Marck. And people are just, oh, but Neil, he says everything that you say, you're right. I mean, the 80% of the stuff that I agree with him on is like watching somebody repeat back to me things that I've been saying the obvious for like 25 years now. And the other 20% he's so full of crap. That's such a little wimpy, twerpy asshole. You're funny. I am funny. You're funny, Bill. Larry, you're another one, huh? Too many ass kisses in this world. The US military is making plans for an offensive that would reach inside Pakistan. I'll see that I go being angry again. That's on our second poll today, but if I'm too angry, I know the bunch of other things too. US military is making plans for an offensive that would reach inside Pakistan and come in must to try to destroy operations of Osama, your mama bin Laden's. I'll cut an network to Chicago, attributing reported yesterday. The newspaper to report from Washington citing military sources said the plans involved thousands of US troops, some of them already in neighbouring Afghanistan. The Pakistani government denied the rotors that it would allow such an operation and the Pentagon to climb a confirm that said to plan was being worked on. The tribune said to plans were advanced, but the execution would depend on events on the ground. This was not like a contingency plan for North Korea, something that sits on a shelf. This planning is like planning for Iraq. They want this plan to be executable now. One source was quoted as saying, right now. In other words, sufficiently before the election. Such an intervention would be political dynamite for Pakistani President Musharap, who's allowed only a very limited US military presence in his country. He's cooperated with Washington against Al-Qaeda, but is under pressure from Islamic parties at home. And you can't even begin to imagine what's going to happen. Hopefully not, but it just might. If we have like thousands and thousands of troops over there, why do we have to tell anybody about this? Why do we have to make an announcement to the world? Unless of course there might be some politics about the news, see what I'm saying? No. Why do you do that in passing, so get ready for that big spring offensive? Of course last spring would have probably been a better time, right? Wow. Don't go in at all the people who would still be alive today if we'd have done a last spring and might have been successful. You start up again. Hasn't Osama said that they would never capture him alive anyway, but he's given his the one son orders to like shoot him. Right, but he's never to be captured. Those kinds of things too. Yeah, but Saddam was a coward. We already knew right. But Osama, while we'll find out. Oh, Henry Gibson. Okay, yes. I'm always trying to remember who got played the fruit cake at the bar in the magnota. Right. The other part here about the PT Anderson describing the frog scene and what it's all about. That's kind of interesting. I'll save that for rainy day. What's this thing you've faxed me from any dropout about the judge? Yeah, just an Orlando judge said something. And I thought you might find it interesting. So it might be pretty interesting because you factored to me like three different times. That's good. Does. Once. Huh? That was that blank page. No, and you just faxed it again. That's okay. Just relax. So start get all defensive like Eric. Oh, wait to hear this. Well, let's first take a look at that beam pole. Okay. ABC News this morning. Diane Sawyer. I want to say that. Good morning America. Is that the show? I don't know. I can't say any of those shows. But anyway, you were the one that gave me the heads up on that. So I flip over and they're doing a thing about the microphone that Dr. Dean was using an Iowa in his post-election loss rant. What is now known as the rant? And they showed that the crowd could barely even hear him. Because it's a very directional mic and it's a cordless mic that kind of they use when they do their, you know, when they go outside and the crowds. And sometimes the crowd is deafening to them. But on the air, you can't hear it because it's direction like the microphones that we use. There could be like a lot of noise in the background. We could hear it and be very distracted, which it doesn't pay much for us. But the audience so wouldn't hear it. Right. So they're trying to like now say, see he wasn't really ranting and raving and screaming all that much. Because if you put it in the context of all the noise the crowd is making, he was just trying to be heard. We're going to South Carolina. See? And Oklahoma home. If you put it like it. You can't hear it. Can't hear it. There's a good power. There's a good power. There's a good power. There's a good power. There's a good power. There's a good power. There's a good power. See? And of course they've only played it like 4 million times but never less. Yeah, I'm telling you so. Huh? That was part of the story too. So that was part of the whole deal is that perhaps there were a little bit unfair. I guess the only thing they forgot and that they left out was the fact that he came in a very disappointing and weak-thured in the Iowa primary. And it is performances and the base leading up to that election were appalling it best. Hello, I have another chance tonight to be deemed himself. Vignavade in. Oh, look at that. And what we pledge to be. Also remaining in the race hall orthodox Jews. Jeweliberman just winding and moving along winding. The big debate tonight in South Carolina. You're going to be watching it. I already asked you that. Right? I'm going to get a little bit of it. The whole catch held. Okay. Here's the result from yesterday. The election is today between Voshen Dean and just for fun. We were like, fun in it. Who will get your vote? The first half of the show yesterday we'd get carry against Voshen. Carry got about 72% Voshen 18. And a rest said on all of them. The rest of them said, Okay, here's how Dr. Dean did. Dean 785 votes out of 1175, 66.8%. So we did about almost 6% worse. Right. Fewer. Voshen had the same 18% which is pretty interesting isn't it? 2013. I think that's 18% more than 1%. Always 17 or 8% per team percent. This audience is the Voshen people. No matter what you say them, you can't move. We'll have to get Randy on the show. She can convince them that Voshen is the evil doer. So motivated. I can't do it. I wouldn't vote for either 132 and I'm not voting period. No matter what you say, you fat, fat, son of a bitch. I'm not voting period 45. Out of 1175. Okay, that was yesterday's poll and we'll smack can at here's the first poll today. A little bit of a reprieve from all of that bush talk. Well, this might be kind of bush talk too. I guess. Huh? A little bit. Well, not anymore. It's not a fashion. Who's your all-time favorite porn star, Nehler female? And here's the list. I mean, here's the list we started with. Of course, the idea is for you to add some names to it. Who's your all-time favorite porn. I mean, didn't put on there. Oh, there's a couple of them. Never saw any porn. Yes, for those Christians. For all you good Christians out there. Never saw any porn. And you people are perverts. Is that good enough for you? Are you people are disgusting, filthy, heaven, pervert, bastards who are going to rot in hell? Are you people are a bunch of perverts? Okay? Got it. Well, I mean, we got to have an outlet somewhere for the people to go, especially the ones on AOL. Oh. Oh. Oh. Look at the full moment, dearly. AOL took a nation, my pull in, of course. I've always said that most of the people use AOL are a bunch of like, like that. Right. And it goes to sure the good people, the Christians, their AOL people. Aren't you proud of that? Good, better than the me. They're AOL. Once you're all time a favorite porn star, male or female, I put them amber-lin, van be woods, well, I mean, some of these have to be oldies and goodies. Peter North, Ron Jeremy, Randy West, Tracy Lords, Kazuhito Tidalo. That's who Clarence voted for. He said I just love his ass, man. Never saw any porn, or you people are a bunch of perverts, and then you can add some names, though. I don't know what time sure you will. WQAM. Thank you. You're sir. Hey, I'm talking to you. Speaking. Hello. Yes. Sorry, cold. Oh, I'm already cone. I didn't know he made any movie. Bunch. WQAM, hello. Hello, Randy. See, this guy who thinks that we're going to live. This guy needs some serious help. I guess we didn't already know that. WQAM, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, Jenny James, she is no can hot. Jenny James, you're going to run away with it. Yeah. You know, you're a quickly. If I have five dollars, can I get in relief from screw in and get changed back? Yes. Excellent. Right out of the corner there, 4401 and kind and county line road. Oh, she's going in. She's in the up the sun's center. She's the more. And she's also taking money for the homeless voice. And if you're next job, she'll pay you. Good. Like you boys. Grands waiting for it. She's on her knee. I mean, she's on the curb. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Lines. See this a lighten it up a little bit too much bush. Too much bush. I've always said that. Boosh. 1013 at 560 WQAM. But we got a lot of heavy duty cramp today. You know, I don't have to take a puked at Duffstore. I know that he's always going to do something. It's the last mortgage you'll ever need. It's the only one mortgage from financial group. The benefits are absolutely positively. Very good. Zero closing cost. You pay zero application fee. Zero credit bureau fee and zero discounted points. Get yourself the new low interest rate that you've been looking for. Just one point 25%. If you have a hundred thousand dollar loan. Your payments are a mere 334 a month. If you have a 200 thousand dollar loan. You pay only 60. It's a month. What should we finance or get it to a homorgate from financial group? You'll never ever pay closing cost again. So column today and get all the details. Call 1-800-940-LAND. Get the low rate mortgage you deserve. And then move to your next property without any further cost of expense. You pay zero underwriting fee. Zero dock fees. Zero closing cost even when you move to another property. So get that on be believable. Financing rate of just 1.25%. With the only one mortgage from financial group. column today. 1-800-940-LAND. Never pay closing cost again. Financial group. 1-800-940-L-E-N-D. The Renequil housing lender. Restrictions do apply. This is something to change monthly. 4.21 APR. 1-800-LAND. This is for 20.5. 2-A-M. This is Randy West. And as per our phone conversation, I talked to Peter Northy of the day. He tells me your real name is Neil Down. And he's still ain't interested. Oh, baby, I'm building you today. Hey, when you bleed to be having a fluke's nerve. We're having a sale on cameras. Our FHE, we have had about many flavors. We're afraid that there's not peace at all. We're going to be coming back. We're going to be coming back. We're going to be back. We're going to be back. We're going to be back. We're going to be back. We're going to be back. We're going to be back. We're going to be back. We're going to be back. We're going to be back. Christine, may you do excuse me that I bring fault淡? 18 at 5 60 W Q A A M. Hang ala cryptocurrencies. I've gone and picked your postcard cut a day, long nippy side not to bang. There it is. I don't want to apologize to you. I thought I must have emailed him about 45 stories or something because I kept finding really good stuff and pat emailing and emailing and then I see there's only like 23. They're all really great, but so I don't apologize at all, get with it. That's all. This is a great story. Thank you, Muff. Judges insult shock rate victim. This is in Sanford, Florida, from the Orlando Sentinel. This is, let me know if you want the other two pages. Let's write a second about them two more pages. I don't want to go into long. I don't want to read the long. Conresting. Although yesterday, the Michael Mor thing I was five pages, but it was good. I love that. Me too. Circuit judge, Gene Stevenson, shocked or raped victim and prosecute this week. When he looked over the victim, the photo went court and said, why would he want to rape her? She doesn't look like a day at the beach. In other words, I wouldn't touch her with your thing. State attorney, Norman Wolfinger, said yesterday, he might move down the just removed from the case. Haha, can't imagine why. Why would he want to rape her? She doesn't look like a day at the beach. Would you feel comfortable? Would you feel comfortable as a victim in that particular court after he made those particular statements and findings will finger asked? Stevenson 70 said he didn't remember making the comet. Haha. Oh, that's my cottage judge. But a transcript shows that's what he said at a hearing for Brian Joseph Huffman 26 of Winter Park, Huffman is charged with raping, beating, kidnapping, and robbing the woman and acquaintance on New Year's Eve 2002 or the next morning. Huffman who faced up to life in prison was set to go to Trown-Ex Monday before Stevenson however defensive attorney Adam Pollocker is that Pollock told the judge his client was willing to plead guilty of change for a 15-year sentence. Assistant stated attorney Stacy Saman's, Strenuously Objected. She's Strenuously Objected. He broke into this woman's house. He beat her up and then he raped her and after he did that he forced her into her car to drive around with him on a about a three to four hour criminal episode where she was nothing but terrified Saman said in court. That's when the judge looked down at the photo of the woman with shoulder face bruised from the beating and said, why would he want to rape her? She doesn't look like a day at the beach. The victim of 57-year-old woman said she's angry when a judge says something like that. It's a Pollock. She said, apparently he's a very insensitive judge. She's a very employed dumb man. All of a non-aligned Florida, especially in the East South. They're all redneck judge, probably. Jeans Stevenson. Probably can't a jean Stevens from that racing rag. Remember jean Stevens? No, I remember Jean Stapleton. Oh, yes, huge great. Let's see. Here's the fact that says we have a situation in Florida, pharmacies, medical equipment companies and every Medicare-related organization has been in a standstill for some reason as of January 1, 2004. Medicare has not been paying. Your debt is accumulating. It has no plans of changing. Makeers have been shutting down companies without reason all this so that Jeb Bush can have his own pockets lined with scam after scam. Old people are starting to be denied. Services something seriously needs to be done. Says Dario, well, for a little bit late, you people put Jeb back into her gang. Right? Even 44% of the Jews voted for Jeb Bush, or do they anxious, unreliable buddy nevens who probably made it up, but nevertheless. Maryland Chambers? Linda Love Lace. Linda Love Lace. Poor Linda. Ginger Lynn. Amber was just a cheap copy. It says Ginger Lynn. Okay? Whatever you say. How much Jennifer Wells? What's the other Wells? Don Wells? Don Wells? From Kiligand's Island. Don, I'mus? No, seriously, who's the other Wells? There's Jennifer Wells. Put her on there. That's an oldie. Who is the one that was like a gloria Leonard? Get her on there. I think you did your friend Al Goldstone's stories. I don't think I've ever actually seen her in anything. By the way, Al Goldstone's going to be appearing this afternoon in a decandal town of country mall. You look at the floor. Yeah, he's going to be supervising. There's a little bit more on that story from yesterday from the Harold. And amazingly, I better find it now. While it fits in, so to speak, okay? In my pile, way down here. You know, the star I'm talking about. Yes. See, even an old proverb like me is not too crazy about guys that like, going to public restrooms, public tea rooms into shopping malls, out on the street corner, and are like, Dylan out there. Not probably not a good idea. Remember, it was about three or four years ago that somebody first sent us a fact. So a whole bunch of that stuff from crewferset.com. And you'll find just all these amazing places. I'm talking about like, just, I don't even know how to describe them. There's so blatantly public, you know, right, parks, parks and all these aren't good enough anymore. Right. Anyway, this thing about the, uh, polio Estadino. See, you remember polio? No. The Harold, for once, and I wish I would have known this yesterday because I wouldn't use this other guys names, but the Sun sent me all the TV stations, like I wasn't piling on. Or I was piling on. Esther Reno, the longtime Q&A video personality and news anchor of the arts, DIC's, the Miami station for the last three years was among 21 men charged with sex crimes during the two week undercover sting in a min's room at the Kindle Town and Country Mall. Wow. Uh, Estadino, 60 was arrested by about 335 PM January 22nd by an officer in playing Closé was washing his hands at the sink when they radio paused Newsman walked in. He was charged with exposing his sexual organs. Now, as soon as I read that, I wonder, how do you take a leak for example without exposing your sexual organs? You like to do it through your pants? Well, it's the way he did it. Well, like maybe not. We set up the sting operation, if again numerous complaints in a tight statement estimated at 9 any wrongdoing, I used the restroom in the same way any man would use the restroom the statement said. I've turned this matter over to my attorney for propried action. I have faith in God in our legal system. I trust that I'll be exonerated. He's off the ear until the investigation can be concluded is what Mary Ross Augusto of the Arts DIC says. He used the restroom in the same way any man would use the restroom. He would lift it out. How else do you use it? How can you listen? How can you go into a pineapple? I don't know what he was doing or who he was doing. But how can he go to a restroom of any kind even your own at home without whipping it out? Whether it's a sit down job, a stand up job, maybe a two-fist job. I mean, you remember. You remember, obviously, there's two stories here, but you remember the footage that we saw back then when Dwight was doing that expo's a. Yeah. And, but he didn't show us the part where he was a hump and end vishops dead body there. No, that's only editing room floor. Maybe Gail not so bright can find that old footage and get it for us. Some of you are all so far to love to see that. Maybe we'll get Dwight over the hump in the next book. Let's see Randy Anthony says Randy speaks highly of you. She gets carried away sometimes. Oh, yeah, you're right. She does mean well. I would never quite do that. And you go girl, I'm all for her, but I just, I don't know. It says, can't listen to her every day though. Vanessa Del Rio, there's a good one. Huchi Kuchi, remember Vanessa Del Rio? Yeah. What? And I'm not saying she was beautiful, but she was one of the first Huchi Kuchi porn stars. Maybe the very first. Sure. How come there haven't been more Huchi Kuchi porn stars? I don't know. I don't know. Like a porn cruise person. Oh, who would you read? She's in a porn movie. See the loser, but I said, no, man. So she was the bomb back in the 80s as Anthony. I'll write Anthony and I was going at the end of his facts. Anthony says, Yeah, man. So I think that's a message. Oh, don't tell us about that Jamaican woman you made in Walgreens. Talk about the smell of urine. Until after the braille. Until after the braille. W. K. W. Hello. Yeah, I was from Meals Bowl. Yes, sir. Who is it? Gen. Jameson. Gen. Jameson? Yeah. Okay, we got a belly. How's she doing, by the way? Just fine. She's a time for leave. Like you said with eight. You're right. I don't know who that is. I'm sure I'm sure by saw her. Jo Castelo's like, uh, all the dither about her. She's all a tider about it. I've seen, I've seen pictures of her. Never seen her in a movie. Well, I'll be damned. And, uh, yes, you could look for a skank. I hear the time Brady's got a better answer. That's what most said. I'm just going on again this morning about man. That kids got the hottest ass. What do you mean by that? 27 past 10 at 5 60 W. The 70 QM dial a mattress. You can stick your ass in somebody else's. Maybe a whole bunch of people's ass on your great new mattress and dial a mattress. But you've got to make that call to get it. If the old mattress just isn't doing the job for you anymore. If you're not getting a good night's sleep, that means it's probably finito. But, you know, get rid of it. And celebrate the new year in real comfort with a great new name brand mattress and dial a mattress at an unbeatable price. Colour right now toll free. 1800 mattress and dial a mattress is mighty proud. We've had it. Stearns and foster a hewitt to their already strong championship lineup. Stearns and foster is the finest mattress made in America. And you can sleep on one as soon as tonight by calling 1 800 mattress right now. And of course, down on my Chris got all the other big names to the ones you know and love in the covet. Seely and service Simmons King Quirl and tempered pedic. Doesn't the Bible say don't cover that mattress. Two is from dozens of models that low every day discount prices and don't forget. Only dollar mattress lets you choose a two hour delivery window that meets you schedule any day seven days a week from 8 an a.m. till 10 in the p.m. with low prices same day delivery free set of animal let's easy to see by dollar mattress is right number one of customers satisfaction they carry universe even on Mars they were raving about it. They were trelling from it. So do what everybody at Q.M is doing even some people who aren't too bright call 1 800 mattress 1 800 M. A T T R E S or online you can order at mattress dot com. My and local here sports radio 5 60 C.A. 2 a.m. NBC's new hit reality series the ultimate job interview the apprentice starring billionaire Donald Trump. He's a business to please if you'd boss ask you if you want to sex them and his apartment he'll show kids and presents you say I'm a. In business you have to speak your mind don't be afraid to be heard or expression opinion I have something to say I don't feel comfortable agreeing to sleep with you you fired it isn't that against the long to come towards the sweet cheeks fired in that one way you're fired the apprentice Alright he's a business of guys you see my hair horrible here dead cat doesn't matter women across the world want me No, I am with billions you go look and black guy how do you do with the ladies I do pretty well know you don't you're nothing let's ask the ladies ladies if you had to pick which one of us to go to bed with who to be good looking poor black guy or billionaire would dead cat here get hit Don't show I look you look the apprentice on NBC 1033 27 before 11 I can't this clearance man would he's 80 minute the promos with a play by play with the uncle's a jack you're anybody else know if they want to hear a ball game they can turn on a ball game we don't want to play half a goddamn ball game here on the show okay clearance when you get with it you idiot you Can you imagine QA if we weren't all sports he would imagine all right Yeah, how we would do double digit number around the clock. Yeah, I'm so glad that you put that other choice on a second pole. We're going to take later with him For me that was Josh's idea Who's your all-time favorite porn star mayor or female Jenna Janice in 14 Amber Lintensy There you go Tracy lords eight Vanity woods five people a good memory man. Oh man. She was a little evil. I'm worth eight a lot Yeah, I'm done, but she was on a care and carpeted that she always spit it out Especially the you people are a bunch of perverts five Merrill and don't believe everything you see on camera Merrill and chambers for I've never seen any porn three all come on What the clearance voted on that Ron Jeremy three No comment needs to be me okay. Don't yeah Kazuhito to narrow three, you know that was torrent's his vote. I take that back. He said he's got a better ass than Tom Brady any day Peter North appeared Not as lovely as they used to be though Linda love lace one Jennifer Wells one glory a Leonard one gingerland one What happened to you people are a bunch of perverts. Oh five none yet per Vanessaville real Randy West. You're not getting any Randy or honey melons Who the hell is honey melons? Oh this facts. How about Rosa melon melon melon melonon go melonko melonko Is that some Ron popeo put on? Melonko That's what the vagin says he says all I assess Maria I know who a lot of these people are so I'll leave it up to you who you want to put on her honey melons All right, is she came to honey beers? Now this thing about Robin Gibbons until we get some of her efficaced on this you were and I'm not gonna do that She's sucked into that again. He was search on like the local TV news or something before I go bored in there on me here WCWM hello How are you doing Neil? Okay, sir My wife's favorite is steel call steel call steel wine Cote The horse the cold oh C o L T Yes, okay And mine is Ashlyn gear Ashlyn gear Okay, pali thanks a lot All right, take that and get it in gear. Thank you Got those got him five six seven oh five sixty it will do this to one and then we'll put that other one on there And then it'll be more fun to see like after the show with the other boats are not a one-gemen cheese Oh, this is bad news tabloid Titan dies and Elvis is in mourning The former editor of the world the weekly world news is dead Any clons for twenty years the king of supermarket tabloids who made the weekly world news in the wilds collection of screaming crazy headlines in journalist mystery Died Monday in salt spring, the roll calahue was 56 reportedly left the paper three years ago And that was the other way you died from Mr. Klons as editor announced that Elvis was still alive reported that doesn't a US senators were from another planet found the lost continent of Atlantis near Buffalo And uncovered a bad boy living in a west Virginia cave. Yeah, the weekly world news is a panic Even Miguel would like it because in the front of the one they're showing here in the story cube a launch of shark attack on US I thought yeah So what about that to make it lady in Walgreens the urine lady the new to prove urine lady. Yeah I'd let her smell something Luda take oh Rich Packer census this he did it again, but this time on national TV Aaron the Grooter a black syndicated cartoonist is getting his own prime time TV series on fox Called national security adviser Condolizer Rice a murderer for her role role role in the Iraq war Well, I want to make sure that gets on a graduate port right away and on newsmax dot com and all the other ones that had nervous breakdown about me and that Condolizer song Let's see if they hop all over Irma Gruder again a dark-complexed guy He made the remark is against unignationally syndicated TV show America's black forum hosted by syndicated columnist and fox news contributor Juan Williams The creator of the popular boondox comic strip reportedly caught some discomfort at an anniversary dinner for the nation magazine last month When he told the mostly anti-war audience, I've met Condolizer Rice and caught her a murderer to her face. You go boy and I's going In a Sunday broadcast of the black forum show McGruder speaking from Los Angeles repeated the epithet arguing that Rice is one of the administration's biggest talks Advised a present on a war that led to this slaughter of innocent people in Iraq Some of the black panelists assembled a Washington studio winst at the remarks, maybe it was a little bit too much truth for them to handle, okay? Conservative syndicated columnist the dark-complexed Armstrong Williams rebuked the cartoonist who strippers syndicated more than 250 newspapers I can't get over the fact that you labeled Miss Rice and murder where he said the low-key McGruder 29 asserti's got a right to his opinion She's a murderer because I believe she's a murderer he said coolie And the LACC in the AACP chairman Julian Vaughn and other panelists wrote it off the satire but added smiling I agree with this politics. You go Julian love that Julian Vaughn. Yeah Nice going Julian How do I speak in a Julian crane? Oh, you got to catch passions again today and as Sheridan continues to get the juice Oh man, oh the shock truth. I it is just unbelievable. It's the all-time best. I thought you were talking about OJ WQM hello Yeah, yeah, I got to work for your poll. Okay, Savannah Savannah Yep, and Tory Wells was the second one Tory Wells is the one I was looking for a very good job, Kelly Okay, see a confession from the Lord, okay Doesn't it have to go seek something from the Lord? Tracy Lord How would he use give us Tory Wells? Tory Wells. That's who I was thinking of I mean Jennifer Wells. She was at old big baggy kind of duckie. You know about 100 years ago back in the day Janet Jameson's got 28 Tracy Lord 16 you people are a bunch of perverts 12. Yeah, you're right and we're proud of it. Okay Wait till we take over over a radio pause for the call for church radio here's some good program She needs a radio P. A W S yeah radio Piz Radio Piz Are you all ready? Oh, okay radio Piz we can have Mickey on his guest every now and then we'll dispense with them and we'll the blue will appease on you It was just he was just using the restroom man. He was just whipping it out with all his raw materials from five feet away No, we're near the urinal right in front of the other guy. He was aiming in unless a threat in other words give me some space dam And I want to like you know give me some breathing room. You got it me when it doubted like to air it out Amber Linda 11. I've never seen any porn eight Maryland chambers five Bandy Woods five she was seriously. I would say she was even hotter than sure in non-passions. I don't remember what she looked like Debbie does it out dear field. Yeah, I like a thought like I don't know a hundred years ago. So worth going. I don't think you're probably gonna find it anymore, but it's worth getting coming Get it a blackbuster look bigger Twenty before eleven. You know I can't stand goodie two shoes just like that whole thing with bush about the steroid That that's his appeal to the goodie two shoes. Fony baloney. Fony That's what really pisses me off and frost my ass. I've always told you that and it's the one truth if you don't believe anything else I'd tell you believe this or not believe this and then as those who scream the loudest those who are always pointing fingers at everybody else All you're up on your perverts and you're doing this need to there do and stuff that you never even dreamed of doing if you catch my drift. Okay. No question There are doing little children Barnard animal flies and animals trees. I mean you name it fire hi-brain us right By the way that fire hi-brain on the corner there. It says the screw-ang was here if you check real close She's coming up here next month. She wants to join the royal royalties 1041 at five sixty she is just rotest Roy I'll tell you about something good for a change interbrecht diabetic it could say delicious meal replacement drink The just happened to be made for people like me who have diabetes, but anybody who's looking to cut down their sugar intake can drink it and enjoy it It's a Mahaya Interbrecht diabetic is sweetened with splendor which is made from sugar. So there's no nasty awful horrible Apputace lucky with asked retain and saccharine got forbid remember what happened to them rats? No recommended by doctors and dietitians for people who can't sacrifice proper nutrition just because they're in a big freaking hurry And a rest diabetic is a completely balanced nutritional supplement that provides all the essential vitamins of animals needed for our healthy life Plus fiber and antioxidants yet. It's low insaturated fat and cholesterol too Interbrecht diabetic is also gluten free and lactose free and an ounce can provides 237 calories of easily digested nutrition You try to rest diabetic once and I guarantee you'll never go back to whatever crappy were drinking before Picks up today. It's available all over town at publics Walgreens, anchors and a Varro Sedano CVS, your local pharmacies or the makers are so sure You're going to enjoy it. A rest diabetic they give it away three full-size samples. They give that two pack to you. They'll mail it to you in one in vanilla one in chocolate If you just call their toll free number one eight six six three six eight thirty seven thirty nine That's one eight six six three six eight thirty seven thirty nine or faster yet order for yourself on the web at Interrexdiabetic.com. This click on words as three samples tell the Neil Center by for the delicious one and get you seven initial special gift Call today and get your free samples call one eight six six three six eight thirty seven thirty nine I'll dysfunction. Oh, what you you're not going to show my face are you relax. This is just the radio Oh, thank God. This is the phase of jack Thomas of 136 Oakdale Road in Louisville, Kentucky. What are you doing? He has erectile dysfunction Come on. I've got family to think about friends. He can't get it up. Oh God. I have to go to work tomorrow. He can't pitch attention raise the weasel straight in the mess Man, I'm going to kill you if you two suffer from erectile dysfunction don't be afraid you're just like jack Thomas of 136 Oakdale Road in Louisville, Kentucky Stop saying my name and it jack Thomas of 136 Oakdale Road in Louisville, Kentucky can face his erectile dysfunction Can't you stop please I beg of you erectile dysfunction anyone can get it even jack Thomas of 136 Oakdale Road in Louisville, Kentucky I guarantee we'll see him this afternoon at the Kendall town of country maltaken leaking public No, or maybe you will he'll be safe 1046 and 560 WCM Howard Dean Malater adds in any of these seven states holding elections next week official said today a risky strategy that puts him at a distinct disadvantage with high spending miles for the nomination With his money and momentum depleted the big mo of salute Dean declined to save his and decided to save his head money for the February 7th, Lexus, and Michigan, Washington state and 10 days later the primary in Wisconsin Officials hope that Dean emerges later on while John Edwards and Wesley Clark spend themselves out of the race Later in February, as an alternative to firmware John Kerry and merges engages in a guerilla warfare until he wins the nomination or is mathematically eliminated Got that got it because that's right now. He's got more delegates Catched and Kerry I just mentioned that in fashion. What did we do? We don't want to get too political today. We'd leave that to other goddess. She's got to turn it around you turn it around right. Do you go He wasn't she's endorsing animoria a net haven what? Nothing She said something about bush and animoria in the same sentence and that haven got it got it Nikki charm is my all-time favorite says Tom and extreme info in a small package Well, I can certainly relate to that last part Brianna Banks. It says get around there. She's young up and coming and stack George would love to movie when Jenna Jamison does Brianna correctly. It is smoking And the back of two yeah, she hasn't put a Winston in there or is it a Marlboro for the Paul mall and she was smoking it rectally 567. Oh, here's the AOL poll that you were there these people would not approve of this poll were doing today. These people be really pissed off Most of the people who do AOL are geeks Freakful children assholes don't know better mugwamps. Here's a poll. They took nationwide on AOL They got 400,000 votes. What's your view of shows on TV and radio? That I mean This is America man. Gordon's good. Goodie two shoes goodie two shoes. Hipper grids phony baloney everybody's like a better the whole year than us Here's the answers the offensive material is getting out of control 59 percent you asshole if you don't like it just turn it off now You're talking right 32 percent Some things push the envelope, but it's not that bad you asshole 9 percent should upset it These be allowed on the air waves no never 47 percent say never you asshole only at certain times 37 percent and yes at any time 16 percent you asshole you asshole should no need to be allowed on the air waves No never 46 percent god forbid god forbid Only at certain times 37 yeah like one more watchin and yes at any time 17 percent that is so discouraging you know Yeah Even where I'm sitting which where really is hurting discouraging word but that just is deflating 560 pound 560 on your AT&T and Verizon wireless line what's your all time favorite porn star mail or female or in between WDQAM hello Hey Alconeo what's going on how you doing pal? Good good. I took a name for you for the poll okay First of all the Lovely christie canyon George will know that name okay Christy Canyon I think we got to pay respect to the woman that started at all Linda love lace I think she's under okay my right on at the pole off that that's common that I've got your results like you're working on it Yep And we got a local person I got a name one person that lives locally she's no longer in the business Kathy will it's no Ashraf forgot about that but no I'm also forget about her she her name was Gina Lamaaka And she lives out of this area and she was a penthouse pet of the year and ended some porn before she got out of the business You want to do on a poll about which celebrity porn star like a frank gift repair is helped in doctor j stuff like that Okay, just an idea. Well work on it. Love you man I love you. Thank you. Hey my six seven. Oh five sixty pound Sixty on eighty eighty rise in wireless line poor Kathy man When's that the honey your her's going to come out of the closet when's Jeff coming out. Was that his name? Yeah Jeff will it's Let's see Frank says first George if you saw the Howard Stern movie private parts. You see that no you're dying Jenna Jamison was the chick who got naked in the studio Well, I was nothing on the run on the run show. They have all bunch of nasty skaky looking bruts running all up and down the hallways naked Let me clarify because I don't want to lie I started watching to be private parts. I see and that's all this guy be another gratuita shot and Howard Stern Is that what this is going to be no I just want to be I'm not I don't care be I like Cheyenne silver because she's all natural And see just to come in on the porn channels. Well, just a minute since we're doing this we probably ought to put on a beat the purple here some on the on the playboy channel It's a die scene that's only way to fat. Oh, no, it's a three way something very buddy One in the pink and one on a sink and one in your drink I'm a couple of it. One with ring thing and look at that think can we say think Well, it's a call someone I think I just do well. This is good because there's lots of action but only likes the really good But I'm pretty music. They play the background. I'm a poor dust All better stuff are right there and over entry on the show Okay, now what is it? I'm getting sick of seeing movies with a dude whose penis has been the wrong direction I you think a little bend of the wrong ways no big deal, but this dude can scratch his balls when it's erect And it And it sucks because they always put the best looking chicks in the scenes with them But I can't stand to see that nasty deform thing I don't have any idea who he's talking about you and how well I got it's got like a curly Q penis Well, we'll have to find out. I'm sure somebody knows five six seven. Oh five sixty call up. Oh, radio pause Maybe they have a list over there Hot list Jenna Jamison is in the lead. She's got 35 votes your all time favorite porn star mail or female Tracy Lord 25 You people are a bunch of perverts 19 12.2 percent. You're just jealous because you don't know who any of these people are Boring is what those people are boring, you know it They're watching old reruns of verbally hubbillies. Hey, that's good show But Amber Lynn 13 never seen any porn 11 Maryland Chambers 9 Vanessa Del Rio's got seven. I wonder what those people what language they speak I'm going to eat what Casuito te dano's got six. I bet you a clearance voted a bunch of times. He's probably running around a building Happen on different things Peter North 5 gingerland 5. Bambi Woods has got five rhyme Jeremy's got four Oh my god Linda lovely's got a pair. They're kind of like old and saggy by now. Torrey Wells 2 Jennifer Wells 2 And then he even won glory-lended one Gloria winner wet wedder man. Never heard I asked you that before, but I just can't remember how talk about old dangerous Diky brought he got seen a picture man. She was mean Brianna Bances got one Christy Canyon one and none yet for Savannah Randy West You're not getting any Randy Nikki charm honey melons steel coat or Gina Lamaaka Out of 155 votes how about Darolamana cuz you got a hit come on what you doing Darol He was okay in my book in the day back in the day The nickel James or is that Jones? I don't know. I can't reeneko Jones and Sandra L. Coolos Set up Maria But you put these out there. I'll be one. Here people anyway Okay, 567.0560 pound 560 out of AT&T and T and rise in wireless line QAM Oh, hello George high. I want to nominate some boys are okay Okay, 102 don't don't give me like a list of 10 years Oh, okay Okay, the first name is Shawn Michaels at Shawn fell with the E Okay, and the second one is Dominique Simone Everybody knows by Ford they don't know who they are Dominique Oh, I'm not a good hope so yeah, don't give me your father Dominique Oh, no, no, okay, it's the OMI NIE Q E E E yeah Simone F-I-M-O-N-E Okay, thanks a lot. Oh, I started calling you George I don't care Neil. I'm gonna call the worst although I can't think what 567.0568 pound 560 on the AT&T I'm gonna call the worst though. I'm gonna call the worst though. I'm gonna call the worst though. I'm gonna call the worst though. I'm gonna call the worst though. I'm gonna call the worst though. I'm gonna call the worst though. I'm gonna call the worst though. I'm gonna call the worst though. I'm gonna call the worst though. I'm gonna call the worst though. I'm gonna call the worst though. I'm gonna call the worst though. I'm gonna call the worst though. I'm gonna call the worst though. I'm gonna call the worst though. I'm gonna call the worst though. I'm gonna call the worst though. I'm gonna call the worst though. I'm gonna call the worst though. I'm gonna call the worst though. I'm gonna call the worst though. I'm gonna call the worst though. I'm gonna call the worst though. I'm gonna call the worst though. I'm gonna call the worst though. I'm gonna call the worst though. I'm gonna call the worst though. Oh yeah. I wanna call the worst though. I'm gonna call the worst though. I'm gonna call the worst though. I don't wanna call the worst though. I'm gonna call the worst though. I'm gonna call the worst though. I'm gonna call the worst though. I'm gonna call the worst though. I'm gonna call the worst though. I'm gonna call the worst though. I'm gonna call the worst though. I'm gonna call the worst though. I'm gonna call the worst though. I'm gonna call the worst though. I'm gonna call the worst though. I'm gonna call the worst though. I'm gonna call the worst though. I'm gonna call the worst though. I'm gonna call those worst though. I'm gonna call the worst though. I'm gonna call the worst though. I'm gonna call the worst though. I'm gonna call the worst though. I'm gonna call the worst though. I'm gonna call the worst though! I'm gonna call the worst though. I'm gonna call the worst though looking like a clown. See, that's one thing. All the guys that have those nasty looking pieces, everybody falls on a ground laughing at him, usually behind their back unless they're short. A little guy's like a sentence, then you can do it right into his face. The answer was the natural hairline system from Chuck Alpere for almost 30 years now. Not good, man. Charlie's been doing it right for the famous and not so famous, everybody in between because you know if you've got a billion dollars, you still can't replace you here with a better looking piece. Charlie's natural hairline system that looks like real hair, like it's going out of your scalp as opposed to a barnyard animal fell from the sky, like those frogs and magnotians just died and perched there right on your head. And you have nothing to lose except the bald spot because everybody gets Charlie's 30 days. You're in tea. After a month, if you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells, if you're not getting all kinds of action at the Kindle Town of Country Mall, Charlie give you a full refund. Don't forget to mention the arages when you call yourself an extra tune or bucks off the already low price of Charles Alfieri's natural hairline system. Call him today. There's no obligation called toll free. 1-800-3-2-1-24-13. Our logon that we're flaming website Charles Alfieri. Oh baby, comply with these titties. The following is an actual recording of a conversation between a porn star subscriber and a porn star advisor. You've reached porn star emergency services, is this Kendra? I need help. I just been in an accident. Oh, were you weird, and is it? Yes, as it was, and it hurts. Oh, and I always heard the first few times, but then to keep it used to. When you turn on a porn star and advisor is always there to turn you on. I think I have a bluish. Oh, I love blitz, but I charge more advantage too. Oh, my car's total. I'll never get these pizzas delivered. Hey, are you the pizza did it, Rika? Yes. I know you. Generally we're together on double sausage at the back door by M10-27. Ask your dear of a getting service by porn star. Oh, I think my head is starting to swell. Oh, now I'm getting hot. I have your GPS coordinates. I'll be right over it. No, no, I need medical attention. I mean, you want me to weigh my nurses uniform? Sure, okay. porn star always there, always ready. You people are a bunch of perverts. It says here. 22 people, low to that 12.3%. I really believe that or they just haven't found. No, I really believe we're a bunch of perverts. I've never seen any porn another 12. So that's like almost 20%. Either have never seen any porn, but of course they're probably dying to or not be. They think we're a bunch of perverts, but they'd like to watch too. Huh? Here's one that says from John and Porch St. Lucy with his new fax machine. Good machine, John, I scone. Is that celly the machine? My favorite porn star of all time is the net haven. She's probably in her 50s now, but she was so big. Big. You're a mongous gigantic and I don't even think real, but I doubt it. Huh? During the preshaving Bush golden era of porn. So John and Porch St. Lucy. Here's another one says, hi, apparently. Did you see Dr. Rysom that today show? Oh, I don't watch this today show, pal. Getting grilled about WMD with mad love or some party line, from the two answers, you know, the rap like gathering threat all at horsemen. I'd like her to give those same weekends just to the parents of kids who've been filled in main of her pack of lives. She's a total see you next time and has to go as do all the fashions in the house. Keep up the good work, pal. A grippin tight and the passport to who paypicks, rack-held Darian. Who's that? I don't know. You don't know, but we're real. See you're going to get education. You're going to have to go out of your nearby blockbuster store in a kitty section. And the picks of this crap up. Whatever happened to your good post friend from the video store, Mitch. Oh, you mean your close friend? Mitch, her video waves aren't they out of the video site? What? Nothing. I don't know. I think they're out of business. They're out of business. Oh, gosh. You're a good guy. I know it. Oh, we got the Anthony connection. Why? We had a mutual employee there for a while. And what you're talking about. Anthony from the Joan Mark show used to work with Mitch. Never liked him. 567056. He never made a meither, but just based on what you're telling me. Yeah. I don't think so. But I was just going to get an education. 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Favorite porn star of all time male or female are under turmin. W-Q-A-M-Hello. Yes sir. The guy with a fence cover is Jake Reed. This cock is bent more than any. I hit it too. That's a dead cocky about it. Yeah. Well, all that we can put it on there. What were the same? Jake Reed. Jake Reed. Yeah. He had a wilted read, something like that. Maybe he's kind of Greg read. Oh, he's on our next pool, I'm sorry. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5. 160. What a shame that we're not answering the phones. Don't do it though, Josh. Because then that way the people on hold don't get entertained with some of this really nippy stuff. WQA and hello. Hello. Yes sir. Yes. I want to make a question. So, numbness I made, it's Sean. It's spelled F-E-A-N. S-E-A-N. What did you say before? It's Sean Michaels. Yeah, but how did you spell it before though? Oh, um, it was B-R-U-S-E. It was spelled wrong. And what's H-A-D-N? Oh, but don't be doing that. Don't do it again, pal. Okay. No, that, all right. Go confession man. See for, see forgiveness from the Lord. I'm repeating that no, no, please. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6. Do we got a pretty good list going here? I'm sure we got, how about that, uh, Titan's Titan? What else is name? So, that's just a, no, not him. Not that it's Titan's telling me. The, the, the, the Titan guys in, uh, Rocko, uh, Bendoz. No, Rocko's Ziffer Releas. If we're ready, they, you know, these guys, these guys, they're changing their name. Like Joey Silverra, Joey, uh, I'm gonna call you. I'm gonna call you. I'm gonna call you. I'm gonna call you. I'm gonna call you. I'm gonna call you. I'm gonna call you. Joey Silverra, put him on there. Okay. Uh, I, oh, you know, who else you need to put on there? I was just gonna say, I don't know any of the names of guys from the, a fact from the gay, uh, poor movies. Yeah, that's not true. What about Jeff Striker? Okay. No Jeff Striker? I heard you speak of him? Oh, that's him. Really? Amazing that we have a clip for, Jeff, that's with the Y by the way, STR Y KTR. Looks good. Dumb is dirt. Uh, that's good enough for right now. Joey Silverra, Jeff Striker. We have a list of about 5000. And then at the end of the show, George is gonna sit around with all our audience and they watch all of these. Yeah. The Amurathon. And then the guy from, I don't know, you're asking me about he and two nothing much these days. He's gonna watch those other movies. What are those? Gay. Q AM. Hello. Hey, me, I'm done. Pretty good, sir. A couple things first. My favorite foreign star. She normally do movies, but she's got a tremendous free with, like, a feather dee. Heather Doreen. You're a bunch of Heather D on your internet service and your bird movie. Okay. Second year, we'll have to mad dogs. Mike, go over in Tampa? No. There was the STC. He shows sort of like yours, but he just music, but he talks, like, you know, mentioned the word, the P word, and stuff like that. They find them 700 to 505. Oh, that was the Bubba in the Love Spongebob. See on that show? Yeah, Bubba upside. His Mike works with some. And I was talking to Mike. Yeah, 750 grand. He was like, well, he was like that. He's got that. That'll appeal it. Yeah, I'll make sure it's a well, comment put Heather D on there. Okay, we got a million, Heather. Usually we have Heather D just relax. Okay, calm down. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound fine. You know, so they get really whipped up about this. They're whipping it right now. And why not? Why not? I think that during the rest of the year, no more talk about politics. The only bush we ought to talk about is the one. Yeah, we're talking about today. What do you say? We'll leave the head, you know, he stuffed it. Does anybody believe I'm sticking to that? No, but it sounds good. Well, I wanted to do this story though. She used to talk about Bush and her lack. Alkai to side calls for a big attack on the US. I don't want to get, we'll say that in the last hour. I don't want to get people to hear this. How's Democrats playing prayer is disrespectful? This is disgusting. This is nausea. This from Arizona, which is not surprising because Arizona is a real real right wing goose stepping fascist state where the average ages of 110. Representative Doug Kreland Republican affiliates, who was the stir on Tuesday when he delivered prayer on the state house floor that took him at multi-culturalism, welfare, abortion and alternative lifestyles. It was a prayer that made the rounds on the internet since 1996 that when it was delivered before the Kansas House representatives. Offended Democrats led by representative Wally's strong a Phoenix filed an official protest saying the prayer was partisan, disrespectful and divisive. Here's the prayer. Kreland. Heavenly Father, we come before you today to ask your forgiveness and seek your direction in guidance. We know your word says, well to those who call evil good, but that is exactly what we have done. We've lost our spiritual equilibrium and inverted our values. We confessed that we have ridiculed the absolute truth that a word and called it pluralism. We have worshiped other gods and called it multiculturalism. We've endorsed perversion and called it our alternative lifestyle. We've exploited the poor and called it the lottery. We've neglected the needy and called it self preservation. We've rewarded laziness and called our welfare. We've killed our unborn and called it choice. We shot abortionists and called it justifiable. We've neglected to this plan our children called it building self esteem. We've abused power and called it political savvy. We've coveted our neighbor's possessions and called it ambition. We've polluted the air with profanity and pornography and called it finrow expression. And we've ridiculed the time our values of our forefathers and called it enlightenment. Search us all God and know our hearts today. Try us and see if there be some wicked way in us. Plends us from every sin and set us free. In the name of your son, the living savior Jesus Christ, Amen. Jesus Christ. Here's the Democrats. Here's the Democrats response. For so a thousandth world 20, we all the members of the House Democratic caucus. Pro-Test the lack of respect that we showed to the members of this body and the citizens of Arizona. During the opening prayer on January 26, 2004, the opening prayer is the one opportunity during each day that we can come together as a body. The opening prayer should unite us not divide us. But the prayer on January 26 was divisive. It was a pandering mud slinging in calling political statement. It was hateful and mean spirit. It was undignified. The citizens of Arizona deserve better. We are diverse. We have unique perspectives in our unique voice. You should be respected, especially during the opening prayer. Members of this body. We must set aside our differences in sure we spread our Arizona in all its diversity and perversity. How do you like that? You've got him out there, man. I can't handle it. You right wing going. We just can't deal with it. No, no. Give me your Arizona. Give me the whole state. And Mark Lindsay. We'll throw him in there too. Okay. Final night. I know. Five, six, seven, five, six. You want to figure out that ponytail? Don't you QA, hello. Not there. QA, hello. QA, M. Yeah, I got two more perlises. Or maybe. For now. Don't get tongue-tied on this man. Just kind of out a little bit. I know. I'm sorry. I know you get worked up. Go ahead. The first time I'm talking to the phone. No, sir. Go ahead. Okay, deal. Yeah. I got two more. Okay. Lay Mama's. John Leslie. And I pass your lead. Hi, Patially. Hi, Patially. Okay. Good choices, Van. Have a great day. John Leslie, Oldtrule. And Hi, Patially. HIV-A-T-I-A-T-I-A. Hi, Patia. How much? Got 20. Let's see. Poor and Span to have new specific labels it says here. The FTC will also ban photos and emails. Poor and graphics Span email will have to be clearly labeled by mid-June willow internet users to easily filter it out the FTC announced yesterday. On solicited pornography will have to be available reading sexually explicit content in the subject line. And the messages themselves will not be allowed to in the rest of the pages and for now. To do something. Uh, Chasey Lane. CH, ay, ay, ay. Why am I sponored when you're faxing it? This you obviously read it there. Why am I doing that? That is I'm Dumbagah. Oh, Zoli and North Miami, who just won't give up. He's back. That's the bad news. A nominee for the pussy. What do I tell you about this Zoli and North Miami? Didn't tell you a long time ago, Maddy Corn Grande. See. Put Garron. See? Todia. Chad Hunt. It says he's a good porn star where they 12 inch toy, noodle. He frequently visits South Beach and is actually an ice guy in person. Look him up online and you'll gag just looking at what you see. Says Zoli and North Miami. Chad Hunt. Twelve minutes past eleven at five, sixty. WQ. So when we're going to have fifteen thousand manufacturing jobs lost in South Carolina in 2003, they got no work. Can you realize that fifty percent of the registered Democrats in South Carolina are dark and collected? No, I didn't know that. So Al Sharpen is going to give a lot of votes. And there was a prominent black leader in South Carolina day in Doris John Kerry, which I'm sure Edward Zayn to have pleased about that. I just mentioned these things as a sideline. If you want to details, listen to what you name. What's your name? Are good friend. Randy, Randy, the goddess don't be knocking Randy. I don't turn on Randy because you had a hotstour animal we are now. Yeah, who didn't? I didn't. I mean, I like her a lot. She's a sweetheart. I love it. Well, I mean, when we come back from the break, George will tell us about the things that he and I'm reading on the slide. On the side. Side of what? Side of building. Last time we looked at it and decided it's just the adult. I can't handle this copy, Todd. You're going to have to come up with something different. This is so old and so we have and so bad. Okay, it's terrible. If you got a really meanial paycheck, if you'd like your sweeping floors when he look at you check is what you're getting paid, then change your life. Do something about it. Call a fast train. Get some training. Get yourself a brand new high paying computer career. Call a fast train at 866 fast train because in just four short months, they can help you get a new high paying computer career with a big fat paycheck to replace a little teeny puny when you got right now. The demand for computer professional is growing like topsy. So call them today. One, eight, six, six fast train with seven locations. There's gone to be a campus nearby you. Fast train offers you job placement financial assistance for eyes who qualify. And with day night and weekend classes, there's no excuses to stay in that dead end job. No more. And if you register now, you can have that new high paying career in just four short months. So like Todd Dreck, you can have a really big one too. A big paycheck because that's all he's got. That's big. Call toll free. One, eight, six, six fast train right now. Or check them out on the web at fast train.com. Minersnakebc 62-6564. K Powerawsel, call your-患! Whoah! That was steeple. Busted your ass with bums of steel, but man, what muscles do you really want toitting that? Oh no, you can do it with the latest fitness craze, man hood steam! Yes man hood of steel, we'll teach you how to remove a ten pound weight from the barbell for a Luba 10 pound weight from the barbell and use the ring toss methods to lift, lift, lift your weight to a pulsing powerful panker. I used manhood of steel for three weeks and then one day I got a flat tire and I didn't even need to use the jack. And if you buy manhood of steel today we'll throw in the manhood of steel shaft strap and woody weight. Manhood of steel. Yeah! Buy it today. I think we struck an herb here today if it gets my grip. Because look at this one facts. It says, your hand, Paulic from Bell on me hands down and then it says, Oh my God! Wow, you can see kind of like trailing off. What are those spots on the page, George? Ew! There's a came out in the facts. Your hand, Paulic. Who was that? Has anybody ever have any idea from Bell on me? I remember that song I Bell on me by the T-Set. Remember that? I do. In fact, I understand they play that on the music in the T-ROOM, a Kindle time of Country Mo. No, you know what that problem is? I'm going to tell you right now. And I know this sounds revolutionary and ridiculous, but like an Amsterdam, like civilized places. They have places where first rated pent up people can go and like school around. Now in America, just like swing clubs. See, that's a good example in Brower because you got a fascist, a sheriff there, a Ken Jenny who's a real Nazi bastard. And you know, with all the stuff that goes on to violent crime and to rape and all these terrible things, they spend all of this time rating swing clubs. You know, if it used to be the cave bars in this place, now it's the swing clubs. The murders and robbers are dangerous. They have got the idea that anybody is threatened by a swing club is so ludicrous. The idea that somehow the people who go there, well, they want an R neighborhood because they're a little children live there. Well, people who go to swing clubs aren't interested in little children. That's number one. Number two, they pay to get in. It's behind closed doors. And whatever any consulting adults are doing behind closed doors, if nobody else is business, it's not Ken Jenny's business. It's not the government's few can business. It's nobody's business. And I'm not making any excuses because I have no, I cut no slack for anybody who's like, yeah, you can get it in a public tea room like that. You know, in a place where there's sex going on, go have a good time. You want to go get a lap dance, leave people alone. But Jesus Christ Almighty, Jesus Christ Almighty, they just take away everybody's choices. So what it boils down to is that they, you know, although there are some people who like that kind of stuff. You know what I mean? Well, kind of stuff. The kind of stuff that we saw at the Kandra Kandra Country mall. Oh, he threw stuff. Yeah. No, I think a part of it. I think part of that is the thrill, the danger of being caught. I think that's a part of it. Okay. Sure. Yeah. Yeah. Which they're obviously not thinking about their names being in the newspaper the next day and on a front page. Although, at least I made a front page. But I mean, you know, well, what are we talking about here? We're talking about people who just are way over to line. Right. But can we have a happy meeting for people would like to be a little bit behind a line? No, we can't have that. Those swing clubs man is a bunch of perverts in there. Well, guess what? I'd like to meet somebody who isn't a pervert in addition to which I don't believe this one thing on our poll here. I don't believe it. Which one? I've never seen any poor 19 because anybody that's got a computer. Right. You know what I'm saying? How can you open anything or go to any page without a comment? Oh, come on. Anybody that's got a computer that hasn't checked into a little here. And then I, I'm one of the people that finds it extraordinarily boring. Right. To be a surfing a net for and those chat rooms and all these disparados. And but to at least they've got an outlet. Okay, at least they've got somewhere to go. And as long as it's not kiddie porn, who's business is it? Right. Right. No baby goats. Here's what it says. I want to add. Oh, this is from our friend Dan. How you doing, Dan? I want to add to the current poll of current adult entertains. Chloe. No last name. Not to be confused with Chloe. Jones and excellent female star with incredible orgasms. Chloe. I also wish to nominate Rocco Ciferetti. That's why I was talking about before. You don't know who that is? No. Oh, he's been at he's been around for years and years and years. He's Rocco's if a rally Rocco Ciferetti. You know, as an amusing and stiff male entertainer, Dan says personally, I don't even have a third of the package he carries. Well, maybe he can work for UPS. Well, secondly, I'm Pat Green joined the mobile voice preacher. I said I sent a link a while back for another web page that kept statistics of wounded or killer mercencers in Iraq. I'm pretty much in discussion with the entire RAC situation as well as the unemployment issue. The Republican Congress doesn't want to withstand benefits to the two million plus people unemployed as unemployment supposedly allegedly has gone down. No, didn't. It's a great thing to be that positioned myself and I'm still waiting for the real job to appear. I hope to see Bush out in 2004. If I may, I'd like to plug one of your sponsors says Dan, go right ahead, enter West Diabetic. I have diabetes and really enjoy this drink greatly. I highly recommend to this to anybody. Thank you for the mention and them as well. Thanks, Dan. That covers all the bases right there. From Chloe to enter West Diabetic and everything in between. Is this a Chris? Because I can't make out the bottom of this, uh, Christ? I don't know. I don't know. I gave Josh the fact so he could spell stuff. I see. I think West says I used to like a good portal flick, but they have gotten so ridiculous have you seen diaries of the tow truck driver? No, not yet. Saw this one last week. It deals with a woman's car broken down in the middle of the desert. A big old truck driver, tow truck. As his name, stopped to help her. He opens the car hood and says, I see your problem. Then he gets the spark plug cable and sticks it in his spectrum. Wow. He grant, how much he's got and even had a raston Tom Brady. He grabs the bone, venture over to car and. The guy then says, bite on a spark plug bitch is the woman bites on a spark plug. The woman's car turns on. Ha ha ha. Wow. That sounds like a real turn on amazing. Nina Hartley here's once has put Nina Hartley on list. Not I have one for the pole piece, put a robber. Put a robber. Okay. Just calm down. Wow. Wallie B, another one of our regular contributors, says Erica Boyer. Oh, I should be for I get into this. The hot couple's contest. It's going to start very soon. So maybe not this way because we get the prizes all firm up. We're getting a really firm. Yeah. And then once you check the pictures on there, you might get a pretty firm too. But it's going to be good. We'll do a couple of giveaways like we did last year. Right. Right on. We had some pretty interesting people on their last year. I'll send that some pretty beautiful people. Some people who weren't too bad. And then, you know, then we hit some, you know, just got that you post. Hall of Fame. What the was the names of that winning couple man? I forgot. Wow. Wow. Oh, Amy Aaron. Our features page. That's probably still on or somewhere, isn't it? Oh, I just don't. Erica Boyer says, while he won the first to take it up the, I can't say that, but look, a too much like Chris Everett. Oh, like a dunk. I think Larry King looked at, like, had lost for words last. I, you know, lots of listening at the very observant while I was thinking the same thing. You know what I mean? I wouldn't say too much. He didn't want to be associated too much with those things that Bill Maro was saying. Like about religion, especially. Have you noticed the band-bygone jumping going on lately in the media? Some of the hoon top propaganda is actually seem to be hedging their bets. Yes, I have. Cheers. 560560, pound-560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. What's your, who's your all-time favorite porn star, Mail or female? Uh, 251 votes. Now, look at the whole bunch of them that don't have any yet. Whole bunch. Randy West don't have any. You don't have any Randy. You probably listen to right now. No, I'm for Randy West. Jenna Janice in 49, Tracy Lord 45. Two people are a bunch of perverts 25, almost 10%. I've never seen any porn 21. Maryland Chambers 14, Amber Lynn 14. Ginger Lynn is right under Amber. She's got 12. Amber Alert Vanessa Del Rio 11, Peter North 7. Oh, look at that. Kazuhito Delano 7. So, current still a lot did learn around. Family Wood 6, Ron Jeremy 5, Brianna Banks 5, Dominique Simone 4, Christy Canyon 4, a net haven 3, 3 wells 3. For inside Jennifer Wells? No. Wow. Ah, the Pat Blue was in it where James Darren. How's the weather? Rackel Daryan 2, Jeff Strikers got up here. Jennifer Wells 2, Gloria Leonard's got two that big old bike. How about you out of the old for Gloria Leonard? And then it goes down from there. Randy West you have big old Randy. He's still making movies. If 150 years old, it's a little on the limb side. They have pills for that now. No kidding. No Schmidt. Well, if you don't believe us, I'm hoping you're even. I just am amazed. I'm shocked because it just keeps if it's not over the counter medication of some kind. You know, like cold medication or stuff like that. You've got all these impotence pills and you've got the cholesterol lowering pills. Every other ant is for some guy named pharmaceutical thing while the companies continue raping the American public. Don't get your drugs from Canada by the way that's unsafe. Man, haven't I always said that the American government treats the citizens like a bunch of little children? Yeah. Boy, it's because naturally here in Canada we're like a 50th World country and God forbid anybody should take these drugs. We're supposed to be a 5C5 to a AM. I urge everyone to complain to the station or high-Bob. Say how have you been readjusting after the divorce? Fedside bread. You both didn't get along too well. Oh, madness. Nice. Is she still? Night shift, nerves. Oh, where are you? Where the boys are in my seat. So she likes it. Dildo dolls. They will. My relationship seems to be doing okay. Blow your own horn. Now what's that supposed to mean? Motel white. Are you insinuating? Uncut fantasies. What are you talking about? Forno Max. It comes real handy. In I till noon at 5. 60 WQM. Gubble on your own horror was that with the Ron Jeremy I believe so. Here's a fact that says, from Mike, all those people voting for I've never seen any porn are full of crap and Mike you are. That's so lovely. Correct. I guess it's just huge. You're an eye that you only want to keep me this billion dollar industry alive. By the way, please put me down for Jenna Jamison and OLDY but a goodie. And she's leading the pack. She's got 52, but look who's right on her ass. Who? Tracey Lawrence. They are asked to ask. Back to them. Yeah. 52 to 48. You and people are a bunch of Proverts 25, 9.2% up yours. I've never seen any porn at 21. Right. Well maybe they're like kids. Okay. We kicked out of school today? No. Nope. Let's see. Amber Lynn 14, Maryland Chambers 14, Ginger Lynn 14, Vanessa low reo 11 and Kazuhito Delano's up to eight. Bad news. Speaking of Ron Jeremy. Yes. And not counting his press agent there. Who would be voting for him? See, you have a very short memory. You were telling me before the show when we were talking about this pool. You were saying he'll do well. I was saying about the date that Al dragged him into the builder and the fact that everybody in the building was just owing an eye and ooling about him. I don't know. Some lifeless people with bad taste. Okay. What can I tell you? That's the answer. I want to tell you one more time. I don't want to see him again with his clothes on or off or anything in between. I don't like the guy. No, he's got a gigantic ego right? At least ten people were killed in 45 wounded this morning when a suicide bomber carried out a terror attack aboard a bus near Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Serone's residence in Jerusalem is really police and medical sources said, I guess that road maps a little on the shaky side, huh? Can. Better bring your own compass and search party if you use it. Serone was at his ranch at the time of the blast aboard bus number 19, which is traveling from the Hadasa-I'm Kerem Hospital. At least ten dead 45 wounded. And Judge says, our Kelly's stay away from Michael Jackson. Our Kelly will not be mingling with Michael Jackson during next month's Grammy festivities, festivities. A judge is order the R&B star who's waiting trial on child porn charges to stay away from the king of pop himself facing child molestation charges when Kelly attends you wars. Don't let me forget I better go out and get the new inquire here today. Don't forget to get the new one. There might be some really heavy duty crap in there. Prosecutors and Kelly's lawyers said they never waste the issue of meeting between Jackson and Kelly during hearing this week about Kelly's travel, but stay the hell away. Okay? Stay away from that. Pervor. It's bad for ya. Now the interesting thing I saw piece on the news about this a few days ago, are Kelly. His music is selling better than ever. Right? He's nominated for two Grammys. Michael Jackson, nobody wants to touch his music if you can call it that anymore. Nobody wants to touch his albums with a ten foot pole with your hand. Right? And that interesting? People are more sympathetic to people who have such with the underage girl that's opposed to, you mean like you're in the Lewis? Yeah. Right? Because it was consent. It was consensual. Right. Okay? Such as it is. As opposed to people that, oh, and speaking of Michael Jackson, I guess now I'm being a good tender eat about that Sony pop. A bigger part. Oh, the other Jesus just popped up. Jack O'Pot wine in voice Coke can. No. He says. Michael Jackson gave wine to the 13 year old cancer patient of the center of the molestation charges he's battling, but concealed inside a Coke can, according to a story in the March issue of entity fear. Didn't we have this on this highly rated prestigious show months and months ago? Yeah. Above that stuff in Vegas and above the boy party in Vegas, which we still haven't heard anymore about that, but we will. That'll all come out. The incident reportedly occurred during a February flight from Florida and partially explains the charges of administering an intoxicating agent with a tentative committee felony that he be leegered popsters also fighting in Santa Barbara County California Court, according to writer Marine O'Ruth. Oath reports the Jackson refers to white wine as Jesus Jews and red wine as Jesus blood. And usually drinks them out of soda cans so that nobody around him will always consume alcohol. Calls from our garagos were not immediately returned. It's said this is a news day. Oath citing the singer's former business manager, Myeong-Hole, writes that only Jackson's inner people know his code names for the beverages adding that it tells you that the boy spent quality time with Michael. That's in quotes quality time. The boy in his siblings have said that all the kids about Michael knew about Jesus Jews and that Jackson told him, Jesus drank it so it must be good. WJD, what would Jesus drink? Right? Yeah. What would Jesus drink? Cochure one, I'm sure. And for our diabetic MD 2020. WDD 40. Oath also said that at least our monocase in Jackson allegedly gave alcohol and sodium cans to miners in a vanity fair piece. Leave describes a civil incident involving a 13 year old boy in Japan in 1998. During the boys visit with his family, the Jackson's never-line ranch Jackson is said to have told his accuser, girls are tannel tails, making all this paragraph right here. Wow, wow, wow, wow. He is said to have told his accuser, girls are tannel tails, making it clear. He didn't want the boy's sister or mother around. The boy's ultimately got to sleep with Michael while their mother was putting the guest house. The magazine says, March issue event in a fair, I'm going to have to pick that up as well, okay? Got it? Got it? Vanity-freaking fair. I hope that they nail his ass to a goddamn cross. Maybe Mel Gibson can make a movie about him. The passion of Michael. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon line. WQAM hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. Does Neil sound like me? Yes. Hi, how you doing? Pretty good. I guess you got to go in spring, let's call me a little off guard. Will you be this all year long? No, no, no, pimp, no intermediaries. That's cool. I've got to be something for the poll here. Don't know if you know her name. I can't think of her name. It was thought on cables so they may have changed a little bit. Jizal McKenzie. Who am I thinking of? I don't know. What's your name? I have no idea. I don't know. You guessed it. You're reading my mind there. Not me. She's only on cable? No, I saw it on cable. You know, cinematics, war or something. Late at night. I was a little bit more specific clue. Yes, I can. Here we go. Because I saw Florence Henderson on TV too. I don't think it was her. Definitely not her. I think it was. I don't think it was. I hope 40 years ago. I don't know. The name of the movie was plain made of the ape. It's a take off of the plan of the be aged. Okay. I bet you we could look that up. There were three women on there. And the one I'm thinking about was the the brunette with the long hair with the small breath. The brunette with the long hair and the small breasts. Yeah, but she's very cute. Just who you talk about Jennifer Vllopy. Is that who it is? Who is it, Josh? I don't know. We're looking at it up. It's playing me to the ape. It's kind of like a a saw. Okay, well look at the movie. And then we'll probably find the names of the broads of women. You'll pass the names by if Josh gets around. Get his hand out of his pants soon enough. Can we get to it? Misty Monday, Monday, Monday, Monday, Monday. Misty Monday? Maybe. Maybe. Debbie Rochon. Debbie Rochon. It's, you know, I don't know her name, but she was just, uh, I held an IMDB as baited. You know, links with pictures. Okay. Well, wait a minute. We're looking into pictures right now. So Josh, we take the one. We'll take the ape. You'll see it on the other side. We'll see it on the other side. We'll see it on the other side. You'll see it on the other side. Okay. Well, I'll find it out for a panel. We'll figure it out. Commander Gailer. Was it you, Vila? Okay. I don't think we can put that one on there. But he and I, he got to plug a doctor. Corn hole, yes. Playmate of the ape. Since, dude. In fact, wasn't she on trial in Orlando? The ape? Oh, yeah. Five six seven, that story is amazing. Thank you, Doug. You're really on top of it today's sweetheart. By the way, speaking of that, I'm going to ask you. I haven't seen you. You're really on top of it today's sweetheart. By the way, speaking of that, how is the clearance doing with the what's it name? With Tazoo, he too should do whatever his name is. What's the guy's name? Careful. Tazoo, he too, Tadano's got eight. By the apes. Tracy, Lord has moved into the first place. I knew it. I always thought that. Did that take that this morning? Yes. Jenna Jamison. Well, it's he. Tracy's got 55. Jenna Jamison 52. You people are a bunch of perverts 25. But then number's going down. 8.3% you're not full of us. Okay. You're not full of us at all. They're probably still watching him old eight millimeter ones. Remember those? Oh yeah. I've never seen any point. 21. 6.9%. You see that number? Gingerland 17. Amberland 16. Maryland Chambers 16. Now that, come on. Maryland Chambers. Maybe they're remembering her fondly. I don't remember because. She was in behind the green door. Yeah. That was the movie. And I don't remember. I'm sure I saw because I've seen everyone that's ever been made by her. But I don't. Huh? She was always weak looking weak. Like just mediocre looking face. Vanessa Del Rio 12. Well, she was no hot mama either. But you know, your people are voting for her obviously. Why are there more? More Latino porn stars. Latin porn stars. More Latino porn stars. So I just said, how come? I don't know. Maybe they have celiac whose disease. Did I mean? No. What? They're dead. 19 till noon is 5.60 QAMs. What's the problem, officer? The boy from the vehicle. What? That's the one. That's the one. What's the problem, officer? The boy from the vehicle. What? That's the one. That's the one. That's the one. That's the one. That's the one. If you're God driving without a seatbelt, you will be removed from your car and shot. The police now have the authority to enforce seatbelt safety under the new Patriot Act 2. The new laws in effect now. So click it or be shot. Officers don't like doing this. They are only following orders. It's for your own protection in the never ending fight against terrorism. Terrorist acts such as mouth noise. Purping. And fighting. Good. Be annoying to others. So under Patriot Act 2, eating will no longer be permitted in restaurants. Anyone eating outside the designated eating area? Will also be shot. It's the law. We like saying that. The law. The law. The law. The law. It's the law. Mr. Mr. We. Well, I'm told by those on the inside. Those in the know. Maybe they just wanted to be clean. Maybe they want to cleanse their soul. Or something that rhymes with soul. 560. 560. No. I can think of two things that rhyme with soul. One begins with an H and one begins with a P. that's bad don't be talking about fathers to like that please sorry Q. M. Hello. Anyhow. Yes sir. I got one for the fall. Excellent. How about long don't silver. Long don't silver but that's a long time ago. That's a long time ago and I got here you and George going back about Jackie Johnson and her and Jack Johnson. Yeah on TV and I noticed that when you're talking about when she's doing the weather how one blue looks a little bit larger than the other one. The left the left blue is three times the size of the right one. No it's the right one that's bigger. No wrong. Well if you look at my VVV right the right one is the bigger one and the left one is not sagging down as far as correct. As you're facing it as you do and push the push right. Somebody did some bad surgery there I guess. And I'm a push too. Have a great day Ali. Long don't silver you got it got it. By the way I drew the break of the extensive research and and I've do believe that the person that he they at previous call was talking about his misty Monday. Okay. How about John Holmes it says here? Well I I over why rather put Sherlock on your homes but somebody would have to say that and those people are like as they say in royalty size queens they'll say John Holmes. But that that that proves my point. He was like somebody in a freak show. He's still dead by the way I just mentioned that. Anybody notices his and his snacks that were paying about 70 to a duck 80 a buck 80 plus for Gallagher's. I think I said duck would you please mention what the translation of that drop you have that in Spanish says something like Papa or Papa Pantoulo. Papa Pantoulo. Papa one Pablo. Papa one Pablo man. Papa one Pablo get it correct they straighten it out. Says not it's not in your archive drops and I was just curious but won't be too curious. Papa one Pablo. Papa one Pablo only he speaks with like a little like he's got something in his mouth. Yeah like most of right. Just like that guy from Raniopaz. Five six seven. He just went in there to take a leak that's all. He had more of those green what are they callers things that they stuck in Sheridan's mouth when they give you the electro shock. The the bit like a horse. But they have a name protector. No it's not a tooth protector. The hockey players were that it doesn't work. It's a oh geez. Somebody will know. Not bit. No. Bit of honey. No. Five six seven. Oh five sixty pound five sixty on a AT and T line. We got a real good battle here between Tracy's Lord and Jenna's Jamison. Tracy's got 59 in Jenna is got 56. What about Jenna Bradshaw anybody remember her. No. WQAM hello. Yes sir. Okay have one free of this. You have shaker on there. Yeah. Saka one of the lovely blonde the sweetest stars right. Yeah let me ask you something you haven't noticed that now in shame is resembles Chris Everett. Yes same person. Right. I've always thought that. And they both like to whack the balls. Thanks a lot, Palin. Okay. Saka how can you forget I was two k's by the way. S.E. K. K. K. A. I believe. Why to the day just one but what do I know. Oh like I said one K. Well look it up. Do this do this spell chick. Pardon? Do the chick. Five six seven. Oh five sixty pound five sixty back in the early days of erotica Swedish erotica was very very big and then they got tired of it. Skin and maybe got, oh this is this is all okay. We'd rather do it than watch it. I think it's basically their altitude. Nothing like them. Scandinavian people man. They are just incredible. Then of course they're always those Chinese people. They're good looking ones. And then of course there are those Latino people. They're good looking ones. Five six seven. Oh five sixty and the German people who look out. One K. So little time. WQAM hello. Hello, I'm yes sir. Yeah, I mean I've got a couple for you here. I didn't have to guys just got it. See could but how about candy sample? Can't be sample. That's an old one. She's in that Whitman Samford box. You better believe it. I'm sure there'll be a lot of guys remember. Right. All right. Thank you. Okay. Thanks. I thought he said he had a couple. Not that I'm not that I'm trying to push the other direction but you know some a little bit lenient today because it's hard to choose only on. It's very very hard. Candy samples is a couple. How about your friend? That's Joe. Josh he didn't just say that did he? No he didn't say that. Just my imagination. It's just this detail into this cold going through my head. Five six seven. I shouldn't give him like a preview of the pulver going to be doing a one o'clock. Yeah, I don't give it to him now. Free. It's for fun. To try to like pacify some of these people out there with the in instant programming experts. Oh, you're reading. It's a dot because you're always angry and George is a little spick. So we'll put those on there. Wanna clock. We're not we're not changing it to one. Because I think that way we still got a lot more portal people to put on here. Right. Right. Which of these statements do you think is most true? Uh, Neil is too angry. George is a hard ass spick. Too much bush on the show. The wrong kind. Well, let's see. We're trying to make a change today. None of the above the show is fine. WQM has a death wish. Greg we belong on death row. Clarice's gay or QM needs to bring for well back. Bad. I like this pool. Huh? Yes. It's hard to pick only one. Just like the porno stars. It's hard to pick only one. It's like when you got a bad cold and you stick your finger in your nose. It's hard to pick only one. Or like when you have seeds in your back. Oh, this is it's hard to pick only one. Absolutely. WQM. Hello. Hey, Neil. How you doing? Pretty good, paly. I got a suggestion for your poll. Okay. How about Tiffany powers? Tiffany towers. Yeah, girl with tremendous boost. Man, they must be like 50 triple after something. I'll be damn. Okay. We got a man. And one other thing for you. You know, it's really funny how we have a present and get in touch for getting a silly blow job. But meanwhile, we got a president that goes in and invade another country and nothing happens to them. And all these kids are dying over their every day. It's just a criminal. Harley even talking about it. We had two days ago. We had six more kids killed over there. And then I even talking about it. I know nobody's talking about it. Everybody's so hot. Hot. Hot. Except us. Okay. Good luck, pal. See you tomorrow. Okay. Nobody wants to talk about it. So when they call Congolese a murderer and of course, so they could say the same thing of Rob Strill and of Cheney and Bush and Wolfowitz and Pearl. All of these things. All of these Neil Cahn's been the one of the biggest cons in history. And now they're getting ready for the big spring offensive. Of course, they're calling it like a Afghanistan offensive or whatever you call it. What it is is a political offensive. I'm offended. Yeah. And everybody ought to be because we're going to lose a lot more people. A lot more of our young people are going to die for no reason at all. In addition to which if this if there's so-called hung-ho for raw summer yamama now, how come they didn't do this a year ago instead of the rack attack, which had nothing to do with anything. Shut up. By now we might already have us some. We might be breathing a little bit easier and we could concentrate on really important things as in as opposed to trying to spoil the state of life. 560 560 pound 560 on listen. This story just I don't know my more people why didn't get bigger play in the papers. U.S. scientists create new form of matter finding could lead the better super conducted. Do you see this? No, I didn't please tell. Scientists yesterday said they created a new form of matter and predicted could help lead them to the next generation of superconductors for use in electricity generation more efficient trains and countless other applications. The new matter form is called fermionic condensate and it's the sixth known form of matter after gases, solids, liquids, plasma and a Bose Einstein condensate created in 1995. Ready for that? A new form of a matter. The superconductors all were waiting for so that you have the eternal power on your phones What we've done is create this new exotic form of matter. Deborah Jinz. This is just that the National Institute of Standards and Technology is joy. Plus be other of those scientific Satanic plots. Thought it down. She said it's a scientific breakthrough providing a new type of quantum mechanical behavior. Gin and her colleagues taught a super cool potassium atoms is just one step closer than every day usable superconductor. A material that conducts electricity without losing any of its energy. It's related to a Bose Einstein condensate. She said it's not a super conductor, but it's really something in between these two that may help us in science, link these two interesting behaviors. And other researchers may find practical applications. If you had a superconductor, you could transmit electricity with no losses Gin said. Right now something like 10% of all electricity we produce in the U.S. has lost. It heats up wires and doesn't do anybody any good. Or superconductors could allow for the invention of magnetically levitate of trains. Free or friction they could glide along at high speeds using your fraction of the energy that trains use now. How do you like that? Sounds like another one of those comedy pic goes scientific plots. Next thing you know they'll be saying the world is more than 6,000 years old. Do you believe that? Last femur. Yeah. I'll hand it to Bill Marl, given credit. It's very takes a little bit of a ball to go on national TV, even always of puts and ripped religion away. He did last night on the King Show. While Larry said they were twirling his thumbs and snap at his suspenders. It's just too bad that it wasn't somebody with some credibility saying that although the people are watchlery king they believe Bill Marl. I mean that's a magic fit. You know what I mean? Four minutes till noon we got to mad dog at two. We got to hump right to Super Bowl in Houston at four. Let me see again Houston more boring more tragic than even Buffalo. Hurricane hotline at seven from Tony Romas and you got the big A to 10, A to 10, A to 10, A to 10, A to 10, A to 2, Joe and Mark overnight in the morning. That's the first one I tell you. I'm so lucky pornography on the website. Still to ride. Oh yeah She still looks pretty good. I'll say that Brittany. She's 12.03.05.60. She's painted me. It was that kiss with Madonna. It's the Dennis Denise Rodman connection. Anyway, here's the facts that says you hear the news that Rudy Giuliani has been going to replace Cheney in the upcoming election. Did we hear that? No. Yes, we did. Boy, it's just it just never ceases to amazing me. While others think it should be probably will be misrace. Mr. Rice, oh god almighty, some of you people are just pathetic. State tells Brower to win Citrus Tree replacement program. George, thanks me this because he's got an agenda. And yes, I didn't know that our agriculture commissioners name was. What it is. Charles Branson, you son of a bitch. Stan Agra Cultural Officials of Ordin Brower County to win the state. It's too many dollar program to provide fruit trees to residents who lost trees in the cut of her solicitors can't eradication effort. You might wind up getting some money back. Yeah, right. They're going to sue the state. Get you your money back. Good. The state and county along that of War hub, best to fight Citrus Chanker. And agriculture commissioner Charles Branson is demanding the county to return any unspend money from the Replant Brower Program who wants to give it directly to residents who's trees have been cut down, George. Great. Cut a check. Took almost two years for the county in areas cities to set up the free tree program after receiving the state grant, but they've since given out 63,000 trees, even though 747,000 mains on spent local officials said it's committed to pay for another 60,000 trees being grown for Brower, about a hundred thousand dollars could be returned without breaking any contracts. But that money's needed to tell residents how to get those trees when they become available. This is a backwards slack for our challenge in the court to the Citrus Kaker program. That's a county commissioner Christian Jacobs who pushed to the creation of Replant Brower. It's intent that. Gotcha. You son of a bitch. Charles Branson. So name right there. Somebody says dirt digler or somebody who liked buggy nights a lot. I prefer it is twin brother, dirt diddler myself. Here's an interesting story just came off across the thing. And what I said before I think we ought to do that. I have like the porno star of the day or something like that. Or something like that. Like even the Toronto sun, which is a very conservative newspaper, and on the less they have the sunshine, boy and a sunshine girl of the day, but they're not naked, but the next best thing every day. What's the best thing? Or the completely naked, maybe like an a turgid state. Fisons speaking of meat, bison burst on a low carb scene. Ever had that? Yes, I have. It's great. Is it? Oh, no. What was the stuff was it? Fisons that they brought by a kid at the IOD. That's how it was. There were here in the earlier days. Somebody brought us some really interesting meat. It was a delicious buffalo meat and it was good buffalo jerky. Cosher buffalo meat? Yes. What makes a buffalo kosher? The ready. I thought it was her Weinstein on Channel 7 News. He's not there anymore by the way, fat boy. Americans looking for a low carb diet and mad cup who felt turn to beef are becoming increasingly interested in. Bison. Although the bison industry is just a baby when it comes to us meat production, there are signs of heightened interest as producers. We cover from the mid-1990s slump brought on by overproduction. People see it more probably sample it more and they like it. Said Roy Rosel, who manages a bison ranch in Colorado. Does it say anything about how it tastes? Bison meat higher in iron than beef can be difficult to find on store shelves and commands of premium restaurants and supermarkets compared to a similar cut of beef. At Denver ground bison was selling for $5.99 a pound, about compared to $4.69 a pound, for $93 per seveline ground beef. Got it, got it. There have been known, known cases of mad cow disease in bison. Yet, when they start feeding us a feed and then they've ground up a crap. They'll see. The whole deal with the co-church. Co-church? Co-church? Unfortunately, they went out of business. That it was all organically fed bison. Well that's great. You give it a shot, let me know how it is. It will say, you stay alive after six months. I like my meat. Who is your all-time, I like the veal? I like that baby cow. What ever happened to the veal lady? Yeah, I do. I don't know. Maybe she died for meat and some tainted fish and that mercury poisoning. Who's your all-time favorite fore and star male or female? Tracy Lord 64 and Jenna James and 62, they're like an ellip block. They are asked to ask. Back from. You people are all much of perverts 31.8% thank you. We take that as a very high compliment. I'm just showing. Where are we going to get the, we could like put the bread pit. I mean, people have seen that. But you know what I mean? Oh, I don't, you mean like celebrity nudity, that kind of thing? Yeah, whatever we got. You know, just, just as kind of a titillation factor to get more people turned out to where we've sent in, then maybe by accident to look at some of the other needs stuff on the whole work on it. It'll be a labor of love. Whoa. You and people are a bunch of perverts 31. I've never seen any porn 23. Right. Sure. I bet you've lined Mike voted on that. Gingerline 22 and we're late 18. Merrill and you think that they have porn in Braille? You know, because remember, isn't that something to write about? Not, not blind Mike, the chronic Jingle guy, but Mike Bohan, the board up. Right. The other camp to the Apporno in Braille. They publish or at least they used to publish playboy in Braille. And they have a great variety of erotic material for the blind according to him. Well, it's an accurate. Yes. Gingerline 22 and Merrill and Chambers 18. Well, even Vanessa Delrio 17, Christy Canyon 14, Christy's Canyon. Rackel Daryan 12, Peter North, has got 10. Because who he took to Donna was right on Peter's ass. He's got 9. Dominique Simone 8. Oh, that's... Vanity Woods has got 8. Oh, she was really a hot number. I'll try to... You ought to go out and find that somewhere. Steal it. Debbie does Dallas. I mean, it's pretty corny. But she was just beautiful. Oh. Oh. Yeah. I guess you likes it. Tom Octorewell 7, Nina Hartley 7, Ryan Jeremy 7, Brianna Banks 6, Savannah 6, I didn't even five and Rackel Saboredes got four just record four. There were a time inside by each. 5. 6705 6 people keep this going in. Let me tell the audience the pool for the next hour starting next hour. And the one that will be on the rest of the day. Which of these statements do you think is the most true? I already told him this tonight. The L is too angry. George is a hard aspect. Too much bush on the show, the wrong kind. None of the above the show is fine. W.M. has a death wish. Ah. Gregory belongs on death row. Clarence's gay. Or QM needs for real back bad. Which of those? Is for real coming back? No. By the way, Chris, who keeps back seeing the legible mess. Yes. Your taxes are a legible, Chris. Not as he found us. If I could read it, I would tell you. I see. Hey, your taxes are a little literate. Get a new thing. W.M. Hello. Hey, can I vote for the poll? Yes, sir. George is a dumb ass stupid stick. Oh, he's starting about. He's starting about the other pool. I feel like he had a moment. We want to put you on this one. Maybe he thinks you're a pornographic. Yeah. See, one thing about you. I don't know why this is. I mean, there are a lot of people that hate me like Poison. But I think that the the the intensity of the hatred toward you is so much greater. I mean, it could be wrong than the than the hate for you. Right. Of course. Why is that? I fill in for you. No, that's not it. All right. Now, there's something beyond that. Okay. In fact, maybe we'll take a poll on that one of these days. Very soon. And fight out. Just what it is about you. I know we've done that in the past. But it has to be a little bit more. I think that's a little bit more. I think that's a little bit more. I think that's a little bit more. I think that's a little bit more. I think that's a little bit more. I think that's a little bit more. I think that's a little bit more. I think that's a little bit more. I think that's a little bit more. I think that's a little bit more. I think that's a little bit more. I think that's a little bit more. I think that's a little bit more. I think that's a little bit more. I think that's a little bit more. I think that's a little bit more. I think that's a little bit more. I think that's a little bit more. I think that's a little bit more. I think that's a little bit more. I think that's a little bit more. I think that's a little bit more. I think that's a little bit more. I think that's a little bit more. I think that's a little bit more. I think that's a little bit more. I think that's a little bit more. I think that's a little bit more. I think that's a little bit more. I think that's a little bit more. I think that's a little bit more. I think that's a little bit more. I think that's a little bit more. I think that's a little bit more. I think that's a little bit more. I think that's a little bit more. I think that's a little bit more. I think that's a little bit more. I think that's a little bit more. I think that's a little bit more. I think that's a little bit more. I think that's a little bit more. I think that's a little bit more. I think that's a little bit more. I think that's a little bit more. I think that's a little bit more. I think that's a little bit more. I think that's a little bit more. I think that's a little bit more. I think that's a little bit more. I think that's a little bit more. I think that's a little bit more. I think that's a little bit more. I think that's a little bit more. I think that's a little bit more. I think that's a little bit more. I think that's a little bit more. I think that's a little bit more. I think that's a little bit more. I think that's a little bit more. Well, there is stuff about the Carlisle group in here. Yeah, but also about P-NAC, the project for New American Century. All of that stuff is in there. Which leads me to another question because I was looking for that story for a while on your archives. Do you stop archiving stories after a while on the website? How long are they on their church? In definitely as far as I know. Really? Okay, so maybe I'm just a dumbass. But I don't know. He's just saying that to try to pacify with answer. I don't really know. No, no, no, no. You all passed the Barmeany Anyways. I'm having for any answer. Oh, and some is speaking of pacifier. Tungney Pressers. The word I was looking for before a Tungney Presser. Oh, when to give a electro shock therapy. Not that there's anything to do with this, but it just popped into my mind. Hey, Neil. Answer. Closing. Remorther than Apple. Okay, thanks. You're welcome. Five six. I'm less than speaking of him. I don't want to knock my close personal friend. Remember, but I will anyway. Him and Denise, man. I'm going to tell you. I'm watching. And there was a turn into a very exciting game last night. The fire pants again. And this business of going off on these tangents and talking about all this extraneous stuff telling stories. You know, and having this verbal intercourse back and forth while there are all of these unbelievable chances to score goals at both ends and goys are making great saves. Both toward the end of the game and then in overtime, although at least thank God he got the save on Ricky that the longer made. But, you know, remember, it cut the crap already. Will you please? People want to hear an exciting description of what's going on when the game is exciting. When it's a blowout like Monday, that's game we got to be. At that point, you can tell all your stories about Christian whose radius is a good Christian or whatever anyone who wants to tell us, but make the game exciting to describe the action. That's what went on and wanted here. Not all these. Bop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop. Deepy. Come on. Already cut the crap. Damn it. I bet you won't buy it lunch now. All right. And it's my fault. Of course, it wasn't going to buy it lunch before we write him. 12 13, it finds six. No, no, it just bugs me. I don't want to hear that all this extraneous crap. I want to hear somebody make the game exciting for me and describe what's going on. I mean, should I can see what's going on? But you know, when somebody just almost get a damn goal or two or like all these like three four great saves in a row, and all of this extraneous stories about stuff that happened 80 years ago with some frog and Montreal. Nobody cares than he's okay. Get a life, you stupid frog. It's the last mortgage. You'll ever need the only one mortgage from financial group. The benefits are incredible. You pay zero closing costs, zero application, fee zero credit, zero fees, zero discounted points. Get yourself that new low interest rate. It just 1.25%. If you have 100,000 out of load your payments are over low, 334 a month. If you have a 200,000 out of load your payments are a mere 608 a month. Don't forget once you refinance or get you a new home mortgage from financial group, you'll never pay closing costs again. So if this sounds interesting to you, call and get all the information by dialing 1,800 940 land. Get that low rate mortgage if you're zero and then move on to your next property without any further cost to expense. You pay zero underwriting fees, zero dot fees, zero closing costs, even when you move to another property. Get that new low financing rate of just 1.25%. It's the only one mortgage and it's only from our friends at the financial group. For the tails call 1-800 940 land and never ever pay closing costs again. Financial group at 1-800 940 L-E-N-D. Equal housing lender restrictions apply rate substitute change monthly for point 2-1 APR. my money. okay? Whæll bвин? This is a half-to-do you ain't getting none We all have to escape you You lie and you see Ready, dream on, Randy You'll never have me Sorry, steamboat, Randy Little bit you and dreams Go in down life, sink in high waves, that's sad Long we clow Everyone knows the only one who's he goes in the clouds That bloodshot and wasted talking trash With us in the wild You had so pure ass And it ain't been out And a while You were out You didn't better But that was the old Randy, Stephen O'Ran, who's going to save us from all these right wing conspiracies Which I commend you for highly, you'll go girl All the evil Exactly, she can undo the evil doers 12, 20 At the QM, here's the fact that this is Bison Me, is known for giving you anal leakage Back to him The meat tastes good, but now worth the side effect Now I don't understand this lesson, it even states it in the package pork What is package pork after it would bison me? I don't know, I think the facts were maybe confused I see, or maybe the just packing pork When we had that sponsor, he gave us like an entire box of Bison Me He was a sponsor on the station, the Bison Me guy, the kosher buffalo meat Really? Yeah, I need the brought boxes of jerky in And I ate bags of the stuff, it was great And I'll be weak at all Yeah, but you're not one of those fat people So you can't people have anal leakage All the time, no matter what they eat Now, two of that we didn't use this story earlier But it's just one of those judgments Because we don't want to appear on the adjudge report again And the information like going on here and saying that Jolie runs dropping out after the new handshire primary Correct We're saying that Kari is going to win by six points We don't want to give misinformation up that, misfudge So I waited till we had, but here it is in the Sun Sentinel website Actress Robin given cited after SUV runs over Elderly woman in Miami I thought it was two people Well, it's chopped off at the end here Well, maybe we'll get into the story here Actress Robin given was cited for failing to use Duke care Wednesday, not after police said our SUV ran over an elderly woman Trying to cross busy-biscayne Boulevard Now where do you get the two people? I don't, I guess I delude And even though they 39 year old Givens nor two children in the SUV ages 4 and 10 We're injured, but the accident left 89 year old Maria Antonio Alcover Of Southwest Firstary in Miami and critical condition Add Jackson Memorial this morning Ah How come I took them so long to get to Sun their website This is says 1122 AM And it happened last night and somebody facts this to me earlier Then it happened, but though we had a wait Witnesses told police once these acts into the corridor around 620 PM last night While Alcover was crossing Biscayne Boulevard Newer its intersection with 79 street What we sure know that area well Right by the INS building Right by the old Sunny's market Right by the old I Oh The Alcover was halfway across the Boulevard When a traffic light changed the green A black 2000 Mercedes van's SUV They've been stopped at the light continued south Bond on the Boulevard and collided with the elderly woman After being struck police spokesman Delresh Moss and Alcover Fell backwards and her left foot landed beneath the SUV The still moving Mercedes ran over the foot nearly Severing it, oh Jesus The driver of the SUV Robin Simone Givens apparently continue down for several more feet Before being flagged down from witnesses When given stopped the SUV police said the actress walked back to the injured Alcover until she was rushed to Jackson Givens was cited at that point She was extremely cooperative and shaken by the experience It was not immediately know what relationship the two young boys were To give us who often winners on nearby Miami Beach Well, it's an accident, you know what I'm saying? What are we going to do about that? What is there to say about that? Very sad Yes Maybe my Tyson getting it a hold of Robin Givens again It's not around a little bit Straighten her ass out after doing something like that Oh, it's speaking a punch packing You've honed Rodriguez and the Detroit Tigers are on the verge of agreeing to a 40 million dollar Four-year contract the AP learned last night And he's going to be examined in Texas today They're going to examine his Turkish and Texas And if he clears the thing There's the exam he's going to Detroit You know what? Great place for him Stick his ass in Detroit And the rest of him in Ispaming Michigan and the rest in Macon Island Screw your punch Bye-bye The fact that there were assholes in the median south-water Oh, can we get him back and people call this radio station You think the mountains can get punch back Man, you talk about having no self respect Yeah After somebody slaps you in a face like that And it's all indignant and full of crap Good place for your Detroit man I hear everybody on the station talking about a lot of toilet that isn't there right After Houston after Buffalo and in fact I had a both of my would say Detroit Biggest toilet in the world It's an outdoor toilet Alkaira side calls for a big attack on US We'll save that for next day I don't want to get anything too depressing Dean campaign is coming on include It gets a shake up Fireed his manager they got all kinds of stuff going You see the name of the new Can't pay manager that he's having The name is Roy Oh, that's right You play that yesterday Or in the morning He's hiring Roy in the along time he'd to Al Gore is hiring Roy Dude But we'll get to that While we take some more calls Let's get some more names on here all the worst Mid-Canum this thing I want to clock How's it coming right now Neil? Vadywast Roy Dude Who's your all time favorite porn star Meal or female Roy Tracy Lawrence 75 Jenna James in 72 Where was that? Where foster was hung like a buffalo Uhhh You people are a bunch of perverts 34 you said that 7.6% Will shame on us Are we a don't we feel guilty about? No I've never seen any porn 24 5.3% What do you just wait till next week when we turn our website into a pornographic website Maryland Chambers 20 Amberland 19 Vanessa Del Rio 19 It'll be a labor of love George like you said Christie's Canyon 15 Rackel Daryan 13 Peter Nutz got 11 Inches Dominique Simone 11 Nina Hartley 10 Torrey Wells 10 Cause he took to Donos got Look at that I bet you Robert Cooper voted out too Yeah Ron Jeremy is tired with Bambi Woods Each have eight Oh yeah, I'm sure that Ron Jeremy is equally as lovely as Bambi Woods Oh god And I'll guarantee that everyone of the people of Odder for Ron Jeremy is a head war sexual George You can blame us thanks for a lot of things but haven't tasted that bad and then is not one of all I'd like to differ Savannah 7 Linda Love late six Brianna banks five Six and then haven't and Rocco's if ready to have five Oh, he's used to be pretty and she is just record for a Chloe for Gloria Leonard that big old double like Scott for Long-dong ding-dong silver's got three Shawn Michaels to Chad Hunt has got to go on public public is that really the name? I don't know it was on the box It's got two Jennifer Wells two Nikki charm appear. Sake has got appear, but they're kind of old and saggy and candy sample has got two and a bunch of others was one That way we're kind of saggy. I don't think I was gonna get out of here. Sake was impeccable man. She was spotless saggy No, you're well, maybe when you first start sooner, okay? But back in the day last year No about 40 years ago she looked pretty damn good trust me when I tell you or not She looked better than Jackie Johnson. I'll guarantee that that's why I still I still have to laugh at some of these guys And it tells you the desperation level of South Florida you're sitting there watching Jackie Johnson just does rubbing that thing raw. God she is small potatoes No, they sort of pretty much potatoes at least one of them is pretty small and that's probably the one that's is real Dilemactors knows that nothing can improve your daily health well being in productivity better than a great night slave if the old mattress is worn out You'll know it you're back. We'll tell you you're not gonna good night sleep. You feel like you haven't slept at all So celebrate the new year and real comfort with the great new mattress some dialometrist call them now Dilemactors is proud of added strings and foster to their already strong championship lineup Students and foster is the best mattress made in America And you can sleep on one as soon as tonight if you make that call right now 1-800 mattress and dialometrist also carries the complete line of all the top manufacturers in the universe Seely sort of Simmons King Carl temper pectic two you can choose from literally dozens of models at low unbeatable every day It's come prices so if you want to get ripped off head for the betting and department stores if you want to best deal go and call dialometrist So the only folks will let you choose that to our delivery window that meets your schedule to any day seven days week from eight in the morning till ten and night when it's convenient for you They're the number one of customer satisfaction for all of these reasons. So do the smart thing like I'm doing and George and Miguel and everybody at QM is doing Call dialometrist to guarantee yourself a great night sleep for years to come 1-800 mattress 1-800-MATTRES Or online you'll find them at macros.com I love for my pussy but my pussy wasn't there well well I can't feel it the weather. Oh, I suppose for you to give me my I got a letter and I climbed up to my bed. I saw you and I just needed that my pussy was so I can't feel it the weather. Oh, pussy goes full. Can't get a candy like I fell in the weather. But I'll go home by the bone. What she foolished Did you teach him? Then everyone's a kid and you have that free as pussy that fell in the weather Then ever was a pussy that could quite compare with her. No. Pretty as a picture with her long looking girl. Well, well, well, well, my cat fell in the way. Oh, pussy goes full. Can't get a candy like I fell in the weather. If you have a pussy that you wouldn't try to sell. Never let her wander or she might fall in well. Well, well, well, well, my cat fell in the weather. Oh, pussy goes full. Can't get a candy like I fell in the weather Well, I mean, our playing clips with Chris M. Oh, R. Oh, and on here from 100 years ago See, one thing, well, many things parents does not understand beside life is that there are a lot of people listening to that he or I just show who couldn't give a flying crap less about sports. That's number two of the people who do care about sports 95% then could care less about hockey. Unfortunately, but that's the reality of it So, playing these long ponderous clips from all these games 100 years ago is nothing more than just wasting incredible amount of time number one and number two like a two now. You're a two now, Clare, it's okay. I think that is like just stop playing those things. Okay. I'm a serious. We're going to be more selective about the rejoins that we're playing than Josh can get fired. I mean, I'm just telling you right now. It reminds me of those awful Steve Nickel days at IOD. Oh, he's not playing the rejoins and that's my time. And that's the kickback series that you're right. You'll kickback series was great. It's one thing to kickback. It's another thing to take a kickback. Oh, speaking of the kickback, it's a great article, but it's much too long in ponderous for me to read on a year from the Washington spectator. He's about the Bush family's profit here. Oh, it was on observed. We ought to get that off on our website. I'll pass the cover to Eric. Oh, you know, thanks to cover on at Eric. I'll go ahead and see any, um, well, he'll find it under Washington spectator. You'll find it, Eric. Trust me. You can do it. Anybody can do it, man. You demand this thing from a Chris. Maybe maybe his fast machine in New York isn't working because it's trying to give him a message. I mean, Sakaka Kamal Pipee. Come on, Chris. Yeah. Sakaka Kamal Pipee, that great Japanese porn star. Come on, Chris. Get where the kid alive. He's under a lot of pressure. And speaking of a blow. Jobs. Somebody faxes me this. I saw this, but why would we want to talk about it? The decomposing remains of a 60 tons sperm whale explode that's a sperm whale exploded on a busy Taiwan street, showering nearby cars and shops with button organs and stopping traffic for hours. The 56 foot dead whale have been on a truck headed for an octop C at the university earlier this week when gases from internal decay caused its entrails to explode in the southern city of Pineau. The whale had died after was beats on the southwestern coast of the island. I pay. That's funny. Huh? I think it's funny. The sperm is spurtin all over the place. Yeah. Yeah. Exploding whales. Here's another facts. Oh, God. This this one's getting so chronic man. So chronic. I'm severely concerned about Mr. Mad Dog show. Like you mentioned yesterday, he keeps some consciously making references to the males in the tenure. Well, whatever, call him up in the tummy. But then it wasn't Mad Dog talking about Tom Brady's ass. That was the moment of salute. He is obsessed with Tommy Brady's ass and probably rightfully so. 5-6705-6. Did you think we have a few more names to put on here? I don't even know why we'd bother. Well, we'll give it a shot. Why not? Somebody QA him. Hello. Hey, no. Yes, sir. I got one for a poll on my ship and everybody said he had to. What about a Kobe tie? Kobe tie? That sounds like something even the Japanese restaurant. George, no. No. No. You know who that is? No. Oh. No. But we'll put on there and I can feel better, okay, thanks. 5-6705-6. Did you pound 5-6 on the AT&T and Verizon? Wireless line. Who's your favorite all-time? Oh, look at that Joe Coniston when I favor common. It's really qualified to comment on what the President's intentions were or how intelligent was used or manipulated. He wasn't in the CIA when these decisions were being made. He was brought on after the invasion to try to find these weapons. They're not there. And the fact is that the President, the Vice President, the Secretary of State, the National Security Advisor and many people in the administration professed a level of certainty about the fact that there were weapons of mass destruction. Very, very dangerous quantities of very specific weapons in Iraq. The Secretary of Defense said he knew exactly where they were. I think that is a misrepresentation. I don't think there's any doubt about that. They couldn't have been turned out to be a lot of control. But Joe, when I interviewed David K. yesterday, he specifically said he spoke to all of those people who came up the professionals in the CIA and the Defense System establishment. He spoke to all of them and asked them, were you under any pressure to tailor to a color your bottom line to coin-shadows the political views of the top. I understand that. He said, he said, he came up with those wrong assessments on their own. You should know that those professionals would necessarily tell a presidential appointee that the President had pressured them or their colleagues to do something like this. I don't know if they would or not. I think we need a full investigation of what happened here. The fact is that the Vice President and others from his office were going to the CIA. There's no question that the administration was wanted to have a certain intelligence message out there. They decided to go to work with their rock as early as February 2001, according to Paul O'Neill. And I think we don't know the truth about this yet. I've gone Joe, Joe Conneson from the New Yorker Observatory is great. I love the standing. What are my favorites? And of course, we'll close here. But we'll be in the middle of the road. But we'll be in the middle of the road. Stick it up your ass, Wolf. You show you phony piece of turdman, Heinrich Hitler Jr. Cotton Hollywood who's a very, you're right. He added very to the chronic facts around here. I mean, just in obsess. He says, all sports announces this town suck. And so did Andrea true? Is it true? Is it true, Michael? Is it true? No. Anyways, I like it fine. I guess how do you like it? Tons, as he likes it fine. And yet, you'll get around there for a couple minutes till we fish again at Paul's. Twenty-two-one, we got the mad dog at two who evidently also is vying with MOF for Tom Brady's ass. And also the first ladies, she wants her hand on Tom Brady's ass. Everybody's after poor Tom's ass. Heinrich Oliver got the Super Bowl for the South New and the Heinrich will probably have an update on Tom Brady's ass. Because he's close to the action. and we got her Kuhn Hotline at 7 at Tony Romas at 67th and Lottelman South Miami for all use sports nerds out there, all you silly hurricane people. The big O, Orlando Alza queried at 8, Eddie K. 10 and 2 and Mark Rover night, followed by the unmentioned of bull one. 20 to I guess I'll say that straight for like a minute or two, about Al Qaeda. Okay. I don't want, no, I don't want to give people nervous and all, uh, spastico, they've had enough stress. They've been laid down the garden path one time too many. Hey, if you're thinking about a new car or truck, if you want to save a lot of cash, then I invite you to visit Armas Drongs Toyota of Homestead. Located on US-1, just 20 minutes South of 836, Armas Drongs Toyota of Homestead is worth a drive no matter where you are, to save yourself a tremendous amount of money. Thousands and thousands on brand new Toyota's. Check out these great prices and O for a Corolla loaded including air that you own for just 12, 990 and O for a can be with air automatic and much more just 16, 990. Need a truck? How about an O for Toyota Tundra, the safest truck at America, from just 14, 990? And when you buy your new vehicle, Armas Drongs Toyota of Homestead, you get a free sun pass, these with the first dealers near you to offer your free tires and batteries for life. General manager David Richen is staff will do whatever it takes to put you into exciting brand new Toyota today. So experience the Armas Drongs Toyota of Homestead, difference are locally owned and operated. They're committed to 100% customer satisfaction. Service department is open late week night to late to make sure your service work is done right. Convenially located in the US 1 and 293rd street in Homestead just 20 minutes south of the 36. So if you're sick and tired of those mega dealers who over promised an under liver, you gotta be calling David Rich the Toyota Homestead GM right now at 305, 242, 3247. That's 305, 242, 3247, Armas Drongs Toyota of Homestead, grab a little and save a hell of a lot. I'm at brand new Toyota. And now, a word from Howard Beings' wife. Hi, hello there. Project of Julius Steinberg, why for presidential candidate Howard Dean? You can call me Judy. Not Judge Judy, that's that different reskite. People want to know, why I'm hardly ever on campaign trail with Howard. Hey, did you get a good look at me in Iowa? I scared a crap out of myself. I made proud for this and I look like a shane of fool them. Stop me if I'm bombarding you with too much edition. Anyway, how he says after I showed up his numbers drop it. No, I say that's a bunch of Michigan. For those of you who don't have to be a good one, I think Howard is a good guy. Though he's watching my call and loose cannon, he's got a pretty bad temper on him. I remember one time on the right kids left the cap off of the toothpaste. I thought he was going to blow a gasket to bring cut out in his head and that white spit strings were going in the corners of his mouth. Even Machuga, I spent 23 years with this shagots. Most of the time he's a manch, but on occasion, I hate him. I think my husband Howard would make for a very good president. One of the things I'm a little peo about is that how he doesn't let us have a TV. I run a watch section in the city. I get the shut down to campaign headquarters, or to the crookers to watch on some tiny black and white set. I have never seen any program in color. So I know Jackie Kennedy. Hell, if you look at me, I'm no Ted Kennedy. I don't want to make up. I'm like a whisker away from being a mish. Don't expect to see much more of me during the campaign. The only reason I'm addressing you today is because I was able to chew through my restraints. Anyway, because that's here this for Dr. Judith Steinberg over and out. People are about to commit to a like John Kerry president. Well, 47 at 5.60 WQMs. We've got that new campaign manager now, Howard. He's got no money to spend any seven states coming up next week, which are, let's see, North Dakota. Delaware. Yeah. South Carolina. You can just play the tape. Missouri. Arkansas and America. I mean Arizona, New Mexico. That's off the top of my head. Is that correct? Yeah. Thanks. Oh. And if he's got no money for that and quite frankly, he probably shouldn't waste any money. And that because he's not going to win any of those states anyway, right? He's waiting for Michigan. He's got a shot to win their I believe he's waiting for Wisconsin, which I think he just my kick ass there. He's not dead yet. They're right in them off too soon. Alcat aside, and what's the name of that new manager? Roy. The current strategy of Alcat is to pursue a major attack. This is from UPI. I want to get you nervous. A major attack on the United States to provoke retaliation against Saudi Arabia according to a radical Islam website. An online magazine thought to be affiliated with Alcatus as a statement in Medjani where issued by the group slater Osama Yamama been ladden indicates that the next major attack by Alcatua will be on targets inside the United States. We continue on our path and our G-Hod against America right cheek Abdullah Al Rasheud and the January 20th issue of voice of G-Hod and online magazine. We continue to strike at America we expect that our next blow will cause the collapse of the situation Saudi Arabia due to vengeful response. The first result of which will be the direct occupation of the oil sources and America's entrance into Saudi Arabia with the aim of changing the situation from its foundations. Been ladden expects that the U.S. will directly attack the oil sources and will declare their occupation it continues. The situation will lead to the total collapse of the regimes and the region. Voice of G-Hod calls upon Islamic fundamentalists and each of the regions countries to prepare for such a contingency by preparing to rule through Islamic law as each regime collapses. Anyone interested in correcting the situation of the Muslim nation must be prepared for the situation by establishing a council of clerics and preachers that will deal with the anticipated total collapse he adds. The House of Saud which will Saudi Arabia has been a consistent source of anger by al-Qaeda for its close ties to the U.S. its corruption which is squatted much of the nation's oil wealth and its decision to base U.S. troops in Arabia during and after the 1st Gulf War. As a result, Vidlan is long advocated and overthrew the regime and its replacement by fundamentalist rule. Voice of G-Hod explains that in Vidlan's mind there are only two scenarios under which the U.S. would move to occupy Saudi Arabia which it considers a crucial development of the pursuit of a worldwide clash between Islam and the West. The first would be the collapse of the pro-American regime's in a region. The second involves an attack on the West that draws a military response in the Persian Gulf. America will take a mighty blow, will go berserk and then decide to punish the extremist deep in the Arabian Peninsula by means of direct occupation the editorial said, this is like the Zionists to were not satisfied with all the treacherous deeds of the Palestinian authority in with the repression of the Palestinian Amuja Haddin by Asa Arafat and his authority in the days of the implementation of the Oslo Accords. The attack on America is predicted by voice of G-Hod in the near future, it's described as one as devastating or more so than the 9-Love of the Taxi-Lib by Al Qaeda. It'll be a surprising blow that is one that is completely unexpected continues. It cannot conceive or imagine the way which it'll be carried out. It is a great blow. That is the losses will be called to that will be caused to America in the Western world and its wake will be very great. The blow will change the international balances of power. The translation of the editorial was provided by the Middle East Research Institute which provides translations of Arabic media sources and other bookmises as well. Tell you like that, they're talking a good game. Love it. They're going to give a big blow. Anyway, see people are going to say, well, the media was unfair to Howard Dean, the doctor Dean and they're the ones that turned everybody against him. In fact, I think that the reason he didn't do as well in our poll as opposed to Kerry is not because fewer people support him in Florida or in our audience. Maybe we just, I just turned off some of them people. Maybe they're gone. Maybe. You know what? Too bad. Because if I would only had negative, some negative things to say about him after that performance, which now ABC is saying, you see, nobody could hear anything. The crowd was screaming. He had the directional mic so I'm in it sound like he was screaming a lot louder. Well, that's fine. My main problem with him wasn't that whole song in advance. And if anybody should know how the media like just stops on things over and over again and runs him into the ground, I shouldn't know what I do. But his performance in the debates is inability to be prepared like in a black and brown thing. That was pathetic. It was tragic. And you start to wonder, can this guy really think on his feet? Can he really answer the questions directly? Is there really something there? I mean, when he's on, man, he's unbeatable. When he's on, right? Right. He's phenomenal. But when he's off, he's brutal. He's kind of like Wally Hennessy, a pump at a park. When he's on, he's great. You can't beat him. When he's off, like the whole month of January, Wally, he couldn't find a finish line with a roadmap and a compass and a search party. So anyway, Howard Dean's got a brand new campaign manager. Who's name is? Roooo! I just said that against Walker play that. The interesting thing which most people don't seem to realize is that the delegates, which is how the nomination takes place, candidate needs 261 delegates out of the current 4321. Guess who leads in delegates so far. I'll tell you. Howard Dean, who's got a hundred thirteen compared to 94 for scary John Kerry 36 for Yahoo Edwards. Guess how many cards got? Bob, third man and 25 for due leaverman. The reason why the reason I'm bigger part of yeah, the leaverman's at a tie. With Dean, forget about the other guys season. I would be virtual close enough. The reason Dean's delegate total popscuries that includes the endorsements elected Democratic leaders and party officials each of whom cast a vote as you'll realize Democratic National Convention in Boston. These are the so-all my god, the convention in Boston. I forgot about that. Do you know that? What about them? Well, I'm just thinking I'm in with Kerry in the lead now. The convention in Boston. I mean, just gonna be a rockist wild enthusiast of the fairer. Feature be the winner. These are the so-called super delegates. Currently, number 800 and one, to figure that can change before the convention. So Dean's got 13, Kerry 94, 36 for Edwards Clark, Bob third man and leaverman has got 25. Oh, five six seven, oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. There's no point in taking any more names for the list because we're we're curtailing it now. We're smith canning it. We're changing the pool. And I think we got plenty more than enough on it. To keep everybody happy with a smile on their face. Give us some ideas to go out to their nearby family video store. Throwing a back there would have had the curtain, you know, and have the big steel curtain, the beaded curtain, and they check your ID. Who is your all-time favorite porn star, Mailor Femail? Jenna Jamison 85, Tracy Lord 83, pretty damn tight. Well, it used to be. You people are a bunch of perverts, 47.7% while too freaking bad, okay? Turn over to rush. He would never watch porno. He's too busy. Poppin pills. I've never seen any porn 29, five and a half percent. Ginger Lynn 27, Marilyn's chamber 23, Vanessa Delrio 21, Amber Lynn 20, Christie's Kang in 19, where I call him, what is that? Darryan? Darryan? I don't know. 16. Dominique Simone 14, how's Simone doing on passion? She's an idiot. Nice eyebrows, though, Simone. Where did I leave off? Nina Hartley has got 12. Mary and Hartley has got a couple. Tina North has got 12 inches. See no matter how I keep saying that, because no matter how high the total goes, it'll be honest. Torrey Wells 10, Ron Jeremy 10, doesn't that make you want to gag? Yeah, doesn't that make you want to get right down to the floor and just he would give the old hevo? Cause the heto-Tenano continues right on Ron's ass that big fat Harry Jewish ass. Cause the heto's got nine. Bandy Woods eight, Savannah's got eight. On that haven seven. Brianna banks has got six as does. Jeff Strikker, Chloe and Riko Riko are a separate guy. We've all got six. Linda lovely six. I'm getting tongue tied. Sean Michaels five. Gloria Leonard four. Man, oh man, what a piece. Nikki Charm three long-dong silver three candy sample three. Jennifer Wells two. John Leslie two. John the Povek pull off. Whatever his name is too. Chad Hunt has got a pair. Sake has got a pair. But George said they're old and wrinkly and saggy. Shriveled. Honey's got melons. Only one for honey melons. One for all these. Gina Lamarca, Joey Silvera, Erica Boyer. John Holmes has got one. Yeah, it's kind of shriveled now. Well, Scott one. Nico Jones, Taffy Towers, Kobe Tye, and we are true. Is it true, Kay Michael? And no votes for Heather Dean, Jake Reed, steel cult, Misty Monday, and Randy West. Hey Randy, guys, go on, maybe you got the big. Which is what he's praying to get another one. You know, even when he was younger, he's so ugly. Randy West. He was in. But yeah, of course. He loves our show. He's a good pie son of a man where the U.R. growth has. And bonus bundle. Since Phelous leader has won the Tashen. I know long ago. I have to look for a motion square. Instead, we listen to the neurologist, parent and balance went to two hours. We'll be fun to see that we're lacking in the pool. Hey, provided, have fun that will be true by the pool. Alright, who's saying? And said, he's the one. He gets down there. Hey, I believe. They did. Take the last. Don't forget our second. We got it. Now we're all hoping and save. You got it. We won't let back as someone. We got it. We won't let back as someone. We got it. We say none or none. Every day the game has to go for a sogital shake. And nothing will짙 The snow doesn't we feel? Yeah. We'll see, today There's пор度 in the middle here. Follow your camera Go. Fuel‑fight. Oh my god they're not Sagano more some of you sent us some bad news. Take a die of years ago and she blew the reins out and they had Sagano mole. I bet you're the nice and firman all per tie and hard. Oh. Well I didn't know that to you. No. She's dead, say, Cawabidam. 103 at 562 come we can change that pull now, Eric. Jenna Jamison wins it with 88 and Tracy Lord 86. Pretty damn tight about his studies and get as to ash. Thank you, Tony. Oh, Tony's over there on 193rd and northwest second Avenue. We're halishing brought to lunch today for Josh and George. Tony's pizza is great. They got all kinds of good stuff. They got subs. Pizza, Josh is having a sub. I'm having a good. I don't know whether I should read the joke, honestly. I don't know whether I should read the joke, honestly. I probably should all know it. It's ponderous and I did the Michael Morthing yesterday. I guess out of fairness I shouldn't joke, honestly. I just don't see any with the wolf master. Yeah. A little bit more perspective just to sure we're not like trying to like tilt it all to one side. Are we? Bush's Worst or a simply don't fly right show, Conneson. He's one of the very best. He says George W. Bush lied about his military service record. The lie can be found in his own 99 campaign autobiography is written by Keren Hughes, where he dramatically describes his experiences of pilot in the Texas International Guard during the Vietnam War. On page 34 of eight a charge to keep Mr. Bush claims that after learning to fly the F-12 fighter jet, he was turned down for Vietnam duty because he hadn't logged enough flight hours to qualify for a combat assignment. We're going on to be called the challenging moments that involve close formation drills at night during poor weather. He adds I continued flying with my units for the next several years. In light of what you're in list now that researchers have learned since the publication of Mr. Bush's book, his account is unmistakably fraudulent. The issue is again relevant because Michael Moore, the author and filmmaker who supports West Clark's presidential campaign, recently impune the president as a deserter. During the final Democratic presidential debate in New Hampshire, moderator Peter Jennings calls Mr. Moore statement a reckless charge, not supported by the facts and demanded the general Clark reputed his celebrity backward. As the ABC Newsman may or more likely may not know, the facts about the president's national guard stood our complex disputed and in many respects on flat-rich. The column of the zirter was wrong and inflammatory even if Mr. Moore was joking as he now insists. Although Mr. Bush may well have an absolute doubt lead, he was never prosecuted for that a fentletalone desertion and he eventually received an honorable discharge. The suggestion that the Bush record is beyond criticism as Mr. Jennings did is both misleading and biased. That bias reflects an enduring double standard on this topic that has protected Mr. Bush ever since he first declared his presidential candidacy. The facts established by the Boston Globe Reporter Walter Robinson in 2000 explode the lyrical flights of fancy penned by him as he was. George W. Bush graduated from Yale in June of 1968 after his father's influential friend's contacted Texas Air National Guard officials, the awarded young George a safe-worth in Houston's famed Champagne unit where sons of the Texas elite avoided Vietnam. His very special treatment included an instant mission to flight training and an extraordinary commission as the second lieutenant, according to his former superior's Mr. Bush performed adamantly as a pilot while patrolling the coastal waters of the US. But in May of 1972 only 22 months after he completed pilot training, he stopped flying. In August of 1972 he failed to show up for his annual physical exam and was automatically grounded. According to the Times of London, a conservative newspaper owned by Rupert Murdoch, Mr. Bush's campaign spokesman said he knew that he would be suspended if he missed that physical. He never flew a military aircraft again or not until his flight suit photo-op-class spring when he briefly took the controls of an S3B Viking jet before landing on the US's Abraham Lincoln. Instead, he left his guard unit and Houston went to Alabama to work in a Republican Senate campaign. The claims of continued to serve in Alabama-Guard unit, but there was no evidence to support that assertion and much contradictory evidence. The commanding officer of the Alabama-Guard unit told the Boston Globe that Mr. Bush never showed up for duty there, nor is there any evidence that he sought duty in Vietnam. In fact, there's considerable evidence that Mr. Bush skipped all duty for a 40-year until April 1973. At that point his two superior officers in Houston noted in writing an official document, Lieutenant Bush has been observed that this unit during the period of, let me say it again, Lieutenant Bush has not been observed at this unit during the period of this report. They are honestly believed that he had been completing his duty in Alabama, yet he somehow received an honorable discharge eight months before it completed his six-year commitment so it could be in a attending Harvard Business School. As the globe noted, the champagne unit and others like it back then displayed a tendency to excuse-shirking by those with political connections. So Mr. Bush's claim that he continued flying with my unit for the next several years as an unabashed fall suit, a lie. Yet the spotty coverage of his military record in the mainstream press aside from the globe investigation in similar efforts in the Dallas morning news in the LA Times, he alluded that lie. What is that? He lied? And what is that word? Compare his sock treatment with the media scorching of Bill Clinton who was held accountable during the 1992 campaign for every word uttered about his draft record. I think he meant it he alluded. After Jennings episode validates his dumbest or bushes trained military career but the Bush method of press management, feature analysts like Vassals with nicknames, Tick Pinching and whenever they forget their place momentarily, steering the stain and worse brilliantly. How do you like that? I like it. So you know, it's a matter of semantics whether you want to call him a deserter and you know, he may disagree with Michael Moore in terms of that. But the fact of the matter is he's a freaking liar and how come we're hearing about this now almost four years after he stole the 2000 elections. How did we hear as he points out a lot more about it back then? Connie, I see. Let's see. Let's take a look at the new pool. What do these statements do you think is most true now during this hour? I think that those people who hate you like poison or that ones who think that I'm too angry, they don't have an opportunity to know express themselves, express yourself. Don't you? Why not? What do these statements do you think is most true? Neal is too angry. George is a hard ass spick. I mean, it's tough to make just one choice. But that's where we take the pool. Too much bush on the show, the wrong kind. WQM has a death wish. Greg Reed belongs on death row. Clarence's gay. Absolutely. WQM needs for real back bad or none of the above the show is fine. Well, let's see. I'm going to vote for QM has a death wish. Especially when those damn promos clearance you idiot, got or you dumb. Man. And you know something? This is, I guess what he replaced the other stuff that I've bitched and how did they took him off the ear about. Can you imagine if QM weren't all sports and how boring would be? Talk about anything besides the dolphins and the draft and anything else that begins with a D like David and Danny? Man. Let's see, the best male porn star, Julian Julien Julian Rios and Jordan Rivers. Says he has two names, one straight and one gay. Pronto Sanomate Cone and the audience. Smart plant. There you go. 560560. Now let's see the way of any vote. I didn't vote on here yet today. I thought I did. Although I thought I voted on here, but I guess I didn't because I want to see what's happening there already. Maybe something will pop up. Maybe something will pop up. Oh, look at that. None of the above the show is fine. 16. WQM needs for round back. Bad eight. Too much bush on to show the wrong kind. 5. Terrus's gay too. Gregory belongs on death row or at the very least in the middle institution too. QM has a death wish. 1. George is a hard ass spick one and he'll as two angry one. So we're doing pretty good so far. Right. But just wait. I know. WQM. Hello. Yes sir. Are you growing with that pole? Go right ahead. Do the lay one on us. No one mentioned the barber there. No, maybe they didn't dare mention it. She's gorgeous from the 80s. Okay. Thanks, pal. We'll keep it and put it on for next time. It's untied. Honorable mention. And back to you. If she gets on the honor roll, she's rolling it. Poor sake of man. She's like, I'll be damned. And you want to know why? Probably from doing rounds here. Yeah. Oh man. She probably started having nightmares about that. WQM. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. Great show. Love the poles. Hello? Yeah. I'm here. I'm listening. I'm sucking it all in. I got one for you. Paul is out of the 80s. He's got names Ben's over. Yeah. Ben's over. I think it was Dr. Ben's over. Wasn't it? Dr. Dean. We're not doing any more porn stars. Okay. The porn part of the show is over. Only allowed three hours of porn every day. And especially this is for you all those. The promos to play with all that play by play stuff. I interrupted myself. I was mentioning the fact that you replaced that other crap with these things now. I'm going to show you a thing or two. We're going to put sports on. We're going to jam sports right up your ass. But they're like, no, yes. Sports. Sports up the ass. Well, just because you like it up the ass. Thurps doesn't mean that the audience wants to be in it. They would all his sports crap. Okay. On and on and on. And I guess the idea being, and it's just like the rate peri philosophy. And if we have 45 sports stations, that's going to create a lot more sports fans out there. Right. That's like saying, if we have Ukrainian melodies, if we have 20 stations that are willing to play Ukrainian melodies all day, all of a sudden Ukrainian melodies are going to start to catch on. Everybody at town is going to be hominizing them and yank it them. You're Ukrainian melodies, right? And I guess that starts next week. And you know, something that would sure beat those damn promos clearance, just stop already. Stop. Stop trying to be clever. Stop trying to be cute. Stop trying to be creative because you're none of these things, man. You're just a silly ass little monocone. Coven at the actor one is going there to see Duff. Okay, and put your head together. Speaking of that last time you looked at him, maybe you thought boy, that thing is just too small. Doesn't impress women. Doesn't nice as long as they used to. And don't even impress you. We're talking about your paycheck, of course. This Todd Dreckman is he a piece or what? Call fast train toll free at 1-866 fast train to start that new high-paying computer career. And just for sure, at once fast train can help you get a new high-paying career in the computer field. The demand for computer professionals is growing like crazy. So call today and get on the road to a real job, a real career, and a real big fat paycheck. Call fast train at 1-866 fast train. With seven locations fast trains, bound to have a campus nearby where you live. So it's easy to go to class fast train offers you job placement and financial assistance for people to qualify too. And with day night and weekend classes, there's no excuse to stay in your dead end job a minute longer. If you register now, you can add that new high-paying career in just four short months. February, March, April, by maybe by L.Synchwood and myel. Call fast train to day toll free. Check them out on the web first at fastrain.com and then make that call that could change your life forever. 1-866 fast train because now you two can have the big one. 2-866 fast train. 1-866 fast train. 2-866 fast train. What you'll track younger viewers, see span, now offers a brand new reality show, skydiving with Howard Dean. Join Howard Dean, see Chesapeake, and United States, jumping out over some of his favorite states. California. Texas. Here you are. Sound the code on the board. Michigan. I don't know what you need to see to take back the line. And telling soon, no Washington DC. Chereon. It's skydiving with Howard Dean. Forbearing this week on Seespan. On Seespan. On Seespan. On Seespan. On Seespan. On Seespan. On Seespan. On Seespan. On Seespan. On Seespan. On Seespan. On Seespan. On Seespan. And the fact that he was trying to outshot the crowd, get him all wipped up into a frenzy. And all that is right. I'll say to get it. I would've turned on him a little bit. I'd say file, I apologize, and I was if you know I feel bad. No, no, no. Tell people what they want to hear. Oh, I'm not telling them what they want to hear. I told them before that happened. What I think. And I'm telling you that right now. But after having seen that, at least I'll say, Gee, I mean, this was garbage. It was crap. They just buried the guy with that. But the fact that a matter is he's done a lot to burn himself to and I was got his new manager Rawr And you know, I said all that was so I could play that again What? Why the fact that we got it Rawr How often do we have? You know, somebody a Roy Neos the new campaign manager for Howard Dean. How often do we have anybody named Rawr? Yeah, I mean, I mean back at the Cox broadcast and we used to have Bob Yeah, yeah Was a little twerp little piece of crap. We looked a little like Dennis Cassinins without the brains Bob meal. We'd like to step on you Bob, okay come back in have another meeting with all the former IOD employees Okay, well, I'll walk up and step on your little ass a little weasel you and by the way Cheryl, I'll never call me again and tell me to call a Bob meal and wish him a happy birthday, okay? They've always got these sinister little things going on behind the scenes and all these little games they want to play get out of my life She called me when I was home and I didn't return the call. I had no problem with Cheryl just that she bugs me and if she comes back here Fine, I have lots with her again and I'll buy I'm not a cheap skate like some people I know by the way, how's that lunch years coming George is to work on that? What you talking about? 5607056 the one at rumors gonna buy you know As soon as the mod fantasy out of his pants like fantasy hockey WQAM hello Neil yes, sir. Hey, I have a confession to make what's that? I was the one listening to the fanfare's game last night. You were the one I was the one Well, old jugs thanks you profusely You know what and really you're also the last time I grew up in Pittsburgh listening to the great Mike lying right and McDonald was no Mike lying. I'll get off the rancher But he's not that bad. I mean, you know, he makes it sound exciting. Yeah, no, you're right He gets enthusiastic about it He can't say that he's pretty enthusiastic What I wanted to let you know I think I've been able to hold just McDonald to old McDonald Not just another example of how bush league your radio station is Listen to the game last night. Yeah, and they play a spot for I think it was often Burke and it was a free Christmas spot Oh nice Fire husband a gift and Christmas music plane in the background in the whole nine. It was hilarious Ray and One of my years again to understand what we're up against man. Oh, yeah, I know all about it Like he told in George the last few days just just don't care just forget about it Why get get yourself like a lobotomy like Sheridan's doing around passion get they get the electro shock and get all that out of your mind And just like all the people that run that station and the people that own it just you know Just raking the money and don't give a crap about anything else Well, like you said it's a sign on the wall just give us the effin money and there really is there's a sign up there That's what it says and we put it there because that's what they're all about I believe it. I don't know Pally hey me a one other thing. Yes, sir. This whole thing with Howard Dean and it's you know I have a screen speech. Yeah, you know, I'm sure you've seen as these silly brits You know and and their house of lords whatever the hell in Parliament here right and they just you know They just go crazy Oh, no, there's no question that American politics is much too polite I haven't seen it for years. It's a hoot even in the Canadian parliament but the brits They really go nuts. They bang on the tables na yell and they scream and they get up and they get I think that's great because if you feel strongly about something Why do you have to let Kisses you? Well the honorable gentleman from Oklahoma Well first of all there aren't any honorable gentlemen Oklahoma. Okay, so what else at all about it's about much of crap Exactly and you're closing yes, sir. Mike Lang is God Amen See you too bad. My Scott that awful team is gonna work with this hero and Bob area on top of it They took away his partner and made him a coach Edzo Poor Mike good luck. You might you'll need it with that outfit the penguins couldn't score in a fixed game 560 505 60 pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon world of fun. How's this pulled around? I've had you again a lot of response George Right well, they even like a chance to vent. Okay. We like I like to give them that chance just get it out Like that what we're here for like how are Dean? Let's see which of these statements do you like think is the most true? None of the above the show is fine 47 43.9% well, thank God for that WQM is for all back bad 16 16 people out there. He's coming back next week George is a hard ass spik 13 Clarence's gay eight Too much bush on the show the wrong kind seven. No, we just tried to make up for that with three hours Three hours of the other kind of bush. I don't have bush anymore Gregory belongs on death row six. Well, I used to I've got to say could it Yeah WQM has a death wish six and he'll is two angry four out of hundreds seven That's in last place two freaking angry stop being angry. We want it to happen. Yeah, you know They like the angry Neil. Which is that one guy? Oh listen. I just put an honor to amuse you Okay to amuse him do I have a couple of people. Oh yeah everybody I talk to says will new is two angry Yeah, of course you know how many people that is one himself I talk to himself a lot who else would talk to him? W W Q A M hello. Hi Neil. How are you doing pretty good sir? Great. I was wondering do you know if they replay the the horse races on TV down here like golf streams If they replay him? Yeah Oh Yeah, that's a good question. I think that if you have This wouldn't be a replay it would be live but if you have like the on on Direct TV or one of those or do what's the other one the other dish dish now or how to play Every kind of that they have you know I know what you're saying and I don't really know maybe somebody will call in tell you Okay, thanks. Okay, I mean as far as we're playing horse races now when you have good digital They come for the top of the stretch it's snubbed the devil the leader on the outside is gold reserve in second has the turn from equity I'm by the way Snubbed the devil violent that I have snubbed the devil one to two is a lock They're gonna wait for the view for the back tabega grow It's snubbed the devil prevailing here snubbed the devil now by four lengths Then that gold reserve and cluster bomb right now time Durk and stick in the day off who is this stuff two favorite That was being another relative of Marshall Cassidy and Aquara boy Anyway, so there's the answer to that nobody cares about racing in Florida nobody cares about hockey Nobody cares about anything that's a sad part of you But they sure care about this poll today. We're gonna get a tremendous response. You'll see An emotional outpouring from the zone WQAM hello Yeah, good afternoon. Yes, sir speaking I Listen to the morning show. I'm not about the poll The fight knows I listen to Howard and go to I let go to a fetters before what about how the Lutin Ostarkey tell them what the palm show How about what? How about Howard as a forno star, but would he gay or straight? You can go to the square and below to that What about we make a fun and I did get this morning about given the word about La Vistre calling about the boner pill? Yeah, what's wrong with him? Call him an ask him okay call up. Moan asking him right to his purse right to his piece What what's in these statements do you think is most true? Okay the votes are pouring and I know that would 115 none of the above the show is fine 51 QM needs for well back bad 17 George is a hard ass pick 13 see your stuck on 13. You're not doing so bad. What? They're not bashing you so bad you thought that we're gonna rip you an ass. I did not yes you did I did too much version of show the wrong kind nine Clarissa's gay eight WQM has a death wish seven while we knew that a long time ago Gregory belongs on death row six including his ex wife. I'm sure and Niel is too angry for so what were you telling me this morning speaking that oh I was saying it about WQM hello I'll go near yes, sir. Yeah, for that other gentleman sunshine network is Replay the What time oh In the evening time I don't remember exactly when and some of the Somewhere between seven and ten at night. Excellent. Thanks a lot, pal. Bye. See you there you go you ask when we got it for you man We have the third race from act what up right here live in the stretch run for action number nine load of lilacs Yeah, we got a load of boy. Okay, honey. Yeah, out here 26 after one at five 60 WQM. What is this thing that you just Celebration what is that supposed to mean? Oh E-lied E-lied there is such a word. I never see Joe Connison is doing the Margaret there a doubt thing now Put words in there because he knows I'm gonna read his column on here and I can't Marine did you ever hear that no E-lied Which means to omit or slow so in other words they slurred over it. They did they they just look the other way Which makes sense 27 after one speaking are racing and all those things Let's talk about pompot park right now because they got the action Located just to have them out from both i-95 and the floor to turn five pompot park is easy to get to and vest of all pompot park features free admission and Free general parking every day live harness racing in the poke room over every Monday Wednesday Thursday Like tonight Friday and Saturday Poker starts at noon goes on till midnight and live racing gets underway nightly 705 PM watch out for a hollus and Billy regar man. They'll kill you every Monday night at the track is a two for twenty five Dollar dinner special on top of the park rest run and also look out for Elmo Conrad every Wednesday night is dollar night for draft beer So does hot dogs and lots more and every Thursday is ladies night with two for one drink specials and every night on the fourth floor players room There's a 795 Plated dinner special at pompino park and come up this coming Monday market down now don't miss it This Monday February the tooth is the next freeze spaghetti dinner. You won't want to miss that at pompot park free spirit What are you chuckling again? No, I'm marking it down. No, market down freeze spaghetti You're not old enough and then next Friday February the 6th week from tomorrow Pompino park will be celebrating its 40th anniversary with a special night lots of big stuff going on live music give away Street prize drawings family fun night wiki tiki shots going to be their em sing and T card display and lots more stuff going on Pompino park for simultaneous is also open every day in night seven days nights a week with the best in harness Thurber at highlight action from all across North America free to watch and wait you're on a void water Okay, so it all cost Pompino park a block south Atlantic Boulevard and power line road for the current race schedule Go online at pompino park dot com or give McCollot nine five four nine seven two 2000 don't forget post time tonight 705 at Pompino park local We're sports radio five 60s You He's man Wow James Brown is ages double also in licensed to chill James Brown faces his greatest misses here the South Carolina correction also Watch the godfather of soul sized at the affordees with his good foot dance The South Carolina maximum security pin is no math for James Brown's sex machine Hey You'll be shaken not stir by James Brown agent double also in licensed to chill And pick up these classics in a video story near you James Brown in doctor yo and soul figure He's got problems again poor James Brown. That's why I played that Yeah, soul signature James Brown was arrested yesterday and domestic violence charges authority said I can't believe it. Can you yes? Brown said he was booked in the county jail and was to appear to bond hearing Now where the hell was this this was in the South Carolina somewhere don't even bother seeing where He served a two and a half year prison term after 1980 arrest on drug and assault charges We've convicted of a drug related offense in 1998 granted a pardon by the state in May Known as the godfather of soul Brown was under last month of the Kennedy Center is one of the most influential musicians over the past 50 years He's turned more people under that white powder than any other musician going except maybe what's his name? Eric Clapton oh And Kurt Cobain Washington superstar calm that we had Eric informs me with regret that it's a subscription only thing and will not be on our website Oh, well got it got it. That's one of those things we can't be perfect. We can't do it all five six 705 60 I guess what Joe Conneson was trying to say is that the media didn't have to single anybody But he got they glossed over kind like what Clarence does with his lips They glossed over bushes grow testkin and versing lack of military record his is a wall status is what it was saying they glossed it over Like Clarence does to his lips What do you laugh in a box Don't you know that he's lost Stop She was lost see if this is really gonna be a sports stage. I think in this new year even though it's the end of January But it's not too late make another resolution. This station needs to bush up a little bit this year too many Maddie Connes run around you. That's right. Don't say too bad Too friggin bad. We got too many a fruit loops run around Ported up a little bit okay Clarence and stop playing those stupid old Chris Moran drop it. Oh my god Tips from games that have been forgotten by even a people that play them WQM hello Yes, sir how about putting that too much stupid sport I beg your pardon too much stupid Sport talk In that in that folder you take it now. I see I When you when you talk or the other kind Well if you're right on that when you to told you story about the well that exploded right I close my eyes and a visualize Roast limb with all of those still that he's popping Blowing on the you that hey when the be something else you'll be a whale of a deal. Yeah, he just said that he's listening It's a dip to him Did you say that yeah, I'll be there. Hey. Well anyway. I had a decandiver in there, my I had a candida for the other Paul so I'm not sure. I'm Rushtlambau pez. Yeah, I thought would you let me tell you my candida for the Correct, we know. Calagoda you don't know her to George because it's she's a Spanish A start very good in little Havana and in South America the last movie that she may work called La gorda ilaping quita oh geez great. Okay, okay Ask the way go I'll stay here. I'll stay here. Meet us. Okay. Get out of here with your filter I So gutter woman. She just disgusting she makes me nauseous, but she's dead. Oh Don't start again with see this when you're starting to make some inroads again with that's pick community now You're picking on seeing you bad too bad. We can't stand it whatever was I want say her 567 I was working in the phenomenal response here. I thought they'd be calling and ripping you and me and ass But they're not we invited them to do it maybe they like us now today maybe it's one of those days Maybe the moon is in Uranus maybe the stars are lying in my order That could be it. WQAM hello You got yes, sir speaking on your last poem So I'm in some of the shows anyone say the winner Terrace. Oh My god Where's that one? Huh huh 5670560 pound five 60 on the AT and T in Verizon wireless line even if she were a porn star Would anybody pay to see that oh? I mean like I said before if there was anyone even though that broad that was in court in Orlando that the judge said who would write that No date the be if she was on there. I know internet. Oh gee George you better you better Talk about ww dot desparados dot com, you know 2020 anymore. Wow pathetic Put some meat on the bone you're on the same put some meat on the bone. We're not talking about these string bean Christina Aguilera Paris Hilden Jackie Johnson these string beans men and then that's all they are string bean If that's what you like more power to it Joe Joe custom likes that he likes that string bean look WQAM hello How you doing about pretty good sir? I want to talk about my old cool the more Feet on the column line. Yes, I thought it was great He made up some he made some really good points He did a good job about pointing about how any good for something but then all of a sudden once the thing Perfect and good he goes into this diet tribe about Sparks running around all those place raping our women and that's why we need guns He totally lost me on What what are you talking about Column by movie Sparks is running around raping women is like little cartoon in the ballot pie guys runner-up and in the Slate for me and all that jumping and I just lost me. I want you to do that. I think I think I think you're right I think he lost you I think you're absolutely right I think I'm the biggest problem of the Democratic Party they got a lot of great ideas and a lot of good things But then you get these fringe lunatic Like Peter and all of the things like that and that's what you wait a minute Wait a minute. It's Peter part of the Democratic Party Nobody I think it's part of the idea Mike and all running for president So I can say how many people in Peter are Republican none How do you know that if you've done interview them? They're all dancing people and you know they are They're my daughter. I think any of them have time for that. They don't have time for politics to two busy saving squirrels I think that's what you're doing Democratic Party though is that they think they've got I think that's most people or most Middle swing voters think that's a Democratic Party is just a bunch of closet liberal and and they don't identify with them Sir, sir, did the way you throw cliches around is so pathetic Yeah, I feel sorry for you closet liberals. Guess what I'm out of the closet John carries out of the closet Ted Kennedy's out of the closet. We're all coming back out of the closet I know I'm being worried okay I'd wait as president the history of the York country or at least of my country the greatest president was Franklin Roosevelt You can't get more liberal than him John Kennedy was a Massachusetts liberal, okay? So quit trying to play these stupid silly ass games man all man Why did I let him go on? Yeah, your shock has to would say Although I think the part about sports is with guns. I think they got a point. Raven are winning Right damn rapist starts her gone this this guy on so typical one of yours again not already yours Democratic Party, you know you're gonna see pal and in addition which let me say it again I happen many and more people voted for Al Gore who is a weak knee candidate running with an orthodox due running mate Half a million people voted for him then the bush mice do okay so all of this business about well most of the country I take a look at the part of the country that thinks the Democratic Party is too liberal all right take a look at that map again Take a look at them yah who's state now if you're one then jewel and red next you like we said before you know Crackers and Cubans Spicks and Hicks Speaks and Hicks if you're in that category well more power to you, okay bring over the moonshine You See then watch the TV put the finger up there But well, why come to know what's up to know what Christian super born Read five lives in the corner while fondling their nuts whoa my love to know what Christian super born Posted by the pasty from the pasty It's really back to back a roadie and cheese But hold in the bed you just think they need to do That just about over allow to do Why love to know why love to know why love to know Why love to know why love to know why love to know Do they get a swollen pun while leaning out their gun Oh What Christian super born Do they polish up the fish I'm telling them they trust Oh What What What Christian super born See that standing knee and sit back down again and you I heard all down with a 12-pack of food The life of order comes to heaven you do God only smiles upon pouring ashore I love to know why love to know why love to know Hey I love to know why love to know why love to know And you know that awful class of liberal John Kerry speaking of guns Yeah Because an avid hunter and a gun owner But he said he never He never saw anybody hunting deer with an AK-47 good point John he hasn't gotten around I see Swedes have more and more animal sex a bigger pardon Animal sex is not illegal in Sweden and every or between 200 and 300 pets are mentioned because of sexual assaults Yes, I'm interested by the Swedish veterinary organization and it's not trying to make the authorities and the public more aware of the Animule suffering them must be those liberal people people people Epi people The organization claim the problem is increased during the last couple years even if most people are unaware of it We've seen an increase since 1999 when child pornography became illegal said your hand back free It appears in other words as there are some people who have replaced children with animals and both circumstances It's sex with the fendlet defenseless individuals The injuries and took to the animals after sexual assaults are of the same characters those children get Vect priests had the most common injuries are wounds on these sex organs and molisters Listers The fact that animal sex is becoming an increasing knows that on the animal of the uh inflictor On the sister The fact that animal not play in Bobby Brown the fact that animal sex has become an increasing problem can be indicated by the mere fact that there's an increasing selection of animal porn At video rentals and there's an increasing number of websites with animal pornography is a Surfacing ready for that No, don't you remember that movie a bandie come home? No one knows for sure how many animals that are abused but a British study from 2001 in the case that every 20th dog or cat That receives treatment at veterinary is the injuries are not a result of direct accident but the animals been inflicted the injuries Result of a sexual assault Jesus Currently Swedish paper express and if the same as to be used in sweet never indicate two to three hundred dogs and cats every year Our injured is the result of sexual assaults In contrast with most other countries animal sex is not illegal in Sweden It was decolonized in 1944 connection with the decriminalization of homosexual sex Oh great. Thank you so much for lumping that all together nice going Sweet acts. Yeah, all those DB max at the Lord of the Year. Stop a lot. Yeah, good. Yeah, you saw tonight Jesus Christ 560 5060 pound 560 on the ATT look at his lagging response on the phone here now man I thought they would seize this opportunity liking they just don't care. It's okay WQM our last call hello Hey, hey, you know the Okay, sir. All right. I catch you sometimes a person wrote I live up here at 127 But I I have been meaning to call you Last couple of weeks, but haven't been able to get through the days my only three days When you just move is did you ever hear one call Pacific heights? Part of it didn't see it. Oh you gotta see that I recommend it because yeah, my Lord What do I do? I did see that when I saw is that the one where they yeah Tenet from hell right absolutely I did see that's great. It was damn good movie Saw twice as a matter of fact right I remind you come in Lord and I've had a few tunes just like does let me say One of the best thanks a lot pound video Ever see that Pacific heights yes, I did that is fabulous. It was good 192 votes this hour and this second poll now that we put our pro no people back to sleep Which of these statements do you think is most true? None of the above the show is fine anyone everything is just fine. Oh, we're fine. Go Dan WQM needs for well back bad 32 16.6% Think we need for well back at a little spice George is a hard aspect 20 613 and a half percent you're moving up a little bit What's your head about you although Clarence's gay is moving nicely with 15 WQM has a death wish 10 we should have probably put one under the people at work at QM have a death wish We should have put that on there. It's basically the people that have to be in the building Well, I got a sick building there Greg sick building it's sick sick. We don't have a choice. You know WQM has got a death wish 10 Gregory belongs on death row 10 too much bush on the show the wrong kind 10 And I would have thought that the other way around see hello, I guess I guess the people that want here about the bush Passing and all the truth about what's happened in the world. They're already gone anyway, right screw them one is that 18% I beg your pardon when you take those other polls about what about who do vote for? Oh, yeah, but but the other ones are probably rather review and you know Neil is two angry eight Last place only four point one percent think I'm two angry. I'm gonna work on it. Okay. I'm gonna sterke in a lot more angry Get your anger up. Yep. Gonna get my dander up. Oh I'm by the way speaking of dander the movie bond dot org in the spot that they won child's pay Yes, if they wanted to run in these super bowl as a paid commercial that's CBC we've refused to run Wait did you hear CBS say CBC sorry sorry Sorry CBS statement on advocacy advertising today. Wait to hear this. This is such a crocker crap Given the misleading and inaccurate statements offered to the median public in recent days It is understandable by this confusion over the CBS TV now we're strong standing policy against advocacy advertising The policy is decades old. It is designed to prevent those with means to produce and purchase network advertising from having Undo influence on controversial issues of public importance from the never's perspective We believe our viewers are better served by the balance and perspective such issues can be afforded within our news programming This policy applies only to network advertising not that local time of individual stations affiliated with the network As such it is therefore also intended to promote and protect localism Local stations beyond as well as CBS affiliate owned by others are free to accept the reject such advocacy advertising for their own air based on how they believe such this is in Surve the public interest in their communities Conflicts over the policy are also decades old Then over his rejected hundreds of advocacy as somebody is ranging from mobile oil and WR Grace Company submissions to as and all sides of issues from gun control to abortion and to the North American free trade agreement And just a few we found that people tend to agree with a policy when they disagree with the thrust of the advice first Suggestions also have been made that we're violating our own policy by allowing the airing of messages that aim to curb drug abuse and smoking by minors CBS is on and I hear comes the best part CBS is unaware of responsible groups that advocate drug abuse and smoking by minors So it's hard to understand how these lot of efforts would constitute controversial issues. There's absolutely nothing controversial about drugs No, right? Now I advocate smoking drugs by minors. There you go In recent years a college industry is a reason among groups that submit advocacy ads that they know will be rejected They then resort to press releases and internet die drives about the rejection to reconcidable free media attention Financial contributions to support their cause editors and potential contributors be aware The one constant is that CBS's policy is simple clear published and available to anyone who has Go copy the problem and they got they right out the policy Full of crap full of baloney everybody knows that CBS and Viacom they're sucking the bush mice do's legs his kneecaps and a working on it from there And that's what's happened to the media now you have no more choice you have a handful of grave robbers and anybody who dares To challenge them while they're just about your radicals on internet and now the new thing is because they know they have no credibility Just like the color everybody gets something with a PETA PETA people right the PETA PETA Nuttenette on the filling shows they they can't answer anything that you say so they'll throw some extreme all or you believe in those writers You're one of those writers those NASA the PETA people I think the PETA people are made from bokeh Like my okay No That's You?'' I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I think what we got to do on our website, since you're emailing Eric, you have a little window there. Chat box. Stick in your box. That's been unerlonging up. It was very cute. It was sensational. Since we're going to be doing a couple's contest. We're soon again. It can go on the back pages. We can take that thing off. Place the pictures of the winners from last year. The two couples. Amy and Aaron. Right. And the other one. Whoever won the second one. Which thing has a great idea? Yes. A subtle reminder is not so gentle. I knew you got your little brownie cameras on your digital cameras. Whatever you got. And start flashing. I'm going to tell you guys. Thank you too. You know those negatives. I'll look for the naked female. But Josh has to look for the naked guys. He can handle it. He's not worried about his sexual identity. He's just worried about getting away. What do you laugh at? Oh, he hates me now. Why is that? So look for it. Well actually, parents can do it. Well, here's a quick facts from a pecker wood. It says I wanted to chime in on for rally. He was at the Panthers game. Today. Here's one guy that threw his life down the drain. He looked like he didn't shave since he got fired. Drunken by himself. You guys are still talking about for rally. He sucks. And now he's a nobody. It says great job and balls for the beastly. Well, let's drag again. That's Greg in a beastly. He's man. It could screw up. Anyway. Which of these statements do you think is most true? None of the above the show is fine. 95 QML needs for rail back bad 36. George is a half past a heart ass. Spectre 31. Clarence's gay 16. You know that QM has a death wish. 14. Too much bush on the show. The wrong kind. 14. Greg Reed belongs on death row 12. Neal is too angry. 9. And a mad dog who's angry that Mo is after Tom Brady's ass is coming up next. Bye bye. Bye. Yeah. I'm going to show you a new way. My name is Fort La Hale. Our from Boca. Quarter lot of balls.