The And that is a lucky kid, a baby child. Daaah! I'm gonna change the face of sports radio. Cause now, I'm the boys of the kids. And an elephant of moderate radio. Oh boy! Daaah! I don't like to do me it like that. Talk to the same three qualities about sports and sports and sports. I even got lots of homework every his time. He's been told to cook, cook, cook, cook, cook, cook. I'm the cook for him. Daaah! I don't like to cook a lot. Take that milk. Dao! Ka-ka-ka-ka-ka! I'm the star now with my old two-cell and I was a spy. You are watched up. Now you're the bum. You can't hit me no more. Can't hit me no more. I can't hit you! They're on the radio anymore. Oh, oh, hi, ma'am. Hey, look, maybe I was a little little line. The things I said, you like that. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And I'm not gay. You're right now, and in all fairness, that big fat old guy they stuck me with kisses me like they used to do. But he's not you. Daaah! That tells me you make me almost want to come back with you. You're guilty. Yes, but they my life was filled with joy. You killed me. And now I'm stuck with a cobbled woman before you. You're my best sidekick and a foil. I miss how you talk like a foil. You killed the easiest foil you've got. I miss you. You didn't know? I'm not a foil. I changed out of that to my TV. Oh, oh. I ain't going to smack other show that's TV. No, look at this and with your other good time. While you wait, not the unemployed money. I've been a little man called me a woman. I've killed you with a gun. You killed a baby. 10.03 at 5.60. W.J.M. Happy Thursday to integrate the rest because we're off at noon. Why are we excited about that? Look at some nasty thunderstorms in the Cincinnati area. And that doesn't happen to be a dome stadium because I checked that I've already Josh. What is the name of that stadium? Great American ballpark. Nobody cares. Right. I was thinking about this while I was in the shower, showing how old I'm getting. Just about every like Pittsburgh used to have Forbes field. Then it was three River Stadium. Now it's whatever the new one is. Nobody's going there because they still think. Cincinnati used to be a crossley field. Then it was Riverfront Stadium. It was one of those cookie cutter stadiums that they all look like. And now they got this piece of crap. The Great American fraud. Every few years. Oh, we got to have it all parked. That's going to do it. Does it do it? No, but it fleets a lot of money on the public coffers. Bad news to get started. We'll get out of the way because the people the propaganda machine is not you to hear this. Three more US Marines killed an action today. West of the or yesterday. West of the Iraqi capital. East military said a statement from the command said the death occurred in the Anbar province while conducting security instability operations. No further details were released to the security of the statement added. So that number has got to be right around 800 now. Doesn't it? Right around there. Right around there. Give or take. But who's counting? And about none of the people. I just wonder what the number has to be. To get to people just filming it the mouth and any right our pull yesterday. We had a number on there that was bogus and of course when it's bogus. See I have an automatic buzzer alert on my computer here. But when a whole bunch of bogus of votes come in because Mr. Ego and I was not appropriate that somebody would call Mr. Ego and all these people put now pumping in those phony votes. And even from like 18 votes to 150. Faster than you can say. Yeah. Faster than Jeldi can let on others. So we consulted with the judges and they said you know and this is only the second or third time. And all the polls we ever taken. I mean we've had a lot of people did them with our polls. So to speak. But we've never had to remove. But just before the show just like. His name and those votes pop right off the pole. Now I'm sure that some of his sick of fans will be calling it. Oh Steve Neil took your name and so Jelis. Yeah. I'm so jealous that I can't buy my way into a radio station that nobody ever heard of before with about 40 old talkers listening but nevertheless. Two bad Steve because he had really about to 18 votes and probably would have wound up with. I would say legitimate votes. He's off the pole. What morning radio showed you listen to most before 10 a.m. It was our poll question. Jel Rose 399. In fact now is it 402 that I take a peek of running a monitor there. 402 that incredible or what? We'll take it. Huh? That's good. What do you mean we'll take it? He'll take it. He'll take it. It's a lot more than our from Boca. I'll tell you that. We'll get to him. He's down a list. None. 395. We got almost 400 people listening to the show. Don't listen to the radio before 10 a.m. Wow. We should get some head of a gold star and purple jelly bean for that. NPR 3606. You see we do have people out there who give a flying crap about what's going on in the world. Which I think is something. We got to just have a bunch of mouth breathing idiots. Those are the callers. The intellectuals out there they're busy listening. They have a life. They don't have time to be calling. The people call. I have no life. Most of them. Look at this. We had quite a battle going on there. Bob and Tom 139 and Paul and old Ron 133. Now the interesting thing about that is they probably would say, well that's pretty close. Yes, pretty close. Except for the fact that Bob and Tom aren't even on and Dave and Broward County. That's that's the amazing part. If you live in Palm Beach County or maybe in North Broward, you can hear it. What is that station there on the Gator? Right. There must be greater. And they probably threw it like to throw a rotten tomato at Paul and old Ron. But anyway, they beat him out, which is astonishing. Of course, if Chief Channel would have had any brains, they would have probably Schmidt can Paul and Ron and put Bob in the Tom on air. I'm big 106 had a number. But anyway, more Howard David only 61. That's a disgrace. Absolutely. That is weak. I mean, you go from 133 to 61. Francisco Arruca had 43. That's pretty good. You know, it forgot that most people were speaking English never heard of before. He does speaking English. He's on Waxy 790. Glenn Beck. Rams with Todd Dreck had 42. Nothing one of those. Teap channel cookie cutter right wing Rush one of these. Oh, and speaking of Rush, I got some shocking news about Iro America. Maybe we were all wrong. You know what? Maybe we got sucked in by the propaganda machine. It's possible. I got an amazing story in a minute. But anyway, Glenn Beck 42, Lex and Terry 35. If you want some rednecky advice, just call up Lex and Terry. And they'll make you sound just like Mary. Tom Joyner had Bob Birdman. He's the hardest work a man in Chobes, man. Tom Joyner. He's the fly-jock. Isn't that his thing? He's the hardest work a man in Chobes. Yeah, he's the fly-jock. He flies. Unlike some who float. Anyway, WRFF stands Sillyall who's syndicated out of Orlando, Piped in on Fox's sports, such as it is 24. The coast 22. Even with Johnny Dark, not working there in the course. Did we leave that off of there? The two, what is it? Two young Jews, two live whoever they are. Two sisters, whatever we call it. Something. Why 100? That's 40. Who's a real, a real, a real, a 20, a 19. Only 19 for 40. What? That's not our crowd. Call Foster had 16. You've got to be kidding us. I think that may have been close to deserving of a, Oh, those. That's pretty suspect. When you think, poop? He's exactly. But Foster. WRMF15. WBZT Dr. Joyground in Palm Beach had 13. WMIV. That's the vacabois had five. Rick Party. Had five. I can't resist. And remember your favorite. Good friend. Don. Card. Yeah. I still can't believe he's dead. I know. I mean, I know he was like, you know, didn't take care of himself. So to speak. That's an image. Yeah. And had some problems. But he was just one of those people. You thought would always be around, you know? Sure. Especially always around our building. But anyway, he's a dead. Rick Party five. WEDR4. WCMQ FAMA4. No Spigating Glace IE. LB silk on Power 964. George made a good point. If we'd have put Power 96 there, he might have had five instead of four. But hey, it's not our crowd. Now, that's not our crowd. You know, speaking in Lase Punks. That's not our crowd. They're not going to listen to some old-footied, that he talked to on AM radio. That'll be the day when they do that. Talking about politics and dead soldiers and all of this stuff. They don't want here about that. All they might be interested in some. I'm naked pictures. Now, we don't actually have. We give you a bonus. WBZT today. We don't actually have naked pictures today. It's close to naked. There's what's as you. Huh? There. What? What? It is? Jesus got Almighty for crying out loud. Oh, really? Some kind of a dot-wing old fool, which probably is appropriate. Anyway, we got tattoo. See? And he's looking up and going, is it clean? No, it's not that tattoo. It's assembled by former TV commercial producer Ivan Shepovala. Shepovala. Shepovala. That's his name. Shepovala. After auditioning hundreds of candidates at Moscow's most film studios, tattooed. That's with O.A.K.A. Teddy. What? Here, if I say that. Yeah. Comprised Julia Olegovna Volkovva. Okay. 4.1985, so that makes her 19. And Elena Sargivna. Oh, I'm sorry. That's only her middle name, Katina. All right. A.K.A. Lena Katina. They don't come no mean to the Lena Katina. 4.1984, which makes her about about 20. And after an internationally fashionable award, the teen pop duo delivered captivating melodies and controversial lyrics and set up to Universal Music Russia, May 16, 2001, they debut single, I've lost my mind. Based on the story about a lesbian affair between two young girls became the first smash in international exposure to MTV. Top 5 on the most requested to the ocean chart after issuing a second single called Abugar Reb. Called They Won't Catch Us. They're album 200 kilometers an hour in the wrong lane was released. How do you like that? So there you go, little from the all music guide, a little thumbnail sketch of tattoo. So there they are with their wet t-shirts and maybe a little nipple action there. That's the best we can do for you today. Sorry. Now, here's the story of the century. And again, we don't really know if this is true or not because it comes from a very suspect web. I don't want to say suspect. I've looked at this thing before and I have no idea how I found this. I must be from the Dredge Retort with the T with two T's. Daily chaos is the website. Arrow America pulls huge ratings in New York City at Portland and more. Inside radio a prominent, oh it's I might not, I should have done that. Should have gone inside radio while I will during the break. Inside radio a prominent industry newsletter confirms what Frank can set on Monday's show. Al Franken as a New York numbers to curl about a did curl about beating Rush with 25 to 54 which of course is that I'm a we all covet badly. As Arrow America flagship WLIB didn't extrapolate a 3.4 for the month of April compared to W ABC Rush's 3.1 and mid days. Oh man, Rush is going to be popular like crazy when he hears that. It says caution extrapolations are far from official. That's okay. We'll take it. Frank can also set Arrow America's the number one provider of streamed audio online with 6.5 million distinct listeners and additionally reported that KPOJ Portland's in-house research, showed Arrow America increased their cumulative audience by nearly five times. Are you like that? So in other words, from 10 to 50. No, that's good. I also have it on go to third east, right? Michael D on this marginal website that even though Arrow America was only on their couple of WswNTD Chicago had the best spring phase one ratings that it had in the last 12 months, though that was a pretty low bar. Spring phase one means the average ratings February March and April combined. Oh, yoddy, yoddy, yoddy, yoddy. In other words, the month of April boost them up. Plus on the majority report, Sam Sader. Don't pass him over. I mentioned that they had increased their list of ship by 170% moving WLIV from number 20 to number 10 for their day part. How do you like that? All this means even if paper was just some peak of interest, Luke and AAR were to fold them, or are which was very unlikely now. It says, no, it's because they're ratings. There's a huge proven audience for liberal talk that station managers are going to notice. Michael D says, my larger hope for Arrow America has always been that it would prove that there's an audience for liberal talk and that it would help other liberal hosts get more syndication deals. We'll help other liberal hosts get more syndication deals. I just mentioned that. We're not looking for that. But I just mentioned that in passing just in case. Oh. Join the QMQDs96 to wait for the Navy Quarter Deck at 3155 South University Drows. Stop our specials on Corona. That's one Corona. When prizes some really crap and it's your last chance to win a trip for two to can Koon. That's a six tonight at the Navy Quarterback. I'm Bravo. Tonight I'm Bravo. Catch the news. Celebrity card game from the producers of some Liberty Poker Showdown. Seekering Arnold Schwarzenegger. Tony Siprano. Darth Vader and Spons Bob Squarepants. Don't miss. Celebrity 52 pick-up. I'm ready. And it's my deal. Well, pick-up. Ah, as governor, I appoint people to pick-up cards for me. Hey, I don't think I'm nothing. Capace. Let the sponge retreat the cards. Hey, I'm the dealer. You pick-up the cards. Hey, Mr. Sisyvee, why don't you use the first to pick them up, eh? The dark side of the force must only be used to conquer fast galaxies or retreat at Blackjack. And I can't pick up the cards unless the stay legislator votes yes. Well, maybe my council member was of Retage of mine, eh? It's gonna be. Perhaps my lights will change yours. I'm issuing executive orders requiring both of you to pick up the cards. Executive orders? Yeah, I keep them in my fists. Oh, I'm not gonna get to the board. I'll hang up. Don't miss. Celebrity 52 pick-up. Because we're betting the party won't get picked up next fall. Ten-ight-tain, it's maybe a piece of crap, huh? Just like a lot of other shows that Ron Wichens fired the poll that they actually What really inspired me was last night that American Idol crap. Did you watch it? Are you kidding me? Oh. Did Josh watch it? Yeah. Oh. Scared to hell out of me there. Anyway, here's the poll question. What big hit TV show are the past five years you think with the biggest piece of Schmidt? We start out with five that I put on there. I'm sure I left out dozens. American Idol's already got 13 votes survivor 11 and we didn't do survivor this survivor. That's just general. Okay, because it's all the same crap. Ricky Lake 11, millionaire six, and Jerry Spinger four out of the first 45 votes that they just Describe with the poll. No, no past five years you're not meeting created in the past five years. No, that have been on in the last five years. They might have been on for ten years, but if they've been on in the air, and they're still on the last five years, or maybe they were on an off-wood and let's see what I'm saying. Right. Just don't start nitpicking, okay? I think even they might understand the question all the way down. Yeah, right. Well, I'm just hoping. Anyway, speaking of hoping, just when you least expected Algor Gropere. How do you like that? It's the miracle. How dare the drags of good things of the United States of America through the mud of Saddam Hussein's altar creases. Gorko the president incompetent and said the war in Iraq has made America less safe. Donald Rumsfeld ought to resign immediately as a chief architect of this plan. Paul Wilker-Witz, Douglas V, the intelligence chief Stephen Tambo, all ought to resign immediately. Our nation is at risk every single day, Rumsfeld remains as Secretary of the Council. Wow. Wow. If he could have just pushed up like that three years ago, we wouldn't have to be in this mess we were in right now. Let's go back to build a time machine. I mean, how is it that somebody who was as boring as Tapioca putting? I mean, as a lock box. Cardboard box. What? Lock box. Yeah. And as a lock box. As a cigar store Indian, and now all of a sudden he's got fire in Brimstone man. He got to spirit. Maybe a little teeny tiny if it can rub off on old scary John Kerry. Although we got some good poll numbers for Kerry coming up in a minute. We'll get to it. T-Z. W-A-M-Hello. Hey Neil, what's up? Yes sir. I just actually just call him to ask you if you had seen or heard anything about the Al Gore speech. I have never. Did my life ever come back? I've got a clock. I've shocked. I want to go over him today. But where was that four years ago? Right exactly. This guy. I mean, I just stood up and my eyes were watching him on C-Span. I was mesmerized. Right. I wanted to throw confetti. I wanted to buy him a best bottle of champagne and him in that bitch that he's married to. It was amazing. Everything I think they keep on. I think they kidnap that to be a lot of Gore before the election. And now this is a real one guy. He busted out. Well, is it possible that he feels that that's what we've not won out for pressure on him and he can say anything he wanted. Well, I think that's part of it. I also think that he realizes that Kary is so damn wooden and so blas-say that somebody in a democratic party's got to open up a mouth and go nuts. I agree. I just got couldn't have believed it. I mean, Dean already shot his whole deal. So not much left there, you know. There be no way to deal with it. But you were saying months ago about Dean, like nobody's going to vote for this kind of blast. I still agree with that. And I think that he'd have absolutely no chance against. Boyly? Yeah. Because they would the way that they're tearing. No, I'm not sure sure that because right now with all the stuff it's going on you see this business of well, Kary's just sitting back and letting bush up this drug. I don't buy that. It's like it's like an unboxing mix. When you got your opponent on the ropes, that's the time you come in for the killing. Just go on the attack on the offensive. You know, he's kind of like sitting back. And when he ought to be talking about all these things that are rack and the things people are whipped up about, he's talking about issues that are important, like, you know, the gasoline price and about healthcare. That's fine. But now's not the time to be talking about that. He ought to be kicking ass. It's true. But for them to be attacking, Kary, the way that they are, I could only imagine what they would be doing. If Howard Dean was saying. Yeah, they probably keep showing pictures of his wife and all the ads. That would probably do it enough. Okay. Good luck to us, pal. How dare the. Yeah. Good again. Now in the state of America, through the mud of Saddam Hussein, torture, prison. Abu Dahl, who called the president incompetent, he said the war in Iraq has made America less than the Red Donald Rumsfeld, Otto Rezion, Amir, as the chief architect, as a man. Paul Walker, the Justice Chief, the intelligence chief, by Stephen Tambone, all ought to be a good time. I'm media. Our nation is at risk every single day, Rumsfeld remains as Secretary of the House. Now, can you imagine Kary making that same speech in the same way? Yeah. I mean, I realize that I want to pick on a guy because I will vote from 40 or 50 times. But I just somehow, I don't know, maybe I'm wrong. Maybe he'll just surprise the crap out of us because the one thing about Kary, they always say is he's a strong closer, you know, just like a ball, a ball club needs a good closer. And he always comes on strong at the end. Look what he did in the primary, is everybody like this counted him entirely. And all of a sudden, from back in the pack, there he came. Like, Dracula, like Frankenstein. But anyway, former Vice President Al Gore called for the resignation of Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld, CI director George Tenet, and National Security Advisor Condoleezza Rice in a fiery denunciation of the Bush administration yesterday. In a speech at New York University, he argued that officials including several Rumsfeld's top-servant independence should step down because of the situation Iraq is out of control. Donald Rumsfeld ought to resign immediately, he bellowed our nation of this every single day Rumsfeld remains a secret to the defense. We need someone with good judgment in common sense. Vice ought to resign immediately. She has badly mishandly coordination of national security policy. This is a disaster for our country, he said. Absolutely correct. He says President Bush has exposed Americans abroad and Americans in every town in city way to a greater danger of attacks by terrorists because of his arrogance, wolfiness, and bungling at stirring up, here's a quote from George, stirring up Hornets nest that posed no threat whatever it was. See, they're not at the truth. That is absolutely correct. And says he don't have to justify voting for the war resolution because he was Vice President you know before, and he wasn't innocent. So when a Bushmeister came in there and the start of all his crap, he didn't have a vote. So there you are. I just mentioned these things in passing. Oh, by the way, also, and I'll just mention it in passing because this station in Muffie too happy about it. Much too hockey intensive with all this juxtap and jac martin and Mike Keenan all the, yeah, yeah, much too, but I just have a real short thing because the Canadian papers, and I guess much of the world, the free world, is just ripping the crap out of South Florida and Alonco and the whole organization. And rightfully so, but anyway, really, the local coverage was just glowing on the team. And it was really, oh yeah. Well, interviews. I think that's a speech. Sounds like propaganda to me. 26 after 10 at 5 60 WCM, Marlins and the Reds from Cincinnati from what is that stadium? Who cares? Exactly. Who cares park? Is coming up with a pre-game at noon game time 1235. Marlins won 3 nothing last night. Fully seemed to win every day now though they can shake them off their back. Kind of like Muffie did the same problem at the doctors. Hey, spring of the savings right now and saved like never before in a new car truck from Armstrong, Toyota of Homestead. They're on US-1 just 20 minutes out of the A36 and they're worth a drive to make it where you are. Might be a few extra minutes before they're going to save you a lot of money. Thousands on great new Toyota's. Check out the great leestials waiting for you as I speak this moment. An old-for-camera year 4.1 or just 269 am on for 48 months. How about an old-for-highlander just 309 am. If you're looking for a truck, how about an old-for Toyota tendrets been rated the same as truck in USA. You pay just 179 am on for 48 months. And these are just some of the great savings waiting for you right now at Armstrong Toyota of Homestead. General manager David Richen is staffed just about anything out of the sun to get you with a great new Toyota today. That's how anxious they are to make you a great deal and they'll do it. And their service department is even open late to late week. That's to make sure they get all your work done for you. Easy to find in their right at the corner of US-1 and 293rd Street in Homestead. It's only 20 minutes drive south of the A36 and right now they're making you an offer. You have to be crazy to refuse. Armstrong Toyota Homestead offers you three tires, free batteries and replacement parts for life for the life of your vehicle. That's right. Tires, batteries and pre-parts for life. Nobody else know where. Be doing that. So in almost two time at those big mega dealers who have the big screaming car spots, yell and carry on and jump up and down and then let's it on all the time. For a deal that's unbeatable called David Rich the GM at Armstrong Toyota of Homestead right now at 305-24232-47. 3.05-24232-47. Travel little and save a ton on that great new Toyota at Armstrong Toyota of Homestead. My life and local. This is sports radio by Steve. You way away, yeah. I tell you nothing. Haven't you, are way. I hate to resort to torture but you leave me no alternative. Hold him down and put a phone up to his ear. No, no anything but that piece. This you have reached great Satan HMO to be put on hold until you lose your mind and slam the phone down. Press one. To be transferred to someone who will tell you your prescription is not covered. Press two. This is a tool to talk to someone who will automatically deny your claim. Press three. You are violated to the state directly with a great Satan HMO representative. Who will make you repeat everything twice and then accidentally hang up on you. Press one. I will go. Right. 1032-560-WDQM. I'm certainly the national post-paper here. Just and the other papers as well. Ripping the Panther organization in Alan Cohen a major. Correct. And rightfully so. I mean, and I also noticed even down there some of the columns. Greg Coatex who knows nothing about hockey. He just like Mow. How come Mow knows nothing about hockey? He hates it like poison. And I will be so needs talking about my keen and listen. What does he know about it? And by the way, it's Jay Bowman's. They're not Bowmeaster, okay? Only Gellys is like that so it can squeal or like stone. Okay. Bowman's. Do you idiot? Mr. Get it right. That's a good. Anyway, so this is a particular article talks about keen and actor when in the Stanley Cup in New York, the Rangers, the first time in 185 years. How they had a sue him and how he destroyed St. Louis. Tried to cougio away for Shane Corson. Destroyed Ben Couver in two years. And about everywhere he's gone is left the trail of crap behind him. Nevertheless, just the last couple of paragraphs I found most interesting it says, the Panthers lead the league in freebie tickets. And even with that they play their home games in front of a sea of green seats at the office depot center. They once made it to the Stanley Cup in 1996 but have since become perhaps the National Hockey League's most dysfunctional organization and a prime example for those who say the NHL expanded too fast and frivolously in the 90s. Then the Panthers chose to interrupt their in-state rival Shiny moment this week with this sexy double higher coming at the precise moment the lightning had grabbed whatever hockey spotlight for what I had to offer and my keen and gets another kick of the cat. I didn't want to leave the game the way I left keen and set on his big day and says, don't expect his Panthers to change now. He ain't going to change his spots, Panther, Leopard, whatever it is. Okay. So it's just more of the same machinations in Alan Cohen's spinning his wheels and reaching out in all directions. You know, maybe spend some money on some real players might do it. Keeping somebody on players in the organization. That might do it. Because I got news for you. This ain't the Ottawa Senators. That's right now. Anyway, that's that's an apockey talk because Muck is really upset about it. What big TV hit show at the past five years do you think with the biggest piece of Schmidt that's our pull course we need a lot more names on there. Lot more shows. WQA and hello. Well, I'm weird. Oh, go on. Yeah, let's have a refoe. What do you say? Oh, right. Go back to count. Can you just imagine if they said, well, you know, because there was so much confusion in the Supreme Court that we found out that it was all fixed behind the scenes with the Clarence token Thomas and Antony Scalia and all this crap. We're just kind of a revote like this weekend. We give it a whole weekend off. Wow. You'd see people who aren't even born yet running out to vote. WQA and hello. I got another show for the pull. Yes, sir, please. Let's put on Joe millionaire. Joe millionaire sucks. Okay. Thank you. Got it. Okay. And we need I would say at least the. God, good man. They represented the blizzard. Now, Cheryl, who's a good listener. She said, how about I'm proud to stand ever watching any of these now. You know, we, we're not going to put that on there because Cheryl with all due respect. Everybody has watched at least a couple of minutes at least some of these on here, right? Don't lie. Yeah, right. I mean, you know, don't don't be put by us up in here. A little snooty like that. Like you never watched Ricky Lake for a few minutes or Jerry Springer for a few minutes just for comic relief and watching them throw the chairs in each other and watching them with that hook. And I see the best part about that shows is no, those shows is knowing that there are people who believe it. That's the best and the scariest part of the series. Like the first. Like the first. The crap out of me. Just like a wrestling. Right. It is. It's the same. Literally and rude. Right. Oh, that's for real man. That's for real. That pissed off. She would sleep with his boyfriend and his boyfriend would sleep with his brother and all the other crap. And they believe that garbage. WQA and hello. Yeah, hello. I sure. Good. I have another show to play with. Another show to put on there. Okay. The simple life. Okay. The simple life sounds simple to me. Okay. Thank you. Probably for simple people. I'm going to even know what that is. That's the one with Paris Hilton there in Nicole Richie. Oh, oh my god. Oh, Charlie and Molly. Thank God. I missed that. You're right, Cheryl. I'm proud to say I never saw that. As a two-sand senator, John, you see. I got to interspersor a lot of stuff because we only have two hours and boy, we're pretty pissed off about that. We are just fooling at them off. We're so upset that at Marlon organization. What a pregame show starting a noon. Although if they want to do it every day. Ha ha ha. Man, we give you the most solid two hours you ever hurt in your life. I still say, my three hours is plenty. Yeah. It was seriously. I would be willing to extend my contract if they would cut me down like from 10 to 1. And then put mad dog on one to four, hang four to seven. I'll do three hours and joke into his two and whatever. You know, maybe joke into three. But that's, uh, that's, uh, I would be when we were standing like another week or two. Or maybe another show or two. I think three hours is plenty. Don't you impact two and a half was just. And then we do this once before a couple of weeks ago. We're just a two hour show. I'm Tony. I walked out of this room and out into the fresh air and it's a beautiful day here by the way, Paul cash to know, but sunny and it's going to be like 2170. Uh, with a smile on my face, I was just in heaven. I thought, man, I just, we just had a great time and it went by like lightning, like grease lightning. Sure. And what's on the light now? But I mean, four hours like trying to squeeze too much blood out of a damn turn up. Massachusetts Senator John Kerry, who ain't no out, go or I'll tell you that. Holds an eight point lead over George W. Bush among registered voters in the very brand new just released CBS news pull, 49 to 41 percent. But one of the names, clearly, bandied about is running made for him is that mobile bandied about is Republican Senator John McCain. And if he's on the ticket, it gives him even bigger age when added to the ticket should be no surprise. So in other words, if it's just Kerry against Bush 49 to 41, which is, I guess, neither gets some of the rest. I don't know what doesn't say. They don't even include neither on here, which is fine. Uh, let's see. If it's Kerry McCain against Bush, chain, though, they, if Kerry gets 53 and Bush 39, so that opens it up to a 14 point age. How do you like that? And wait till you hear this, this is pretty interesting. Among those voters who have an opinion on Earl John McCain opinions of the Senator are overwhelmingly favorable, 46 percent say they have a favorable U of McCain while only 9 percent unfavorable independence, all the most favorable. Meanwhile Republican voters are more likely than Democrats to be the Senator in a negative light. 16 percent of Republicans do compared to just 4 percent of Democrats, 8 percent of independence. How do you like that? So even though he's against abortion, he's in a, he's opposed to gay marriage, all of the hot button issues that the right wingers are well whipped up into a frenzy of all those social issues. They still hate him because they realized that he's got a big mouth and he won't dummy up. He just won't go step. I guess when you've been a POW and had all the experience that he said, he just don't go step really easy. He does the two step instead of a go step. And that's the wrong dance, especially when you're at. Yeah, you know, and if Carrie and let's see. Carrie and Edwards see they made a mistake or the way they got to the CBS you made a mistake, but I understand what you're saying. Carrie and Edwards against Bush and Cheney it's a 10 percent, please 50 to 40. Got it. I got it. There you go. So that's the very latest CBS poll. There was a Zoday poll. They talked about an MSNBC last night. If anybody out there's got it, please, facet to us 305 65.0198 because I can't find it anywhere. And that's sure that if the election were right now, Carrie would win an electoral college landslide with 303 some electoral votes. How do you like that? A lot. So let's hold it right now. And let's pretend that Al Gore is going to dress up. We're going to put some monster makeup on. How dare they? Yeah. I'm the good name of the United States of America through the mud of Saddam Hussein. Oh, it's her. I think I read. Yeah. I'm going out. Great. That guy was right. And I'm right. And you're right. We're right. Where was this guy back three and a half years ago? Mike. Then he would have just kicked ass coming in on the heels of eight years of Clinton prosperity. All those blue dresses with a stains on everybody had a big smile in their face. All that pornography and the star report, what's not to like, huh? But no, he conducted himself like I said like a zombie. What is a lot box? And he invented the internet. Not bot bot bot. And tippers running around the censoring records and censoring every, you know, anything she can get her hands off. Don't forget his walking mate. Yeah. I thought it was kind of a stalemate myself. Anyway, speaking of that. He was almost as good as what was his name. The guy at who am I. Ross Peros running mate. It had an adult. Admiral Halsey or whatever's name. Stockdale. I know who it was. I'm just trying to make a little like you see there and right away, stockdale. Stockdale. Stockdale. You can just like killed it. Yeah, you just like killed it. You can a little bit. Curried away now. Just come down. 10 41 at five 60 WQ. If you've got a musk read on your head. Well, listen, people are laughing their ass off. Actually, they're running around just peeing their pants. Taking a look at your head. Well, listen, more than 35 years. Chuck Alpier has been doing it for guys both rich and infamous and in between. Because he's got the best system going anywhere that natural airline system. Charlie's appeared on Good Morning America. The today show CBS Morning News. He's got that patented natural airline system that offers you the most amazing natural airline you'll find anywhere. And that's the key. The hairline. If it looks like a dead animals crawling around on your head, that don't look to good. If it looks like it's bi-colored, try-cubbed. If it's like a comedian piece, like Aaron Brown's got on certainly not news network. Then it ain't too good either. But Charlie's news skin-like hair system is so great. Look at it's on a present and it's undetectable. In other words, it looks like real hair like the real thing. And Charlie gives you this unbeatable guarantee. You try a system for 30 days. Not 30 days. Not 30 days. After a month if you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells. If you're not getting pot-at-and-clotted, even by people you don't want to be pot-and-clotted, then return it for a full refund. No questions asked. And keep in mind Charlie also services and repairs existing here. Systems including shampoo and trim. So don't delay. Call Charlie laying it yourself looking great. Call tool-free. 1-800-3-2-1-24-13. It's better than a mossy-looking piece. I guarantee that. Absolutely. Call 1-800-3-2-1-24-13 or log on to www.trialzelphieri.com. And look all this is 4-20-5-60. And wait a minute. Yeah. I'm going to be a little bit more than a little bit more. I'm going to be a little bit more. I'm going to be a little bit more. I'm going to be a little bit more. I'm going to be a little bit more. I'm going to be a little bit more. I'm going to be a little bit more. I'm going to be a little bit more. I'm going to be a little bit more. I'm going to be a little bit more. I'm going to be a little bit more. I'm going to be a little bit more. I'm going to be a little bit more. I'm going to be a little bit more. I'm going to be a little bit more. I'm going to be a little bit more. I'm going to be a little bit more. I'm going to be a little bit more. I'm going to be a little bit more. I'm going to be a little bit more. I'm going to be a little bit more. I'm going to be a little bit more. I'm going to be a little bit more. I'm going to be a little bit more. I'm going to be a little bit more. I'm going to be a little bit more. I'm going to be a little bit more. I'm going to be a little bit more. I'm going to be a little bit more. I'm going to be a little bit more. I'm going to be a little bit more. I'm going to be a little bit more. I'm going to be a little bit more. I'm going to be a little bit more. I'm going to be a little bit more. I'm going to be a little bit more. I'm going to be a little bit more. I'm going to be a little bit more. I'm going to be a little bit more. I'm going to be a little bit more. I'm going to be a little bit more. I'm going to be a little bit more. I'm going to be a little bit more. I'm going to be a little bit more. I'm going to be a little bit more. Put the Dragon cube on the floor to protect the Dragon cubes and adjust the distance to each step by step. I'm going to be a little bit more unharmed. I'm going to be an unharmedborn child. Thank you. Uh oh, I got a bad hand. I'm going to be ok or we'll show you the first example. Do you guys try to play around that lot? It's done. 1048-12 before 11 we got the Marlin game from Golden Shower's Park in Cincinnati, Weather Permitting. And I'm looking, I'm watching this radar very carefully. There's all kinds of rain all around, you know, and there was some heavy rain went through through this morning. But they'll play because come hell or how water we're out of here at noon, right? Yeah, watch us. Why? Yeah, yeah. Don't be trying to call me a 12-O-O-O-O-O too because we're going. Friends, somebody says for the poll, but I think it's a good choice. Much to do about nothing. And what about Fraser? Do we want to put that on there as well? If you weren't, with all the poll to use tomorrow, friend Ron Fraser, let's put Fraser on there and Stuttering Gills says, meet my parents. No thanks, Gill. What the was that meet my parents? It's the show. I know that. It's a... Yeah, of course it was a pad. Stuttering Gills also says, can you give a shout out to David and arrange to aqua plants who's also a lawyer listener? Can't do it, Gill, I'm sorry. Let's see, here's the fact that says I couldn't get you there that a regarding lecture in theory I lived in Gainesville's for school. And unfortunately they would be only morning show on the only station for people on a day of a hundred danyahu. They are completely derivative, totally predictable and a shadow of Ron and Ron which in itself was the shadow of a skeleton dead for a thousand years. Luxem Terry R. and Jacksonville let's exactly where they belong, it's their level. They're strictly small potatoes. How do you like that? Just like Hammond Roth would say, small potatoes. Now what do they call us small potatoes again? Oh, we don't have time to get into that. I know. We will. How many times do we have that discussion? Oh, man. All farmers keeps kicking it. We just can't remember what they call in small potatoes. Now I think in some parts of the country they call them. See them. Potatoes. I could be wrong, but I think that's what they're little teeny tiny one. So far American idols got 61. What big hit TV show at the past five years, I think, was the biggest piece of crap. We said Schmidt on there. 198 votes American Idol 61, Survivor 40, Ricky Lake 33, Jerry Springwich 29, millionaire 17, the simple life 11, Joe millionaire 7 and these other ones are going on there. I'm sure right now as I speak, Arthur. Yes. Don't forget the game from Golden Arm pit park in Cincinnati. Your Marlins and the Reds, for what I think with a Panther organization that really is something. I just rated that one little brook because they're much better feel too bad. They're just raking over the coals and rightfully so the way that Alan Cohen is just decimated. The remains here. We already bought a dead franchise and now he's just making it even better. Said to make it better, he's making it better. But he's got the old jock strap guy coming from Ottawa. He got booted out. Go to the QA and roll. Go to the Google. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. What's going on then? How you doing? Pretty good. No disrespect with your whammy show is pretty rough. Yeah. That was on the last five years. That was a hot show. That was a hot show. No, Ron. Guess what? Sorry. What big hit TV show at the past five years? See, there's just another guy I want to take a bat bat. You know. Hello, about your big fat raccoon and have a great day. WDQA and hello. Not there. WDQA and hello. Neil. Yes, sir. I'm fired up this morning. You got a few minutes. You got a few minutes? Yeah, I got a full play. No, don't have a few minutes. What do you got? Well, I've got a bunch of... What do you mean by you can stomach? They hand it in calm show. I mean, is that Sean Handy? Is this guy a Leo? Yes. I mean, I never see anybody. I don't remember like some of that. Well, I guess so. But I want anybody just to get an idea of... We're all pets that he never stole a freight train. He said the show is a gas and get out here already. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, on the AT&T. And Verizon, these people that want us to be virtual like bulb radio, trust me one until you. Ake gonna happen. I don't care if Eriamerica gets a 90 share more power to him. Okay, especially our friend, the goddess. And all that BS we had about oh, she's retiring already. She's resigning and she's... Right. I'm telling you, man, the simple things who gather and meander on the internet, there are no words to describe it. If you're one of those people that never has looked at a chat room, if you've never... It looked at any of that garbage that goes back and forth between these overgrown children, do yourself a great favor and don't. Okay, don't. You'll have a lot. You're much happier life if you never look at that crap. It'll be for you. It will be for you. It will be for you. It will be for you. Who are these people who are just screaming at each other back and forth and just... Back and forth all day long in the chat room. Who are those of your neighbors? Those are the losers of society, man. Those are the drugs. Those are the Todd drugs of the human race. Anyway, come to QAM, hello. QAM? Yes, can I help you Neo? You're speaking to him. Hi, Neo. How are you? How are you this morning? Good. I just have two shows that I think to be on your list. One is the back there and the back there. Right. Those two, if you could, I'll see you next. We can. And also is Al Gore. I would have acted like this four years ago. I would have been for him ten times. Me too, I'd have voted a hundred times. My God. Thanks, we don't have to. Hey, you do. Have a great day. Anybody didn't hear Al Gore yesterday? How dare they? Yeah. Drag the good name of the United States of America. Who's a man of Saddam Hussein? Culture, culture. You're called the President in confident and said the war in Iraq has made America less safe. Donald Rumsfeld, Autor Rizan, immediately. As they're a big fan of their plans. All our hope for it. Douglas Fee, the intelligence thief Stephen Tambo, all Autor Rizan, a media. The organization is at risk every single day. Grumpsfeld remains as Secretary of the票. Coach, the show you've made. Some of them drugs will do wonders, you know. Yeah, which one? He must have done over that barber shop. Anyway, speaking to people who sound like they're on drugs. Abu Ghara, rape. This is on our website and I just absolutely got to read it. Nat Devon's in the nation, the daily outrage column. Abu Ghara, who got question mark is that? Is that Eli? Abu Ghara, Abu Ghara, Abu Ghara, Abu Ghara, who? He says it's hard to improve upon the opening to this dry, tiny rotors report. To rehearsals for his prime time speech were not enough to keep US prison towards WB from Mangly Manim of the Abu Ghara prison that brought shame to the US mission in Iraq. During a half hour televised address, Bush misponounced Abu Ghara, each of the three times he mentioned it. English speakers usually pronounce it as Abu Ghara. But the Republican president stumbled on the first track, calling it Abu Ghara rape. The second version came out, Abu Ghara owned. Oh, maybe he was talking about somebody we know. Abu Ghara owned Fikki Carlos. And third attempt sounded like Abu Ghara. Abu Ghara, Abu Ghara, Abu Ghara rape. Why in house aid to describe the speeches and imported rest on the future of Iraq said, Bush practiced twice on Monday before boarding his helicopter first trip to the speaking venue. If you want to see it for yourself, go to the Lighthouse webpage, which it's got a link on it here on this articles on our website. For the president's speech, you click on the video off, in start listening 20 minutes into the speech just at the 2-3rds mark, and all the various mangled iterations of Abu Ghara come in quick succession. Writers get it basically right. But they don't communicate the look of angst that grips the president's face at his first effort, which actually comes out Abu Ghara. Pause, president Bob said, an internal struggle to shake free third syllable. A truly anxious moment will one feels a stab a sympathy for the man, and wonders if he'll be able to pull it off. Rape. Finally, Blurzah. Heavy sigh relief. He did it. Hooray. George W. Low-byte expectations for surprises, and please just once again, and to think he only had a kind of, the thing he only had to practice twice before he ate. Abu Ghara, Abu Ghara, Abu Ghara, Abu Ghara, Abu Ghara, Abu Ghara, Abu Ghara, Abu Ghara, rape. All right. Dr. Nekha, grow man cry, you know what? Pretty sad. This is the leader of the free world keep in mind. Always be drawing. Speak in a crime, be easily broadcast group honors its own. This is a big story in radio ink. Be easily broadcast group selected Deborah Peck-Razelli is the 2004 Business Manage of the Year. Is that their very own Deborah? Yes, you go girl. You go Deborah and I suppose we'd art make sure my check-ins are on time from now. I can't quit dittling around with that clearance. I understand clearance was also adjusting that package down in the accounting. As well, I'm hearing. The one that had my check in it. 1056 at 560 WQAM. That's the automatic pouch we're talking about. Exactly right. Yeah, they send it in the pouch. Vom is not just regular ordinary TV. In fact, Vom is so great and clear that you probably won't have Vom buried in your tomb. So you can watch it forever in perpetuity. Vom is high definition TV, delivered by a satellite vision HD receiver. The picture is so clear, so sharp. You won't believe it. It's like Gary Sarner is staying a right-neur living room. And that's a scary thought. The only entertainment system designed for high definition TV. Vom's got the most HD TV anywhere, and provides all the equipment you need to to enjoy the element. HD TV experience, including the satellite this receiver. And of course your remote. And Vom's got over 30 channels. But third of the man. Of HD programming, you can watch ESPN and high definition even. That's three times more than you get from cable. And they've got all your other favorite channels like HBO and TV, even your local local channels too. The picture is so clear, you can reach right in there and grab whatever it is by the armpit. Vom's got over 120 channels of great entertainment. Vom even has exclusive channels of HD movies, news and sports that you can't even get about all any price from your cable or satellite company. So with Vom you get all the stuff you got. Now, plus all these great new awesome high definition channels to enjoy on your expensive TV set. Call Vom today for a limited time offer, which includes free installation, No upfront cost and no long term commitment call toll free. 1 8 6 6 8 4 8 8 6 6 6 6. Don't forget you've had to do it right away because the offer's just last a few more days till Monday, May 31 some Memorial Day. Call today 1 8 6 6 8 4 8 8 6 6 6 6 6 or 5 out more online at vom.com. I hear local these sixes five cities. There we use all your time. You win. Bratum and say cheese. Tonight. On CBS. They are the lead team of police detectives who saw mission is to crack unsolved clients from decades past. He was killed in 1971 and we're going to find out who did it. They won't stop until they find new evidence. The DNA results are in. They won't stop until they find new witnesses. I think you saw something. Who's a M of visits? They won't stop until they find a cold case of fear. What is they going to knock off of the day? I was like a plan. Nothing brings a job to a halt like a cold case of fear. I mean the crime has gone unsolved for 30 years. What's another day? 24 hours. Sam say. Cold case of fear. It's the drama you won't want to miss. Unless you get sidetracked by 24 cans of brew. I got some great news for you. Yeah. I'm looking at an acu weather radar right now. And since then, I need to write nothing. I've been some nasty thunderstorms all throughout the Kentucky. Ohio. To the Ohio Valley. Ever been in the Cincinnati? Yeah. Don't go back. No. There's limo Ohio. Nothing could be fine. Then get to hell out of Lima. There's a finley Ohio. Home of Joe Marstonier. And any rate. But in the Northeast uh, Wilmington, Ohio. We tried to even know there was a woman to know how. Got some monastic heavy duty rain here. But right now the whole center of the state is clear. All right. Never have I been more interested in the weather than a baseball time. What? I've been doing this for half an hour. That other time we almost, we got the false alarm that the game might be rained out and the old stand by. And then of course it turned out there was like a pigeon floor or something like that. And dropped a big one on Dave and boring's head. That woke him up. I don't understand how does he say so animated and excited without you. They're told his hand on the road games. What? Anyway, here's the facts that say. The facts says fear freaking factor. It's just I've got a worm they can eat. There you go. Okay. Sick. Sick. Sick. Sick twisted crap. That's for people who like a lot of SNM crap. Fondage, bandage. Here's one of Georgia's going to be too happy. But then again we don't really care about that. Whether he's happy, wrong. Happy it's your opinion. These are the panels. The worst TV in the last five years. It says it blows. And of course right now the current incarnation of it. You might agree with that from what you've been saying. Right. But it started out great. Well, I don't want to debate about these are panels. You're entitled in this. This facts are entirely it's opinion too. Okay. Just relax. Just we got to get a bunch of names on there on the pole so we can feel you. And let's put Steve Kain on here too. See being a lot of host. He's got that world famous TV show that he used to have on cable. I wanted to look like it's shot through 85 feet of an only. I'm taking almost smell the photographer on your screen. WQAM. Hello. Hello. I like to talk about on Don Cher will listen to the TV. Okay. Well, talk to somebody about who cares. Okay. I get a life you've taught you. I have no life. So did little kid. 560. 560. Call up Carl. What's his name? Carl Benann is Bud Foster. Okay. Over to run W. Oh, I've called him up and talk about Don Cher. I hear you as well. 560. 560. 560. On the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line. What big TV hit show of the past five years. You think was the biggest piece of shmit. That's our pull question. WQAM. Hello. Yes sir. I never wanted to. I never wanted to be in radio. Uh. I made it. That's good. Don't do it. Here's line nine WQAM. Hello. QAM. Nobody there. Boy, this is good. WQAM. Hello. How about the F file? They took it off the air because it was so close to the truth. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. WQAM. Hello. Oh. Yes sir. Ah. You're welcome back. Okay. Thanks for the good news. I see there's obviously an inside job, right? Sure. Yeah. No question. I think I was Todd Rex Boyfriend. Hello. That's a bit reminder though. We should have our conference about that. Thought that word. Okay. What? We should have a little confab about that. Now that the duck has had his intestines all checked out. We should have a little bit of a confab. A couple of words that we need to add back on the list that we need to bring back in. WQAM. Hello. What the hell is the charge? WQAM. Hello. Wow. QAM. Hello. Fuck you. See we only have two hours today. So I've done the field up to the short on time. I've got to get a whole in between now and noon, which is fine. Kill some arsenal and time. Dieters who's atkins a state in company. A 53 year old man sued the estate of Dr. Robert C. Eckens and the company that promotes his diet yesterday. I know who that was that was Paul Pauli's boyfriend again. He got all bent on the shape from that call the other day. The suit says following the Atkins diet for two years raised a man's cholesterol so much that his arteries became clogged and required a medical procedure to open them. The suit is apparently the first to involve the diet the most prominent and controversial low carburgement and the one most associated with assertions that follow was going to eat all the red meat and saturate the fat they wanted and still lose weight. The plaintiff Jodi Gouran who's being assisted by physicians committee for responsible medicine. Oh, yeah, we know about them. And advocacy group that supports a vegan diet. Remember them? Oh, yeah. They're right in there with a Peter Crowe. Is seeking $28,000 in damages. Mr. Gouran said he was using the suit to tell other people about the dangers of the diet and have as promoters include warnings in books at the products and websites. Mr. Gouran of Del Rey Beach said that in two of the diets specifically the 99 edition of Dr. Eckens new diet revolution after two months he said his cholesterol shot from 146 Well, with a normal range to 230 considered the hazardous range in October 2003 after three episodes of chest pain Dr. Stom the Mr. Gouran had a 99% blockage in a major artery and performed angioplasty and inserted a stent to keep it open. Before starting the diet he said test showed his arteries work clear clear was a bell clear anyway An endoclose on here about the fact that this is a publicity stunt and this one said this and that one said that in the audio How many sports did it go on at that number one and number two the physicians for a social responsibility? What is it again? Physicians committee for responsible medicine. That's what it is Bunch of Peter people a bunch of extremists a bunch of on make everybody into a vegetarian all the anti-meat people Yeah same same crowd get lost with their homosexual agenda that would their own agenda with their fruit cake agenda 560 pound 560 on the AT&T line let's get some more of these great calls in your line 9 QA and hello Real world. Thank you. See there you go. He didn't sound too confident. He sounded too great In fact he saw it pretty crappy to me but nevertheless we were the went and doubly blurred it right out. That's all can you handle it? Can you do it? No man. I love to make like I said I Think Jacques Martin was one of those called in pretrendune anglo voice Join a QMQD 6 day tonight at the baby quarter deck at 3155 South University dry stop our for specials on corona When some really crappy low budget prices and it's your last chance to win a trip for two to canned cool that's a 6 to 90 day Quarter deck WQA and hello. Yeah, how about the rise and fall of Joseph Gackie oh my oh Man That's in good stuff. I like Al said you ain't see nothing yet. Where's it being sold? I don't know, but we sure want to find out. I'm eating come back to town for some of that WQA and hello Hey, how you doing? Pretty good. How about that silly showbacker with that duty Had cut to answer What was it into the showbacker backer backer backer backer? What if I don't know anybody that ever watched backer? Recker Okay, thanks. What is it? What was it into the show? Backer. Dreker? Yes, is it what the really show name becker? You got to be kidding me With Ted Anson. Oh my god. He McGeegas me He knows he makes my back dome twitch Ted dancing Makes me nauseous. You know who else makes me really sick to my stomach the one that was murdered the soap opera star that I can't think of what his name is That he can't act in cancels and can't do anything else and he keeps showing up over and over again Recker, huh Ricky Martin. No, not quite five six seven. Oh five 60. Let's see American idols lead in the pack so far in a good choice. Oh, you can't say that I just did 82. Oh, there's Bill Cossby again talking about those Francis. I'm American idol 82 Survivor 46 Jerry Springer for 42 Ricky Lake 36 Dominion or 23 the simple athletic millionaire 20 friends nine bachelor Met four bachelor three Frasier has got a pair meet my parents to fear factor two Drek. We don't have any yet Tom Decker This is the planos in real world have none out of the first 294 votes Very important poorly better hop on it. Okay. This is really very scientific research. How do you do these stuff? Just like yesterday's be sure we get the Steve came on there too. Come to Q.A. and hello Neil yes sir. How about the show spooners the spooners the spooners yeah, we're a little block kid What was that on man? I'm not gonna get a little kid or like in the 1980 Oh man, this is just the best you see I'm not gonna go into it Don't fight it don't fight your ses man. He's talking about this over spruins by the way, but what the spooners the Carlsmaner is the prisoner of the Dodgers. You still have a big fat stogi got hit by a line drive Carl Spooner See there's a little baseball trivia for you Josh. You think you know something. I bet you know who Carl Spooner was dead Sure, you do yeah, I got hit with a line drive again pitching against what team Cleveland Indians Yeah, there you go. You can't top me on ancient stuff man when yours old and the funny daddy is I am I got all the old crap Okay, in fact some of it. I'm still trying to get rid of That's why I made all those trips when I was down there 11 minutes past 11 at 5.60 WQM Hey, if you're still a little bit nervous about buying your mattress over the phone I can't imagine why Because for over 25 years millions of smart people have done the right thing. They've doubt 1-800 MATTR ES for the lowest possible prices on the best brands and betting the easiest possible way to buy you a great name brand Microsoft no risk because if it's not perfect in every way just call it back for a full comfort exchange It's completely free within 30 days God, oh man. You're wasting your fees. No strings attached down on my pieces right number one a customer satisfaction And we're winners a 2004 better business bureau local torture of excellence award 2 when you call 1-800 My Chris you get the best prices on a best brands with delivery on your schedule and the best customer service in the business Why would you waste any of your time? Sluffin from showroom to showroom. It's you have to be nuts to do that That'll America has the complete line of silly sirdic King Carl Simmons temper Pete again Stearns and foster hewitt from Kendall to Stuart Palm Beach to Fort Myers That'll my Chris will deliver you the finest vetting in the on a face of the globe We have to just make that one easy call just reach right over grab your own a thing and call 1-800 Macros 1-800-MA-TT-R-ES Log under their website at macros.com do like I've been doing for years and years by the smart way from our friends at dial-amacros We are sports video 5-6 Nothing have it your way. I hate to resort to torture, but you leave me no alternative Hold him down and put the phone up till he's here You have reached great Satan HMO Do we put on hold until you lose your mind and so I'm gonna play that one tonight. Yeah, that's all right It's not that good. Well, that's not the one I want to play any of all right One moment please. Oh, we don't want to and in two hours sure we don't want to play the same one twice do we? No, although it's a great time. Let's try this one. All right, put the prisoner in the chair and strap in You're doing your two to me in the power ready. Yes sir. Oh, it's the switch Oh, no, this is what I think it is Shut it up 11 17 at five 60 WM I just checked that radar again. There's just a little couple of turds in here over this a whole central part of how it says turrets A bell okay, so once they get started on here then we are just van moose out. Okay, and that's yeah. Watch us run right like crazy Appeals court backs our guns assisted suicide law. Here's a little bit of good news for those to the left of it till of the hunt A federal appeals court yesterday declared the Bush administration has no right to interfere with Oregon's assisted suicide law The only one in the country to allow doctors to help patients and their lives In a two to one ruling the 19 West Circuit Court of Appeals said attorney general John Askcroft cannot section or whole doctors Currently liable for prescribing overdoses under Oregon's voter approved death with dignity act by which a jet bush will be peeled about that The attorney general's unilateral attempt to regulate general medical practices historically entrusted to state lawmakers Interfares with an Democratic debate about position assisted suicide circuit judge Richard Tom and said He said askcroft threat to take action Farmer exceeds the scope of his authority under federal law and Oregon official hail the ruling is a victory for the states In other words, he judge was saying that John Askcroft is a far business a go. I think is what he was looking for. How do you like that? Nice going our gone And speaking of incoherent people tape details Nixon drinking incident juicy this I read the story Five days into the 1973 Arab Israeli war with a super powers on the bridge of confrontation president Nixon Was too drunk to discuss the crisis with a British Prime Minister according to a newly released transcript of telephone calls Henry Kissinger's assessment of the presence condition on the night of October 11, 1973 It contained in more than 20,000 pages of transcripts of Kissinger's phone calls as the presence national security advisor and secretary of state Records his privacy had guarded for three decades the national archives relieve the miast today They showed the powerful advisor trying to manage world crises even as Nixon's presidency Teetered from the watergate scandal that were consumers administration August 74 and October 73 the US Soviet tensions were peeking over the air Was really war and British Prime Minister Edward Heats off is called the White House just before 8pm to ask to speak with Nixon Can we tell the no cuz nearest assistant Brent Skowcroft who would totally origin request when I talked to the president he was loaded Skowcroft replied we could tell the president's not available perhaps you can call you Kissinger said Nixon would be available in the morning when he sobered him up And that great So Nixon went through some tough times okay old tricky dick At least he wasn't a cook in at least I bet he could have said Abu Garra rain probably could have said that Here's a fact that says I'm a Democrat voted for Gor last time around, but it's be chess today was funnier than any misunder estimation of his pronunciation Why does Gor and why did Howard Dean always try to sound like Jesse Jackson whenever he speaks out for the Mason Dixon line to me Gor sounded like an out of work drunk in backtist Oh, he is it says power to the people good luck to the good guys, but go away. I'll go or the downshoes are sure the clown shoes are showing and take Lord of Panthers on our Alan Coleman do tons of a feather for sure I thought he thought it great. I don't know. Maybe it's just me, but I thought he sounded pretty good How dare that God good name of the United States of America who's a mud on Saddam Hussein Culture of our red exactly I don't I have a difficult time believing anybody who affects swirl like this really voted for Al Gore Don't you absolutely I think it's a good yeah, I think it's a dummy facts five six seven. Oh five sixty pound five sixty from on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line Only got another 40 minutes. Let's pile up these names on the pool. Okay, what big hit TV show at the past five years to think was the biggest piece of Schmidt big hit TV show not the Neil Rogers show on Miami Not the Steve Mr. Ego show on cable what I'm down the back of your cable thing big hit TV show man and not the silver poon Puppity QM hello. Yeah, I have a show for the poll. Yes Go ahead I don't get to tell to Neil sure you're talking to him. Oh, Neil. Yeah, so great. We have any intermediaries on his show man when you hear the one said somebody's voice It's me you're looking for something For first play the guilty moan new thing again after because that one I want to hear again because I just caught the end of it I work on it. Well, what do you got for the poll? Come on. Let's go the poll. It was about a like a traveling fabric salesman the Andy Rothman comedy and variety hour It was like it was filmed in a warehouse like in the north Miami area. That was a big that was a big hit TV show The Andy Rothman comedy out of here five six seven. Oh five sixty pound five sixty on me I mean what is this man talking about he must be on some of the same good stuff WKWA Oh, I am yes sir. I can speak for Neil speaking to him Neil yes, how you doing play a little rush limbo inspire for yes, yeah, it's happened to catch him when I was Listen to dial he was on Al Gore's butt about him this pronouncing Back to the abou grave prison and then I'm just I listen to another time I'm trying to see if he would bring up the Supposition is pronounced the A. She might as usual be avoided. Oh, must have been oversight in his part Yeah, that's it. Okay. Thanks. I think maybe that big thing he's got with the will most phone number out of maybe gotten away You think he's got that big three by five card board sign So he always has it just just the case he forgets a number American Idol 94 survivor 54 Jerry springer 49 Ricky Lake Ricky Lake with a big mistake 48 are you really let's take a look Oh, look at that South distance and they're showing some showers. She's seeing and lies They're showing the national radar. That must be old crap because I just looked on here moments ago You know what you go on acqu whether dot com and You can look at the Dopper radar and you could look at the moving images and put the radar loop The loopy loop and do the fruit loops and the whole deal and they're nothing there. Okay. Oh Look at as she's got the moderate risk and slight risk at all the Southern risk Right over Cincinnati they're just to piss us off. Well guess what sweetheart. It ain't gonna rain until he's 12 15 and we'll be long gone I'm gonna do a other rain dance, you know the anti rain dance right QAM hello Yes, sir. Yeah, lot you showed the great show today Sorry about the short show. I know we got to do the mower things. All right, so we better get right to it right I anyway Big brother, okay. You've got a man thanks big brother Got it got it another show they brought in from Europe which you know all the shows they brought in from Europe What was that dieting show? Dieting show yeah The one that was a lot of comp my big badass. I have no idea And we really five six seven. Oh five sixty pound five sixty oh To detect clearance out this morning as you got the pear shaped answer We're so we're gonna notice that's why he stayed away today He went home. He looked in the mirror. He put his pants down. It was knees which he has a lot of practice doing that and Look to you know he took the mirror in the front and the mirror in the rear and all that other and Sure enough pear shaped ass Sorry Who got her own QAM hello WQAM Yes, sir. You know yes The awkward the eyes bones okay. There's somebody don't like the eyes bones. There's always a first everything, okay? I'm I think that's on American to say that but this guy says the Osborne's and he certainly There's a British so it's on British if anything like I said it's a piece of crap WQAM hello How about the boss the choice painting what is it? Bob Ross Bob Ross Bob Ross Bob What the was that? You heard a Bob Ross? No So Charlie a peanut guy to big Afro the peanut tiny 567 567 567 first of all he's dead second of all he was a very nice man. Yeah, who now was it Bob Ross Bob Ross I know Catherine Ross. He painted I know Walter Ross senior and junior. I know Red Ross Huh Ross. Oh Archie Niles senior. Who know how was Bob Ross get that Afro? I don't know who that is I'm so proud that I missed all of these bad shows because every We don't watch I don't watch well that was a big hit show That was a big hit show We had to give you the big hit okay. I'm gonna get Luke to look at Brassie after some of these people today The guy with a silver pool whatever that was but he did draw happy trees. Oh I understand drinks tang What that's the one right hurt See there's more than one way to skin a cat moth okay? There's more than one way to skin a cat You would you would just pee your pants if I told you my fan and I told you this before the show No, I didn't I forgot to tell you my financial man was a great guy But he shouldn't listen to this show. Okay. He's the other one who's a big bush supporter big Oh, he's good for Israel all I crap so he I talk to me yesterday afternoon and he tells me a while I heard some of your show this morning boy. You were using some really foul language You better watch yourself. They'd be careful with all the stuff. It's one on you know I should have said to him just stick to all the financial stuff what you know about let me stick to the radio Okay, I've been doing it about Long time just relax. Okay. Schmuck 26 past 11 at 560 WQM when you look and for great shoes don't go schlepping around any a corner or a shoe store Go to a place that you can trust for the best deal all the way around the best name brands the best prices Sales people are reading over your feet and said not brandy shoes in Pompah, Robeach They got the top quad in names and the shoe business. They got rock ports floor shine SAS Spirit timber naturalizer all the others and with brandy's humongous election You're out your until fact. I bet you're Greg Reid and Clarence's life both on it That exactly what you're looking for. They got in stock right this moment Great. This is open daily nine till nine Monday through Saturday and every Sunday 10 to five You'll find them at 1290 North Federal Highway in Pompah, Robeach. It's always worth the trip because they give you such a great deal all the way around And all the wicked Brandies take 20% off on all famous brand men's and women's boat shoes the vote of them right one and the left one Come into the store or visit online at brandy shoes.com It's day off by every town Five six oh Coming soon. It's the movie with all the waiting for prayer as a gladiator It's Troy the classic story of Well, it's based on the epic hole Mike Oh, who cares it's Brad Pitt on a gladiator outfit I am a kiddies and now we must engage in hot sweating men on man combat action This is a critical thing about Troy Rick Reed calls it the field myself hit of the summer Rick Reed said half me the Trojan honey and in the words of Rex Raid if you feel the only one Homeowner Roddy gladiator movie this year see boy man attack from the rear If muscular man in leather skirt or your Achilles heel then threats to a theater near you to see Brad Pitt as you've always wanted to see him in Troy Troy's made it out for Amen 1131 just a half hour away from that big Marlon pig game show. I checked the radar things are looking a okay and Cincinnati at the Goop ball park Speaking of Goop balls. Here's a more bad news. 6 US soldiers have been diagnosed by the military with permitted brain damage from anti malaria drug Usenet a rack and Afghanistan and health officials must reassessed safety said senator Diane finds Santa California She said the drug called Nefloquin has serious risk that have not been adequately tracked by the Pentagon the peace corn other government agencies that distributed She told cheesehead Tommy Thompson she's concerned that six service members have been diagnosed with permanent brain stem damage From being given as drug despite the fact that I'll turn it drugs might have been chosen to prevent infection and Or did you read the article we had on there the other about anthrax about the vaccine? That is not effective and it doesn't work and it's yeah, we have no evidence that it works, but it made a lot of money for somebody And of course all that simple might a lot of money for our friends at bear which you noticed that story that came out the other day about Women in breast cancer and if you take aspirin every day it reduces your chance of breast and of course be sure and take bear Aspen because they went out of gas right they had days Speaking of that you're gonna like this story again here's for the second day in a road What didn't I yesterday where that great story about Israel by somebody and Israeli it was just yesterday? Okay, well, here's an even good another good or one mom just as good from the early times See what's important about this story is not just what it says It's very short, but who wrote it? Jessica Montel She's director of the Israeli human rights organization that sell them They're quite that means something about go in anyway She says throughout the last week the macabre exercises has been running through my head I imagine I have five minutes to get out of my house never to be turned What will I take with me my wallet and checkbook a change of clothes for the kids the photo albums my daughter's favorite doll diapers bottles in five minutes I'd never get it all out in my quiet neighborhood in West Jerusalem this exercise Exercise seems absurd no one has been a wavic me at a moment's notice It's just an hour away in the rappa refugee camp on the Gaza Egypt border this scenario has been played out hundreds of times over the last week On May 15 16 the army destroyed 116 houses in rappa rendering more than 1100 people home. Let's according to our organization's estimates It then began operation rainbow in which a demolition and additional 67 houses over the last week since January the army demolished 284 homes in rappa leaving 2,085 Palestinians homeless The demolition of houses generally takes place in the middle of the night without any warning to residents Doesn't the Palestinians have told us of awakening to the sounds of tanks and bulldozers at their doorsteps They grabbed their children leaving all their positions behind Israel says the demolitions are necessary and that in the last six weeks Army tunnel busting units of uncovered and destroyed eight arm spuggling tunnels around rappa Had they not done so Israel claims more civilians would have died in escalating Palestinian attacks Certainly Israel has the obligation to protect citizens, but even the most legitimate ends don't justify all means International humanitarian law formulated for the most extreme circumstances of war and occupation must govern Israel's actions in Gaza This body of law allows destruction of private property only in exceptional cases Now the military seeking approval to demolish up to 2,000 more houses to widen the road along the border Such an expansive strip probably would make life easier for the army But it's hard to argue that the destruction of each one of these houses is absolutely necessary or proportional to the benefit to be gained Clearly arm Palestinian groups must be unequivocally condemned Attacks against civilians are grave breaches of the laws of war yet no wrong against this can justify the suffering of thousands of innocent people Right Jessica Montel whose director of an Israeli human rights organization That's what makes the cheese binding to me is who wrote it? Sure Oh no, oh What happened just this little paper jam? No problem. No sweat all right. Let's see for the poll the dumbass weigh-ins brothers The weigh-ins brothers got a show Right Called the dumbass weigh-ins brothers. Put them like that. I see. Oh sure if they weigh the colors the weigh-ins brothers. It is yeah Let's see idea for pull the most annoying voice and radio or TV. Wow wow. I got an idea Okay, I'll put that in my pod pull pile. Thank you. Here's another one says Worst show last five years. We just is making a retina right now. It's got a bunch of votes And also wants to wear it. Wow. You're all the end and the coal show will zoom to the top of the list How can we let that piece of crap off there? It's a hit it's a hit As they van boring would save a much less enthusiastic. It's a hit it's a big fat juicy hit hit big Hooters a hit oh What big hit the I almost I almost I almost I'm on my tongue on my uh finger What big hit TV show to pass five years you think was a piece of Schmidt American idol 100 and everybody in their brother was watching last Not a guarantee of that right now. Or they accept us the three of us Right American idol 100 server 61 Jerry springer 55 Ricky Lake 41 Joe millionaire 35 the simple life is got 34 Millionaire 22 friends 16 the bachelor 11 fear factor eight here eat this worm The Osmoan six the bachelor rat five Fraser four the Real world three sopranos two big brothers got a pair meet my parents to end becker Glenn Becker record whatever his name is is got one there's really a show called Becker. Yeah That is shocking when he came right down with don't forget to join the QM Q these tonight from six to Lamb's you look me that's shocking they'll be at the gravy at the door deck easy The way the baby quarterback at 31 55 south University drive stop by for specials on corona win lots of really low budget prices The pretty hours are but it's also your last chance Abu Garra what a trip for two two I was gonna say a trip for two to Abu Garra to can't cool that's a six to 90 day be quarter-neck We're sports radio five 60 A M Little number I wrote the other day will not duck hunting with a judge You very much the FCC You get a much for finding me Five thousand bucks a time really out of luck As all the high declines was judging me So you let him much the FCC Approving that free speech just isn't free Clear channels a dear channel so how it's done must go a Termi general Ashcroth doesn't lie strong words and so he's charging twice as much is all the drugs for rushlly Well, so if you want so very much You very much dear mr. Bush Or heroically sitting on your touch For Halle Burton and Ron all the companies who hail She's another deal rich rich So You You Your pace make up must be a fake you haven't got a lot As far as I'm concerned you're just a pastey face don't fast and ask for condolences She's a intellectual You also very much So you very much the EPA Giving all the less gaz oil away It really is a bummer when I can't film my bummer the oh zones and no goes up now that Arnold here to say The nuclear in the games are going to take rest in at a So you also very much So what the planet fails let's save the great white males You also very much All right 1144 16 till noon in the Marlon pregame show Arnold's after reds and since it anywhere it is not raining right now Anyway Remember that call we had a couple of days ago to guy who all he said was Michael more socks that was that was a medley of his material Rain Filmmaker Michael more receiving death threats. Oh, no Michael more controversial documentary has never been seen in the US But doesn't stopping the more measures are right already apple plastic The get-fly filmmakers beginning death threats over Fahrenheit 911 says a source people have been flaming his website Fyming says a source really ugly stuff More's reps didn't return calls for comment but another more source who knows nothing of the current threat side it wouldn't be surprised you got threats after Bullying for column buy There you go. It's he merking it in wait man. We don't like what you're saying so What a thing you know coming up 567 560 pound 560 on a AT&T in Verizon wireless line we got 10 to get a few more names on his list what big T big hit TV show the past five years of the past five years not which 85 shows not which couple of dozen shows which big hit TV show the past five years You think was the biggest piece of Schmidt WQAM hello Neil yes, sir. Hey, you know the biggest cheerleader for a microphone more bashing is Phil Yeah, oh the other night the other night he was making fun of him saying like he's bad So what he'll listen to that crap. Oh, he's she Exactly, okay. Oh, WQAM hello Yes, sir. You also forgot there was one other comment that core media should make and that speech that was very good that he quote it one of Bush's advisors that we're in the rain of the meberry macabellies That I thought was pretty funny as well. Okay. Oh, okay, but thanks, Mike WQAM hello QAM Yes, sir. You're out of name to that fool go ahead As the show The week of link Like we don't have that on there. It's a shocker. Thank you, sir. Have a great day. WQAM's like Mrs. Robertson. Let's look at her ass Nasty miserable bitch. Maybe she's the one at the money that Eric idle was singing about I'd like to see you're gonna attack by Monty's Python 567 056 the pound 560 on the ATT. Don't forget we're gonna be taking you to a tinkled about tinkler bell Parkinson's an idiot to noon For the pregame show with the booster the great booch hobby and the coma inducing Dave van boring It's up up and away Wow WQAM hello WQAM hello QAM WQAM hello What in the are you okay, sir? Hey, let me ask the question how come we don't have time for questions, okay, sir. We got a very definite agenda here Let me ask your question. Let's talk about silver spoolins. Let's uh, but it'd be better Okay, you guys just take it with a program with the agenda man you better start you better start taking lessons in goose step and man Because you guys just don't be known how to do it Attorney General John Ascroff speaking a goose stepping and FBI director Robert Mueller said There were stepping up an international manhood for seven suspected terrorists including one who's father was a south Florida Islamic cleric Oh my god, I'd none g l Sukhra juma careful need and others Several others believe the be armed in dangerous possibly involved in plots with taxi west this summer Sukhra juma was born in Saudi Arabia, but how about a concept? Let's spend 15 years in the west including sometime in Florida his father is gooshir I'll all a Sukhra juma of Miramar Ascroff said the sun speaks English well, which is unusual in South Florida has been involved in plotting with senior Elkada leaders in a scout and targets for an attack in the US how do you like that right to Miramar Palma Johnny deaf. I bet you Johnny ain't too happy about that. What do you think? I'll be kidding more, but he's pissed off and fired up about her right now 11 48 12 minutes still long. I'll tell you one thing if you're pissed off and fired up because you went out and bought an HD TV set And spent a force in doing it and you realize you got nothing no entertainment there because there's very few channels Here's the answer for it's called boom TV It's high definition TV delivered by a satellite dish. HD receiver the pickular is so pretty in particular You'll almost think that you're in Abu Ghara right The picture is so superior to your regular TV sent heads like compared ladies DVD to a scratchy old piece Boom is the only entertainment system designed for i definition TV boom is got the most HD TV anywhere It's and provides all the equipment you need to enjoy the ultimate HD TV screens including your satellite dish HD receiver and even the remote boom is got over 30 channel The programming you can watch ESPN and high definition as well three times more than you get from cable and they've got our your other favorite channels True like HBO MTV even your local local channels Boom has got a total of over a hundred and twenty channels of great stimulating if I can say that entertainment Boom even as exclusive channels of HD movies music and sports that you can't even get from your cable or satellite company So with boom you get all the stuff you got now plus on top of it all these awesome high definition channels Call home today for limited time offer call toll free one eight six six eight for eight eighty six sixty six or visit online at boom dot com but you better do it right away because you have only a few more days to take advantage of the special offer Because of the offerings may 31st and put free installation no upfront cost and no long-term commitment column today one eight six six eight for eight eight six six six or check them online at boom dot com Yeah Baby baby There's a face Friend Yes Clicking The purple lights today Donald Trump's bell came to give an obvious Balinese said but a criminal thing to do Those shows No clothes The pussy on her head's woman's face They've lost all their rights A pool grave don't go dead You've heard, 5, 4, 6 minutes away from the pregame show The milifluosounds of Voxambe and Dave Van Boring One of the ideological architects of the Iraq War It's criticized the US like I could pay for the country It's a grave error Wait to do who this is You're gonna pee your pants All right, I'll get my depends Not the one on waxy but the real one The neo-con Richard Pearl I'm so recently a powerful adviser to US Secretary Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld The scrubbed US policy imposed where Iraq has a failure In other words he said See I told you so I would be the first to recognize We allowed the liberation of Iraq to subside into an occupation And I think that this was a grave error And in some ways a continuing error said Pearl Former chair of the influential defense policy board Which is vise as the Pentagon With violent resistance to the US law occupation Showing no signs of ending Pearl said the biggest mistake in postwar policy Was defated and turned Iraq back to the Iraqis more or less Immediately In other words, hit and run We didn't have to find ourselves in the role of occupied We could have made the transition that's going to be made at the end Or less immediately he told the BBC video Referring to the US and British Times for political authority Interact to win an interim government on June But third of me Dirty it This public criticism of US policy from only leading advocates of the war And a firm political ally of US President George W. Bush Indicates just how much Bush's political fortunes are being damaged by postwar chaos I do like that Richard Pearl said Bad move Not the ball game coming up maybe Guess what we got after the ball game Did you check the schedule? No, I never do Just brave briefly I give you a loop Two in your reach We see the long drop This is probably that's all Briefly if time permits Still for a clock after the ball game So paper fully in Operate for And And seven are clocked to 11 o'clock We got more sports Don't set on it Hurricane baseball Long Beach State Yeah Yeah Yeah Or is a long way to go I can find the answer Let me tell you something How long is the state of the girls go Oh Step on Is that my game to win? Is that my game to win? Is that any of you? No Come on It's a shame It's been the talk up business The business that I've already stood out A couple of inches in there Can't Just go No, no Don't you agree I'll be the wrong Don't you agree I'll be the wrong I'll be the wrong I'll be the wrong I'll be the wrong I'll be the wrong I'll be the wrong I'll be the wrong I'll be the wrong You're like the thankers you I'll be the struggling But yeah Yeah Of course we're as good as Youtube Once again Can't any of those Everyone have their faces dangerous Do you want to see a loud smile But you can't read You run in it You can't disappear You're hot fits We're not a fake For future lessons, keep this one in mind in five minutes and 58 seconds wide. Oh, right. Oh, Bill. They know the treasure of art. Oh, Bill. Oh, Bill. Oh, Bill. Oh, Bill. Oh, Bill. Oh, Bill. Oh, Bill. Oh, Bill. Oh, Bill. How dare they drag the good man of the United States of America through the mud of the dumb earth. Knights of the earth... Oneight, black dumb! Hells! Did you like to feel relaxed once again? I am very proud. Okay? My knees are very sore. Take it to the ground. I need this way out. Please, it's your little ditty-ditty-ditty-ditty-ditty-ditty. Bye! I'm so proud. I'm so proud. I'm so proud. I'm so proud. I'm so proud. I'm so proud. I'm so proud. I'm so proud. I'm so proud. I'm so proud. I'm so proud. I'm so proud. I'm so proud. No. You're beautiful. You're beautiful. You're beautiful. You're beautiful. You're beautiful. You're beautiful. You're beautiful. You're beautiful.