I'm doing a tough season for jet fans. What is it meeting you now when it's in the struggling? I wouldn't like kiss you. I couldn't care less about the team struggling. I want to kiss you. Thanks, y'all. Yeah, you're smarter than Joe David. I'm the third victim. Well, so these guys are now time. One man trapped in a strange world must defend his honor, his woman, and also that weird cult thing he can do. No, Rod, I'm the first, not a nun. He was the famous man who never lived. Tom Cruise is the last Scientologist. It's just legitimate as any other major religion only for so long. The last Scientologist, if you call him gay, you'll sue you for $100 million. But if you call his religion crazy, he'll cut you in half. Make wise with a four foot samurai sword. Call him and show it to him. Put it to an elephant, will be in it not. He's even willing to die for dionetics years. The last Scientologist. What do you want from me? I mean, besides my pain, my fortune could be told my life is for yes, my soul. Tom Cruise is the last Scientologist. Unless you count John Tuval to Jenna health and the few other gullible Hollywood parents. The last Scientologist is now playing with your mind in a theater near you. Ten or one at five, 60, WCM happy Wednesday. Do you got some bad news? I want to start out with bad news, but we do have some bad news. Look at that schedule. The booster. At four this afternoon again. Come on, hopper, listen out to 2, okay? Here is the Scott Almighty, what a load. WCM, our first call on a Wednesday. Hello. A new? Yes sir. Did you read where that guy from the righteous brothers died of cocaine? Yeah, we hit it on the area yesterday. I guess he lost that numbing feeling, huh? Excellent. I talked to you. Okay. I know. That was beautiful. Probably. I just had that. I had that num feeling. My self is better. I had that. I had a tingle. Anyway, we changed the poll again yesterday. Why do you folks were looking? Because Dean with all the respect. There's a listener named Dean who sent us, factus, a great idea. We thought what was a great idea. We liked it. See, it was a good idea. The only problem being that we didn't have the right names on for the list that he was talking about. See what I'm saying? Okay. In other words, the original poll was which celebrity death of 2003 meant the most to you. And we were going along and then they said, well, there's so many hostile people in South Florida who, you know, would like to dance on somebody's grave, which we'll get to that eventually the day. But he said, how about saying which celebrity death of 2003 made you the happiest, which would have been fine? The only problem is that it wasn't the right list. That we just, you know, there were just too many nice people on there. So I don't even even say that. Maybe Eric Scott at somewhere. Like he's got it in his bathroom somewhere. He's been on wife's ass with a later in the day. I think there were about 460 or 70 votes on that, which wasn't too shabby. But it wasn't really going anywhere. Because it was all, I don't give a shmit about any of them and all, see the crews, one hands down. And then Bob Hope had quite a few minutes of that. It was very, very few of smattering. It was crappy. I didn't like it. I felt queasy about it. You know what I mean? Unclean. Yeah, I felt very unclean and uncut. Which celebrity death of 2003 meant the most to you we asked. I don't give a shmit about any of them. 282, 30.7% which isn't that bad. Considering what we're dealing with. John Ritter wins and a really tight race. John Ritter would 98. Johnny Cash 95. How can we didn't put June Carter Cash on there? She nobody died on the horse. That's right, you're right. She's overshadowed eclipsed. Art Carnie 45 Fred Rogers 34. See that crews 33 and I's going you go boy. See that 33. Very white 31 Bob Hope 29. Dr. Bob Atkins 24. Warren Zvon 23. Charles Bronson 20. David Blume 18. Katherine Hepburn 17. Robert Palmer, who's addicted to death now. Along with Gregory Peckley, he's had 15. Buddy Hackett and Morris give had 12 apiece. Hey, don't go to Mount Sinai Morris. Not a good idea. Oh, Jesus. Gregory Heinz, Lenny Reefenstall, who was the producer for Hitler and David Rinkley each had 11. Rod Roddy, her Brooks each had nine. Warren Spawn had only five. This is just not a sports crowd. Donald O'Connor, Fred Barry, buddy Epson, five apiece. They've divorced your only four. Like I said, it's just not a sports crowd, George. Your fault. Robert Stackley had four. That really pisses me off. Horst Buckhalts, Earth Cupsonet, Leon Yuris, each had three. Alan Bates, David Hemings, Nina Simone and Mel Carter. And a bunch of other ones each had two, which I'll get to eventually if it doesn't disappear here real quick. Where is it? Somewhere. George Charles Bronson had one. Earl Henman, him, Crone and Donald O'Connor. He's got at least one. That's good. Donald O'Connor, one. Richard Cranow, one, John's plus and your one. Oh, this is what are you just doing? He just changed his song to Eric? What is this? Oh yeah, he just, why am I reading it? That was in the old G. That was bad. He's not even with me now for something. Better read faster now. Which celebrity death of 2003 may do the happiest? I don't give a shmit about any of them. 238 C. The Cruising Nine Bob Hope 33. The Henry Riefen Stallnauts, he's 17. Dr. Bob Ackens 14. And we had how many votes? 517. Well, that was pretty good. So, why did I change it? It was just two, it was two Bob sided. Anyway, somebody called yesterday about the move on.org thing about the ad contest they had, the 30 second motion, 30 second contest. Speaking of a motion, 30 seconds by the way, we got something on our website. It's not on our yet, but it will be today. That'll just, it'll just make you a peer pain. That's the ever. The greatest thing we've ever had on theorages.com. For his old sample. But I'm just saying, it has weapons of mass destruction. You may have the world of safety. So, the one we're saying is not disarming. He is a danger to the world. It free and secure and peaceful Iraq. A peer pain. A peer pain. Secure and peaceful Iraq. A peer pain. Secure and Iraq. That's the middle of that. These will have enormous historical impact. In four different outfits, no less. Well, let's say what it's on there. Then you'll be able to have to see it too, I believe. And then you can play with it all day. And the thing too, it's a really great, it's a beautiful thing. Anyway, so somebody called about the motion, 30 seconds contest. To move on.org was having. And people like Miss Fudge and other right wing assholes and the Republican National Committee were making a big song at answer about it. Isifmouvand.org had created those ads comparing Bush to Hitler, which I wish they would of quite frankly, but never let us do not as extreme as I am or is honest. So, they put this on their website yesterday, which being a member of course, I got it. And all of you should be getting a two move on.org. It says, is the new year begins. We'd rather be talking about positive things and there are plenty of good things happening. But move on.org has come under attack from the Republican National Committee. The RNC, which has launched the campaign of malicious misinformation to divert attention from the creativity and power of the Bush and 30 seconds contest, we need your help to make sure the media don't fall for it. RNC Chairman Ed Gillespie launched the attack on Fox News Sunday, what an novelty. And the RNC followed it with press releases and calls to reporters. The charges centered on two ads posted on the Bush and 30 seconds website, which compared press and Bush's tactics with those of Ed Al-Hitler. Mr. Gillespie, repeatedly referred to the ads as the move on ad or move on's ad and applying that we had sponsored or perhaps even commissioned the ad. He also planned that we might spend $7 million to run it on TV. This is a lie. Move on.org has inspired such an ad and we never would. We regret the appearance of these ads and the Bush and 30 seconds site. The two ads in question are for more than a thousand posted by members of the public. And they were voted on by move on.org members to December 31. Obviously, the few hundred of you who viewed these ads agree that they weren't worthy of for the broadcast recognition because they got low ratings. Yesterday we announced the 15 finalists all good heart-hitting and fair praises of the Bush record. In the judgment of the members and others you're rated them to a funding ads can only be found in one place on the RNC website. And it goes on about what people ought to do and let the media know that it's a bunch of bull crap and the same old lies. Which are they in which they specialize. And Ms. Fajai notices put this story on her website today, but doesn't really like the fact that we track the mistake from her one from yesterday because he also specializes in lies in bull crap and anything to smear anybody who's to the left of it till the hunt and might not wear pink panties while listening to this show. Now here's the first poll today. We have two. The second one is definitely a building poll because there's only one name on it so far. But here's the first one and this is I know we've done this before that this is the last one because we've turned a new leaf now. We're a desperate to find our identity here on QAM. We're like struggling under Greg Reed's manic leadership. So as we start starting today Wednesday, January 7th. During the one to two hours, it is Wednesday. It's usually a hump day hour. But during the one to two hour and you'll shoot and there's only two choices. Okay. We're not going to give it like all kinds of, this makes it pretty queer. You know what I'm saying? Pretty queer cut. Keep playing all comedy bits or dump the comedy bits hour. And is it the points out on here? This poll will decide the future of the Wednesday one to two comedy bits hour. Okay. We'll abide by it. What we? Sure. Why not? Yes we will. I mean, well ordinarily a lot of times we do polls and say, well, you know, this is just for fun and it kills some good time and whatever you say will do whatever we want anyway. But not today. If people say they like that comedy bits hour, that's fine. Otherwise, maybe they figure it's just a cop out which it is. Yeah. Huh? Right. It's pretty obvious. Just to try to help us stagger through the weeks and store it in our both aging rapidly. Hmm. Pull number two, which show we can get into at any point. What well known and I want to make very clear and politicians excluded. Now it's not that I'm whipping out. It's just that we're whipping out. Well, we just don't need the grief because we know that if we put like a bush on this pool, right off the bat here would be misfogged or somebody from newsmax.com and they'd be putting it on there about all get the secret service and they're talking about the president being, you know, that's not so there would be no politicians on here. What well known living persons grave would you love to dance on politicians excluded? Now the only one we got on there is absolutely no Howard David it. That's the one that for some reason came to my mind immediately. There you go again. Bash in poor mo. Right. What well known living persons grave would you love to dance on politicians excluded? So you can add anybody you like on there. Well known person not like your next or neighbor, not Jeff Heiss former neighbor Dave Friedman. Not they have somebody well known. A little bit better known than Jeff Heiss or Dave Friedman. So that's pull number two. Okay. I'm going to vote. I don't know what to vote on this because we really need to get with it. You know what I'm saying? Right. And especially I'm really a little dismay. I'm worried about the hump or number one. I guess he just got a bad case of the flu. It's going around. It could be just that. And I guess guilty from hearing him he was back this morning but he's not a little bit scratchy. I think you're all going to have to go into quarantine when I come back to protect me from all the disease you people are spreading around. I will just show up. Huh? I'll stay home in a box. No, you can just just wear one of those SARS masks to something like that. And I'll come in like her medically sealed and just slide into that room or a plastic bag over my head. Okay. Let's see. Did I vote on this? Here's the thing on a comedy with sorrow. We'll keep this up until what noon? I don't think that'll be necessary. What do you mean? I think the results are already evident. Well, I don't get all curated. I see what they are. There's 29 votes. 23 say dump the comedy with sorrow. And six say keep playing all comedy bits. Okay. Well, like I said, we'll do it with the sour. Has that sound? All right. We'll do it until 11. Don't be so precipited. Okay. I don't want to be. Don't like. I know. Cause you're like it. Just as much as I do. Cause it's like my eating on the log. Well, we can't afford to be dropping no more logs. Okay. We've got to try to pick up the pieces here at QM. Now the Greg is smashed the old egg again. You know, those Easter eggs that you find on the DVDs. Well, this is the radio egg. I'm Greg keeps dropping it. I'm sure like to have one of those HD TV radio receiver kind of things. Do you know how great you sound? Yeah. That's stereo. Of course you're letting go of it. No, no. They haven't invented it again. It's going to sound great as soon as they invented it. 1013 at 560 WQAM does this sound like you underpaid an overwork? Well, if you like a new high pain career, but you don't have four years of the cash to waste on college. If this is you fast trains got your solution. Pick up the phone and call fast train today. 1, 866 fast train that one easy call can change your life. Because they can have you train in certified for a high pain computer network professional career or a high pain medical computer specialist career in as little as four months. You heard right. You can be fully trained already for a great new high pain career and as little as four months. Think about it in just four short months. You can be on your way to a life. Whether you're working full-time or part-time fast train office convenient day evening a weekend classes. They also offer job placement assistance financially to the people who qualify too. Fast trains got locations all over town. There's in Miami, Kendall, Fort Lottodale, Pembro Pines of the chances are there's a lot of people who are in the middle of the day. So don't worry, pick up that phone call fast train today. Say goodbye to your dead end job and your asshole boss and get a real career and some serious cash to go along with it. Call 1, 866 fast train. You can check it out on a web at fast train.com but make that call 1, 866 fast train. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. Oh, sorry. Oh, sorry. Uh, I've been on a question for you since you actually've got a rough introduction to this K prostitute world in all of â€¦ Shown between the stores. Maybe it would have been better if you could have actions in, but in fact, which will give you some real connection. Once this thing is simple, if you can not treat it, how can you only treat a woman? If they say they'll refuse, your husband will make you feel hurt... and then you're a good man, and not a worse man. But you're a good guy. I'm saving your oven shots. The breath allows you to call now before the number on your screen gets too blurry to read. It's been a year since I've been here since I've been here since I've been here since I've been here since I've been here since I've been here since I've been here since I've been here since I've been here since I've been here since I've been here since I've been here since I've been here since I've been here since I've been here since I've been here since I've been here since I've been here since I've been here since I've been here since I've been here since I've been here since I've been here since I've been here since I've been here since I've been here since I've been here since I've been here since I've been here since I've been here since I've been here since I've been here since I've been here since I've been here since I've been here since I've been here since I've been here since I've been here since I've been here since I've been here since I've been here since I've been here since I've been here since I've 41 to 35 and you've read this through on the towel there earlier. I know. I told you. Just like Archie Bell and the Drell's baby, our pole is doing the old tighten up. 41-35. Well whatever they say will abide by it. Are you still think that we only should live in it to 11 o'clock? Oh whatever. And since you get to the Zachary's up. Yeah, we'll keep going it for a while until the time is empty now. Until we get to the result we want. I really don't care. I want to do what, you know, whatever pleases the other way. No, no, no. We're here to please. Oh look at that. Now they're really pung on with. Anyway, if while that, what is it now? 45-35 to dump it. Last night says this back. So while flipping my radio dial, he was flipping it on the way home. Phil Henry came out of my speaker's spewing more of his vitriolic rant or rantings. Are you sure? Keep big time on Michael Moore. Clans his wife read, do where's my country and got him to try to read it. Obviously, half his family's got some sense in it ain't him. I listen for five minutes while he ripped move on dot org and all of its celebrity supporters. Then I started to throw up and hit the off button. Phil has to be getting bonus checks from cheap channel about a piece of Schmidt. Few of them it says. PS. I attempted to preview the move on dot org and last week since I remember, but they're attempted building a working website, Phil. Sure, first shirt is a success. Maybe Eric can help them out. It may have something to do with their low turnout. First of all, they don't have a low turnout. That's number one. And number two, I checked them all yesterday. The ones that were on there. So check it again. Move on dot org. Okay, get with it. 45 to 35. I think there's a real battle going on between it. They two divisions of our audience. See, that's a problem. See, people think I'm just making that up to illicit sympathy or some of it. It happens to be true when you ride the fine line. You know, when party or, back to Amazon, one side of the line, when you got one cheek on a one area and one cheek on the other area. See what I'm saying? Yeah, you need a bit of a little seat. That kind of shapes really, really bad. Well, that thing now, I can't even get it to a reboot now to refresh. But while we're doing that, we can always just, ha ha ha ha ha. Oh yeah. The president's been out those pretzels. Ha ha ha ha. We're changing outfits. Ha ha ha. We're telling other lie. Did I'm saying hands, weapons, a mask, a deserption? Ha ha ha. Oh, it's a beautiful thing. I'll be sure, let me know as soon as Eric had pops that on there. Assuming that that happens sometimes soon. Anyway, Pete Rose, like I told yesterday, is full of crap. He's a liar. Yeah, he was a great baseball player. But why does this debate keep raging on and on? And who gives a flying crap already? You know what? Yeah, his contention that he never bet on Cincinnati Reds games from the clubhouse is being disputed by two of his reputed bet runners. Former Housemate Tommy Joyosa said yesterday that Rose is lying. When he says, his latest autobiography that never placed a bet for Miss Orifice, Joyosa said he did so routinely. Paul Jansen, who also told authorities that he ran bets for Rose also said that baseball's hits King placed wages from his Orifice on a regular basis. I wish he just come clean with everything Joyosa said in the telephone interview. I just wonder if he'll ever tell the whole story. No. A day after excerpts from my prison without bars were released, roses lay this version of his gambling scandal and his sincerity were questioned. Since he's not planning any kind of rehabilitation, I don't think it has any kind of sincerity said Barbara Pinska, who was his spokeswoman at the time. That's the sad part. He dragged himself this far to a non-Geebut on baseball, but he's still out admitting that he's got a problem. And like I told you here, I've been telling you for a long time, he's a compulsive gambler with a very serious gambling problem. So the obvious solution is, stick his ass next year in the Hall of Fame, get it over with already, and then just say, don't ever come to a game again. Just ban him for baseball again for like, get him out. Except at a lifetime ban in 89, and of course, they try to like allow him to wheeze the way back in. No, just get him out. He's a scumbag in a liar. If he was a, you know, if he was repentant about it, it's not. 66, a dump the comedy bits hour, 45, say keep playing the comedy bits out of 111 votes. The votes are just pouring in their frantic all the way around. Don't you think they're frantic? Oh, sure, why not. WQM line one may be working, hello. Wow, again, I get to talk to you. How about that? For the time, you know, on the information thing on the webpage and the business, that time story is all like things, you know, the interesting thing is that I think people that are informed like myself, I really don't need, you know, to help to be informed. The ones that are not informed are too stupid to care, you know, what are going to be informed? You know, they're not going to read it anyway. So, it's, well, I mean, obviously somebody's reading it. We are getting a lot of people. I mean, you know, maybe a thousand people a day who read like maybe ten different stories. Well, I know that's doing a lot of the stories that I see by the time I've heard you say, you know, or, you know, a reply to the story or read the story, and I get home and I look at an FNBC or Fox or CNN, whichever news you watch. Right. You've already heard the story five or six times. You know, I will listen to you for your opinion of the story, not necessarily for the information itself. Yeah, but I noticed, for example, yesterday, there were a lot of things that we had on you're here and I see him on the news this morning. Right. Did you see him saying? No, not really. No, in other words, we had it before it made the mainstream media. Oh, right. Well, he, he thinks you do, but sometimes you don't either. I can use it. Sometimes it's the next day. You know, like I hear some of the happens later after you're on the air, so it's had the whole other day the fuck'll prove. And then by the time you get to it, you know, shit, so he done it. That's the story he done it. You know, CNN is already done. Well, Mr. Al-Amassumin, at most of our people are listening to Rush or Schmidt. Okay, I'm assuming wrong. Well, I'm praying. I'm praying for their mental health. They're not all in. But people do, I listen to everything. I want to know at the end of the day. I want to hear every side of every story. So in other words, in other words, you think that Rush has got a side to a story when he goes on here and talks about the Clintons murdering people and just making crap up. You think he's got a side to which story? Yeah, I'm not on that by and that. But at the same time. I wouldn't listen. I wouldn't listen him if you paid me by the second because I know exactly what he does. He's just a freaking liar. Yeah, but with the same time, some of the stuff that you say is biased by, you know, a liberal belief or whatever. No, no, there's a difference between a bias and making crap up and just blatantly lying. If you can tell me something that I lied about politically on his show, I love to hear what it is. Well, you don't, people don't lie on purpose for a lot of times, you know, when you tell a certain lying, you're repeating something that is almost to the point of ridiculous, like Rush does the same thing, the liberals do the same thing with their part of things. Well, you're not listening. You have a great day, sir. You just do this, go in and like a dog chasing its tail. Just I think you want to hear the sound of your own voice. Five, six, and I'm always deployed. I mean, what is the point of always? You just should mid-candy the website to make him happy because he's listening to all the other shows. And because nothing we have on there is a new, first of all, 95% of the articles on our website, you won't find anywhere else anyway unless you're doing your own homework. Right. Let's go to all the places that they take. That's the whole idea, but with a bedtime story. I mean, you can find them on the websites where I find them. I certainly didn't write them or invent them. But that's the idea to make it easier for people who are a little bit curious and want to read something as opposed to the kind of readers die just garbage they get in the sun-centenal and the Harold and from the American Networks every day. Pablem. But anyway, he killed some top-line. You're living in a high-end. Oh, WQAM, hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir, Evan Jones. Go ahead and put up a Joan somewhere. Yeah. WQAM, hello. Got a bad heat, Democrats. WQAM, hello. Yes, sir. I couldn't disagree with the Joan and the just called. I always find that when I've heard the stories from your show, they always come out later on on the mainstream media. Right. There's some clear opposite of what he was saying. Just wanted to say that. Okay, thanks. 560560, pound 560 on a AT&T in Verizon, wireless one. For example, US gives Haliburton waiver for oil deal, even in spite of the appendica on audit and found evidence of overcharging for fuel. Hey, that ain't going to bother anybody. The US Army is granted Haliburton a special waiver to bring fuel into a rack under a no-bid deal with a Kuwaiti supplier. But he liked that. The Army Corps of Engineers spokesman, Ross Hat, can say the yesterday, the waiver was granted to Vice President Dictaneys former firm to ensure much needed fuel reached the Iraqis and the decision was not tied to the Pentagon's audit. If you don't like that well enough, a partnership of giant companies would tie to US officials has been awarded a $1.8 billion a rack reconstruction contract the government said yesterday. But Pentagon and State Department officials announced they hadn't worked out a bureaucratic squabble over which agency would ultimately oversee more than $18 billion of reconstruction funding approved by Congress last fall. Guess what companies they were, the team of Bechtel and Parsons Corp on the deal for major reconstruction projects in Iraq. Oh, right. So it's Haliburton and Bechtel and a bunch of their other asshole buddies. I just mentioned those things in passing. But I must have made them up. Stop lying. 100. 75 votes on air. This poll deciding the future of our comedy, but it's not looking too good, George. 100. 75 votes. 100. 3. Say dump the comedy bits hour. 72 said keep playing all comedy bits one to two. 103. The 72 you got 33 minutes in the pressure. It was building. Hey, it's the last mortgage you'll ever need the only one mortgage from financial group. The benefits are in incredible. Incredible. Zero closing costs. Zero application fees. Zero credit bureau fee. Zero discounted points. Get the new low interest rate. It's just 1.25%. We have a $100,000 loan. Your payments are only $134.00. If you have a $200,000 loan, your payments are below $668.00. And don't forget once you're be finance or get a new home mortgage from financial group, you'll never ever pay closing cost again. So call them today 1-800-940 land. Get the low rate mortgage you deserve and then move on to your next property without any further cost of expense. You pay zero underwriting fees. Zero dock fees. Zero closing costs. Even when you move to another property. Get the new low financing rate of just 1.25% at least the only one mortgage from financial group for the sales call 1-800-940 land. Never pay closing cost again. Financial group 1-800-940-LANV. Equal housing lender. Restrictions apply right something to change monthly. 4.21 APR. 5. The money and no business puts ready on 5.16. 2-A-M. Up the button. Up the button. Up the button. The salary season, Vick Tail Introduces the Saudi Barbie. Since our Saudi friends were upset with the old Barbie since all blinds named Barbie are Jewish. So the good day to reach a big salary designer to make Barbie Saudi friendly. Because you know, the signs are high friends. They like this. And I'd nothing to do with 9-11. And I'd just introduce my little and nothing. I know I'm not in the mood. I don't think I'm in the mood. I don't think I'm in the mood. So to think we're Saudi friends by sliding our top further at their smelly hole, meet Alibaba Barbie. She comes complete with a sand display that lets you bury her up to her neck which he bailed to obey. For nature of fences, bandar kid will yank her head off with a chain. So behind a realistic company. Men are kids old separately. The lower Jewish, however Barbie, now he's a blink barber eaten. It was Jewish. You can deal with Big Tail. It's well. 1032 at 560 WQM we have 112 votes on there man. Look at that. Yeah. Dump the comedy bits out, 122. Keep playing all comedy bits one to two, 90. 122, the 90. That was numbers down? Got it. Okay. Okay. We need some names for this. I'm going to collect what well known living person's grave would you like to dance on. Politicians excluded for obvious reasons. Oh, we got so far as more Howard David it. Absolutely. I had one even before you brought him up. Who's that? Rush. Oh Rush Limbaugh. Yeah. And it'd be nice little drive like if you know if they bury him here locally. That would be actually like a pit. In fact, maybe if he keeps popping him oxies, it might happen soon. If you don't know, box have a party, put the boom box right on the tombstone. A boom box? WQM. Hello. Good morning, Neil. I'd like to ask you a question about the F word. Yeah. Okay. You probably were aware that the FCC has changed their mind on how it can be used on the air. Yeah. Have you ever discussed that? Well, very briefly. I'd like to hear your ear. Because we're not going to be using it here. Why understand that? But I'd like to hear what you think about it. What I think about what? Well, I think about it. ZFCC hasn't got any business regulating any words. I think that all words should be allowed to be spoken. Any time. Well, but I mean in the context where it's not, you ask me what I think about it. That's exactly what I think about it. I have a few. In the idea that a bunch of Bluetooth asshole right wingers, in fact, the one guy in California wants the word asshole banned as well, added to the 70 words. The idea that they have nothing better to do than sit around trying to dictate whether can be used as a adjective, as a verb. What kind of crap is that, man? It's something that even kids in a sandbox wouldn't waste their time on. I agree with you. This is a kind of crap that we're up against in America. I think your listeners would like to hear what the latest ruling is. I'm already talking about it. I've asked the miss that show. Well, the ruling is ahead to do with Bonna when he was on at a ward show. And he said he used it as an edge. He didn't use it to appeal to the parade interest to the audience. That was the ruling. Yes, he said that's okay. He used it as an adjective as opposed to a verb or whatever. It was a silly thing. Have you seen where I'm telling you yet? No. Okay. I can't find it. But I'm looking forward and have a great day. Oh God, 560, 560, pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon, few column. That's what I say. QVFCC. Right? Scrum. All this crap, bring about little words and this word is going to kill you. And if this some kids hear this word, kids have words that we haven't even discovered. Yeah, okay. We need to know what that other talking about. And they're worried about kids. They're going to hear words. See, the problem, this poll today is very, very interesting. You may not think so because it only has two choices. That's why it's interesting. Because it doesn't give anybody an out for some kind of a cute, you know, how they like to write. No, I like that. No, this is right down the middle. And I would give us a good answer. But answer. And this goes to show you that our audience is then you split right down the middle. You got to people who want nothing but goofball stuff, right? Just want a bunch of silly stuff. Like that. Like that. And even like that. And like that. Then you got the people who think that it's a World War Seven here on a radio and that we're going to solve all the problems of mankind. Like that first guy who all he did was do about three minutes of double talk. I know I do why I let him on so long. I thought maybe he was going somewhere and he was. He was going to the dial tone. He just didn't get there soon enough. But you know, oh, well, he listens to Russian. He just talks to a group. He's got nothing to do with here on all sides. Or why don't you just admit it? You're just a top show groupie. And if there's one thing I cannot stand is top show groupies. Back in the days when there was such a thing is talk radio, which doesn't exist anymore. It's done. It's history. This isn't a talk station. It's a sports car with a microphone that happens to have to show in the middle of it to try to make some ratings and some money. Which at least in the second part we're doing. Can you imagine if we didn't have all the live spots today? Oh, I know. What would we do? Nice going screw in. Keep that revolving door going down stairs there for the sales department. Jesus Christ. Oh, I'm sorry. I haven't going on a business sale. But it ain't right. So the audience is almost evenly divided. And so we try to, you know, pass if I everybody. Which is not easy. Oh. Believe you, me. It's not easy because the matter. Of course, being in South Florida, even if you were to pass if I knew everybody, it's still be bitching about. Yeah, because it's the South Florida F and way. We'll see. There's that word again, the f you can wait. 237 votes. It's not as website that as you thought it was going to be from those first votes. See you over react. You just need jerk man. Right. Too much of a knee jerk or just part of that. 255 votes. 145 say dump the comedy bits out. But 110 say keep playing all comedy bits. One to two man. We like it. We're squeezing it while you're doing that. And of course, so we are too because we have nothing else to do. Right. Now what is the deal with one and two? I know. Yeah, see, there's something strange about those two lines. Seriously, one. WQAM. Nice talking to you. Have a nice day. That was better than the first call. WQAM, hello. Or the second one. QAM, hello. What about dropping dead would be going to be going to be? Let's get his name and put it on the list. WQAM. Hello. WQAM. Hello. Yes. I'm sorry. I was on the speaker for a new, nice thought. Yeah, I've been away and called a lot of for a while. Okay. Congratulations. That's the shoot Steve. How you doing? Oh, God. Come on. You know this be new? No, I don't. You see what I mean? Oh, I know what you mean. It's a parade of chronic, man. We can't even get, I gave one name for the list and you gave one and that's it. We got a list of two so far. I fact just saw them. At least they're there. Holy cow, holy cow, man. It's unbelievable. Well, you know, they're zeroing in. They get past 11 o'clock. They can, that's like a zero four. They can't walk and chew gum at the same time. Man, this is shoot Steve. We want, we want, in fact, I almost intended to put his name on a list. Except nobody knows who that is. No. Oh, God. What is it take to get the message to these misfits, including the ones whose name I won't mention, because at least we have successfully. Unless you're getting facts as from those two, you know, which ones are coming. Yeah. So I've tried to say it's just ignore them then eventually. We'll go away because that's all they want is attention. Oh, here's it. One OJ Simpson. I like that a lot. Mm-hmm. Oh, you'd have to, you'd have to shove me off that tombstone. Jury and North Carolina. Oh, that North Carolina is adding to our pool. But of course, South Florida is usual. They're rallying out. There's too busy making going to sign. What? But North Carolina. It's complex. Yeah, it's complex, all right. Here's one. And it says, I like to put Martha Stewart on there. Oh, man. Okay. We put Martha Stewart on there. Also with those respected Joe Rose or the moment, if you're looking for a permanent 8 to 10 host, Luke Shombie, no, you're so wrong. You're so full of it. Neal in the keys. You've got a good name, Neal, but change it, please. Luke Shombie is the best out there. Realize he's a baseball commentator, but even for a little while, he should have that spot. Guess what? He's great at a Marlins. He ought to be, uh, he's one of the top play by play people of the country. He ought to be like pushing at them. They've been pouring out of their due to whole game himself. He's going to be on for the hump or the sap known, but when it comes to doing a talk show, that's not his bag. Is that a very, is that a nice way of putting it? That's just not his thing. You know, he does kind of rock and roll talk show. You know, he just, it's not his name. He doesn't say anything. He'd like to, man, be panning for me. I'll have to take your words. Let's get Warren Crow Marty back. I vote for the Moan Crow Show. Neal and the Keys is obviously, uh, been inviting just the wee bit too much. He's still got a little bit too much holiday cheer in his system. 152 to 119. Negatory. On the one to two comedy bits are 152 to 119. Get those votes pouring in there now, man, because you only got 20 minutes to be heard to make your voice count. I'll tell you one thing if you count in the hares left on your head because the fuck single digits. Here's the answer for it. Get you some new hair from Charles Alfieri. It's just amazing to me. I guess it must be a lot of money for some people in this because everybody in your brother were law now is peddling hair systems and they got the best looking piece and they got this and they got holes. They're going to drill in your head and they got magic pills that will make your hair grow. It's all a bunch of crap. The only thing you want to really get involved with is the natural hairline system from Chuck Alfieri. Because it's the best one going at any price. It looks like real hair that's going out of your scalp. That's why it's called natural hairline system. For over 25 years now, Chuck's been working with the famous and not so famous. Making them look sensational. The reason the famous and rich go to him is because like a suddenly moments ago even if you got Zidian's and dollars for no price at all can you get a better looking piece. And you can say the next two or a box off the already reasonable price by mentioning the arirages when you call The Charles Alfieri studios. He had nothing to lose but that vault spot because everybody gets Charlie's 30 days. But third man. Here in tea. After a month if you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells, if you know I can lots and lots of action that keeps you like almost Drain down the clock then return it for forreef on no problem at all. So get yourself some hair for the new year and the rest of your life by calling Charles Alfieri and Checking out that natural hairline system. The number to call is 1-800-3212413. 1-800-3212413 or log on their worldfamous website, Charles Alfieri.com. Why? And local. Here's sports radio 560's you and you AAM. And what? Are you letting to me now? He's back in jail. Recinging his classic hit scores latest release. It's land camel. Why? From the barricade with tools. And an old drug cow boy. When I can't see the land, that's not we've been all over the road. But at the time I found my penis. I'll be sober. I am the choose. I have a silly name. His name is Jerome. You have a stone on the gabbish stone. I'll pop up the gas deep blue wind. My green underwear and now low wind. I'm in the white town of America for comfy. I'm mixing booze with legs of pro. I'm always a big star. I'm just a lost good prankie. I'm a badass old man. Land camphor. I'm on a downstimble lighter fluid. It said his ass on fire. That's just how much I hate. Big fan die. Yes, land camber. Recinging is all time greatest hits. From the maricopter to the other. Of the old. Ever since. He's a 35. At 5. 60 W.M. Society of Spact is this very disturbing story from the Lakeland. Ledger. Representative Catherine Harris travels to Washington today to meet with wine house officials. Another political leaders. Over the next two days to tell him whether she'll run for a city being vacated by retiring. Senator Bobby Graham. May I start with the second? Yes. Rich. Rich. Patrick. What's his an up rich? Thanks. Story. You know, once is an off rich. Okay. Calm down. Well, what is with the chronic. All of a sudden we got two Steve hyperventilating there. Go back to Colorado. Okay. Get yourself in a bad. The skiing accident. And Rich. Packed her. Jesus. Put it back in your pants. Rich. And just calm down. We're not promoting your kids. A band appearance is any more either. The service. Sort of Republican said yesterday. She's made her decision. But feels obliged to inform others privately before nothing. And he writes on here. She's running. I think he was only going to be going to be a big team. I've heard a lot of people are too happy about that. Because it'll be an ugly reminder of the fact that she was there to help fish the $2,000 election. Per and the. To reshale a poor and jet-motion. A bunch of other. Goiam. So there you go. She's going to be running. Speaking of houses. What chances she got against that Martinez guy, huh? Yeah. She's no spec. You've got a guy named Martinez who's a Republican and Florida. And you got a winner. Even. Even. The. He had old body Martinez or our governor. So Jason, for Miami Lake sense of facts that we can't see. to make blobs so email it Jason like he offered to in the facts. What is it? It's a picture of Moal doctored up. We'd love to see it. But we've just moved it. Yeah. Email it to George and Mola Hop on it. We got a lot of work for Eric to do today. He's working on it. Bush, myster thing. Casey, can you believe which we is horrendous? Huh? Huh? Yeah. Ha ha ha ha. Ha ha. Now what is this thing called? It's called dishonest w. The lying action figure. We're using its hidden weapons to mass destruction. That. That. We cannot let terrorists and rogue nations hold this nation hostile or hold our allies hostile. Yeah. We don't want to be hostile to our personnel president today, but then we will continue to be. And spread of those right wingers who'd like to shut us up between now and November. Ain't gonna happen. Ain't gonna happen. 310 votes. We got 13 minutes and it's, uh, I don't know. I'll guess it's not that close. On the one to two hour and you'll should dump the comedy bits hour, 173. Keep playing all comedy bits on once they want to 237. 173 and 137. In fact, you got the same three numbers there. I got some good stuff here today. I'm gonna read. I'm sorry. Ha ha ha ha. Here's one thing that I just do not understand, man. I got a good column by Carl Heisen to know us. Welcome to the big house of prayer. Oh, but that prison about Governor J.B. and the house of a big house of prayer. But this one pulls shows Democratic race tightening. There's somebody goddamn polls. Jesus, K. Christ. There's one poll that we talk about yesterday was the CNN time poll that said Bush 51 and the D.46 percent. It was taken over the weekend. Now. Here's another one. CNN USA today calipole between Friday and Monday. And this one shows Bush with 59 percent and D. with 37. But the most startling thing here is the Democratic contest. According to this, where the numbers. A dean has got 25 percent and Wesley Clark comes out of nowhere and all of a sudden he's got 20 percent. Where did that come from? I didn't even participate in the Iowa debate on the Sunday. He didn't participate in the radio debate yesterday. But all of a sudden Wesley Clark is just a zoom out of nowhere. I say dean Clark. Now there's he said he won't take it. There's also a really interesting poll that's CNN took back starting in September. It's kind of a hidden poll. And if you go to their politics page or whatever it all in, and you click in the right spot, which I don't know how you're supposed to find it. But it's got like a two million votes on it. And one point eight, which candidate you think Democratic candidate is a best chance of beating Bush. Wesley Clark said like one point eight million votes. Isn't that amazing? But nobody ever talks about that poll. It's like a hidden thing. You have to like search for it. I heard a Clinton's voted a million and a half times. What is all this stuff you're sending me? Stuff. Cratt. Oh god. Man, man. Okay, here's this other poll that we're attempting to build today. Maybe this is going to go over like that other one yesterday. Maybe your audience is just too nice for this. You think so? No. What well-known living persons great? Well, because we know we all know what they would like to put on there, but we don't want to do that because there's no sense of opening up a word. It says for ourselves will be the point. What well-known living persons great would you like to dance on politicians excluded? He got more Howard David. Rush Limbaugh. Absolutely. OJ Simpson and Martha Stewart. I mean, it's a very nice list. But it's pretty short. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. WCWM, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Got the head very fall well in a terrible way. A two good ones. Maybe we could have a side by each funeral. They're convoking a coffin before they did and push them up a builder. All right, sounds good to me. All right. Because the Lord told Pat Robertson, Bush is going to win in a blowout. That's another thing. We had that story on before anybody else. Then all of a sudden there was a, it were even talking about it this morning, Jack. I got what's in a capricot. They're on CNN. I talked about that on Friday. That first guy, the second guy, the first one was a great caller. But that second one after the break, he was unbelievable. Papa, papa, papa, just a lot of Furby. You know, kind of like PD Lini said a lot of words, but didn't really say anything. Jerry and put a discreet section and says, I'd like, oh, and this is a very good one, Jerry. See the fats. You're coming up with a good stuff that they got the colors. What if I always told you about the colors? And especially now that in the new year, we're devoted, taking millions and millions of calls every day. I mean, Zillions. What? I'm serious. One of them. They want cold calls, baby. They want good calls. They want bad calls. They want assholes. That's it. But you want we're going to give it to you. You know what I mean? Check it out. He's not coming back by the. Yeah, he ain't coming back. No, no. Can't I think about that thing with a beast and Miguel man, talk about a couple of rocket scientists. What kind of nonsense is that? What the hell though? What do we have to do with the fact that he got himself fired? Did it? It frost my ass. It really pisses me off the more I think about it. There was only one person that could have saved his job and that was him. That's the truth. The guy even wanted to stop even when as far as he pushed it, he still was only going to get suspended for a couple of days. One of which he was going to take off to look for another job, which they knew. And instead of that, it's like, hey, stick it up your ass. You make it on all that crap. So we got himself, can't. And like we're supposed to pay all of us on QM service to pay a wicked crime for it. You know, call up Greg Reid and bitch him out. Anyway, Jerry, she's not like this exist and colter for your dance on a great pull. When she comes on the screen, my skin begins to crawl. I think she qualifies. Absolutely. She's not a politician yet. As far as your first pull goes, I vote to dump the one to two comedians. I do turn the show off the one PM on Wednesdays. I love the comedy bits as I'll even after the breaks. But one hour just straight is just too much. Thank you, Jerry. I think you're going to win all the way around. He's a good factor. Yes, he is. 348 votes. We got seven minutes to go. You better hop on there right now. Starting today, Wednesday, January 7th, the first day of the rest of your life or whatever that is during the one to two hour, Neil should dump the comedy bits, our 196 keep playing all comedy bits, 152. I mean, it's not, it's near, I'm going to catch up George. You lost. I know. Because I know which will look. But the bottom line is it's, it shows you that incredible division there. You got the division between the people who want to hear like life and death and the division between that crowd. That crowd. And I'm saying that crowd. And that crowd too. They haven't voted yet. WCWM, hello. QAM, hello. QAM? Yes, sir. Neil? Speaking. Hey, one for the poll, Neil. OK. Neil, Riley. You're low Riley is an excellent one. And also I just like to say, I mean, once and for all, for real, shock. I never liked that guy. OK. I didn't see the talent there, Neil. So these people need to get over it. Yeah, that's very well put man. They need to get over it. And come and pack. What they got him, or they hated him. He's got himself, can he's in Chicago. And now he's got man-cow disease. And he ain't coming back. And life has to go on, you know? Life's maybe going on. And God, he's gone. Thanks a lot, Pally. Have a great day. But see, there's some guy who didn't like him. I mean, there are a lot of people who did like him. And, you know, we can argue about it in cryover-spilt-mote for the rest of the time. I'm not going to do it. It's pointless, anyway. I'm not going to do it. I guess there's a segment of the audience here, things that we all should have just walked out until they brought him back. But the problem being that a lot of us knew a lot of things that you people don't know, see? That's what other problems with the audience on so-called talks stations is that they think that they know something. Now, the people listen to this show, they do get to hear a lot more, because we talk about a lot of insights of it. But they still only know a fraction, because if a lot of things for obvious reasons, then we can't talk about it. That's right. We don't say. What do you talk about? What do you mean? Name something. No, you name something. No. Yeah. What well known living person's grave, would you like to dance on politicians excluded? I got a good one. How about Greg Reed? All right. Oh, yes. With a grief that he's a, you know, when he, when he changed the time of this show, I don't want to go through it again. They know what I'm thinking. That was so outrageous and so on outlandish. And the fact that muff and clearance there are a couple of real weakling weak sisters man. We'll talk about the original weak sisters. That's them. What are they going to say? The fact that they said back in a loud that loud and as if. As if they have any power, which they don't between the two of them. Either, well, there's not even a half a nut. 360 votes to a one, never to worry on a comedy, but it's our 1509. Say, keep it. Please. I look into promising with five minutes to go, man. Look at pretty, a grim. WCWAM. Hey, it's like the end of the internet lift. What the hell? Who is it? Is it Barry? Yeah. Yeah. I want to ask you one to that list. What's the name, Harry? How was it? How was it? Howard Stern, okay. You wanted to dance in, you and Bob Abu. We can dance on it. Yeah. I love to. Thanks a lot, Barry. Have a great day. All right. You too. I'll try. Sonny Shannon is about a hundred below zero. It's beautiful. You're a postcard kind of days in Toronto. That's the weather for you. Just in case Park Castro was listening. And by the way, where's your audience this year? Two, I guess you know, I have no speaks less than either. I know. You just wait till a week from Friday. Boy, that's the big day when that fall book comes out and we're going to be in tears. That's okay. It had to happen sooner or later, right? Right. Sooner or later, we had to get the detrone. It gets a little old. Even Elvis got tired of hanging on the throne. Cameron's 74 votes before as we go into the break. We're going to be in the middle of the day. We're going to be in the middle of the day. We're going to be in the middle of the day. We're going to be in the middle of the day. We're going to be in the middle of the day. We're going to be in the middle of the day. We're going to be in the middle of the day. We're going to be in the middle of the day. We're going to be in the middle of the day. We're going to be in the middle of the day. We're going to be in the middle of the day. We're going to be in the middle of the day. We're going to be in the middle of the day. We're going to be in the middle of the day. We're going to be in the middle of the day. We're going to be in the middle of the day. We're going to be in the middle of the day. We're going to be in the middle of the day. We're going to be in the middle of the day. We're going to be in the middle of the day. We're going to be in the middle of the day. We're going to be in the middle of the day. We're going to be in the middle of the day. We're going to be in the middle of the day. We're going to be in the middle of the day. We're going to be in the middle of the day. We're going to be in the middle of the day. We're going to be in the middle of the day. We're going to be in the middle of the day. We're going to be in the middle of the day. We're going to be in the middle of the day. We're going to be in the middle of the day. We're going to be in the middle of the day. We're going to be in the middle of the day. We're going to be in the middle of the day. We're going to be in the middle of the day. We're going to be in the middle of the day. We're going to be in the middle of the day. We're going to be in the middle of the day. We're going to be in the middle of the day. We're going to be in the middle of the day. We're going to be in the middle of the day. Because they got Belgian waffles pies, cake ice cream. With all your favorite toppings, pastrys, even fresh root, like watermelon. They have been, even green. We saw seafood2000 interestingoods in too. We saw binding aates for filling sugarÑÐ»Ð°, for filling sugarÑÐ»Ð°, Isoy, ginger on with expensive ice cream, where you need to stop the meat in like October Jan 21 again. So take the whole family. Take the whole gang from the sixties forever, So take the whole family, take the whole gang from the offices. There be a good stall. The court. And their shoes. 9-5-4-5-7-2-38-2, next time you want a real feast, a real pig out, this is the place you've gotta try. The Emerald Coach Chinese buffet. Yeah! And from the throne, from the throne And the queen's never heard, the role of his daughter So I'm glad that I helped him, pride in the children I'll be a nice forever, he's richest in that river I'll be a nice forever, that I'll be a nice forever But I'm a nice forever, I can't wait for the sword to hit my skull I'll be a nice forever, he won't happen to the god-run chance through the tone I'll be a nice forever, he's richest in that river A queen that's wrong, he's just for that time I'll be a nice forever, he'll call me certain and jagged I'll be a nice forever, he'll call me certain and jagged I'll be a nice forever, he'll call me certain and jagged I'll be a nice forever, he'll call me certain and jagged 11.25.60, he'll be a cute and the bush doll is up On our website, now on earorgias.com, it's a must-believe you me Once you start playing with that, you'll be able to put it back in your pants It's a beautiful thing, and if you're something to munch on, so you can grab some of the impresses That the president keeps puking up There's an infinite supply, and it is a little slack for you And unlimited supply, just keep popping it I just had a brilliant idea, like a... Yes, it has the Spencer with his head on it That's not a bad idea, he could pop his head out of his mouth Anyway, check out, I'm looking at the new pulleys up there And we got a couple more suggestions, we got the Rose and Barn, Mike Tyson, which sounds excellent to me Which one on living person's grave other than a politician's excluded would you like to dance on? To a little Kazazki on, maybe do the twist We got the... and culture, how are David and Rush Limbao each have one I've hoated a course for Moe, because I don't want to let my buddy down You must have hoated for Rush, and then go to get But I've hoated, and who voted for Anne, Korder and Rush Limbao I'm about to vote for Rush Somebody must have hopped in there real quick, why is that just because he got drunk in Naples? Oh, you mean Rush Limbao? Although you're there 560560, now what is this? The new and improved MP3 show archives also are done Thanks Eric, you're the best baby, even though you used to be real pain in the ass Look at the way he's performed himself, how goes to show you? I'm a little peeper, oh, Riley, if Pete Rose would just take a look at our Eric up in Orlando For example, he could like rehab himself Oh, he rose doesn't want to, I'll Pete Rose wants to do a lot of books and signed autographed Facebook and Perfinella And get more money to gamble with, that's all he wants, that's what it's all about Speaking of the website, and thanks for it Jay, that's again Jason, bless your heart Jorge at wqaim.com or Jorge at nilrodgers.com Don't send an email to the wqaim website, under Niels name As if Yeah, that link is supposed to have been... It's supposed to have been removed, not the link, but the ability to email That was supposed to have been disabled to go to the wqaim website They won't do it because that requires a whole bunch of song and answer that it enables by corporate It's so stupid man, everything goes back to Bob Vermouth They have to have their hands on everything over their enables Because God forbid, we might do something like porn, a graphic, on a show Or something evil or whatever it is, you know, there's such a bunch of goody two shoes Honestly, that'll bring, we have to bring for real back just to piss them off Anyway, this is a good idea, at Pete Rose, I was thinking about this earlier That would be like piling on but why don't I not? He's a lion's sack of crap, I despise him man He was a great ball player, that's fine, you know, maybe Hitler played a violin We'll well too, I don't know I mean, everybody does something well, but in a bottom line is he's a scumbag Pete Rose So if it says, please put him on or destroy his no longer relevant, who cares? Exactly, Larry and Arcadia, good going Larry, you right, who gives a flying crap? Rose, the show, I mean, there's nothing else going on in the world, if any of you are important, right? So, oh, and the speaking of important stories, Michael Jackson, how do we turn his passport today? He'll pass a port though, oh, yeah Well, he never did make that trip to England, they didn't want them there anyway He was too busy having a party in his pants 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Ferris and Marlos line Only 8 votes on his new pool, maybe they haven't got their name on her yet, but one that they're looking for That shocks me, or maybe they're looking to find some illegal aliens that they can hire real cheap Now that they're all legal, the president's all right And this fee for millions of illegal immigrants, that's a very Republican concept New betcha, because it makes nice cheap labor for all their friends at big business So, used to be here illegally, but guess what we're gonna waive our magic wand I'm waiting here, there you go And all of a sudden illegal is legal, right? Yeah, because we like that cheap labor for all our good buddies Well, shipping the jobs overseas is more expensive than just giving them to illegal's right here Giving them a big bag away And of course it looks a lot better, like we're creating jobs Yeah, yeah, yeah 32 votes Rush Limbo, they'd like to dance on your grave Rush, pop a couple more OJ Simpson 8, more Howard David 5 I think we finally found a poll at Mulkand even compete in, you know? He's only got 5 And colder 3, he's up against some pretty stiff competition One for Pat Robertson and Nanya for Falwell, O'Reilly, Greg Reed, Howard Stern, Roseanne, Varro, Mike Tyson I guarantee there'd be some closet people in the building vote for Greg Very syrup-titiously, they know, they'll crawl around somewhere Find a computer, hop on it Now this sideways writing for a minute, this scared me, because I'm a lot to hear your bedtime stories I only wanted to on Wednesday, listen to who hate your stories I don't want to want bush-share to win, keep the pressure on his Anthony Oh, Anthony, this is from really Anthony, are you making fun? Thank you Anthony, he likes to bed time stories Well, we just can't afford to overdo it, that's a good point He brings up a point instead of bits, say the bedtime story? No, for Wednesday I don't like predictable things, that we're right on the stakes with that one to two I don't like it right Well, this hour we're going to do this, and this hour we'll have George speaking his fun You'll, and this hour we'll have Josh sitting in there picking his nose Yeah, that's Grande, yeah No, no I like being unpredictable Let's see, Larry King, that's a good one A lot of people would love to snap his suspenders as they were dancing on his grave Rosie O'Donnell, that big fat bull-like They love to dance on that piano case Rosie O'Donnell Let's see, this Carl Roe County's not elected or pointed politician Uh, Pond, now he's a politician I mean, not that I have any, what about Bob Novak? What about him? Let's stick him on there, huh? It'll aligns second crack Bob Novak Who never met a CIA agent that he didn't want to out if it was a politically good for the right way You notice that investigations really come on along good You notice that? They are really working on that feverishly Anyway, here was the first result I got bad news for a George I'm sure you probably took a point out whatever I, I guess Eric finally shmicked about a minute or two after 11 401 votes in an hour, that's not too shabby I can remember back in the early days when we used to take when we started with the website I wonder if Eric has kept those I'd love to know what we had on the first The first couple of weeks, the first month or two that we started taking polls How much have we didn't get 401 votes at a whole week, maybe No, right? Right. We get an hour now That was wrong. We get how many we get when you're on About 30 minutes? No, come on 411 votes, 226 that's 56.3% said drop the comedy bits hour Oh, Christ So like I said we got a worthy audience I just dropped it 175, those said keep playing all comedy bits in that are police 26 to 175, 56.3% to 43.6% 25, 51 vote margin Still pretty tight compared to what you thought it was going to be Because it was like 29 to 23 right off the bat In fact, what was the margin? 25, 51. So wouldn't have been for that early thing It would have been nippent up nose to nose It would have been really really tight Had it been Britney's butt Hmm There's a thought I'd find when every word is mine for the day And that guy I want to say it again, he is so freaking ugly Oh, if you say it was the butt What ears are bigger than his head? Yeah, he can't just like a bag dumbo They stick up over the top of his arm It's a little bit in a fly away But the pictures don't really do his ugly and his justice They really don't. He looks so fairly human He's loving his injustice But man, oh man, if you saw that thing on TV yesterday Whether they were actually talking about he was moving You know, like a living person It was scary He definitely was auditioning for porcise And so, you know, I still believe it was just another publicity stunt And more, you know, because he's losing out to Christine And now Christine is passing her popularity And her album isn't selling for crap And so now she's becoming like Mariah Carey Why won't anybody buy my music? Why we out? Because you can't sing That's probably a good reason Or at least she looks good as a way Mariah would have one big gigantic breast in the middle of her chest But the hammeriah, we know you're a bull by that's number one And number two, you can't sing Other than that, you're great And you're in annoying bitch on top of that Luis Miguel Styline Interesting, yeah, but you forgot about her acting Yeah, that's really good I'm almost tempted to put her on that list You know, I'm gonna put her on the list, Mariah Carey She won't get any votes And I can't change my vote now, but I'm putting her on her anyway She bugs me Amariah, I'll do a little tap dance on your grave I'll be the one Roch has got 27 politicians excluded What well known living person's grave Would you love to dance on? Roch 27, OJ15, Pat Robertson 11 And Colter 10, Moe is only got nine I told ya, he's in a minor leagues when it comes to discrowd Jerry Falwell 5, Bill O'Riley 3, Greg Reeds got two Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha Nice going Oh man, I bet your Josh was one of those Just a joke, just a joke, I just calm down I know he needs the job, it's just a joke I think he did it Greg Reeds got two, Rozan, Bar 1, My Tyson One, My Tyson, one, Pete Rose, one Maybe Bina Boy's sneak back in and he voted Oh, yeah Howard Stern, Larry King, Rose, you're Donald Bob Millback Don't have any other of the first 85 votes Well, there is some heavy duty stuff going on here, you know what And don't forget to go to even if you don't Even just like that one guy if you don't care about our bedtime stories on the website If you don't want to read him, you do your two stupid or your two Much too smart for us, you already know all that stuff Still go on there and take a look at that bush thing Man, that is so beautiful That is even the bush lickers Well, except the ones who don't have any sense of humor Like I said, the bush people won't like it Because they don't have any sense of humor I mean, when it came to the Clinton's man, Raul Gorgor You know, nothing was too good We couldn't play all the Clinton bits enough time So he can laugh at our own people And believe me, they deserve it Like wouldn't Al Gore for example Or Philandering Bubba, all of these things Ted, Drunken Ted Kennedy We can laugh at our own people But boy, if you make fun of it, we're public and we're... That's just respectful, Neil You're partisan, yeah And as far as those people are concerned, screw them Anyway, this Honest W. Lying Action Figure It's just a beautiful thing I'm so motivated to actually get my little speaker over here So I could play the... Yeah, keeping the pretzels out And every time you press the... See, it's got like a stoplight It's got blue, green, red, and yellow buttons And every time you press the button, like if you want to hear a lie from the president Yeah, there's one Or if you want to say something stupid It's free and secure and peaceful Iraq A P.N.S. Prince That's what I get to ask you That's what I get to ask you That's what I get to ask you A P.N.S. Prince, this is what we all have been hoping for All of our lives as a P.N.S. Prince Or if you want to change the outfit he's wearing From that T.I. George, there you go To prison George To... I like the streets as a jacket there The straight jacket won't hurt I'm sure it's not passionate With the cinch sack strats And then of course there's the one with that brush brother So he looks like Greg Reed Or if you want to see him choking on the pretzel There you go But the good news is he spits him out Why, I didn't realize That whatever Garb you have him in He still has that on When he's puking off the pretzel Oh yeah You got to see this baby Try it You'll be playing with it all day And then I'm busting too My life and law This is 42565 Away, away, yeah I'd... The wonderful video of Raw It's Roy at the VT-T They said I was right The tape of it But I wanted it to happen It's dead It's fun, keep on You want to see up, we come from from from from Oh, I'm going to put the tape of a Roy Oh boy, it's now here Now Raw Hey, come on Raw 1117 at 560 WQA I got a great idea Please, we had so many Almost 45% of the audience out there Wanted to keep the one and two coming to the summer Okay, I'm thinking like maybe One wins the a month Like maybe the first wins the of each month It's just it just a jerk I'm just kidding It's just a joke It's gone Kiss it goodbye Bobcins would say Kiss it goodbye We enjoyed it I thought it was fine It was a lot of fun Sure I was totally walking out of the room or something There's screwing off or going lunch early on that way To chew it like trying to put together a bunch of stuff That we thought would amuse you Us and stuff like that But they don't like that If you're too much of a good thing 37 say Rush Limbo They'd love to dance on your grave rush Oh god What a party we could have We could all be poppin Whatever you like Whatever poisoning like We'd be in ecstasy On J Simpson 21 11. 11. 11. 11. 11. 11. 11. 11. 11. 11. 11. 11. 11. 11. 11. 11. 11. 11. 11. 11. 11. 11. 11. 11. 11. 11. 11. 11. 11. 11. 11. 13. 11. 11. 15. 11. 11. 11. 11. 3 Howard Steering Rose Ann Bar and Pete Rose 2 apiece Bob Novak 1 and none yet for Larry King How do you like that? No, not for Larry. No, no, no, no. asshole. You're gonna pay back those people, Larry? No. 11-18 at 5-60 WQM so we can add a whole bunch of names to this list. It's one that we really enjoy. We'd like dancing on some people's grave would be fun. Like I said, it don't do funerals by do make an exception. I will go and visit the old tombstone. Especially for somebody. Absolutely. You all know in despise. WQA and Hello. No, no, no, no, no, no. I didn't make an exception. 2-A in. No, why can't I invoke up? Why can't I invoke up, okay? Hello. Oh, it's up dude. How you doing sir? I'm about to fish him it. The fisherman? Yeah. He's a little bit of a clown on his face. Yeah, I wouldn't mind dancing on his grave, but nobody members who that was. I don't even know what his name is. I don't want to give you any more publicity. Let's dance on the fisherman's grave. What are you saying? Yeah, I'm about Maurice Grease As. 5-670560. Pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon. See now it is, it's going to be interesting because they wanted us to Schmidt-Kand to wanted to our on Wednesdays. But, and especially since we're doing screenless all this year, it's going to be really interesting to see if they have like any material. Because if not, I have to resort to like all my good stuff here. Like Robert's sheer Lord knows what Robert's in wants. All penguins very lemutium is the rest of the season for our four hockey fans out there. Bad news for that already on Dets store franchise, the Pittsburgh penguins. What is the point? Is there any point in them continuing? Oh. They got no money. They got no points. They scored no goals. They give up Schmidt-Lodegouls here again. They're pathetic. Nobody goes to see him anymore. And Mario is out for the season. He's got that hip pointer. He had whatever the hell it is. He tried therapy. We had, but he's going to have to have arthroscopic surgery on his hip January 13. And he can't keep back in a lap. His left hip flexor muscle. He's not retiring. So in other words, there will still be another one of those retirement tours like we've already had. How many of those we have for Mario? About 30 minutes. Right. As great as he is, it's getting a little bit pondress. But he's up for the season no more Mario for all you. And when fans poor Mike Lane, and he's probably suicidal at this point. Probably wants to jump out of the booth. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T in Verizon. Wireless line. Jim Manich of two, the Mad Dog's back this way. Oh, right. Bad news is though, if you tuned it late, the Humper is illin. He's got the bad flu. He's got the flu in the cramps and the whatever it goes with it. And so the booster will be on again 4 to 645, luckily for Boogitsa short shift. Because you got Hurricane Warmup, 645, Hurricane's in North Carolina, basketball, 7 to 5 tonight. How many people be listening to that? I'm good man. Any K after the basketball game, Joe and Mark with their highly popular show overnight. And then after that, God only knows. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. This line too is a little bit strange too. Why is it that when I punch those up to Dileto and sound like so hollow? Was there a reason for that? It is a different strange sounding tone. Yeah, lately it's been a sabotage, I think. Probably the CIA tap. Probably Becktail didn't something about it. WDQAM, hello. Yeah, I'll be there. Yes sir. Hey, how's it going? All right. All right. Hey, sign over. All right. I don't know if you saw that Sunday. And the series has their semesters, women shoot. And in the corner of the ad on each picture of the show, it says security friendly and it's got a little airplane on it. Yeah. That's great. Don't you love it? I do love it. All right, I'll see you around then. I'll see you around the series man. Good boy. I quit wearing them pump those pumps. Anyway, that's great. Security friendly. We got like a little little thing. You know, that inspires me for a whole line of products. Yeah. Right through the clothes that you can see all the way through. So they can see that you're not hiding anything. Uh-huh. Just totally. They just come up when they do have those machines where they like, and they're going to say, well, you know, we've tried everything else. And it just doesn't work. They're still getting all these instruments through. And so we're just going to have those X-ray machines. They got them. They have them. They've got them. They're just not using me because they know that people are going to start getting into brawls and fist fights. I'm honest. Yeah, I mean, when I walk through there and they stare like laughing. I mean, you know, and saying, you call that a penis? Well, you saw about the show. You know, you got a barrier. 560, 50560, pound, 560 on the, oh, it's speaking of products. I mentioned yesterday and I got sidetracked. Not that it's a big deal because I don't know that much about them. But I was so shocked and seeing that somebody spot with the Atkins. Oh, I probably saw that. Yes. Yeah. And they got like the Atkins symbol there. See, now that he's croaked, you're right. All those people inherited his outfit. There is a money machine right now. They're really cranking it up big time. So you're going to be atkins to death pretty soon. I'm telling you that. So you're going to have Atkins come out of your ass because especially, especially these those bars. Oh, but yeah, and they got raps. Now what I'm curious about is what do they wrap it with? Because the wraps have got to have like carbs in it because it's like a form of like a tortilla. It's a brown, right? It's a brown, right? It grain. So I'm really curious what that's all about. They look okay. They look pretty good. It's pretty good. It's pretty good. It's pretty good. It's pretty good. Rush Limbaugh 47 people were like to dance on your grave so far. Rush, they love it. OJ Simpson 31. Anne-Coder 20. Pat Robertson 17 is tied with Moe, the two of them that can't separate him with the shoehorn. Jerry Falwell 9, Bill O'Reilly 7, Greg Reed 5. Rosie 4, Mike Tyson 3. Two for Howard Spurham. Two for Rosanne Bar. One for a two for Pete Rose. One for Bob Novak and none yet for Mariah Carey. Four for Larry King out of 180 boats. How many QAM? Happy Wednesday, not there. How many QAM? Hello Neil. Yes sir. How are you doing? Pretty good. I think I got one for your pole. All right? You know that bitch that went up to she bust all those kids up then. Tell her how she did. See, jab and he wasn't even there. She always wears a stupid hat. No. I don't know her name. I thought she's called. Yeah. Yeah. Well, man, maybe somebody will know her name. I haven't got any idea who you're talking about or what. Yeah, she was really stupid hat. She bust all those kids up and there. He wasn't even there. Somebody will know, man. All right. Thanks. Anybody knows the bitch that wears the stupid hat that bust a bunch of kids up to see the governor. Please call him. Do that guy? He did that thing. Remember that? Yeah. Oh yeah. I know the one. I used to wear those pointed shoes. I was like, I'm not going to stop and I had to let her on the bottom. He used to wear white bucks. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon marvelous line. I think one of the things we ought to ban is any more discussion on this radio station about Pete Rose. I don't know what I'm hearing. What? Sorry. I mean, Joe Rose is fine, but Pete Rose is banned. No moss, Tomas. No moss, so what is Pete Rose crap? Okay. Thanks, was right. Talk about old news, talk about Stale Halibond. Enough already with that asshole. You're a liar. You're a scumbag. We are never going to talk to you about you again until we got some good material on you. Pizza crat. What are? Oh. This makes my skin crawl. Now, over the years, there were some interesting people that came to Pompanopark. Jackie Gleason used to go there and sit up right by the window in the clubhouse. And demand to be left alone, which I don't blame him. He was a big harness racing fan. And then one night, Kenny Rogers was there, set like I read it across for me. Yeah. But you know, this is okay. We don't have anything against him. No, no, no, no, probably not. So he liked Pompanopark. See, makes sense. Can you check it? In Jim Leeland, the former manager to Marlon, set behind me. Seven table right behind me. He liked to plunge a little bit here and there. But it does. We're good guys. You know, I mean, just because somebody isn't sports doesn't mean that they don't like to go to the ponies here every now and in. Right? Right. Even like gay Edgar Hoover, he liked it. And the races, too. Well, how'd you like to have a scan like that? These, these to give them all the info on fixed races. And if he lost, they would reimb... With a reimbursed and bruised ticket. Hey, a thick fine burger, stable for a listen to Pompato Park. When I come back to town, I want that kind of a deal. I'm going to plunge my guts out. The only thing is if I lose, I want my money back. I would love that kind of a deal. 27 past 11 at 5, 60 WQM. If your cars got problems, baby, just don't trust it to any stranger from the phone book or anybody in the news paper because. You only know what they're going to do to it. Take it to people you can really trust and other stuff inside and out. EF tire and auto repair. You'll find mid 50 83 North Federal Highway, just a mile and a half north of Samparoid in Pompato Beach. And EF tire and auto repair experienced the difference that experience makes because they we know there's stuff. All EF mechanics are certified technicians, ASC certified, Current with all the latest technology and most of them with the EF team for almost 20 long amazing years. The EF team has got over 200 combined years of experience. And no job is to bigger two smallity, if from a blown fuse to a blown engine from a 73 to a 04 Bentley to one of those real spiffy new 05 Corvettes all bent. Do you think I got to get one of those? Sure, why not get two. EF tire and auto repair does it all. All job meticulously double checked for accuracy by the shop. Forman and every car is cleaned upon completion of the work. EF taught us most extended warranties and offers you while your way to service are most repairs. And if you mentioned Bob Eisenberg, when you go into the left there and saw. EF turned auto repair there at 53 North Federal Highway in Pompano Beach, call 9-5-4-4-2-6-9926. That's 9-5-4-4-2-6-9926. We're sure to ask about their 90-day same as Cash to interest credit card when you talk to our friends at EF as well. EF turned auto repair nationally recognizes one of the most successful auto repair facilities anywhere in the entire US of A. EF turned to model ways nobody cares more and nobody works harder to earn your business. EF!" EF!" But H.U. Coming up tonight, on inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story, they rocketed up the pop charts. When their song got played on an episode of Family Ties, Jesus discussed a zero-fxxx trip credibility. They were Billy Vera and the beaters. Do you think I would kill at this moment? Oh my god, who could forget that classic episode of Family Ties when Alice and Alan dance to that song? I know I'll never forget it! I also know I'm so gay! This reaction was typical of the 80s geeks who spoke to us about their favorite show. But how does Billy Vera feel about achieving fame through a one-time shot on a sitcom? Oh my god, who could forget that classic episode of Family Ties when Alice and Alan dance to that song? I know I'll never forget it! Wait, why are you looking at me like that? The song, at this moment, was actually recorded six years before game popularity on Family Ties. Why the delay in the song success? Well, I didn't want to change the original name of the band! I wanted to be cutting edge. Under pressure from this record label, Billy finally called his band The Beaters. Yeah, I regretted to this day. I thought Billy Vera and the compulsive master-baiters had a really bitch and feel to it. Inside the behind it, I hope to contact the now famous stars of Family Ties to ask about their impressions of Billy and the hand jobs. Did, beaters. But Michael J. Fox, Courtney Cox, and justine Baitman refused to talk to us. Team and others, however, needed the money. What the f*** song you're talking about? I don't remember any song! Once you've got a pay me and be a you***, souls! Billy Vera and the beaters. If Team and others has forgotten you, you're pretty much done. It's a big, juicy, shopping went look at show business. Tonight, uninsigned behind. By the 33-27 till noon, the mad dog got to the booster for the ailing hunker for the loaded for the Sanctanoon. We're gonna keep our eye in that situation. Get yourself straight now, Hank. Okay. I don't do funerals. Rush Limbolo, unless it's there to like dance on the grave as soon as they put the thing in the ground. Rush 59, 0J 37, and quarter 24, mole Howard David 21, that Robertson 21, Jerry Falwell 12 and Bill or Riley 10, everybody else small pathetic single digits. 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T, and Verizon line in a minute or two. I got an article. Remember the call we had yesterday that was given me a song that ends about. Well, you know, if you're gonna, I read that great column by William Rivers' pit about Bush New. Yeah. And then this asshole said, well, if you're gonna read that, well, how come I'm a Clinton didn't do anything out of y'all? Of course, we try to tell him what really happened in those eight years, but he might be better by the truth. But this article by Tom Hartman and Common Dreams.org says it's so well. He's an award-winning bestselling author both nonfiction books and novels, including two that were optioned for Hollywood production, Tom Hartman, and no relation to Mary. I'll get to it. Tell me to QAN. Horde here. I want to talk to the man. The man? The man. My talk to the man, dog. The humpman. The humpman? The humpman? I'd like to vote. The big- Oh, go ahead, sir. Go ahead ahead. Rick, such as. Oh, Rick Sanchez is excellent. He'll do well. Thank you. Thank you so much. Bush's crashes. Was that all this? That was him, wasn't it? That sounded just like him. He sounded like he had a Peter Butter Nano sandwich right in his post. Rick Sanchez, a lot of people would like to dead. They don't want to watch your TV show Rick, but they'd love to then send your grave. And by the way, the guy you're hitting front of the state of me still dead. You know, something... I don't know if you've ever done that pool. That's a pool that comes to mind for like tomorrow. Set. The most dislike... Now I guess we've done that. Local media... Yeah. I don't think we have done that. The most dislike local media person of all time. I don't think we've done that. Because I'm thinking of Greg Boudell. Ooh. So I know we haven't done that. Well, the woman's done it. We've done... What? You can work on the list tonight because you'll know all these names. Oh yeah. And then what do we do tomorrow? Put them. Let them. I'm trying to give you a little instruction here. Okay. Don't make the whole list up ahead of time. And you're going to be sitting, twiddling your thumbs for four hours. Talkin' to... Shambha? You know that. That's all you're going to have. Don't, you know. Like today. I started out with one name. And now we got two, four, six, eight, ten, twelve, fourteen, sixty. And now we got eighteen. And still long way to go. Say? I start with one. You stuck one on there. And then their audiences, they got to feel constructive like they're doing something. If you tune it late by the way, speaking of constructive, a very, very significant day in the history of this radio station and this program. And you can bet your bottom dollar that muffin clearance, even though they both took chicken schmitt to say it. They're delighted that we're not doing that one or two comedy bits. You know. And also Greg. Oh, he's too stupid to understand it. But I guarantee it. They're pretty happy about it. Oh gee. All the money were paid. It's an hour a week. We only have four hours as a five days a week. Yeah. I got news for it when you get to be 100 years old like me. Just be glad you can sit down here and your teeth are still in your mouth. God. There is nothing worse than getting old. Okay. There's something. Yeah. I'll tell you. I think it was worse than getting old. That's not getting old. I mean. Stop being getting old. Yeah. Stop in a clock a little bit abruptly. Not too good. Just as Johnny Cash. Well, he got old. 225 votes on a poll. Russel embossed 64 OJ 41 and quarter 25. Mo and Pat Robertson. You can't separate a man. They're neck and neck. No, it's Denose. Absolutely. 21 of peace. Good to Q.A.M. Hello. Yeah. No. No. You see what I mean about your people man. Yeah. How many chalupas? He's been sucking on too many chalupas. That guy. W.R. Or were those pop. Oh, this. Wally pops. What was that? Yeah. I got to have a couple of tubes. Two for tubes. W Q.A. Hello. Yes, sir. I got a good name for you. Okay. The biggest loser going to your w. Politicians excluded sir. Let me say it again. What well known living person's grave. What do you love the dance on politics excluded? Let me say it again. Let me explain it. I'm sure the sky will. I'm sure the sky will. I'm sure the sky will. I'm sure the sky will. I'm sure the sky will. I'm sure the sky will. I'm sure the sky will. I'm sure the sky will. I'm sure the sky will. I'm sure the sky will. I'm sure the sky will. I'm sure the sky will. I'm sure the sky will. I'm sure the sky will. I'm sure the sky will. I'm sure the sky will. I'm sure the sky will. I'm sure the sky will. I'm sure the sky will. I'm sure the sky will. I'm sure the sky will. I'm sure the sky will. I'm sure the sky will. I'm sure the sky will. I'm sure the sky will. I'm sure the sky will. I'm sure the sky will. I've sure the sky will. I've sure the sky will. I'm sure the sky will. I'm sure the sky will. I'm sure the sky will. Let me know the sky. Not so interested in this planet. Andre. We did another great good day. But pretty easy. The sky will. I'll do it. Oh. Right now. Now I stepped in. I've really missed some dots on the floor. There. He did it. This is a fabulous thing. Okay, talk about keeping people off the streets because I'm really good time I'll believe you me once you get started with this thing you won't be able to stop It's more fun than your penis. I guarantee of that 560505050 is Rick Sanchez got as the owner yet. I didn't look He's got a vote already you just wait man. He's gonna make a move You'll see you'll be able to smell it right where you're sitting Can you imagine Rick Sanchez farting it just dawned on you? Oh, God really never did until now. Oh, holy moly. I don't know why it is But they're just certain people the only person who I think who might emit even more fragrant aroma would be it would have been senior crews That big bull-dike that drag queen whatever it was. Can you imagine senior put in a big one in the elevator? Hmm I did that yesterday my luck. I punch up the elevator. I'm hoping I hope nobody's on there nice young lady Is on here at all. Well, I mean it was just it was just like the vapor trails the end as end of it So to speak you know the rest of it. I left in the hallway But I'm sure I brought some on there with me with some hanging out Yeah, it was hanging in the end and she just didn't look quite a very politely But I could see her nose like scratching up a little bit 21 till noon at 560WQAM Let me tell you about a place where you'd never great time Pete rose used to go there Had a big pile of bills stacked up on is a table or hundred dollar bills and he was still an asshole trust me Hey, I knew horse racing fans and poker players Pompano park racing in card room is got all the plunging action you want and it's all legal to look at it Just a half mile from both I-95 and the Florida turn pipe. Pompano park is easy to get to invest Of all Pompano park features free admission and free general parking every day You can plunge and don greater till your wallet is empty. I've harness racing in the poker room Open every Monday Wednesday Thursday Friday and Saturday Like poker starts at noon noon to midnight and live racing gets underway nightly 705 five nights a week including tonight Every Monday night there is two per twenty five dollar dinner specials in the top of the park restaurant on the sixth floor Every Wednesday night. It's dollar night in Pompano park for dollar draft beers So does hot dollars and lots more every Thursday night. It's ladies night of track two for one during specials just for the ladies Also where we night at the fourth floor players room. There's a 795 played in dinner special Also there be a special tribute on Monday January 19th on remart and Luther King Jr With one race featuring African American drivers only plus the annual Lou Williams Memorial race now I will be there for that and I hope that fat rich is listening right now because when the drivers from Cleveland for example When Randy tarps is driving and if he wins that race don't say the schmoo beat me out It's not a good idea Pompano park is also open seven days and nights a week featuring the best and hardest ever in how I action From all across North America feet of watch and plunger guts out Pompano park a block south of the landing put a rod on powerline road for the current race scheduling go online Pompano park dot com or make that call nine five four nine seven two two thousand don't forget poker starts at noon today post time for the first live race 705 two night at Pompano park Up the button Next we ride the food move I descend on my enemy When they blend right in and pay a special surprise visit to my drive Inual to What do you think nothing for us to do here? Looks fine, fellas. Let's go. Wait a second. What's that? Uh-huh I remember slow blow up all of a no-fed you before. Oh, I forgot to put that away Nothing really it's just the blow up thought in the arodges. It's all too much Hi, and are a lady boy It's long for you for 16 till noon. I'm reading this so from Hector and Miami Yeah, because I'm having a hard time with your new pool can't decide who's grave. I like to dance So I'm thinking about it. I could start weathering off name after name of every suffocatingizing person Who opposed themselves on our lives out of regular bases to wit Madonna Pompacetalacinid bitch. We want to put Madonna on there. She sent too many other pools. Okay Michael Jacko. Oh, yeah Michael Jack's not a beyond there. She's enough Michael Jack's not a beyond a hill zoom up that list How about Anna Nicole And in the coal is good Okay, I'm right and and that's his Michael's stif Michael stif Trying to impose this political views and believes he has to do so simply because he's written the song or two What kind of crap is that Hector? Well, we can see where Hector's coming from Moby see Michael's style so I was anybody who's the left of it till I'm a hum can't the right music and can't throw a single song I guess everybody's got to be like what's his name you Toby Keith right and while I'm at it How about Hanoi Jane and the slip-ted turnaround there while we're at it see same well a handaway Jane with turn now Right by the way. What yeah nice pattern actor. Yeah Then he says I think you can see where I'm going with this I'll let you decide which of any of these folks You I see where you're going way off to the right Hector grab on real tight You're gonna fall off the right end of the earth because it is flat PS add-done king for trying to act as a philanthropist with his stupid line and Loderdale His line isn't in Loderdale by the way Hector another mistake. It's in Palm Beach Loderdale's another bunch of goofballs What a great back sector not Oh Sure, that can be improvements on that I know I mean oh, yeah here you go But it's as good Miss Fudge Let's get mad drudge on there for sure We don't want to get the what's your name all upset your close girlfriend the Lynn Samuels Oh the self-hating fact miss Fudge the mom of the creamy center where it says You'll as isn't the way you have to sense self-sense of this pull a sad commentary Well, I mean it's just it's just a question of you know using some common sense The way we have to sense your everything like that kind of lesive, but is very very sad But you know you either can do the things that you know you have to do or you can get yourself fired and be off the air and be out on the street I mean that that's what it boils down to I'm not saying I subscribed to it like they got it wanted to get into a long-sought of that's about the effort in the FCC Just the way it is man you do your best to try to change things But you still have to operate with in the you know like if you're out on the highway and you say oh I think this road is so big and expansive I think the speed limit here ought to be 90. I'm gonna go 90. All right See how come you pulled me over It says the choice everybody wants can it not never even be spoken for fear of the Goon squad kicking in the door Personally, I think it would be a bad choice. We'd still get dicked anyway, but I'd like to live in a country I could speak my mind like you do Hey, oh Look at this list. Oh, this you know, this is from this is from a bill who writes like one more to the time isn't it? Arthur Was it really from Arthur? Well, I think must be a copying bills techniques Sean Hannity we're gonna put all these on there. Let's not now Carl wrote what well why not not all we have to put Barbara bush on it That's bad Carl roe of his political New King which is a politician lower-ingra him is okay She's a bitch George Willis okay dick Morris He's how would you categorize him because now he's just a funky. I don't know now don't put him on there. I'll ain't North is good and G Gordon Litty You're not gonna put any of those other ones on there. This is G Gordon Litty and they don't come any worse than Neil Rogers The way and save your Mustang Yeah, Sean Hannity lower-ingra him George will all you know if you go in lady because if we're gonna put an encoder in this budget on there You can put some other right-wing assholes on there too and dance on their graves. What do you say? Okay? Okay? See that that facts about fuel. I mean talk about you know beating a dead horse Not that I didn't appreciate hearing about it, but is it any surprise? No, he's just totally sold out Totally sold out how much? How much? 100% no, but I mean how much do you think it took to buy him? Oh, I don't I don't think it has to do with that. I think it's it's You know, maybe maybe he perceives that to be what he's being pressured You see what I'm saying? Would he channel and a whole lot drifted the way things are going? Being the quizzling that he is anyway 271 votes on a pool none from Mariah Carey that pisses me off. I wish I could change my vote 275 like I said misdraged went on there and a cool Smith went on and Michael Jackson and Mariah Not that many votes yet, but no back one it liked to dance on his grave and take a leak while we're doing it Or something even more exciting Rick Sanchez too. They're a king two-peat rose to Rose and Bar 3 Howard Stern five Mike Tyson six Greg Reads got eight I am so glad we put him on there man A man who is just a scooted up so badly so much But the techs he clearing thank you very much Greg Rosio Donald 10 Billarali and Jerry Fudr Billarali 12 fall while 17 I see most pulled away from him Pat Robertson 25 That's what we was tied with right? But Moe is edge to head with 27 you can't keep up with Moe Absolutely and quarter 28 OJ Simpson 47 and Rush Limbaugh Bill popping champion of Palm Beach County Please got 80 man and he's gonna pop them all before a noon You think I got time to be dessert for me for the break yes A fistful of Kryptonite against Super George by Tom Hartman This is the response to the call yesterday. It was trying to feed us that crap about Clinton did nothing about terrorism In the season of blockbuster movies It's useful to remember that one of the first lessons aspiring novelists and three writers learners that the goodness of a hero is defined by a single quality the badness of his opponent from Superman's Lex Luthor to Batman's Joker to Indiana Jones Nazis To Luke Skywalker's Darth Vader for a hero to be perceived as larger than life He must have a larger than life enemy If Frodo for example had been forced to do battle with the supernatural powers of the ring and its minions history With merely a vine of boring travel law But with an army of supernaturally brilliant evil and powerful opponents Frodo had the opportunity to display his extraordinary Inter courage and resourcefulness qualities he didn't even realize he had to live or called forth by the peril of an awesome evil This is a lesson that was not lost on Carl Rover George W. Bush if they could recast George is the opponent of a powers great as the ring Then the rather ordinary W can become the extraordinary super George rising from his fastfulness to prevail over the supernatural powers of evil Bill Clinton had a similar chance but passed on it for the good of America in the world when been Lawden attacked us in the 1990s several times and an attempt to raise his own statue in the Islamic world Bill Clinton doubled Osama like the criminal he was He enlisted Interpol in the police and investigative agencies of various nations wrote in our best intelligence agents and Missed been Lawden and a misalanced assassination attempt by a scant 20 minutes bringing derisive house from Republicans that he was trying to wag the dog and He flipped attention away from the monarchy investigations As Clinton left office he and the CIA were tightening the new sun bin Laden and his national security advisors sent He burger told me that when he briefed his successor Condolee is a rice He told her to put bin Laden and al-Qaeda at the top of her priority list and thus finished the job Plin administration had nearly completed Ah As we know when rice runs failed Cheney Bush at all find a came up with the priorities for the new administration Al-Qaeda had been replaced by task cuts for Bush's rich donors on the alis and didn't even appear on the beelist Thus came 911 despite warnings given to the president August 6, 2001 that in the immediate future Al-Qaeda intended the hijacked commercial plane to use them to attack east coast targets Bush apparently took the warning Seriously Ashcroft immediately stopped flying on commercial aircraft and Bush moved to Texas for longest vacation in history the American presidency and even when that was over He preferred Florida to target listed Washington DC In the days after the 911 attacks America had the sympathy of the world and the place that intelligence agencies have even normally hostile nations Oper to help us track down and bring to justice it perpetrators Moila Omar of Afghanistan offered to arrest bin Laden our behalf and turn them over to a Western nation for prosecution Muslims all over the world were horrified at the actions of one of their own a fundamentalist term criminal and murderer It would have been so easy to accept Omar's off or bring in bin Laden Dismodal of training camps and tracked down the attendees and sponsors and laws in international effort that this is simple and render impotent al-Qaeda It probably could have been done in a year or less given the intensity that were what empathy for the citizens of America and the many other nations whose people died in the World Trade Center over 500 American soldiers would still be alive and thousands wouldn't have lost arms legs and eyes Over 40,000 innocent Afghans and Iraqis would also still be alive But Carl Rove knew that George W. Bush had a problem and saw bin Laden as the solution Bush hadn't defeated Al Gore Ferran Square and was seen by most Americans as a spoiler and illegitimate leader as soon as the details of his proposed to Plicide who to economics had depressed the markets went into a nose dive and already there was to recirculating in the media his co-scivrelationship of corrupt oil burns like Kenny Lay and the secret energy meetings in the spring of 2001 Before 911 in which Taney Lay and others in the oil industry were apparently carving up the oil fields of Iraq Bush insured with seen as a buffoonish pretender and ineffectual manager in a cell out to dig oil out their scandal written industries He was the butt of late night jokes a former college cheerleader a dry drum Concephal intended by pretzels and inside trader a small man on the national and international stage George W. Deskley needed his own Lex Luther if he was to reinvent himself as Superman Rove and Bush realized that if they simply branded Osama's decriminal thought that he was the leader of an obscur Islamic mafia with fewer than 20,000 serious members they wouldn't have the super villain they needed for George W. Bush to be seen as a superhero If Bush only authorized a police act need miss a gold of opportunity to position himself as the battle commander of the war against evil incarnate And so began the big the building of the mythos Osama as evil genius Osama as worldwide mastermind even Osama's the anti-Christ The general boy can remind of us so candidly Even though Osama's almost certainly dead or badly disabled otherwise we'd see him on the video He's so up to use before Torabora Bush get a fortified knowledge that retain his Superman pose George must continue to have a kryptonite equipped foe If the remnants of al Qaeda try to pull our strings by increasing chatter about particular flights for example We must hyper react with many press conferences and televised appearances by Tom Ridge every action must be trumpeted We must keep terror alerts on the screens of TV's nation wide as long as possible We must remind people that George the good is battling the one-true dragon so that we knew his sacred mission for another four years For George to remain super George throughout his term of office and us to pull the country behind him for an FDR size transformation of the nation on behalf of his corporate masters George needs to wore everybody's huge as FDR's WWE 2 and that requires Osama to be as big as Hitler in the minds of the Americans Thus Richard Pearlwison is worthless and hyperbolic new book and end to evil. There is no middle way for Americans. It is victory or Holocaust Pearl romance although hisilt fought pletons attacks on Vid Laden that terrorists attacked and murdered Americans in East Africa in Yemen and Saudi Arabia America we spotted these active wars if they were ordinary crimes You conveniently leaves out the largest attack of all on Reagan's watch and Lebanon Which led Reagan to simply fold our tents and leave these were active war or Pearl and from agree are argue But there is no nation that he has attacked us these criminal acts were perpetrated by Islamic mafia that no more Represent the imposter opinions of the majority of the world's Muslims than Timic they represented the majority of Americans questions This archetypal formation of George W. Bush from spoiled rich pretended to the presidency into the Cape wealth flight suited George super George the fender of all things good and right has a powerful impact on American people and Roe hopes to write a victory in 2004 But there's a weakness in it which the Democrats can use to stop pushes them a go-jick PR machine and outgoing destruction of American democracy Howard Dean was the first to raise a fistful of Kryptonite against super George when he suggested we should Internationalize the efforts efforts against al-Qaeda and involve more police agencies Dean's speeches especially a speech on foreign policy make clear that while he realizes the very real danger Al-Qaeda represents he also knows that Bush's superhero go-it-alone Pateries is doing us and democracy itself more harm than good To the extent the Democrats can demithalize the mythologized bin Laden. They'll the prime bush of his superhero costume Bin Laden is wretched criminal must become part of a lexicon of the democratic worldview Osama bin Laden may well be a sociopath and a criminal, but he doesn't have supernatural Proportions and we only empower him in the eyes of other Muslims by crediting them to him if his weapons are potentially more lethal lethal than past terrorist It's a testament to the technology of the weapons not to the power of Osama and if God forbid He's successful in pulling off another conspicuous attack against America or Americans It's critical at a course of rational voices in America immediately to find him as a criminal call for criminal prosecutions as your Pination does successfully used against their terrorist opponents and work to bring worldwide poll police agencies into the hunt Who must repeatedly remind you American people that a horrific crime not an act of war was inflicted upon us on 911 Like the crimes of the IRA against the citizens of Britain the crimes in November 712. Terrorists group against Greece the crimes of the red brigades against Italy It'll be best be fought by investigators intelligence operatives and the highly effective web of police agencies that stretch across the world Although less filled with shock and awe these able people can bring alchemy justice without further elevating Bin Laden or extending his reach in influence by recasting Bin Laden from super villain and away banal criminal We weaken support for him around the world and we also Deflate the heroic super George action figure in the minds of average Americans allowing more rational statesmen and women to bring this great nation back to the peace We held throughout so much at last half of the 20th century Pretty good article by Tom Hartman common beams that are good I went constantly Someone I beg your pardon. I said I liked it a lot good 158 at five 60 WKM more timing a little on a raspy side by what timing huh Interest diabetic that's something that goes down good. It's truly a delicious meal replacement drink It just happens to be made for people living with diabetes But anybody wants to cut down their intake of sugar can drink it and enjoy it too Interest diabetic sweetened with splendor which has made from sugar so there's no nasty Ectatized like you would ask for tame and saccharine recommended by doctors and die tissons for people who can't sacrifice proper nutrition Just because they be in a hurry and to rest diabetic is a completely balanced nutritional supplement Providing you with all the essential vitamins of minerals needed for a healthy life plus vibrant antioxidants yet It's low-insaturated fat and cholesterol also gluten and lactose free and eight ounce can provide you with 237 calories of easily that just in nutrition So try and arrest diabetic once and you'll never go back to whatever kind of crap you were drinking before In fact the makers are so sure gonna love and arrest diabetic that given away free full-size samples in vanilla and chocolate flavors Then anybody who calls their toll free number one eight six six three six eight thirty seven thirty nine or fast-read order for yourself On their website at www.interest diabetic.com just click on free samples Come that meal sent you for the delicious one and get an additional free gift and you can also purchase an arrest diabetic all around town at public's Logreens, Eckards Navarro Sardano CVS other local pharmacies again for your free sample call tool free one eight six six three six eight thirty seven thirty nine There's a more how it's a day, but you're using funny other rape of it is that type smokers both a one hour Hey kids coming to a toy store near you Retail toys brings you the new Paris Hilton Barbie she's blonde tall and dumb and come to their very own digital video camera You'll have hours of fun video taking Paris Barbie having sex with boyfriend can and because the Paris Hilton Barbie Come to the digital camera. It's just a simple step to upload your video onto the internet You could be the first kid on your block to share those sexual encounters with your friends like could be more fun Paris Hilton Barbie in toy stores now if it's retail It's swell To a five sixty WQM happy Wednesday to you. I'm taking a look at that dishonest W thing. What a nice going Eric What oh, he also says check your email about those polls stats you wanted Really really well, and just is almost more stuff here than I can handle it's almost enough to make me think I got to do that one to two hour one last time I'm not just kidding folks just kidding So these let me see Let me just try this out, okay From our actual website Huh Oh wait a music oh I see it's loading now. It's got a load Yes Drop in a big load Got a load first then after that you can play with it all day long and a buttons too You Exciting outfits first press and andHost state support the budgetigan Stones names got weapons Masha's Russians with us ain't his threat to America RAID FIRE PULIN SLEETS YOU SPLIT BELICTIONS NUMBERS Today the world is safe. WALKER AND ALMOST WITH KEEP OUR PROMISTER TO STORY FOR RADS OF PEOPLE. And the RAID TENESAL PICIAN IS TRARDED TO MISS PORESTAL SONTER IN THE WORLD. And when we talk about war, we're really just in the past piece. What is a better expression not included? Oh, I hear coming to buttons now. That's right. They're running pretzels. Oh, you people have pain in the ass. All you people have pain in the ass. A little kids out there want to keep them off the streets and keep busy today. This would be perfect for them. Okay, keep them press it. And the buttons too. Keep them press it in. Yeah. Keep them pressing them. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T. Let's get back to the important stuff. Of course. And all those illegal immigrants who have come in illegally, who are now legal. Poof, wave that magic wand again. Okay. There we go. All of a sudden, now you're kosher. Even if reading cheeseburgers here is kosher. An inspiration for the people that wait online and fill out all their paperwork and subject themselves about how to help with them. We like those cheap, uh, cheap labor man. Kathy Lee would be proud. Politicians excluded. What well known living persons grave. Would you love to dance on? Rush Limbaude, I can't touch your Rush Man. Can't touch this. 91. Old and by the way, he's on now. All your people. Let's say, listen to Russia. We didn't forget he's on right now. Grab him. Old Jason Simpson 50 and quarter 31. How many she got? About 30 man. More Howard David at 29. Pat Robertson 26. Moe is edge the head of Pat. Because God is whispering in his rear. Jerry Falwell 21. Bill O'Rally 13. Rosie O'Donnell 12. Greg reads, got eight. Nice going. Greg. You go, boy. Jason six Howard Stern five. Ricky Tickie Sanchez four. I thought he'd be doing a lot better than that. New. Eugh. Eugh. I reckon three. Roseanne Bar 3. P.D. Rose Bob Novak. Michael Jackson, Oli North to a piece. One for Sean Hannity. One for G Gordon Litty. And none yet from his fudge George Will. Laura Ingram, a ride carry or an Nicole Smith. How to 312 votes in the first hour. Pretty impressive. Totally. Aren't you impressed? I'm impressed. Good. I got some more good stuff here for a little bit later on. That. I'm a whole bunch just three. Just three more. Is that acceptable? Yeah. Three more that I want to like a. Well, Nick Christau's got a great calm in the New York Times day to God gulf. I like that. Carl Huyeson from our own Miami-Herald in the tele-Hancy Democrat. Welcome to the big house of prayer. And Robert Scheer writes, the Lord knows what Pat Robertson wants. He knows it. No, but why not? That line one is working, but there's never anybody there. You know what I mean? Coincidence. I keep these people. Didleon on the screenless. But there's never anybody there. WQAM. Hello. Morning, too. I have some. I have some with one foot in the gray. That's the list. Charlottom Heston. Charlottom Heston would be magnificent. I bet you might Michael Moore vote for that. May you do spec. Okay. Thanks. Charlottom Heston. Let's dance on his grave. I can't go anywhere anyway, because you could see the newspaper running away for Michael Moore. He was moving real slow. He was dragging his ass real slowly to that screen door to get that away. Nothing. Yeah. That was so great. Anybody hasn't seen bowling for colombine? Get with it. Go to your nearest video store and steal it or something if you can't afford to buy it. Rend it by it. Steal it. Short to everybody you know, bowling for colombine. It's fabulous. That's because Michael Moore is fabulous. Did we ever find out what the name of the movie is going to be based on Dude was my country? No, we did not. Oh, because he's got his own website, Michael Moore.com. I bet you might be on or somewhere. Might be. And it's going to be coming out before the election, which sure of course the right wingers are peeing in their pants about that. In fact, they're already trying to get prevent anybody from making the movie. Which is why you had to come up here to a candidate to make bowling for colombine. That's something? Yeah. That a candidate and go around and open the doors of people's houses to show that not everybody locks the doors here because they're not quite as gun crazy. Well, they weren't catching up. Or catching up at 65 murders in Toronto last year. And it's starting to get anyone on a Y. You know who the scumbags are, where they're coming from? I give up. U.S. See, so to get even worse than a, we're sending mad cows across the border. Yeah, that's right. You sent us a bunch of murdering assholes with guns. We're going to say you some mad cows. How do you like that? 560560 pound, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Marlustlan. Pete Rose, good guy or bad guy. That's our poll today. Oh, man, it's almost as good as Jimmy and Danny. And who do you cue me and hello? Then, how you doing, Neil? Pretty good. I got a couple names for your poll. Okay. Do you want vendors? Do you want vendors? Do you want vendors? Okay. Stores Scott. Stores Scott? Yeah, I got from a sports center. You ever heard of him? All right. And, uh, Martha Stewart. Okay, she's on her. Although I didn't see any of it, she's supposed to be on there. Did I see any votes for Martha? Maybe we left her off. Maybe you thought Martha Stewart never said it. No. She's fourth on the list, right after O.J., okay? In fact, I don't know the person that's facted it in, said Martha Stewart. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. I made a joke about a joke. Don't you remember that as your Alzheimer's kicker? Yeah. Come on now. Man, too much of that bad weed. I'm not a good one for our legalization of marijuana to that right now. You and Norm Kent, folks and children for putting people on death row for it. Dale and Paul Metobase says, how about Osama bin Laden? Wow. That's just a little bit too Aussie, you know what I'm saying? How about Satan? Yeah. How about Lucifer would be good? Three nominees that every dark-complexed person should eat a lot of corn. Do you understand that? No. Oh. Jackson, we got Michael Jackson on our Olui Ferrican. He's good. He's talking about Jesse Jackson, I think. Oh, is he? Are we there going with this? Louis Ferrican. What about Michael Jackson? He kind of like dark. Well, not anymore. Okay. Jesse Jackson. That would be good. I think. I think. I think. I think. I think. I think. I think. I think. That would be good. Not until he takes care of his love towel, I hope he leaves us something good in that will. He and I'll sharpen this political case, run for president. So we said politicians excluded. So let's leave out off of their interdition. I'll tell you right now, I don't care what anybody says. I don't care what anybody says. Because I believe my own opinions. The two democratic candidates in these debates who made the most sense, who've been the most articulate and who've conducted themselves brilliantly have been. Dennis Gassinich and Al Sharpen. Then Howard Dean and after that it's small pithas. And Wesley Carker, course, he just lay in out and all of the cities moving up the polls. Where did that come from? I don't know. He went from 12% in December to the latest poll that was just taken over the weekend. Now he's got 20%. And I'm thinking that maybe the Republicans are succeeding in with the help of the media. Of course, oh, you know, Howard Dean is unelectable. And he's just being a Democrat just beating and you know, getting up and beating the crap out of him. What about those records when you're going to release those records going on our Dean, Dr. Dean? I'll all the other crap. I mean, they're like, they're just permeating to try to like us side to track his candidacy. And then they may just succeed. Now, I will say this. If Wesley Carker turns out to be the guy that can actually beat Bush, I say, Oh, okay. Yeah, right. We'll take it. Even though he hasn't said a damn thing that makes too much sense to me, he's all over the place. But you did have a Jewish father. Now, you don't think that they're going to play that up. If he turns out to be the nominee. Play it up. Yeah, play against him. The fact that he had a Jewish father. Even though he did become Catholic when he married his wife. Do you know all those things? Mm-hmm. But what to go do to play it up where a gold star and a lapel? No, I'm not talking about him. I'm talking about the Republicans, the Bush people. Play it the fact that he is a little bit of a little Jew in him. I like Jew libermency because they know everybody knows that Jew libermen cause poor the presidency. Even more so than Ralph Nader. But nobody else beside me is going to say it. I've been saying that for months and months and months for three years now. Nobody else is going to say it because you just don't say those things. You know, you don't want to talk about religion. It's just not nice to say that Redneck's hate Jews. Oh, Redneck's hate Jews. Yeah. And so to a lot of shforks and a lot of spiksh and a lot of other people. I mean, it's popular to hate the Jews, right? It is. Right, George? And I think that's propaganda on the part of the Jews. So I'll fiscate from all that land stealers. Yeah. All are doing. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6. Don't be starting to lump all the Jews in with Ariel's Sharona. All those, uh, whole I don't. All the way to damn, uh, obviously. The carpet baggers over there. Those Zionites. Those lunatics. I think Michael Moore's got the right idea. So I'll say it again. Let's really arm the Palestinians in the, uh, Israeli's to the teeth. And then all the fanatics, man, they can all kill each other. Everybody else live happily ever after. And that fence built it all the way around that zone. Yeah. So we can be safe. Right. 12 13 at 5, 60, WQM, Halipadi Act GMC is now autocity. Potty Act GMC of Pancras. But you can still expect the same great deals. And the great deal deals and cent customer satisfaction that made Halito popular for 1000 years. Right now, autocity of Pancras. It's the 2003 blowout sale. Our many Paniac and GMC's in stock. It absolutely the best price. Absolutely. Yes, autocity is loaded with 2004's take advantage of zero percent financing on models in stock right now. If you have credit problems, if you want to work to QAM, no problem. Autocity's got an excellent selector P.O. cars for you to choose from. Even if you used to work at the fan. The new autocity Paniac GMC of Pancras. You'll find him at 134.01. South, Thixie Highway. That's who us want to cross from the falls. Open every day, seven days a week. If you want more info, just call the Neil Deal Hotline tool free at 1. Triple 8, 5344211. That's 1. Triple 8, 5344211. Keep in mind. All offers are subject to credit. Deprovalently, the folks at autocity Paniac for all the details. But Alberto Perez, your creator in the whole staff at the new autocity Paniac GMC of Pancras. Wish you and yours a very, very happy new year for 2004. The new autocity Paniac GMC of Pancras. You always find low prices and no high pressure. Why and local? We're sports video 560's you and you a M. Hear me. Oh, Martha Stewart can make any mingown from paper towels. Cuts up credit cards to line us live in pool. But according to Houseboy Rowle, She is down right home. And he always just dreaming then she's from Connecticut. Throw away all of these wealthy banks to drop legit. She likes college and behaviour all this. Out of 100 years. Martha Stewart, your saying sound nice. On my TV. But your smile is just a... ...mask. So we can see your personality. Once I saw her mingonating out a cottage cheese. She used a broken vine quilt to do across the ditch. I and we have a band filled in rich. But she's such a bitch. Yeah. Martha Stewart, how come you down? Play off your bills. And on my face and dress things that's in with your fluffy hat. And fill these brills. Making scones with both she dug off better or back yard. With a leftover, she built herself a deck. Better watch yourself around that forever. Or she'll snap your neck. And there ain't she remodels using pasteuries. Where she sits and makes her own design as good. Now Martha's getting just desert. I guess that's true, her. Speaking of decks, I wonder who's got the bigger deck and culture of Martha Stewart. Good quality teen at 5.60 WCUAM. Did we put the on-center on air or not? A sunset? A long. Okay, just relax. Don't get all hyper. I heard you put on a lot of, yeah, we got them on it. And I'm going to vote to you. Either there's Jesse Jackson or Louie Furkin. On a 3604, the votes are pouring in, man. There's a lot of people to dance on their graves in so little time. 560, 505, 60, 50, 50, 50 on a AT&T in Verizon wireless line. WCUAM. Hello? Yes sir. Hey, how you doing? Pretty good. Hey, lift up. That's yesterday. So I don't want to rehash anything that's set by no early in the show. Yes sir, you talked about the sense of analytical with the, the K.O. Colgate, the Sweet Sparming, Southern 11-year-old girl who's going heroin. Right. And the polling is that article was because you're just reading it, I think, and in shock. And it's like, you know, it's just a pond here about it. It's a strange thing that they mission it article that they bought drugs off this 11-year-old girl in October. I'd get kept around the streets for another three months, this bogus war and drugs. 11-year-old girl. Stay on the streets. Yeah. The only drugs can we call that, you know, keeping our streets safe. I know that they think that's a bill of the case, but apparently they have nothing else that's possible. If they're going to try to prosecute this home and now, this is a rich slap in the face, I think, to think, or on drugs. But also, you mentioned yesterday, you read that article about Bush News and I, I've probably where my 9-11 Bush Newsure probably weekly. Yeah. Yeah, I wear it to a gym and, you know, you get the dirty looks and some people actually inquire and you give them some information. Some take it some read it. Some don't throw it back in your face, but it's something that's got to be done. I'm glad that you do it. If they got it called this morning and said that you just rehashing article, that he's already read, we'll go for him. But the point is, he's a useful a crap. He's a useful a crap. He's a weakly reader that guy. All that guy was was just a just a professional talk show listener group. That's all he was. Yeah. He's a smart guy. For example, the story that you were just talking about about the 11-year-old girl son of cocaine, I was just checking and I do it throughout the show all day every day. Check in the CNN website and that's the reason they're today. I read the story yesterday morning. It's under today. Right. It's fine. Even if it is. And because when you do that, you have a link to your articles and you can find a whole new website. It's very informative. You can keep on searching the web. It gives you a way to find out. Get your way to be informed. And it's a really great thing. And lastly, I think of a book yesterday, a couple days ago actually. The Bush haters handbook that got to the most upon presidency in the last 100 years. And I forget they're all there's name right now. But he's a Canadian that said in 2000 to a movie you're taking out, say, says the chips. Oh, right. And it's all an alphabetical order. If you subject matter and it just looks like a phenomenal read. I'm just starting it now and I'll let you know how it goes. Beauty. And in closing, I would definitely dance on Ann Colter's grave. However, I think she's hot. Thanks. Okay. Oh, she's hot. Woo, he was doing so good until he got to that. Wow. He can have my portion. Oh, you know what? I wanted to play and I haven't played yet today. Is this comfort of hemorrhoid up tissues making your backside burn for you? I don't know. Then try preparation age. Preparation age. Preparation age. It's soon the burn. That's not a reason. Use only a method. That's not the one. I didn't sound, uh, huh? I think that was a real spot. Not wasn't. Now, that's one of those bad spots from the ACN, but there's one that would Johnny Cash would ring a fire. Oh, now what is it? Did you really need to go? No, that's not it. Suffering from constipation. Met a musul can help. Met a musul. That's not it. Is the disk? No, that's not it. Suffering from a burning ring of fire turns. The ring of fire. What's the ring of fire? The ring of fire. Don't let those flames get higher. Use preparation age. Playvounds some cash for preparation age. The ring of fire. Preparation age. See it's a quickie. We got so much stuff in the ACS now that you got to start like, uh, even refining the way you label them. So you know, well, it's side by each. It's incredible. 12 23 at 5 60, W.M. Nick Christoph who's a great communist in New York Times rights today. The god golf. It's about. Oh, good. No, I only wish it were. I wish what? I wish that we had a way. I guess I could spend about five grand and take out an ad in like, um, newspapers like the USA today and things like that for our website. Because the only there's only one person in the universe that's when Sam Yules who used to be our friend, but now he's just like poison because the way we have a lot of this fun, but uh, and she wants your job. But beside that, uh, she could as a link to our website on her on hers. And that's it. You want to say it? I know. It would be so much more meaningful if we could find a way to get links to our website so that people because most people, other than those who are really studious and really into what heavy duty, most people don't have the time or the inclination or either, collect sit around reading the Washington Post and New York website, uh, things online every day and common dreams.org and smirk and shim and all this other stuff. And we cut it down to like, you know, 15, 20, 30 stories every day. How many? But good man. And give me a chance to find all the good stuff there. And yes, of course, all of it's got a few point, but that's the idea. See, it's okay for newsmax.com to have all that right wing crap on. Including articles by the man cow by the way. And I saw that. I thought, for else, never gonna last with that. He's a right wing, he's a right wing nutcase, this man cow, Mullerman Chicago who does, you know, Patti talk, tits in the boobs in crap and the right wing politics. I don't get it. Rupert Murdoch. Yes, same thing, same crap. So anyway, like I said, I'm just thinking out loud. I wish there were way for us to get more links to it. I'll allow Bill, um, I'm telling you, it's Tash. Is name is not Bill Tash, Bill Tash. They got a piano player at the Screamer. Bill Tash. They go to a check, something like that. Dreck, Bill Dreck. Anyway, Nick Christoff writes to the god gulf, and I'll back myself into a cry God time, it's short. Religion may preach peace and tolerance, it's hard to think of anything that because of human malpractice has been more linked to violence and malice around the world. And I was made a new campaign year, it's time to brace ourselves for a new round of religious warfare and hypocrisy at home. America is riven today by a god gulf of this trust, dividing church going Republicans from relatively secular Democrats. A great new, uh, a new great awakening is sweeping the country of the Americans increasingly telling pollsters that they believe in prayer and miracles while only 28% say they believe in evolution. But, but, but, but, but, all this is good news for Bush Republicans who are in tune with Heartland religious values and bad news for deemed Democrats who don't know John from Job. So, respect Republicans to wage religious warfare by trading out God as the new elephant of the race and some Democrats to respond with hypocrisy by affecting deep religious convictions. This campaign could up as end up as a tug of war over Jesus. Over the holidays, vice president Dick Cheney's Christmas card symbolized all that troubles me about the way politicians treat faith. Not as a source for spiritual improvement, but as a pedestal to strut on. Mr. Cheney's card is dominated by a quotation by Benjamin Franklin and if a sparrow cannot fall to the ground without his notice, is it probable that an empire can rise without his aid? It's hard not to see that as a boast that the U.S. has become the global superpower because God is on our side and empire suggests Iraq. Is Mr. Cheney contending that that in the dispute over latest Gulf War, God was pulling for the White House and culminating at Democrats and others in B.L.s. of Ubscamp? Moreover, over Mr. Cheney's card, Wrenches Ben Franklin's quotation from its context and upends the humility that Franklin stood for. If you read the full speech as Franklin gave the deconstitutional convention, including the one with the sparrow line, you see that Franklin isn't bragging that God is behind him but rather the opposite, warning that the framerists face so many difficulties, they need all the help they can get including prayer. Meanwhile, Howard Dean is grasping for faith in a way that's just as tasteless as Mr. Cheney's Christmas card, Dr. Dean Bragg to report that he knows as much about the Bible and proceeded to say that his favorite New Testament book is Job. Anyone who sights Job as a New Testament book should be school and not just for religious phoningists, but also for a Pauline ignorance of Western civilization on a par with Mr. Bush's calling Greeks, Griechians. After talking to Mr. Bush's long time acquaintances, I'm convinced that his religious convictions are deeply felt and fairly typical in the U.S., Mr. Bush says the jury is still out on evolution but he also has said that it doesn't take every word in the Bible as literally true. To me, nonetheless, it seems typical to Mr. Bush to claim as he didn't last campaign that Jesus is his favorite philosopher and then to finance tax breaks for the rich by cutting services for the poor. If Dr. Dean should read up on Job, Mr. Bush should take a look at the sermon on the mount. With Carl Roves' help, Mr. Bush's managed a careful balance, maintaining good ties with the Christian right without doing so publicly enough to terrify other voters. For example, Mr. Bush doesn't refer in his speeches to Jesus or Christ, but he sends reassuring messages to fellow evangelicals in code, wonder-working power in a state of the Union addressed last year alluded to a him. Republicans are in trouble when the debate moved to the issues because their policies often favor a wealthy elite, but they have the advantage when voters choose based on values for here Republicans are populist and Democrats more a leadist. As we move into the religious wars, I wish we could recall how Abelink and achieved moral clarity without moral sanctum only. Though we often criticize for not being religious enough, Lincoln managed both the key kinds of morality and personal behavior which conservative is care about and in seeking social justice which liberals focus on to me, each seems incomplete without the other. Or there's the real benefit, not the one counterfitted by Mr. Cheney, who warned each of the favors of the Constitution to doubt a little of his own infelibility. That would be a useful text for Mr. Cheney's Christmas card next year. Christ often says, New York Times. Oh, God. Exactly. 28 past known as a matter of fact, that was a reading last night one of the pieces about Dr. Dean and the fact that once the campaign starts, it gets to nomination, then he's going to start Jesus up pretty good. You know, he's going to start, especially in the south where he haven't played the Jesus card. Oh yeah. Christ. Great. Got to bring in the old Christ, Mr. Yeah, boy. 29 past known if you look in the mirror and say, Jesus Christ, am I getting the fan, huh? Here's the answer for the New Year's here in Time to start. We'd be making your New Year's resolution stick this year with a low carb diet. That's what just about everybody is doing. Like I said, that comes to everywhere, even on your toilet. And the plate or maybe in it. And the place to start is the lights of West Boca, your low carb superstore, what do you run the Atkins, the Skatkins, the Sugarbusters South Beach, or any low carb Sugar free do I died during the thousands and thousands of South Americans who made the lights of West Boca their headquarters and the number one low carb store in America. And for good reason, because they've got to go for a thousand low carb products for a year for a year to choose from. Like I said, including breads and bagels, cookies, crackers, chips, brownies, chocolates, ice cream, pasta, sauces, ketchup, cheesecakes and lots more. They offer the oneest selection. They're open every day, seven days away from 10, 10. You can always sample anything the store before you buy it. They've got a friendly staff that knows dining inside and out and they carry the most complete line of Atkins brand products around sale all day every day. You know the low carb diet is rated number one. So for the number one low carb sugar free store in the world, the lights of West Boca on the Northeast corner of Glades and 441 right next to Boston Market are column tool free at 1-877 low carb that's L-OWCARB or on a web it's low carb.com. There's only one day lights of West Boca and it's your official Atkins, retail center and he's singing a different tool these days. My life and low. This is 43056. Wait who am I? Do do do do do. I'm it's this ball ring. Looks better than a wide radio show every morning on TV. Well just about anything. But that hasn't stopped MSNBC from teeming up with radios original bad boy. Who now looks like a nasty old lady. Listen, Friday, I'm it. So I can turn this cup of sausage. Yes, every morning, see I miss was new a tape of other people's cavity bits. I'm on the air. I did a hammer to bite into this month when you saw an A-Best question plate. See his wild behind the scenes at it. I also made no but I am an I-Banyo at a wall or a cook hook at you and I'm get me some fresh coffee or your fire. I miss. He's irreverent. So I want to deal with a phone. Topical. So I want to deal with his water gate rate. He's in coherent. I'll tell you why that there's a double of a person. But what does that? I don't know. He's I miss 10. He's boring. And he's only on MSNBC. A table channel nobody watches. And a bunch of AM radio stations go. But he listens to. And then somebody gets some fresh jingles. It's I'mus. Somebody suggested done I miss for our pool today. If somebody you'd like to dance in there, Greg, I think we'll put him on there. But the only problem is I think we can miss the funeral. Right. I think it was a long time ago. This thing that Eric just sent me that he emailed me about the results of our first the polls. But third man. First dirty polls on our website. I don't get it. The first one says total zero. Demographic pool zero. Okay. I don't get it because I didn't get it. What do you mean by that? Well, I mean, I got the list here. But one total zero demographic pool. Demo pool. So maybe he just didn't work or we haven't taken problems. I don't know. That must have been a little bit deflated. What you think? Second pool. We had 374. And since we had 401 in the first hour today, I was right. We actually topped in one hour. The whole first pool. We took in a whole day. Ready for that? I'm ready. Of a third pool, we had total of 44 votes. The fourth one, 374. The fifth pool, 62 votes. This is amazing. Now, one more that had been. When did we start to, when did we find to get to computer in the whole thing of the internet? What were we upstairs already by that time? On the third floor? Maybe. We're not trying to think back. I mean, we had the website. Everything but as far as taking polls. The main thing I listen. I remember about the second floor. We were besides the whammy crap. And fat Joe and all the other crap was the fact the phones weren't working most of the time. I even know it. Right. Thanks a lot, Greg. That's another reason people are vote. And they'd like to dance on your grave. Mr. Technical Disaster, the Master of Disaster. Greg Reed. The first time we actually had over five over 400 votes was our sixth pool. We had 5, 64. And then 409. Beach Boys liked that one. 386. Four and nineteen. on. But never came close let's see 30th pool. We took a several. Not 30 man. To get to over 700 and 43 votes in our 30th pool. You remember the alien days and those pools? Most of the solid doors will ever duplicate that. No, bring back alien again. What do you say? Oh, run on. Come back for a happy meal. Ali, we need you back kid. 560 pound, 560 on the AT&T in Verizon. Wireless line. Well, well known living person's grave. Would you love to dance on? Politicians excluded. W to Q AM. Hi. Good morning. Good evening, too. I want to ask, guys. There was also pretty close on that pool. The morning did Eric check the hanging chats. Now, where we got that judging Palm Beach is looking at him right now. He's holding him up to the sky. Good. Got any, uh, notice a chest of your pole. Can we say and Jim? They're in Tammy's favorite. Well, we got only five. I say Tammy's favorite. All right. I volunteer to drown her in holy water and throw up. That'll have to bridge if you'd like me to. Excellent. Thanks a lot, pal. Okay. Well, bye. Which last name are we using? Tammy's favorite. Nobody knows the other names. Tammy's favorite. Who, of course, the phag's a button to her real quick. You know what that reminds me of? Don't be like if Anita Brian came back to date county next week. And also some Bob Coonst and a bunch of other phags were running around. Oh, Anita. She changed her way. She loves the phag. Come on. Only simple. Like Miss, Miss, what's your name? What Carlos? Sit in out there. Freaky Carlos at the front desk. Only simple. And phags like her are into Tammy's favorite. But then again, he's into Susan Kuchi. Kuchi, my last name is Luchi too. Who's daughter plays Gwen on passions, by the way. And he's got a honker the size of a yonkers. Makes very manor. It looked like a honker. Just like Mama makes very manor. We're like Michael Jackson. Boy. Gwen on passions. Anyway, nothing much is having on passions. What's the name Sheridan's back in the loony bench? You've got the straight jacket. Not as fashionable. It was the one that W's got on. If you look on our website. I love the growing stuff. That is so beautiful. I want to tell you seriously anything we've ever had on there. And I don't want to deeming. Who sent us that? Can we give credit to somebody? Let me go look at the original email. Please go. I like to thank whoever it helps. I think that is magnificent. I mean the other one, you know, the W thing, the countdown, the weapons of mass destruction search countdown. That's great. Actually the time actually continues. It's really a ticket along. And the the lips move as he's seen all of these things. But this one, it's got the buttons. It's like like having your little playpen right there on your PC. Who's it? Dan, Danny if I'm not mistaken. Thanks a lot, Danny Boy. You're the best. W to Q a M. Hello. Q a M. Sounds really dead to me. Q a M on line one was keeps this. See, line one is never there. Why is that? I realize when you're doing screenless a lot of times it chops off real quick. Just, you know, wait till it starts ringing, then pick it up. Maybe they just keep hanging out. They just keep that entire and hanging out. They're getting tired. And the timing is off. Hey, I'll tell you one thing. It's 12 38 before you know it's going to be one o'clock. And then the pressure will be not on this end May. It'll be on your end. It'll be on the audience end. You're one to two hour. I don't mean you. I mean, I'll. W to Q a M line one, my hand. Yes sir. How are you? Pretty good. Did you see Tim Russell's show someday? No, I did not. Well, we eat the press. Well, no, one of the most amazing statistics and this is just the show you the hopelessness that this country is in. A significant majority he had these core state subverses the bush dates. And you know, the map is one red one broke. And every bush today is significant majority of people. One to eight people were ridges president. Where is he? Where? And in the worst state it was just the opposite. Well, again, we see the word to use his red neck. All of those red neck states through the red states. Those are the states in Bush one. And the only one that he that wasn't totally red neck state Florida, which at least has been in the state. He stole. But that's the only one that wasn't the red neck state that went in his column. You name me any other state that Bush won. That isn't the red neck state. And I'll give you a fifty million dollars. Well, it's true. But the actual. Now, in the sixty seventies and eighties and ninety. Did you ever see this kind of religious server. Well, it started. It started with Reagan. Reagan was the hero of the God squad. He's the one, you know, the far right in the God squad, the whole deal. It started with him. And now it's just escalating. And that's why they were so. Pulling it to Montague Clinton out of there and did the whole monocophing and tried everything under the son to get him out of office because he was interrupting the agenda. But have you ever seen it to break in since Reagan, where they just come out say the Howard Church is state that you know what's separation. It's sounding solid. I mean, the fact that you got that the Jesus jail there in Florida. What does that tell you? It's a big house of prayer. Well, I'll see you at the border man. Thank you. Okay. It's three hour wait there at the border, but it's well worth waiting for. Bring your good book. In fact, he inspired me that Carl Heisen column on the tele-hensity Democrat. Welcome to the big house of prayer. And, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, I guess there a lot of people just all year. What's wrong with that? Yeah. It's it's it's it's it's it's not mandatory. It's optional. Our tax dollars are paying for it. No, come on. He wouldn't do that, Woody. Oh, choose life bumper stickers that raised money for the rights groups. Because it's a grayish of elders. They say in China, make them a stick about the truth. Because I'm China, did you see what they're doing with those civic cats now? You know what an animal of rhyme? And I'm not saying I love civic cats because they're like, uh, the cats. I know that. They're like a cross between a raccoon and a rat. They're muskettas like, uh, like scum sticks. Well, whatever the hell they are, but the fact that matter is, they're still living things, okay? Yes. And they've got these 10,000 them, you know, how they get rid of them? Uh, woodchipper. They, they spray them. They drown them in disinfectant. And then they send them to be insinuated. They have them in these little cages that they, in fact, some of them. They got a whole bunch of them and these little tiny cages. Yeah. What is that? I don't want to say that all Chinese are barbarians, but, uh, that's the F and Chinese way. Is that the F and Chinese way? Yeah. Well, remember, like, when they cook dog, right? They have to butcher it right there. And, uh, an important part of the flavor is that you've got to stress the animal before you kill it. So you have to kill it in a painful way. You have to stress it? Why is that? Uh, they believe that it makes a taste here. Uh, right. Oh, right. The adrenaline, really. I thought that's the opposite of what you want. I thought that that's why we like range free chicken and, uh, No, they smack the dog around a little bit before they serve it up. Well, gee, how can we tell me now like you're telling me? You're telling me. Gang rape is funny. Go and soon do a cinnamon air you. It's the greatest romantic comedy in the history of film. You're great. Is a fun length to it. Well, if I may, I hope I'm not being too forward. The London Times says a phone link to it is so light like that no more films should ever be made. As they would only pay a link of Paris into this brilliant piece of twit headed Thai casting. If I may be so bold as to ask you and I understand that I'm trying to fabricate standing here in the middle of the street. But I'm very much like to ask you. If you see only one Hugh Grand movie this year, then you certainly won't need to see this one. Because he's playing the exact same 20 plays in all his movies. He's an unclad that you would be doing with me. Well, there's something I've been meaning to. Well, that is to say, it finds you to be quite touching. You think Elizabeth Hurley left him because of that whole divine Brown deal? No, see left him because Hugh Grand is a fumbling twit. Now playing in select a city. I do rather hope you'll come to see me in a fumbling twit that is to say, if you don't mind my being somewhat cheeky. Oh, for the love of God, would you shut me? Oh, well, all right then I suppose. How do I apologize to myself the other day when we did the pull about the most overrated famous people in the world? Hugh Grand should have been way up there unless we didn't even put him on there. Right? How to cite out of mind? I mean, you talk about a media invention, a media creation, a hype job. This man, he can't complain about his talent. He isn't having it. Does he look good? No. No. Is he interesting? No. He is just another British polycrap. He is garbage on two legs. I know I'd be curious from Eric to find out that dates. I'm sure he's got it. I don't want to like over. I had 33 bedtime stories that I lumped him with the overnight in this morning. Sorry, Eric, but there's a lot of good stuff on there. But these are first 30 pulls that we took to first. I'd love to know what the dates were of those. Which is something that might be somewhat interesting. Okay. Well, for example, right now we got 435 votes in an hour and a hour and a half hour and 45 minutes on his second pull. We did a lot for all one on the first one. I'd say we'll do over a thousand votes today and we'll end during the show. I think we'll break the old time record. I don't think even during Alien we did over a thousand during the show. I just mentioned those things in passing. Not that the audience really cares, but it sure kills some good time. A lot of numbers, man, give the time and the temp. It's an old radio trip in the ratings. And the ratings. Oh, we don't want to give those. Listen. That's a great idea since we eliminated the one to two comedy bits hour and two thousand. How about we don't give the ratings no more? At least not the fall book. Now we got to do it. It's going to be bad. It's going to be bad. We've always given them whether they're good, they're bad. And if we don't lie about the ratings. You know what I mean? Some people on here, they make up stories. Some people don't even show up in a ratings. Some people make up stories. Mr. Ego, people like that. Ask them how swipes. Right. Anyway, Carl Heisen writes welcome to the big house of prayer. In the tele-hassy Democrat. I can't think of a better place to reflect on the awesome love of our Lord. Jesus, then here at Lolli Correctional. God bless you. Governor Jeb Bois said in the Christmas Eve address inmates. At the nation's first faith-based prison in North Florida. Let us pray. Yay, though we hustle through the valley of death. We offer thanks for the body of faith to be found here at the Lolli Correctional Facility. Lolli looked down with mercy upon us for we've committed multiple felonies and misdemeanors. There are grievous in your eyes, not when the eyes of the judges and juris who sent us here. Armed with lethal weapons, we've entered liquor stores, pawn shops, and late end establishments of convenience. And from those premises we have taken cash, lottery tickets and merchandise. At no time learned that we returned to justly compensate for proprietors. Yay, in with only a screwdriver we have hot-wired late model automobiles to which we did not hold title, and shamelessly barred to then do other sinners who chopped them up for parts. Through open windows and unlocked sliding doors we passed into the dwellings of strangers, from which we will pass the TVs, DVD players, CD burners, jewelry, rare coins, and sterling silver flatware that did not lawfully belong to us. Lolli, if snatched persons from women to whom we were not related, and from those hand bags we've lifted credit cards and upon those credit cards, we've charged numerous expensive items for which we had no intention of paying. Likewise we've written checks for various goods and services knowing, thoroughly, that there were insufficient funds in our accounts, that those accounts themselves had long grow been closed. In moments of weakness we have poisoned our bodies with alcohol, and the slightest provocation began to smite those around us with bud-wise or bottles, bars, tools, pool-cue's or heavy ceramic ash trays. And yes, Lord, some of us have in times of moral debasement, reached for a knife or a firearm and used it to assault another person in the most aggravated way. In our shandharts we realized there's no biblical justification for such behavior, even if the person whom we assaulted, and, of course, insulted our mother, commented in a properly on our wife's choice of swimwear, or stole him a baggy of crystal meth from our bedroom closet. Confronted with our wrongdoing, some of us have spoken falsely, resisted arrest and even committed binary upon law enforcement officers, showing not only disrespect for authority, but a glaring absence of common sense. Lord, we cannot blame you for being rather skeptical of our newfound faith for so many brothers and sisters in the prison system have claimed to embrace you before. It's true that in the past some of us did not turn you into late in the plea bargaining process, and only then a laughably transparent attempt to convince prosecutors that we'd found spiritual redemption. Others have us waited till our final request for new troubles rejected by the appellate courts, and we were hence abandoned by our attorneys. Still others of us welcomed you only in the days approaching our first parole hearing, during which we memorized numerous verses of scripture, and extode your future virtues to all within your shod. Sadly, after our request for an early release was denied, we somehow mislate our faith and returned to the blast-staming gambling-fighting-locational drug use that's endemic to the penal life. However, we humbly besieged you to set aside your doubts and suspicions about our sudden piety, this time it's different, this time we're going to stick with the program. It's true that Lali is the first faith-based prison in the country, but ask yourself, Lord, could this experiment really do any worse at rehabilitating criminals and regular prisons do? As Governor Bush noted, almost four out of ten inmates released to minstance in Florida, get sent back some day, with your help in blessing the labor righteous leader reduced as a polling-weight of recidivism. As there are 26 religions represented here at Lali, we've made this prayer generic enough to include all our inmates. Although we occasionally debate your attitude toward crime and punishment, with one voice we beg you to understand that we're not all incorrigible, despite the embarrassing lengths of our rap shoots. In closing, Lord, we'll hold your holy adjudication for the time being. To quote from the book of Rayford, patience is a virtue as if we had a choice. That's right. That's right. Carl Heisen from the Amami Heraldie right set in the telehesi Democrat. What's nine minutes till one man is going to be pretty exciting, you know what? What's another date? That's another date, I don't know if we'd be able to find that. We have to just do it by memory. Try to remember when we started a god awful one to two, that very enjoyable one to two comedy bits out about a year at that. Now what was the rationale for that? There was some special reason why I did it. I don't know. Something was going on. There was something going on one day, I felt it was inappropriate. I don't know what it was. There was something that we didn't want to, it was like around 9-11ish time or something. That's sure. Because we've been doing that a long time. Maybe somebody in the answer to remember, somebody doesn't have their Alzheimer's cooking in yet. 5-670560, pound-560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. WDQA and hello. Hello. Yes sir. Yes sir. New Rogers? Speaking. Compton, once it. What is it? What did he say? Calling from home-stud. Hello. Yes sir. Let's go home-stud hello. Yes sir. Got a couple comments. Go ahead ahead. I'm on yesterday over here on the field Henry. He's touched at the common. When I was listening to the show from a caller said, What's going on? What do you change your show? You become a little more up to the right because now I have it because I want to become more. I've always been a Franklin. He is a Franklin at the Democrat. That's where we've seen a Roosevelt. No, no. No. No. No. No. Franklin Rosen, Democrat. Yes sir. What's your time right now? Do you remember what I think about Reagan on Bush? I think you're Franklin Roosevelt. Well that's what Henry's passing himself off as ending. My closing comment is, I was kind of a Paul and shotgun in the span of the special over the holidays. Clear channel. This was incredible the year. The most, some kind of survey that they took of the most disliked Christmas song. It was Spanish in the year. It was, it was, it was April, the animals. Yeah, I remember seeing that. I don't understand that. I thought it was great. Yes. That was in, that goes back early. That's what it was. What's going on in America today? I think it's conserved. Wait a minute. The right now going through and right now acknowledging the echo. All the hills and rongs. And that's part of it too. All the hills and rongs of what? Well, they, you know of minorities and everything else. And hearing that on clear channel, especially to say that, was just amazing. Yeah. But, well, you have a clear answer. Okay, thank you so much. If there's an anti-Christ, you sure were sick clear channel. I'll tell you that. I think his name is Pete Volger. I could be wrong, but I'm not, I don't think so. Oh, you know, how can we put him on there? Because no, no, no. Pete Volger, get him on there right now. Just for the radio people, you'll see, he'll get some votes. Just as an outlet for some people's anger and fury and frustration inside Coses over the way he'd lied to them and screwed them and stepped in and it back and ruined their lives. See, this is, I realized we're past the holidays, but you know, all that holiday bull crap about you're supposed to be nice to everybody this time of the year and all the other crap. Let me say this to you, seriously. Those people who think that we pick on mo too much or that it's a pond or whatever. There's no stick involved there. This is an evil evil, evil, some bitch. Okay, what it is. It's one thing if you want to rip somebody else you think they're show socks or make fun of the way they dress or their bad wig. But when you're trying to get people fired, when you're screwing with other people's lives, there are a few things in a world other than physical, physical harm. There are a few things that exist that are lower than that. That's the kind of scumb that we're dealing with there. That is kind of like physical harm actually. It's even worse because physical harm you can recover from all the pinning on a bad it is. You get a bruise, you get a bump. But if somebody screws with your life and gets you fired and you and your whole family are right on the beach and your whole life is here and upside down. And this is the kind of crap that this man has pulled behind the scenes practically from day one the day he walked his ugly, smelly, cab, a bad lady and ass in that building. So if there's anybody out there, I don't care if we get a point one here. I don't care if all the more people get the die. We're an every guy damn rating book from now until I retire. I don't give a crap. Play all the games you want with your freaking die. Because it still doesn't make him anything but a big old tub of crap. The water to two hours. Welcome back to the highly rated Mo Hal had a David in the show. According to my own, navigation. Okay, stupid, where were we? Oh, you were going that to me. Sorry, Mo. That's better. Oh, wrong day. I didn't see you could play that yet. Oh, wrong day. Can I know you? Crap. Crap. I wasn't done. Oh, wrong day gets me. That's that thing. That I might watch you both. Dang. Oh, wrong day. He's up with you. I'm gonna come for quick. We got one of what three of them put in. Cool is on the line. He'll be two a.m. What do you want? You're more than a car. And can I spit it out? Okay. Okay, I've just got them fingers saying, what do you do? I'm pretty real. Very coconut. Oh, it's a doll. Oh, that's quite understandable. Why, y'all? Sometimes. Oh, yeah. Get it, y'all. You're the bad. Oh, you got me told. No. Almost there. See, over on day. Right day. Right day. Right day. Master. Alright, baby. Alright, baby. Alright, baby. Alright, baby. Alright, baby. I'm gonna help you. I'm gonna help you. You're on day. I'm gonna help you. Yeah. Oh, you're on the floor. You're on the floor. Oh, my way. Let's come here. Oh, look at that. I got it all over my way. Okay, this is record break. And it's one o'clock. This is the first time in a cone zage. We aren't doing our Wednesday comedy with sour. Am I right about that or not? Yes. First time in a lot of time. Or maybe not. It seems to me that one day we did it on a Thursday. Was there a reason for that? Was a hungover or something? Maybe that was it. I tried to get all of it on holidays. Anyway, we got 471 votes on here, which means we got 872 counting that first hour. When they voted down our comedy with sour. Politicians excluded. Well, no, I'm living person's grave. Would you love the dance on? Rush Limbaugh, man. You can't touch Rush. 130. You can sniff if you can't touch it. You got a bottle. You can touch him. O.J. Simpson 75 and C.447. Mohara David 39. Absolutely. Walking TURD. Pat Robertson 35. Jerry Falwell 28. Rosie O'Donnell 21. Bill O'Rally 17. Greg Reed 11. Nice goal. Well, does there a few by the way, Greg? See, one of the things I see him going to get started. I'm going to give myself worked up. Get started on this crap. Because the stuff that goes on at WQM could never possibly have been allowed to go on if a warrant for absolutely inept management. Totally inept. How could you allow somebody to get away with a kind of crap that's gone on their day after day after day for like the last year and a half? Sporety. Nobody in there right now. That's not it. That's not it. Anyway, Greg Reed 11. Michael Jackson 11. Rick Sanchez 10. I told you he moved up that list. Louis Furrican 9. Mike Tyson 8. Mike Tyson. Rosie and bars got five. Howard sperm five. Oling North, fourth, Martha Stewart, four. Larry Kings only got three in after that. It's like one's and two's. Little teeny tiny numbers. Now comes the moment of truth boys and girls. They wanted the one to two are. They wanted the Schmidt can at the comedy. But it's our now. Let's see what kind of sensational stuff we get on the phone. Right? Right. 560560 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line Mad Dogga 2. A ride. Booster for the A-ling Humphorid for the staff known. And then we got her a cool and basketball tonight. A peak in 645. Her cool and North Carolina 7 or clock followed by 80k. And joy and mark in the dark. WQAM. Neil. Yes sir. Did you put yourself on there? No. Why me to put myself on there? Yeah. Would you like to dance on my grave? You sure? Okay. Well put on your tattoos man. It could be any day. Okay. Let's put me on there. Okay. That was our first call by the way in the new improved Wednesday. One or two hour. Let's dance on Neil's grave. Although he is listening. Thank you for listening by the way the Neil Roger show. The once very popular Neil Roger show. 560560 pound five 60 and what was me? By the way, Clarence, pay days Friday this week. The ninth. I just mentioned that I'm passing. Do your job, Clarence. Get those checks in the mail. Get everything all straight now. Then go back and hang out with a beast. Other the table. WQAM. Hello. It's me. Yes sir. Hi. What about? Savage nation. Michael Savage. Yes. Get him on there. Dean said, boy. Michael Savage. You got it? Got it. Okay. He's an asshole man. He's got a lot of shit. 560560 pound five 60 on the AT&T. And Verizon marvelous line. WQAM. Hello. WQAM. Hello. Man. Oh, you got you. You're such a push. Yeah. QAM. Hello. WQAM. Hello. Hey, you doing a good deal. Okay sir. Yeah, you know what you could do. It's the comedy that's out. Makes a big time out. I would enjoy it. I don't get the chance to read that much of the papers. Oh well, I get to New York Times, but a lot of the stuff that you put on the website. I can't possibly find anywhere. No, I'd rather interspersed it like I'm doing today. You know, like two of the show. Right now. That's a good thing because like sometimes people can't get all of the things that you find and I appreciate the time that you take to do that. Because I'd honestly say that 70% of Americans are pretty dumb that they don't even pick up a newspaper or find that. Well, you're going on a great kind man, great kind. Well, it's funny. What would you say at 830 people stop reading or before that? I don't think Americans read period. I think when you look at the number of people actually buy a book or read it, the only young people in the books they read generally are the ones they're forced to read for class in high school or college. Other than that, people don't read books. They don't read newspapers. Look at, I hate to say like it will throw you all the way in. But when we were young and growing up, look at all the newspapers that I got out of business since then. And any major city had a half of us in newspapers. Now you're lucky to have a couple. Oh, remember when I used to live in New York, you said, the nine hours of daily news, you just have all these other papers that's reviewing the mirror all of this. Right. And I'm only going to turn half a century this year, but I still remember all of those. Yeah, nobody reads newspapers anymore. But I'm going to go, I want to thank you. And I just want to say 25 to 30 on the Athens. And I thank you for helping me learn that. Oh, right. I'll write a text a lot, Pelle. Keep it up. Bye. And Dr. Bob is seeing the different two now. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. I've said you want to. You can't complain about the coffee. Get from our sales department at QA because generally speaking, we don't get any. They are something. They are really quite a bunch. By the way, Bob Eisenberg left in Kishimist to show yesterday. Bob Eisenberg is gone. He's gone off to seek his fortune on that yellow brick road. Don't trip in fall, Bob. Look what happened to the other Bob. Uh-oh. Too late now. WQAM, hello. Hi, it's John and Holmes, that. Yes, sir. I like to talk to Neil. Speaking. Oh, yeah. I'm doing good, John. Hey, Leon, Redbone. Remember him? Bigly. Yeah, what's on he's. Okay. He's going to be down at the Homestead Arch Festival this Friday night. We are all gone. We have four to go. Leon Redbone. I'm just wondering how old this guy is. About 90. Oh, yeah. I just can't picture him coming down at the Homestead Arch and Arch Festival this Friday night. Well, I wish to tell I was going to be there, man. I've been a rush right on down. And Neil, you have a great show. Nice a lot of power. Have a great day. Leon, Redbone, you're going to go catch that. Oh, yeah. I ride. Let's go see. Let's all go see the old Redbone. 5, 6, 70, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. By the way, this is a bitch in Ohio with the big earrings. Those are hoop earrings that tried to claim the 160, 2 million dollars. Yeah, I'm not talking about this for. Oh, and you know, the lady that wanted. Have you seen her Rebecca? Mm-hmm. She's a sweetheart. She seems really like a nice lady. And her husband, well, I don't want to get into it. But he, I mean, you know, there must be something there. It doesn't meet the eye, you know? Yeah. But he's like one step above Gilbert. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Wow. He's like that. But maybe he's a loving, wonderful devotee. Father and husband. And, you know, how the police got the money. Probably dump his Israel quick. 5, 6, 7, oh, there's the phone. He won. He has a tape when she wrote down how she came up with the numbers. And the phone was a birthday to apparently another in age. The report also notes that that'll broke down and cried. And also says that she gave the time a buying lottery ticket between 5 and 7 o'clock that evening December 3rd. Right. The best news of all is that she may very well face criminal charges. Good fraud, which I say is, Oh, right. Excellent. What are you kidding, honey? Nice try, though. You got to hand it to a nice try. No, just jealous. You're just going to have a chance to fraud your lines. Try to grab one. Because that never worked. I don't know. I bet you somewhere along the line. It's worth at least temporarily until I caught onto somebody. It's vaguely seems to me that we've had people scam a lot of ways like that. Okay. I bought the ticket. It was me. Yeah. And I got to do this here. I got to do this for him. I had a lot of close in you are. I bought it. Okay. I'm the one with the power balls. Baby, no never forget it. Let's take somebody's calls. This is a big hour. Give it to QM. Hello. Me, you. Yes, sir. What's going on? How you doing? Um, let me ask a question. Your page where it's good. You think because you know they're one of the superbowl. Who do you think they're going to play? Well, why do you say that? Because they're going to play. They got to play. They got to play. Freak and see when you get a buy like that. You're supposed to be able to play as a team like the sisters of the blind. And they wind up with the bad luck. I have to play Tennessee Saturday. That's not the any pushover man. That's going to be a tough game. Not a pushover, but you know they can win that game. I hope. I hope. I'm going to tell you. I'm going to play the game. Who's who they're going to play against? Yes, and the Superbowl. I think maybe Green Bay. Green Bay, huh? Because God is up there, you know, Brett Farves follows up there in the sky. I look him down on the whole thing. Definitely. Definitely. The guy's grave. I want to dance on is the big old. Because he thinks that he knows everything. Because he hangs out in the locker room after all the game. He doesn't know anything. I mean he's not a bad guy, but he knows nothing about sports to be. Nothing. But he thinks he knows everything because he hangs out in the locker room. Right. And one more guy, the guy who does the commercial for that Italian restaurant. That's Bruce Kitt. Yeah, all right. I didn't even bite. If you are how long I've been biting my tongue. I think that's a trade out isn't it George? I mean, I'm sure the restaurant is fine. But there's a guy is just brutal. That commercial is brutal. Neil, I love you very much. But I agree. They may go go up. But if the Patriots win the Super Bowl again, which is a tough assignment. I have to play the Titans. But if they should and Tommy Brady wins two rings in a boy. They're a dolphin fence because they used to be with the Jets. And of course not a Jets week. Just do they suck anyway. So that's not a big variable. There is as much as it used to be because the Jets just plain suck. But the Patriots. Uh oh. Uh oh. The great hatred, the grand. It's all jealousy. That's what it's all about. That's why assholes like Moan Goli. Oh, I've been off the lucky this year. Hey, there's a Sherman off the lucky year. When you win the last 12 and a row and you go 14 and 2, you're sure of him. Very, very lucky, you know. Did he tuck it? Did he cock it? Did he stick it all of that crap from the Super Bowl to you? And now this year. Well, they've been very, very lucky. As opposed to having a little bit of class and giving credit to somebody else who did a Hover job, you know. Can't do it. That's the whole dolphin syndrome. Everybody else sucks. We're great. But we just, there we got problems. 5, 6, 7, hope. I'll be cursed on here, man. I think sometimes we're cursed. Don't want to forget Robert's year. Don't forget Robert's year. Lord knows what Robert's in wants from the LA Times. Robert's year is so good man. I'd say, one thing about the good comments, they're always good. Like Molly Ivins and Marine Dad. The great columnists are always great. And if people are right garbage, they're like Tom Friedman. They're always garbage. WDQA, hello. Yes, sir. Hey, you mentioned Canada earlier in me, my wife grew up in a park in Maine. Yeah. And it was so fun when we caught the water in Canada. There was a Canadian person there. And they said, are you carried any firearms on you? Yeah. Right, which is acceptable. Okay, we're going to count. We said no, which we weren't. But when we came back, we had to go back to the American section of the border. And they asked, are you carrying any fruit or vegetables with you? Right. So they're hoping you bring some more guns. And you never have enough in America. You only have a worried about is are you hiding a mad cow in your trunk? Yeah, and you want to say something like this is so freaking stupid. Like, if there was an an on the ground, it's not going to cost the border. If there's a bucket of sky, it's not going to fly across the border. Right. You know, it was a ridiculous. So I enjoy your website, by the way. I can sit there and I can just cruise your sites. I don't have to go to every one of them. It's the great thing to have there. And if people who don't like it, they just don't like what they, you have to say. Yeah, I mean, nobody's going to force them to go look. Correct. Yeah, it's just there. The prices right. Correct. Just fight you having it there. It annoys them and they don't like it. You got your thumb on an outman. They want everything to be the new newsmatch.com. Pardon the right and the fall and off the edge of the map. Thanks a lot, Pal. Thank you. See you at the border. How do you like that? You bring in any fruit or vegetables. And okay, go ahead. Take all your guns and just don't bring too many mad cows in. We'd cross tour from Montana on the way on the way back into the country. Yeah, yeah. So, I know it's just because if we had guns and we'd say no and they'd say, I'll do it. And let me say it again. Most of the murders that are being committed here are guns that were smuggling or brought in from the US of a very, very sad like that the thing I'm going for collarby. We're interviews the police, the cop and Windsor Ontario. And Windsor Ontario. I don't know what the population is. I think like 400,000 it's it's not like some Put on for like, okay, Jobi. It's a pretty precise city. about five years ago in a guy that I was from Detroit and a gun he bought in Minnesota and he came across the border and killed some. And that's the one murder he remembered. I mean it's just, hey listen. To each its own, I'm not trying to pedal on out working for the Canadian Chamber of Commerce. I like to civilize people. I like a place where you can be a little more safe. It's starting to get a little more Americanized. And of course America does export all of its insanity. The fast food, the poisoning, the whole world with a crap no matter where you go, you can't get away from it. We're driving. This is great. We're on the train going from Amsterdam Central Station to Skipple Airport, leaving Amsterdam. And out in the middle of nowhere. I mean in the middle of nowhere, because Skipple is, you know, like most airports, way out in the country, many miles from the city. And what do you think is protruding up into the sky? What letter? F. F. F. M. The big M. The big McDonald's out in Yenemsville, in the middle of nowhere, big death is out there. Just extending its testicles everywhere. But I can't imagine my more and more people are getting so fat. Can you? One-third-teen here on fat radio, man. I am so I got a putpicking it out here. You wouldn't believe it. It is just way to your see me. Why? When you see me, I'll be back to where I was before. But I always play that scan, you know? Oh look at that. He looks about like he did before. Yeah, fat, but not, you know. But right now I got an overhang. Does this sound like you? Underpaid and overworked? Would you like a new high-paying career? But you just don't have four years or maybe the cash to go to college? If this sounds like your situation, the fast train has got the solution for you. And it won't even leave a stain in Monika's dress. Pick up the phone call fast train toll free at 1-8-6-6 fast train. They can have you train in certified for a high-paying computer-neverch professional career or a high-paying medical computer specialist career in as little as four months. That's absolutely correct. You heard me right? You can be fully trained already for that new career in as little as four short months. Think about it. In just that period of time, you can be on your way to changing your life and getting yourself a real career and a brand new high-paying job. Whether you're working full-time or part-time, fast train offers convenient day, evening, a weekend classes for you. Fast train also offers job placement assistance to naturally to people who qualify. And because they're all over town, they have locations in Miami, Fort Lauderdale, Kendall and Pembroke finds, the chances are pretty damn good. There's a location nearby you. Johnny Mattford's the African Queen of Singing Chances are. So, no way, pick up that phone call fast train right now or check them out on the web first at fastrain.com and then make that call it could really change your life for the better. Call 1-866-fast train in no forget to tell them that old Todd Dreck told you to call. We're sports-winny-oh-56. You AM. The old Canada. The land that's produced rock and roll is greatest performance. And now, these legendary conucks patriots won another on this new CD, the best of Canadians singing other Canadians, featuring Anne Murray's version of this rush classic. Anne Rush's take on this Anne Murray standard. The best of Canadians singing other Canadians has all your favorite singers from Z2, A. White Celine Dion's rendition of this new young number. Oh man, look at my dad. You're a ghost like my husband. You're a ghost like my husband. New young singing Celine Dion's biggest hit. I know that my heart will go. But that's not all. There's Shania Twain singing Brian Adams. Crash test dummies doing the lattice more set. There's no wrapping the guests who, and Gordon Wright, put performing this bear naked lady's smash hit. You're copy of the best of Canadians singing other Canadians. The great white board has never been so great. Or for that matter. So white. 18 at 5.60 WQ Amateur, Doug Yannick, new and improved one at two Wednesday are. Saudi, you just fast me a story that we have in our website either yesterday. Sorry, Christian team, Newtis, Colleen planned their Tampa, but why not? I think it's on today's website. Sure, better than that Christian jail. Piles of trash, duty, lakes, races, property, deeds, and pedophiles living nearby haven't entered one man's dream of creating a Christian team, Newtis community. Maybe I didn't put it on a website, maybe I got to hear my pile. I haven't gotten too deep into my pile today, you know what? They've done that before though. What's that? Christian Newtis, uh, colonies and events and Christian Newtis. Well, what's wrong with that? Nothing. What's wrong with sin? Oh, that, a penis. That's good or something like that. Guys. Anyway, Hudson Florida is the place. Hudson, I never heard it in my life. It's 30 miles outside of Tampa. Bob, turn the man. Bill Martin has purchased about 240 acres of land in Hudson, 30 miles outside of Tampa for a little more than $1.6 million. Much of it on the site of an old Newtis colony that had fallen into this repair for which he and his business partners hoped to transform into a modern-day garden of Eden. The Bible very clearly states that when Adam and Eve were right with God, they were naked, said David Blot is a kid, the director of the project. Oh, God. When people are right with God, they don't have to fear nudity. The renovated park to be called Neh Chura would feature an open church, a giant water park for the kids, and classes and family building and strengthening marriage. Martin hopes to have enough of the trash and wooden facilities face-deproy, natureist marriage retreat and nude battles and ceremony in April. Further renovation the additions of Plan for completion within two years, he said he hasn't figured out yet what to do with, about four registered sex offenders living in around the park that we said he'll discuss with those attorneys, maybe we can get the vernacular concession. They had those digital camera binoculars now. Now I'm beginning to wonder about that piece that I keep referring to about Windsor Ontario. Well first of all, somebody faxes this and I printed that up. Oh, Windsor, Southernmost major city in Canada, is the Essex County Ontario close to Lake St. Therian Detroit over the border in Michigan, USA. Loculation is 28,000 with a metropolitan area of over 3,000 and 7,000. Windsor's motorways, the river and the land sustain us. Interestingly enough, it's the only puddle on Canada's southern border, we're crossing to the US involves heading north. Well, I'll be there. North to Detroit, and remember that song by Johnny Horton, North to Detroit. I don't either. I just have a story here because I did a search murder rate in Windsor Ontario, which I can't really find what I'm looking for. But I found an amazing story from a magazine called 14850 magazine by Laurie Robinson Keegan. I'm maybe at the end of it, it says who she is. Oh, life mother and jazz vocalist is a voice instructor at Ithaca's Glymbi School of Music and Arts. She holds a music degree from Ithaca College and has found that it makes an excellent spare place mad for those unexpected guests. Her music degree. And the story is about Windsor Ontario and Detroit, and that's not what this is. That's not the right story. About the murder rate in Detroit is 14 OIC. It's about censorship in America. When a statistics banned by promoting the censorship are compared with other statistics just as factual, just as black and white the picture shifts considered this off-coated statistic. The murder rate in Detroit, Michigan is 14 times higher than the murder rate of Windsor Ontario, which shares the same TV stations. Many people are exposed to violent media. Don't commit senseless criminal acts. It seems media is not the only problem in censorship, but the media is probably not a real solution. So her the column is basically all about censorship. But the idea that, oh, we've got too much violence and too much sex and yaddi adi adi. But the people are watching the same shows. And of course all the same shows are on in Europe too. Are they killing each other over there? No. No. All the same shows. They're all on. All the violent shows, all the sexy shows, which are a lot more than you'll see on your West TV by far. But don't confuse people with the facts. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. QAM, hello. Are your panties wet? WDQM, hello. Hello? Yes, sir. Like the self in there? Speaking. Neil? Yes. Um, two more people to add to your list. Okay. Uh, about the two reverings. Sharpen, um, exactly. Sharps in a politician. We got the adi jacked on her. Thank you. Doesn't it say politicians excluded? Yeah, yeah. This is kind of hard. Well, they can't be listed in the whole four hours. Unfortunately, they tuned into here our big one to two hour. Look at that phone. Little week there. This is going to be for a second. To inscremus. I mean, you know, if this is what the audience wanted, they'd better live up to their part of their bargune. You know what I mean? Otherwise, you'd be amazed at how fast we can go back. We got 80 billion comedy bits in the DCS computer. Oh, oh. Politicians excluded what well-known living persons grave would you love to dance on? Rush Limba 143. OJ Simpson 84. They hate you, OJ. And quarter that skanky bitch, 50 that post-traummy hangin' slut. More Howard dividend 44 that obnoxious old troublemaker piece of crap, koot. Pat Robertson 36, Jerry Falwell 31, Rosio Donald 23. Bill O'Reilly 17, Louis Ferrican 14, Greg Reed's got a dozen. Michael Jackson Rich Sanch has 11 apiece. Mike Tyson 8, Howard sperm 7, Rosanne Var5, Oli North have 5, Martha Stewart's got 4. Just look the whole bunch of Pete Rose 4, Larry King 3, DC Jackson's 3 Bob Novak 2, Sean Hannity 2, Chuck Heston 2, Deonsander's a pair. Gordon Litties got one, Mad Drogis got one. I got one, to big always got one. Oh! And no votes yet for Laura Ingraham. I can't believe that. Or look at a whole bunch of people with no votes. Mariah Carey, Don I'm as they figure why bother has been dead for 20 years. Temi-fade Baker, George Will, Michael Savage, Anonical Smith and PD Volger. I told you he told you you get a lot of votes tonight. None. Well once the video people start voting, this'll be on the way through. And not only that, but the most important statistic here since we got a lot of numbers going on, 533 plus 401 is what? 934 last time I checked, right? Okay. Hey listen, don't be on an attack. Oh sorry, numbers. That means we need only 66 votes for a thousand that they're doing the show. All right. Is that record brought to you? I think it's a little inaccurate when you reset the poll then the people that have voted get to the voting. It doesn't make any difference. That's that's bogus man. That's not the point. There's still votes on a poll. They still have right. Physically go in the in the in the ankle and of course part of the reason being that so pop of the days we got that bush. The bush. Oh yeah. Oh. I'm telling you if you tune in late, you've got to go to near Rogers.com today. If you never usually go to it or you never go to it again, trust me when I tell you. This will be more fun than Spank and the old monkey. It's a beautiful thing. The this on is W. Living Action figure. Better turn on my speaker again. I don't hear it. What's just happening? I heard a click. No that's the click but that's not the. Oh, I just got a load again. See once you go off of that page. Oh, I see. He's nine. Huh? I just opened up a new window. What a fool I am and I should have saved mine. But you can. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You can be a pump in an old Alaylam and every time. Yeah. Like I know at 0 5 60 productivity, probably 60 got the bill among my friends can make the. This following the neighbors kids. WK. Oh, yes sir. I honestly wanna do a poll on working to improveosh toxic. I think so. You want I'm gonna go QAM okay, thanks a lot, Pally okay Yeah, yeah, that's something the fact that we got this awful awful semi did I dream that or did somebody tell me that our signal is A hell of a lot worse than usual I don't know maybe you'd rub it. I don't think so. I think are so of course it could be much worse than usual We'd have nobody else, but don't forget HD digital baby. Yeah, but if you got one of them HD digital our rainbows Of which there are only a few in existence The entire world and we sound spiffy, boy. I'd love to hear that. I'd love to hear the comedy material Yeah, I'm sorry. I'm gonna go to Ryan. We're a stereo. I like the year we got him in stereo and bring a tear to my eye Yeah, the I six seven. I'm your friend that weapons. Oh the armchair warrior armchair warrior and be good. It's great 560 5050 5050 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line if you're wondering if it's Wednesday YouTube and where's all that good comedy bed stuff Schmidt can gone history. Bye-bye You click a vote on in the first hour this morning and being the Democratic effort way the audience said and it was it was pretty close 53 and a half percent said ditched dump it Schmidt can it and 43 and a half percent of the Opleas keep doing it So maybe maybe this once in a great while when they've used expected not as a regular feature. You know what I mean? Right keep them off always keep them off balance as a sucker punch Right like like a Miss Tanner would say well, you know the rating start on Thursday by the way the rating start tomorrow The a winner books is Thursday. I just mentioned that starts tomorrow And don't forget what I said about Mo. Remember what I said yesterday? Oh, you say a lot of things all the time about No January, February and March these three months I'm gonna stick my foot so far up his ass that my toes will be tickling his muskrats bottom Jesus Christ 28 past one at five 60 WQM. It's the last mortgage you'll ever need it's the only one mortgage from Financial group the benefits are incredible zero closing calls zero application fees zero credit bureau fee Zero discounted points get the unbelievable new low interest rate of just one point two five percent If you have a hundred thousand dollar loan your payments are a mirror if you have it in 34 bucks a month If you have a 200 thousand dollar loan you pay only 60 at a month And don't forget what you be finance to get new home mortgage from financial group you'll never ever pay closing costs again So call toll free right now find out about it call 1 800 940 land get the low rate mortgage You deserve and then you can move to your next property without any further cost of expense Zero underwriting fees zero dock fees zero closing costs even like I said when you move to another property Get yourself that new low rate financing. It's just 1.25 percent It's the only one mortgage from financial group for all the details call today 1 800 940 land and never pay closing costs again financial group 1 800 940 L-END the Renequilousing lender restrictions do apply rates are something change monthly 4.21 APR For you Message from the Uber ride will have their tables offline as the troops come home dead They find the comfort of the night I'm under the bed I never served in armant I'm too afraid of five So I sit right here near the TV far from the rural class under their covers you discover I'm a big decision It would prefer to have some mother do the fighting for play now. This country I love is Occupy and Iraq and all the sellers like me who's next are Fred in the fact have our tongues All place firmly in pushes big brown eye the big mouth now words of the world who gladly follow blind Hey, I'll go Sam up to a parade to fight or enlist But you can count on me to watch TV and shake my face and my flag will fly from the back of my frog Not gonna be out of tune of victory I'd have the f*** and my view of the old map world is what I see on Fox News Yeah, I'm an art heir warrior who knows better than you I'm an in-bred jerk who parrots anything they say don't have the reader assert it's so much easier There's way to watch TV or looking pictures in USA today with my finger up I have as a jiggle my brain And I'll go Sam up to a parade to fight or enlist but you can count on me to watch TV and shake my face and my flag So I can pull on my hood to proudly show the swat's that good fact you don't like us the Saudis are our best friends in the world Not those Iraqis or Jews Oh, yeah, I'm an armchair warrior who knows better than you You know that inspired me for tomorrow's pool and you'll never guess what I'm gonna be asking tomorrow I already got a written up What's your favorite thing what? What I'm in what American city would you find the highest percentage of goobers? Who is it a great sure? That's one of my favorite pools at all times and guess what I voted I already got one on there Let me get that because I'm going through the list in my head Let me get you this clue. Let me give you a clue. Oh, yeah, oh man, sir Even Nashville can't hold a candle to him talk about a bunch of ingread Yahoo of geeks Remember that the guy that had the belly over there No need to say isn't in business no mole. Yeah. You don't remember him because he was bitten by five minutes Nothing like opening up a belly in Tampa would a bunch of redneck going Anyway, that's gonna be tomorrow. I love that the highest percentage and not not the most but the highest percentage like maybe a hundred percent Goobers. I would say there's a few like rational ordinary people in Tampa That's it and and and they looked apart, you know like we always talk about how the born again Christians the real religious fanatics Have the deep set eyes like they're about cool eyes, you know, and then the thing with a people in the places like Tampa They all have like the orange hair and they're like cartoon characters. Yeah Man, he all is a very strange place anyway Eric is working over time He is doing it well before that Kobe Bryant something nominated for our poll. Let's get Kobe on there You know what he's gonna get what time is being gonna get What man You're right take it to the bank. They're gonna be a slap on a wrist. He's got a run fast and jump high and slam a jam at a ball man You know, I have time to be going to jail Kobe you'll see and they like that beef too Oh and speaking of meat Win one of our regular facts is and thank you so much says I've had the new wraps at subway and very good They look good on the TV add but then again so does everything else The wrap itself has got five net grams of carbs I prefer the chicken bacon wrap because it's got cube chicken breast while the turkey bacon wrap has got sliced Also the chicken map has three less grams of carbs You can have any six in sub as a wrap for 50 cents extra although I've been unable to convince the Indians running my local subway of this he says well let's say Carbs See this is this is one of the things that atkins pedals for it's the for example the chicken bacon ranch Show's 19 grams of carbs But atkins always says oh, but it doesn't that the body doesn't absorb you out of it So he tries to probably that's only like four or five carbs. I don't know if that's true or not Do you know what I mean? No, what do you mean the turkey bacon melt? Oh, this is got Canadian values. Oh US values Canadian values The turkey bacon melt has got 22 grams of carbs, but the of atkins would tell you he's taken different two these days since he had that fall He said he's probably only about four five. Yeah, he's singing one tomato Anyway, Eric as I started to say before got whipped up with my food again. There he goes with that fat stuff He went back and he dug out the dates now the reason that the first poll said oh Was because was only a demonstration pool. That's why I had zero that was October 12, 1998 Now it seems to me that we started on a QAM and December the summer 30th 97 is there right that sounds right? Yeah We started December 30th, 97 because I told Duff Lindsey who was calling on behalf of Greg Reed to tell me that the studio wasn't gonna be ready on time I told him while somewhere I'll be on the year December 30th either QAM or someplace else and voila There was that make-believe studio And at last weekend boy the night before there was George Corso and a bunch of other monkeys running all around Stuff being shipped in from Philadelphia trying to put equipment together with the most patchwork pathetic piece of crap And Greg takes his whole family and heads off to Chicago being the coward that he is what would you do? But he knew all that I do I'd go to Toronto I wouldn't come home Too many shards is there but at any rate Let's see our first real poll was on February 9th 2000 As long as I live I'll never forget that day that I'm sitting down there on the second floor you must remember it Two remember all that summer we had to play I had to keep playing music right because the phones work working I didn't realize it the phone was broke most of the time and the one day I'm sitting there and I'm saying Few you and your foolish mid-eye every word that's ever it's like that bit on this CTV Where the guy sitting there big and for a call finally the phone reads it's a wrong number And I couldn't make the phone ring for love or money and I finally picked it up and manually and the phone lines are all dead And it did that way for like a half an hour and I'm sitting there having a stroke trying to find out how come nobody is listening Nobody is calling and the phone was dead nice going Greg no one you got it doesn't vote so on a pool People would like to dance on your grave In fact, let's see is he he's probably a 13 like I said not a lucky number Greg. Oh, look out February 9th 2000 was our first real pool Okay, now what are these other numbers here? I don't understand two Oh, I see he's he's got them by number. I support us this Eric. What did you do to him? Nothing You must have put the fear of God Oh, God hammer something because his labor of love has expanded into the labor of Like an orgy He is just obsessed with doing this website. I'm going Eric. We appreciate it. And spider watch George says I team till two or five 60 WQM I know something I'm glad we're not doing the comedy bits anymore. I really am I don't know if it'll have any impact or change anything the phones are smoking there I'm not that I'm gonna talk to him right now, but it just I don't know that was like a lazy Sure, it was lazy I mean you get fat lazy in complacent. That's just not the good way to go. I mean we have to like fight the good fight and that's how pretty good Cool, crap anyway speaking of fat people. Oh, and you know what I haven't said even once today and he didn't get through Hi, I'm Kelly there you go because we're gonna talk about dollar mattress. That's his account If I if he's probably laying his big fat ass on a mattress somewhere right now if he's not over there getting a handjob downtown if that's a place you staying out For sure, anyway Call our friends at dollar mattress today 1-800 mattress you can be sleeping as soon as tonight just like fat boy Can be laying pro now on a really hot mattress maybe doing some hot stuff kick off a new year by treating your back and your health right because Nothing can improve your daily health well being in productivity better than getting a good night sleep night in a night out So celebrate the new year with a new mattress and dollar mattress color by now They're proud of added stirrens and foster to there already strong unbeatable champine ship lineup Students and fosters the finest mattress made America today and you can sleep on one as soon as tonight If you make that call now 1-800 mattress and as always our friends at dollar mattress carry the complete line of all the top names in a world They got them all you want them. They got it. Singley, sure. This Simmons King Quarrel temper peatik Choose from dozens of models at low unbeatable every day low discount prices and only dollar mattress Let's you pick that the two are delivery window that meets your schedule any day the week seven days from 8 an a.m. til 10 the p.m. With low prices same day delivery free set of her move. It's easy for anybody to see that dollar mattress is the best in the world of customer satisfaction I've been doing it for years George Miguel just about everybody at QM in fact If I would make out of self-cand it's a one thing he really missed out on was getting a stream actress from dollar macros call them today toll free at 1-800 macros 1-800 ma ttr ES or check them out online at Macris dot com My Vier's support video five sixties you a May And said, he's the one, he gets, now they, I don't need one, they get, they don't know Don't put your guns in town, we got it, I will open and say, we got it We won't attack this song, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it We should not eleven, we'll take off, you're to the wind And could any gunner that'll own party, come to the wind You believe in what they say, and they say, like they're going to pull a little fool I say you can't raise, but stay in your state so they're going to pull One, we got it, we got it, Tid road, oh we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it and we got it We got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it, we got it 989 votes today, can you believe that? I realize this too, separate Paul's, but you know you're nitpicking You just don't make trouble. That means we only need 11 more to get to a thousand. Okay. I don't care what you're impressed and I'm impressed. Okay. Anyway, I'm impressed with Robert Shirscom. Chris almost always am because he's great. Hey, he's great. Hey, he's great. Hey, he's great. Hey, he's great. Hey, he's great. Don't forget to read that Robert Shirscom. Oh yeah. Lord knows what Robert's in once. At first before I saw the light, I didn't believe that God actually told Pat Robertson the George W. Bush would suit the November election. And just employ a self-indulgent partisan hack with a history of bigotry and greed as his finmeister. We all know that Robert Shirscom is a long time supporter of Bush and that the president is adhered to the Reverend's right wing agenda. But would Robertson dare use the Lord's name and vain for partisan politics? But he rip off God's clout just to boot his can't boost his candidate's chances? No, I don't believe Robert Shirscom if he were to turn it in hell would be so bold. So I take him at his word. I think George Bush has been a win in a walk. He said, I really believe I'm hearing from the Lord that it's going to be a blowout election in 2004. He told his television flock citing several days of prayer at the end of 2003. The Lord is just blessed him. I mean he could make terrible mistakes and comes out of it. It doesn't make any difference what he does, but are bad. God picks him because he's a man of prayer in God's blessing him, he said. The Lord had said, worse than mysterious ways, so Robertson's report that God has picked a presidential winner before the first primary may not be all to get it crazy. After all, one of the tenets of the Protestant Revolution which has developed in some quarters in the Robertson's brand of cynical telebandialism was that we were all capable of hearing voices of the divine. The Divine or not Robertson heard some voices, and the explanation for why God might have chosen to speak up in favor of a president, made such a hash of our economy and foreign policy, can't even be in a dream. The Almighty of Booming Voice told me he was using Robertson to warn the electorate while there's still time that the Zashter was in the offering. Yes, he was saying the election could be a blowout, but he wasn't saying that that was a good thing. Robertson missed the point of always said, I couldn't get it all being half asleep, but I heard was something about the Roman Empire and the sacrifice of his only son. That said, I said, bolding awake, of course the Lord has aghasted the imperial ambitions of the Neo Conservatives, after all had any sent Christ to warn about the greed, elitism, jinguism, commercial decadence and other indulgences that were endemic in a world distorted by the arrogance of the Roman Empire. A world in which the money changes were worshipers and the poor were exploited, a world in which the military was lavished with resources, while the peacemakers were scorned. The Romans who are arguably the most economically and militarily advanced forth the world is ever known. But in their humorous as the world's sole superpower, they came to believe that might made right in their fight to conquer the barbarians who surrounded them. Those who criticized the Romans' ultimate reliance on brute force and false argument were dismissed, with references to the exalted goals of the Empire, to advance Roman civilization and impose a lasting peace, goals that now have an eerie echo. That must be the essence of the warning that the Lord sent down through the admittedly imperfect vessel of Robertson. Perfect however for the purpose of alarming us to Robertson's fonding enthusiasm for Bush, no one is better exemplified betrayer of the Christian commitment to peace and free will. It was Robertson after all who subterne the war against terrorism and a religious war against those he defined as infantils, and he lived in Christ's time he probably would have been the Roman Emperor's groupie. I see a blowout in the year 37 for Tiberius. He certainly would have been thrown out of the temple for closing up to dictators, just such as his dealings with former Liberian president Charles Taylor and his quest for riches in the gold mining venture in that nation. Fortunately the citizens of our Republic haven't survived surrender all their rights to the needs of our burgeoning Empire, but rest assured that a blowout victory for the administration that has stripped away so much of our liberty and sailed us with ever-spending burdens of Empire, but only feed the monster of Imperial ambition that has even God so worried. What a good column by Robertshear in the early times today. It's on our website. See we're like interspers one here one there like you know a little bit little taste ticking into water. That's the way we'll be doing it. We got a thousand and a what? We need the 590 and 9. Ah! Are you looking at it? Oh the pole? Yeah. Take a look at it right now. Take a look at it. Yeah I'm looking. What does it say? 599. Oh right! Oh right! How is that possible or what? I think I'm blessed. Oh God. I think the God has impued me with the special powers. 599 exactly on our second poll which puts us at even 1000 for the day. The politicians excluded what the famous well-known living person would you like to dance on their grave? I'm doing pretty well by the way. I'm moving up. I got the 5. I'm pad with Martha Stewart, Al-A-North and Rosanne Bar. You go girl. Yeah. And I'm only one head of I am. People usually say when getting in, he's got three. People usually got three baby. He's moving on up. All the people living screwed over and had their lives here by that son of bitch. They're voting. Rush Limbao though one 61 and won't catch rush. OJ Simpson 94. I'll tell you one thing. That is really something. When you can pass OJ, you remember the days when OJ was like Moa was he was unbeatable. He was the king and the queen. Just like Moa was for one. No matter what poll we'd put the Moa mice to run, you couldn't touch him. For the stick. Absolutely. Even a burning branded iron. But now Rush has just so angered and disgusted and revolted with his hypocrisy and his pro-popic and his bushman. That they despise him with a purple passion. 161 votes OJ 94 almost double. And curfers, he's doing pretty well at bitch 55. Moa Howard David is 46 is usual. Making a good running. Pat Robertson 39. Jerry Falwell 33 and every little small, small pathetic is after that. 560560 pound 560 on a AT&T in Verizon line. WQM. Hello. WQM. Hello. Hey, New York, how's it going? Okay. Good. I like to add Don King Beautiful. Okay, somebody mentioned that before, but we were a brim mist. We didn't put him on it. We'll stick him. Okay. Pick him. And his stadium back in Palm Beach County, where he belongs. Nice throw though, Don. See this is another thing. Here's a guy who is widely suspected to be a murderer. Although so is 50 cent, isn't he? Yeah, no, that's just part of the life style. Part of the stick murder. What do you mean part of the lifestyle? What are you trying to do? I see. Oh, I've part of the lifestyle. That's what God brought. That's what God brought. That's what God brought. That's what God brought. That's what God brought. That's what God brought. Make a shoot in me. There's a very disturbing interview. If you go to the CNN website with Robert Duval, always loved Robert Duval. I still do. I love his acting, but I don't know. Of course, you can take anything out of context, but it just makes him sound like such a hard-ass and a whiner and complainer. So don't read it. If you like Robert Duval, he says in Godfather 3, that they paid, but he wouldn't have minded a foul, but you know, God double the pay. But he got like four times he amounted that they offered him and he said, screw it. And he said that Francis Ford Copa, came to his house to discuss it and all he cared about was some recipe that, seriously. In retrospect, I think Robert made the right choice. Yeah. Yeah. You're right. Oh, and by the way, speaking of that. What is this? All these awards that Sophie Acropolis get in now? What is that all about? As a director? Oh, my God. Certainly not as an actress. Oh, well, well, not for the world's largest nose. She did her youth, where she admitted that that was a horrible mistake that she had to be. Horrible mistake. The only good thing in that the movie was when, finally, she took one in a chest and they had a bad part of it. It took the hallway to almost the end of the movie to happen. She said she wished she hadn't done it. She only ever wanted to direct and that's all she's going to do from now on. God, almighty. Sophie. Sophie. Don't do it Sophie. Oh, I'll tell you one thing. As amateur hour as her performance was, she hadn't excused because it was all nepotism. Right. But what about Eli Wallick? What was his excuse? I don't know. Boy. I saw, I watched some of that on a plane. I write, put it going over in the 1777 and they all three got father movies. So I watched a little bit of that again. His performance from the beginning till he finally choked on that canoli. Yeah. Maybe maybe we could have an Eli Wallick doll. Like the Bush woman got today and he could be gagging on the canoli. That would be great. 155 at 560. WKM if you're looking at your carpets in your gag and because the company from Christmas and Chinooka New Year's is left your house looking like a mess. Here's the answer for you. Have your carpets, your area rugs, your drapery, all professionally clean by our good friends by concepts. I've been using them in my house for over 20 long and Swedish eight years now and boy to win a Zillion other companies that are coming gone in town during the period of time they've been around and they're still going stronger than ever because of the best in the world. They make your carpets look just like brand new no matter how much your hopeless they look right now. They're certified trade neck nitions, reading all their stuff and they give you written guaranteed price upfront before they even start doing the job. So if we want brand new looking carpets that are fracted across to replacing your carpets, these are the people you want to call your carpets to be dry in a couple of hours. You're really ready to rock and roll again. And when you do call dry concepts, ask our can say 15% of net carpets cleaning by being put under stand by list. Call them today toll free. Nobody can even touch them. Call 1-800-248-5071. That's 1-800-248-5071. The log under their prestigious website at dryconcepts.com. My life and low all this is for 3056. You're a year. Hi! I'm Sophia Copola. When I'm not acting, which is most of the time, I like to cruise around with my famous father. Pick a love soapy. Yes daddy. And I'm really learning to date direction well too. Pick a ride soapy. Yes daddy. And now I'm even doing car. I'm even doing car. Commercials. Commercials. Oh, do you know what I mean? Oh daddy. What do you think this is? Anyway. Get the nuts. Buy these hobos wheel. Oh, down soapy. You can't wait. Get stupid. And go. One-fifthie we got the bad dog coming along at 2. We got the booster for Hank again for the second day in a row. Hank, Mr. N. This is not the way to start the new year, you know it. When you think after all the dick and around all the substitutions and the vacations in the year, you know, this is the time to be healthy to be slim and trim like me. You know, come on, hopper get with it. We want to load back tomorrow. That's a loading to even close. I mean, the book used to be a load, but now he's like about half. Good guy in the booster, but boy, his talk show. And in fact, I put him right in there with the big old. Not that the booster doesn't know what he's talking about. That's a difference. It's just that he's so nandy, panty doesn't want to say anything. Although he was good that they called in from the parade. That was great. That was special. WM, our last call today, I believe. Hello. You know, on the, you know, catching a Sophia Copley in the movie, you know the story, right? That, that, the probably should be for when owner writer and she backed out at the very last note, literally like the last week before production. I'll be there. She's probably busy shoplifting in Macy's. Exactly. Exactly. And, and, and, and Sophia Copley was a, was a production assistant. He was the only one that uses a the script. And so she stepped in. I'll be there. So, so, so in other words, we thought all along was just blatant the nepotism and to come to find out it wasn't quite so bad. It was it was blatant desperation, actually. Okay, thanks a lot. Only the nose nose. He Sophia, Mary, Mary, Danny. Yeah. Why, that was enough to, you wanted to give a stay would have been important taste, but you wanted to do a standing with a, you know, that point of view. It was like, our theater, we applied it. Did you really? Yeah. The whole theater should shame on you. I was standing in a plotting when Eli Wallick ate the last gun only. It was a beautiful thing. Oh, and speaking of those chocolate cover gun always like from Doris Market. Anyway, that's it. We broke the record over a thousand votes during the show today, even though George wants to put an asterisk next to it. 625 and the 401 is 1026 sounds like to me. Man of dog coming along next board of papia. They're going to kick some ass this weekend. And is he going to be jealous about it or what? Bye bye. You know, you hate seafood. You know, you hate seafood.