I'm a roe from public hand. One tanker, Monius, Chris God. My colleagues have a think tank. Wherewithe a lot of cranks. And dress up like we're all this stuff. Oh, oh. I'm a roe from public hand. One tanker, Monius, Chris God. My colleagues have a think tank. Wherewithe a lot of cranks. And dress up like we're all this stuff. Oh, we'll tell you what's just in life. And I don't run your life. Oh, God, Monius, go much higher. Oh, oh. And run aside what you should think. While dressed in paint. As we rinse the nuts off of you, come back. When you open your brains, the stars. And the answers. Here's the tax of my account. And here's a straight to show. Oh, oh. We're the product of bush. And slave art bush. Some media's in our control. Sometimes gun asker off comes around. Puzz his pants down. Or up the put our tongues up his phone. Or not. When you go free, train and rest. And I'm a Mexican. And I'm a Mexican. Oh, oh. For four six, I would you go be transvestite. And I'm a Mexican. And I'm a Mexican. Oh, oh. Oh, oh. Oh, oh. Oh, oh. Oh, oh. So to it, five sixty WKM happy Monday happy Martin Luther King Day, but I'd say Martin Luther. Cunder this year, George or somebody. Get really upset about that. Be cut. Happy Martin Luther King Junior Day. That's doctor. How about the Patriots and that's doctor Dean the you, Mister. That's Doctor Dean. That's Doctor Dean. We got a lot of vests that to catch up on. I know the levels are all over the place the speakers are all screwed up But the good part of it is there's nobody here. Oh, that's the best part because it's a busman's holiday Didn't look like no holiday on the turnpark this morning coming to work yet. These levels are all screwed up in here too George is under the table. I think he's looking for Cheryl under there Maybe she'll go to the dentist today so she can open wide but it anyway I say I agree with you. I think that the Joe Rose sexual from eight to ten will be a gigantic improvement over the David and Danny and Danny and David. Oh, I don't know a big red at that. How you drive the ladies? He's a married a couple times He's got he's gotten later. Here is I'm sure a big football player big jock Probably been around the new Elijah California jock know less. Can you imagine? Wow The stories that he could tell way better than that Aaron summers proved show right honey bears honey bears Who do I want to hear that crap? Oh, I don't forget see Alice What if you can't get it up see Alice He'll get it up for it. No see Alice is the new Viagra oh They were they were promoted on the games. I think we're shooting you didn't see it because you want to own football Yeah, like the Patriots kicking some serious cool man All right Yeah, but they were lucky and they got all the calls. You know what to bet jealousy sour grapes That's this town man sour grapes here is always whining and how come we couldn't do this? We couldn't do that mean time Robert crap goes out and he has the best coaching football and it wouldn't The Super Bowl two years ago to go to do it again this year Nothing could be finer than beaten up on Carolina What I always said so anyway George is the only white man in America who didn't watch that ball game yesterday both of them Look at the second game was so boring. I don't know whoever it was playing Patriots and somebody Okay, so like I said what Nothing just you better get with it mister you're gonna be way out there under fringes of who's I already was This way this rating book that came out. Oh, stick it in place baby You just do the show on both lines Okay, I'll do the size and George will translate Don The Little doll Rimes with duck So anyway, there's a say the crews are gonna be playing lots of city accrues. I understand that there's eight Zillion resilience now taken over pumping of beach and do your field beach where did they come from? We saw the Brazil billion Brazilian where did they come from how did they get here? Smuggling is that part of the new open leg and open ass policy of George W. Is that what it's all about? It goes since 9-11 since we out really secured the border right and we're being really careful now No, no seriously where did how did Brazilians come from and what tell do they want to be here for anyway? We don't like cross dresses that much here Across breeders so anyway the book him out Friday I noticed my close personal friend Mo and we better get that straight now. I thought I straighted that out a couple of days ago. Yeah No, I clarify that on this show a couple of days ago right So you know he kind of sucked me in there so to speak for one day. Oh, yes my good friend That Baba I know after we had a shouting match in a parking lot and I said I can't do it and I can't and I won't You make me nauseous mo, but I will you know I'll talk to him like this morning I drive into work. There's nobody here except the on the air people And I pull into parking lot under there and he's got I see his headlights around and that big good You won't be on his red mode over that thing. What is that that white a Jaguar is it? I think so well whatever And so I see he's in there so he's gonna he's ready to pull out That's where guilty city loves it when mobile's out and And he would have thought if there was gonna be any verbal intercourse it would have been right there because I'm just getting out of my car got my little briefcase And instead as I'm getting out he whips around and then goes outside the thing and it stops in front of the bushes So I guess he wanted to be safe Just in case I brought my water pistol or something and he stops on the other side of the bushes rolls down the window and he waves and I wave back And because I'll be civil team all I mean I'll speak to you a little bit about here that much anyway. Thank God, but I can't stand you And he's the only I was just thinking he's the only person I know who talks to you like this He that's the same Stentorian pontification off the air as you get on here. See now with forwell He was the same off the years on here, but at least he was fine. He was you know He was a panic. He was funny guy. There ain't nothing funny about mole Especially when you know that it's him against the world in other words in his mind the whole world is out of step Except him he's he's goose step in the longest the way you're supposed to and all the rest of us were out of step So nobody is ever gonna meet up to his expectations And I heard the comments about the book and he's gonna help us out. What can we do to and he's gloating about the fact that they dropped the least Anybody on the station in the last to a book when I came out on Friday they dropped the least The only problem that being that they're still the lowest rated they part on the station And they still have the lowest chair, but other than that And it wasn't minutes you all it was like a half a point and when you're only starting out with like a what do they got? I don't want to give a wrong number when you got a 5-3 which was great counting that bogus October And that's not about 4-8 still my bad, but what's gonna happen more than they lose the October next trend you know what I mean? Uh-oh You follow what I'm saying no in addition to which on probably Wednesday Wednesday will have the hour by hour and we'll see who is doing it in there between you know in the fall book right Comes down to it, but keep in mind his philosophy. It's not important that you succeed But everybody else fails worth the new do Right, so if he'll drop the only problem to me that we were number two and I got a nice bonus out of that through some miracle Because overall the station was number three and the afternoon was like what do they get? They were also number two and no wait, we're not where they number three So number two and a midday number three and a half noon and tied for fourth and a month to check Right, that's right for some of us So don't spend that bonus all around place more and I'm delighted that you dropped only minstery Man in total denial just forget about it. Here's the pull from Friday Which in these do you care about the most should have put bidding laid on there? I bet you I bet you Cheryl would have voted 100 times Human pin cushion The NFL playoffs for 117 let's hear it for those pets Quit being such a bunch of sorry losers down here man so sad Oh, gee they're lucky and the officials didn't make those calls. Yeah NFA playoffs for 17 the Iowa primary 253 it's two day baby. This is the big day Anybody care about it? No When is mole leaving 195 can you believe that more people were concerned about when is mole leaving them when is Dave once that leaving Which I think it's quite an accomplishment. I told him a couple of days ago that we all him Hockey hundred Hockey hundred 62 big game the staff noted the macarine as the Martin Luther King annual holiday day show game at five a safe known blues and we blues and your Panthers Bobby Le Longo by the way Made 50 saves against tap of Saturday on be the leave a Bobby your god talking tell you he's the whole team He's it the best he I don't know I don't want to hear about Mark Tambbro dur and this one and that one he's the best period He's phenomenal for him. They wouldn't even know or contendery they wouldn't even compete in any game anybody know who reverts all along boys No, no Hockey hundred 62 which are very suspect wins for outcome at back 159 out of 1637 both is he still down here to we know Would he look at me like that for I don't know well that's what was my question? We don't know Once we're all come back 159 when is Dave wants that leaving 149 mo ahead and beat by a pretty good margin Who killed cock robin 143? I just do that in that we were find out not yet. We're still working on it. We're still working on the robin part sending a man to the moon hundred and eight the Michael Jackson case only 28 he hopped up on that limo and even Jeffrey Tuban on CNN was hypervettolating this morning About it was one the most dramatic things he's ever seen and I thought to myself what an asshole Like everything that they do it aren't or is Norchester and I say they him and his handlers. It's all orchestrated And he gets up on there and he's like you know clapping his hands and snapping the fingers and all these morons these lunatics these lifeless crazy people You know that would be a good pull someday Which which celebrity has the most pathetic fan? Elvis OJ Michael Jackson. I'm sure there's some others. I mean, you're looking at those people. Yeah, Oprah That's a big good pull. Maybe we'll do that. We do that tomorrow the sickest cult. Yeah following. Oh It's just it's tragic and then you think back to the oh you go OJ Here's the guy that just butchered murdered two people and pulled they want white people though I bigger part they were white people but he mean they were white people he murdered white people Yeah, but most of the people on the bridges were white people too that were cheering him on I didn't see that yeah Well, you better get with it mister just because he used to wear a jack I was sitting in the moon one-to-wait Michael Jackson case only 28 So I better not read that stuff from the inquire, but I will anyway because you're lying and Scott Lacy Peterson case only 22 which we don't we don't address that on this show. We don't recognize them They're like red China What I don't care about that. I don't care about that. I don't care about that Storan. I don't care about him. I don't care about her rest in peace the baby. I don't care about why why should I care because the media Since I'm supposed to care I don't give a crap. I care about all those other ones. We're not here to them Right I care about every other murderer victim that we don't hear about whoever they mark me. Let us know there Okay, let's so we'll do the free up two polls today the first one of course you know what that's gonna be because we got the Iowa caucus tonight You know something about that right? Why not not sure Second caucus or Michael do caucus 12 on the Saturday 10 at 5. 60 QM. We actually got a few spots today Yeah Fuck behind go back behind it again or under it Farther I Look at the blue. The bad bad blue. Till time is a party girl. Can I read me? Can I read me? Can I read you? Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh. Really loves the ball. Major Spank. Ooh, ooh, ooh. You've been more scared to get in Jackie's Johnson on the channel. So that's what he was supposed to get. Yeah. He's coming out. Yeah. It's a 1018. I don't know why that. But she's scrawny. She's, you know, she's got no answer. The only reason that appears that she's got big teaches because the rest of her body's like pencil thin. It's not much there. But anyway, if she gets you off, but she gets you all excited. Yeah, if not, go see Alice. Or go see Cheryl. So here's the first poll today. Who are you pulling for? Can we stay pulling for on here? Not anymore. Yeah, you're right about these speakers. There's something really dick. But hey, we don't care. I rather have it all screwed up and not have anybody here. Wouldn't you? If we have to choose between getting the speakers working on all the equipment right or have nobody here, we'll take the way it is right now. How will we work it out? We've done a fine job. Yeah, we're virtual holiday. We're still on here. We got to Spots going. Look at that tremendous response on the phone here so far. QAM. Pretty good. Happy holiday to you. Yeah, happy everything. I've been on. I've been pulling for Howard Dean a lot lately, but I was listening on CNN to Scary Harry. And he used to seem to be a little bit stronger in views and Howard Dean. Dean is a Dean itself distracting. I know I still think he's been a winner. I think Dean is still going to win the Iowa caucus tonight. But I think he's he's self-immelating. You see, that part's clinging victory. He's done. He's done. He's done. He's done. He's got the black vote now. On his side. Oh, does he? Well, how many black people are there in Iowa? About 30. Yeah. How are we going, Neil? Okay, YouTube. Here's the latest, the final Zagby poll from Iowa. With the caucuses going on today tonight. We can all sit there, can't sit around the TV breathlessly. No, we won't. Or should we sit in breathlessly, I gathered around it? No. How about the TV? Well, Paul and Iowa, the Raiders MSNBC Zagby Schwartz Puppek poll, carry 25% Dean 22%. John Edwards 21%, Dick Abhart in fourth place at 18%, who has no more money, and if he doesn't when Iowa is finished, he won't even say that, but he's done. He's done anyway. So there you go. Carry 25% Dean 22, Edwards 21, give Hart fourth 18%. So that's our first poll that they will keep it up till noon, and we'll work on this and we'll be working on our poll. Who are you pulling forward today as Iowa caucuses? And they only put the names, is Sharpton, he was in the debates. Yeah, right? So, care mostly brown, she's out because she dropped out and supported Dean. Clark is not competing in Iowa, and either is due a Lieberman. Although he was in the debates, but I'm not putting him on anyway, because he's not going to do nothing. Who are you pulling forward today as Iowa caucuses? Carry Edwards Dean, give Hart, who said it Sharpton, none of them I'm for Bush. It just scares me to even say the words now, you know, just it's terrifying to even say that. I'm for Bush. Oh God, say it again, it hurts. So that's our first poll, we'll get it up there in a meantime, the second poll. I'll be for we do that. Police stop playing arrest murder suspect in Miami. Police stop the taxing plane yesterday to arrest a man they say killed his ex-girlfriend and her mother and left your four-year-old daughter wandering around Miami International Airport. Jason Nelson, 26, was arrested by Dave Police early yesterday morning. The body of 21-year-old Robin Golder was found in a wooded area by Dave Police about 4 a.m. Sunday morning, said the Lee County Sheriff's Office spokeswoman Iliana Lee Marcie. Golder's daughter was found at the airport's been reunited with family at their home and Lee High acres where Golder's mother 53-year-old Julie Homesmer was found shot at at Saturday night. Lee High acres is about 110 miles northwest of Miami. Lee Marcie said Nelson was on a flight leaving the country, but didn't know where he'd been headed. Nelson was being held in Miami pending murder charges with expected to be charged in Lee County with murder possibly kidnapping. They ain't going to mark off the plane. That's great. Good work. Nice going boys you go. Now the second poll we're going to own before we do the poll. Because our Friday we got the ratings at about 1 o'clock and we didn't know. Like Mo did say, we didn't do horrible. We didn't do great. And he sure as well didn't do great, but nevertheless, he went down a minisculee. There's a guy that's always going to rationalize no matter what the number is. You know, just give them your numbers out. You don't have to have a judgment. Just give them a number out. You can't do it. Hey look on the bright side. He probably don't even know what the numbers are. What? There are people listening. It's a positive number. Where now? Yeah. I don't think so right now. Or how about when he's on? Are there people listening? I'm listening. Oh, and that's good. He claims he doesn't listen. Well, he's probably still on a long slow ride up to Boca. I mean, he doesn't have Bill O'Riley kind of numbers. No, he doesn't have the big. Oh, Bill O'Riley. I look. I checked that. I'm glad you mentioned that. And this, uh, track, and book. He didn't show up again on the radio. He's zero. He has a zero point zero infinity. Take it all. Right. He doesn't work for infinity, but he might as well because he's got zero to the, uh, Uh, disagree. Nobody's listening to Bill O'Riley on a radio. So, for all of his talking bluster, he had got nobody listening. Not even about 30 minutes. Mr. Rigo's also got a zero. Then 25. Fifty four. What about 12 plus? Do you think we could find a number from Mr. Rigo? I believe that's WNNNNNNMMA, NMA. So what? Nobody would know because, uh, Oh, no, I take that back. He's got a zero point four. Let's hear it for Steve O. All right. A zero point four share. In other words, you could put his audience in a full book and everyone left for a college Fred House. How do you like that? No, it's exciting. A zero point four. And something and Fox Sports, what we're on, too. See, here's what it boils down to. And that is that the people who know speaking English, they know how to play the game. They get their dire reason. It's like voting. And now, it's just a numbers game. I mean, the rest of us who speak English were so odd number, then just a matter of time before every station. What about insane? All the assimilation whole practice just had a full track. We might not underestimate it. On the cable is, uh, as fun alone. Artistimulated. Keep it a funny. Keep it a fun. That's right. See, no, no, we got to start assimilating with the US success. That's what it boils down to. Or we did. We're done. You can pay rent. I thought that's hard. I heard it right in the ass. Say, Silia. Put the post. I'm listening. Okay. I hope you're enjoying it. I told him in the park in last this morning. We've been all in to speak English and portagasi. Because now we've got all these breath aliens. I am challenging this audience. I'd like to hear one Brazilian call in today. Do you think we have any Brazilians listening? No. Not one? Not one. Oh, not even one old contrary for the hell of it. Plus, we don't speak out a portagasi, which is very, very different. I'll explain it. You wouldn't make sure you would. They're like every. Very different. It's like the time. Yeah, like I'd like I'd just add a 10 and there you go. 100th word. Or like Dutch every 10,000th word. I'll still believe it. So anyway, that's a boy. So let me say it again. If you people not just this station, but English language people. And not just the anglers, but the Julioza. Anybody who listens to English language ready, you're going to have to start learning how to play the game. Right. You have to listen loyally. Right? Ready? They're listening loyally. Right. Don't just, you know, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, slut off. But when they ask you, you got to say I'm listening. And so I like that. And they've very stintorian tone. And a condescending stintorian tone. Like you're looking down. You know, is it those people in Delta, Maryland? And you probably should. This is the worst. And again, it sounds like sour grapes. I probably shouldn't say it. I can handle B number two. It's still money. But WCNQFN does anybody believe their number one? No. Who do you go to music? In fact, look how long it took us to find anybody. Well, that's because they don't listen to what they listen to them. See? See this? Hmm. But it's just, when you look at magic, for example, tragic magic in midday goes from number 12, a 3.7-year-in-man, which is about what they usually get to a 5. Number three? Does anybody believe that every all the, and you look at night. This is men 25 to 54. WLYF radio slush even a carpenter's wouldn't listen if she was alive. They got out there number one. At night, and the daytime, when usually have big numbers, because everybody's like a captive audience in our office somewhere, then they went in the tank. So this is the most spastic rating book ever seen. But we'll take the bonus thank you. And we'll say, yeah, we'll stick with the chain. Right. Catching is right. WCN. So I'm looking here in midday. I don't want to dwell on this, but I will just for a minute. It's holiday. No listen. Spanish language listening went up 6.8% from the summer to the fall. See if they would be believed. All the specs and have the anglers are listening to Spanish language radio. Right. And even stations like Aradio Mambi and Nakubarísima, they went up. Right. How's that possible? That's from the summer book to the fall book. What is it that's going on that all of a sudden, all of us in those speaking ways is Fidel, Diane over there. Oh, you see that star? We had that on our website. That was dead. Another rumor. Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no. Yeah. Get on that banana book. Get your rubber raft out time to go back Fidel is dead. And see, the cruise, how do you like that for a combo? So we'll do the best we can. All you anglo people out there, your people out there, and not just this station, even rush. Rush comes back from his rehab. And even they went down a midday. Foces locks everybody. Everybody who speaks English when in a crapper and no speaking English. The bad music and the coast. The coast. Anybody listen to the coast? No, no. I think Disney got all the diaries. 28 past 10 at five, 60 Walt Disney got him. Kind of a Mickey Mouse book if you ask me, Hey, if you're trying to lose weight desperately, you made you new users a loosen for the under the year and a row, but you're still a fat tub waterowner. I hear Josh Friedman's bigger than ever. That's a rumor. And smells bad. But in any way, you know, in fact, he tried to state the stomach stapling. Did it work? No, no. People are tri-a. Oh, and everywhere you look now, you see, atkins. You only promo that is, nobody knows what to eat anymore. Even the atkins people are saying, well, don't eat so much meat. And don't eat such big states. Here's the answer for it. Balance for life. They do the work for it's based on the zone diet. And even Dr. Rackens is changing his tune now. He wishes he were still around the cash in on his diet. But in any way, balance for life brings you all the food delicious food right to your door. Every morning by 6 a.m. You don't have to count calories or carbs. You don't have to do any cooking or figuring anything out in the food. His fresh and delicious are lovely. Katrina here's lost over 17 pounds of balance for life. Probably more, but we don't see her normal. I think mommy's got her under the desk. Hidden away. And anyway, so if you're frustrated because you've tried all the other diets, and you're still fat as a tub and maybe diabetic run a verge of it, take it for me. Somebody who's battled weight for 100 years now. That's no fun. This is easy. It's a piece of cake without the carbohydrates. And not only that, but they let you choose between two choices for each meal every day that you're on a program. You fill out a menu once a week, pass it back at him, and you've got great food coming fresh delicious nothing frozen. Nothing pre-fab great stuff every single day. So it lose the weight once and for all this year, you'll start seeing results on that scale in just a matter of a days. Call Balance for like today at 9.5.4. 5.6.8.32.29. 9.5.4.5.6.8.32.29. Or check them on a wicked way, but balance for life.com. My life and local, we're sports video 5.60s. You and you, A-M. Mayberry RFD, he went on to become progressive rock school greatest. And best groomed artist. And now, all his best love songs are available on one CD. It's the very best of Pink Floyd the Barber. Oh, welcome, Andy. Oh, welcome to the receive. Oh, yes. Every Pink Floyd the Barber song has been digitally remastered in this CD box. That's a cut above the rest. Oh, I love the song. Oh, I love the song. Oh, I love the song. Oh, I love the song. Oh, I love the song. Oh, I love the song. Oh, I love the song. Oh, I love the song. Oh, I love the song. Oh, I love the song. Oh, I love the song. Oh, I love the song. Oh, I love the song. Oh, I love the song. As well as this Pink Floyd The Barber classic, run like heck. If they party who if they catch you in the backseat, they try to pick up fill of the loose lies. Ooh, Eddie, Eddie's going to suggest you that could be it. In a cardboard box line, ooh, you're gonna lie. Yeah. The very best of Pink Floyd The Barber is not available. In store. Well, he's 6.7 and 5.6. 560 WQM happy a Monday to a happy Martin Luther King day. Now the poll just went up there I guess cause error 7 little bit of a technical diffubility just like we are with these speakers but that's okay cause we don't really give a crap. Here's the second poll for later on for like afternoon which we can start working on now or not is the case maybe. What pre in 1980 movie do you think is a musty for people to render by? In other words we got a lot of people let's see it's 23 years ago. So if you're 30 if you're about 30 minutes or 7 years old in 1980 right? So even if the movie was from 80 you do no chance that you would have seen it when it was out. So since everybody in her brother now is desperate for movies on DVD or VHS if you're like really you know old fashioned. Do you think any people are really I guess they must be cause they're still in the stores. Yeah no. Well that's you think we ought to buy a DVD player for everybody who can afford one. That's it. What do you mean part of the presence or campaign anybody who can afford a DVD player will get you them and will stick your right in your DVDs. Everybody should have one. But at any rate what pre 1980 movie and again one just one and we're not talking about I mean they'll if you say gone with the wind will come to your house and kill you. Okay that's a promise although although what it's a good movie. Let's put gone with the wind up. Well that may be a bad example. And I shouldn't be picky whatever you think. Whatever you think for these young whippersnappers or maybe even some older people who just missed I don't know maybe missed out missed the boat. They missed the boat. Right. I always want to put network on there but again I'm swimming up. You're not. I am one you ought to put it on there. I will put it on there. You know for people that have a lot of time in her hands like today there are some people off of work. They got nothing to do. Go to your nearest neighborhood the video store not plotbuster plays we hate them like poison plus you'll get a butcher version of the movie anyway. You can go to Hollywood video they have them in places. Right. And you can also you can see kind of a movie there. So because I know you mentioned them a lot. They're just right here Hollywood is a cast right. But we're warning like in the corner over here but in the public shopping center. Over here over here. Well this isn't Hollywood. Oh that's just the name of the chain. Right. It's the name of the chain. It's the only chain. See or you could just go buy a DVD and any of those. They sell them everywhere now. Or you can go to amazon.com right. I love and in a couple of days it'll be right there in your mail. Be right in your buy that copy of what you call it. The South Park movie that I had to reorder. Where isn't it's in the mail somebody stole my copy. Lost it or something. Well get that before I leave before I go back. Okay. Here's the appola's up now. It's a flow and it's it's a blowing. Who are you pulling for today's Iowa caucuses? And it's the whole thing is a bunch of crap. There's no question about that. It's stupid. By the way Jimmy Carter says he didn't invite Governor Dean. Dr. Dean. Mr. Dean. President Dean. He didn't invite him to come down and go pray with him. The Dean people called him and said, Would it be okay? They said, sure. Why not? He just wanted to make sure that people understand that because he's not endorsing anybody. And he didn't invite him to come on down. All of the head of our amiable chat. And he said it was a lovely sweater. 16 votes. Dr. Dean has six Dennis Cassina's four. He's got a Chinaman stance. Carrie 3. None of them. I'm for Bush two. Edwards 1. Sharpening Gaphart have the big Oso far. Oh. Oh. Billy Rally's radio ratings. Oh. Nothing. 5 670 560. So we're looking for the Brazilian. That's the most important thing to me. We got to build our audience. Uno at a time. Solumenta uno. That's all we got. Right. Uno Brazilian. We do. I don't know. Do you think we have any Guatemala's? You got the ones? They don't have radios. They might be listening to the wrong answer. They're pop up toaster. Not the Guadalu. Maybe in Caracas they're listening. They got them little antennas on top of their tin huts. The Guadaluangers are the people. The Mexicans make fun of. I see. Well that tells me everything I need to know. WQAM. Hello. Hi. I wanted to give you a pre-1980 move. Yes, sir. Love and death. Love and death? What the hell? What the hell? Oh. Okay. All right. I got a town. Thanks, Bally. Thank you, sir. Love and death. What the hell is that? What I know. But a lot of people might enjoy it. Yeah. Come up with something really good. That people would really enjoy it. Get a lot of yucks out of or something. Or yak. I noticed Joe Buck said yak on the air in the second game. His name is Eagle Carolina game. He said they showed one of the Carolina defenders I figured it was on a bench. He looked at me like he was just on a verge. And Joe Buck said he looked like he was ready to yak. And I thought to myself, oh, we're making some progress. And you know what that answered for me. I've always wondered. Remember that coaster song? Yakity. Yak. Yeah. I was wondering what that meant. Have a niece that lives in. The yak. And here we are all these years later. And I finally got to show you as long as you still alive. It ain't too late to learn something. Yakity. Yak. Five six. Five six. Five six. That's what you make me want to do, Mo. Yak. Exactly. You're pathetic. Stodgy old fart. WQA have line one works and there's somebody on it. Hello. Yeah, good morning. Good morning to you. Time to get home Neil. I just speaking. What's Reverend Jones? Isn't that great that we eat? You know what? I don't even... Ha ha ha. What's Reverend Jones? WQA, hello. Yeah, I just got up my car and I jumped out of my throat at the zone. I already out there. I wanted to go over to Kukus Ness. Okay. Can't be under because we just started. Okay. Thanks, Bally. Bye-bye. Kukus Ness. Poor Eric. And he don't have a fax machine working there or something. But that's okay. You can handle it. Yeah. What? I'm typing a lot better. He better get all these. You know what I mean? Is he... no, is it... Internet connections still working? I don't want to rip him and get him all sensitive again. But he better get with it. He just did joke, Eric. Don't get up, but you better get with it. Oh god. One thing about sensitive people. You just love picking on him, you know? Because you know that if they're sensitive, that you're getting to him. And that's what we want to do is get to him, right? Everybody. Hey, Eric, get with it, WQA. I'm infectious. Yeah, that's why I stayed in hell away from him. I thought he was definitely ill just the other day. He must be sure made a fast comeback, didn't he? Just came back in time to tell us how the patriots are so freaking lucky. Yeah, well, frick you too, Mr. OK. And you're silly, god damn hairpiece. 24, 11 at 5, 60, WQA, M1 movie. Pre-1980 that you think everybody should go right or buy if they haven't seen it. Because it might give them some to think about. Or something to laugh about. Or something to get pissed off about. Right? Right. Right. Dr. Dean isn't a lead. I think he's going to win it tonight. Do you want to know why? Why? Because like I told you, in Iowa, 17 year old who can vote when they're going to be 18 by Election Day November. If they're 17 now, they can vote in the caucus. And there are a lot of young people that he's got there because they did the whole thing on the internet as well. They built their campaign and made all that money. And most of those people are saying like the 17, 18, 19 year olds don't have a phone under their own name, but they have a cell phone. Like, that's what the posters don't they don't call people on cell phones. They don't even have the list of numbers. So he's not showing up in a lot of these posts. So I think it's going to be close. I think it'll be interesting. I think he's going to win. I think Carrie and this is just my own part in the application. Anybody care? No. I'll say it anyway. Kills some time. Carrie and the Edwards will do well. I'll come in like second and third and then I think I give her it's done. And coincidentally, by by way, I'm list. Don't you think his sense will endorse Dean when he drops out was he'll be after tonight? That'd be nice. There, that would be nice for Dr. Dean. 18 to 11 at 560 WQM if you're in a really crappy dead end job. You can do something about it. New Year's Resolution don't happen. I like by automation. You have to do something. You have to get off your ass and make a phone call to put plans in action. That's all you have to do. Those make that one easy call to fast train. Tool free. 1866 fast train classes are underway right now as I speak. If you're committed and dedicated, fast train can up and becoming a certified computer professional in just four short months. That's right. Kitchewa new high paying career in just four short months. The demand for certified computer professionals right now is at an all time high. And fast train offers you convenient day eating weekend classes. To job placement assistance, financial aid for guys who qualify. So if you're trying to work in for a schmuck if you've had a working for minimum wage, if you like to have a decent paycheck and a good life that goes along with it, call fast train today and change your life for the better. Call 1-866 fast train. Check them on the web first at fast train.com. But whatever you do, hop on that train of opportunity and make that call to baby. Sure and tell them that old Todd Drec. That's with a big D totally to call 1-866 fast train. My life and law this is 4-2550. Way to way. Oh and be like as you see me. Oh no. Oh no no no no no. I think I did it again. I got really bombed. Then married my friend. Oh baby I was messed when we went. So I don't know if it was come to my dead. I might use head and bodyma to me. Cause I didn't sign up for you now. I told my lawyers who I got to go again. I was having a bad thought he was just in. Oh baby baby I said that I do. I had too much to lose. I can't hope my liquor is. I got to go again. That's how I did that. I just put down on. Oh baby baby. I thought that you called. Then married some door. Got some great news for you. I already told you I should have saved it for only a year. The National Aquar then it went out. Britney Pade Husband for a hour. And she put her hand out. She put her hand right in there. And she put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her foot down. And then she put her foot in there. She did everything she could. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. She put her hand out. This big market radio? They said he was unstoppable from the heights of his career to his untimely death. He was the white star line of the porno industry. And no, James Cameron brings his epic to the big screen. Find out what got his huge ship up and the mini lost souls that went down on it in two hours and twenty minutes. It's a long, long, real, long love story that will have you on the edge waiting for the climax. And when it comes, you will too. K-Winslet is the deep-flowered rose and Leonardo DiCaprio is John Holmes in gigantic. No showing. Love it 17 ever seem to get the Leo into John Holmes. No, same guy. 17 past the hour is 5.60 WQAM. So anyway, we're going to start doing a lot more esponial. No, you can't do it. No, you can't do it. Oh, we got the whole Alpen man. The best of. Well, that's my favorite though. No. Oh, yeah, this is my favorite. Hey, see you put a bag on it. Okay, honey. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. 5, 60 on a AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Thank God, we don't have like a one-dimensional community here, you know. See, and they know how to play the game though. And you want to know what the proof of that is. Wait till you hear this. This is a little boring with some people, but who cares? Length the listenership. If I were to say to you, hear it. No, that's not it. Yeah, WACC AM. Now do you remember when we went over to Paxon? Yeah. And we got the tour and they showed us that room where they had a couple of Spanish language stations. They were like in a broom closet. Remember? I think I'm pretty sure one of them was WACC AM. No, it's getting less. Okay, it's number 31 out of 32 stations that are listed in the ratings. I'm sorry, out of 33. At any rate, the length of the listenership though in the summer book it was number 1, number 0, 0. And they had 12 and a half hours a week length. Like the listenership, which means that it was like one diary, but it was somebody who allegedly listened all week long. Around the clock, nonstop, and so they had like a number 1. They have a crystal set. Yeah, that's right. It's just stuck there. It is on the dial with nobody knows where to find it. What pre-1980 movie do you think is a must see for people to read or buy? Love and death, kukus nest, black or fias, call with a win, godfather. Network or clockwork or orange, the excesses must see. If you have any Catholics out there when you see the excesses, you'll say bye bye. That's it. No, no more money for me. Pick Nick on a waterfront or a street car named Desire. WCWAM. Hello? Yes sir. What about Rocky Horror? Uh, yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Get some tomatoes. Rocky Horror pictures, sure. Okay. Are they still playing it? Occasionally, just not regularly. In places, it's always going on. Let me ask you this when people get the DVD, and they watch it at home today through tomatoes of their TV. Toast. Rice. Toast. Toast. Toast. 5, 6, 7, oh, and speaking of Toast. So yes, today during the Apologames, which you can't you don't watch. Although there must have been local ads. TGI Fridays, which I know is an actual chain, but they were local ads. They've got an Atkins menu at TGI Friday and of course Subway and a low carb beer and low carb Doritos and postitos and Chiquita banana. It's unbelievable. The same people who for years and years have been fighting and resist. No, low carb is bogus and Dr. Mackins is a Shicer and a snake roll salesman. Now all of a sudden everything is low carb. You don't think that they were exploiting us, do you? No. They wouldn't do that. They were exploiting us because we're fat and we're desperate. Gravorabra just unbelievable. I wouldn't go to Subway if it was for free. No. I don't care if it has minus carbs. Maybe there's stuff is good. I don't know. You think? No. Well, I don't have to think. And when are we going to get low carb Taco Bell? There you go. See, I don't care about low carb and greedy things right there. I don't care about that. I can talk with salad without the shell. Why can't they just give you a spoon? Why can't they take us? They have sports there. They have what? Sports. A sport. You didn't get a sport in school. I guess those are relatively new sport. A sport. Sport. When you speak a little more clearly, you see, you're forgetting exactly where you are. I thought you said sports. I see. That's my little teeth. Yeah. That's right. If you speak more clearly. And I was a little tiny teeny tiny teeth, which is why ratings went down. I'll try to speak more clearly. George has got horsey teeth today. So everybody markers down. WCW and hello. Hey, Neil. How are you doing? Pretty good sir. You know that burger king now. You can go and ask for a walker with no bread. I can send the give to you in a little container. I don't know. But they don't know as Wendy's is the moon after years. Oh yeah. And another thing is memory of Mark the Luther King. They got a C shaft. Okay. And I see. I see the connection. Yes. And closing. Three at last. Three at last. Thank you. God. We're free at last. All right. Excellent. 560. 560. Now wait a minute. See that crew is just a minute. It's just dawned on. But slow as you noticed. But when she sings that thing. It's an ingredient that can come in and out. It's an ingredient that is a total mouth. If one doesn't know it, then I'll let me out. But y'all want it. I can't take it. So when she says, let me grab one. Which time? Let me grab something. It's an ingredient that can come in and out. Oh, don't say it so fast. I like that. Oh. That I get chills. What a black chick that goes walking by. Yeah. Yeah. That's the one that see this guy is on. It's on. Oh, I. So that goes to showing honor of Martin Luther King day today. We're playing lots of Celia Cruz, man. Q up number three there. What is it? I'm right. I'm a shoe box. I'm sorry. Cool. Cool. I'm talking to a couple of these. My lady's gentleman. What's going on? I'm going to get a black rock. Any questions? Don't the Brazilians and Cubans hate each other? Of course. Why? Why don't they even speak the same language? No. Even more reason. Oh, oh. WQAM. I got a movie for you. Yes, sir. It was filmed by Stanley Kubrick. It was called. Dr. Strangewell. Dr. Strangewell. One of the best. Peter Sellers. Right. How are I learned to love it? And the bomb too. Yep. Thank you. Dr. Strangewell's great. See, now, you know, we've done a lot of movie things in a past. But this is a service for the audience because a lot of you are bored to death. And after being here a few days, I can easily understand why. So go out to your nearest to Hollywood video. There must be some other ones. There's stores now. Besides ordering online, which of course you'll have a couple of days. You can go to Best Buy. Has really good price. Right. And when you're at Best Buy, I'd actually get weighted on. But I might. But it's self service there. I'm starting to get hostile about that. You know what? You know why they have such cheap good prices at Best Buy? Because they're. No, but that's not true. They're with higher punks. Oh, I see. They've never said they don't have any health. They've got anything they have too much help. But they're just not doing anything. Right. They've got 80,000 punks running around. They're not going to be there. The whole thing. They don't know. Oh, it's speaking about bits on. Guess why was it costed by at a street corner in plantation? Homeless voice. Yes. And now the new deal is what's they have like a light, puse lime. Let me get around. Yeah. Get around. They're changing to have new t-shirts now to try to like throw you off a little bit. And one guy he must have known who I was. Because I'm sitting there on high this way to make a left turn under 595. Has got to track over to weekend. And I'm sitting there when he comes and he holds up the thing. And I just sat there looking ahead like the rest of the night. No, no, but he but then he looked at me and he like held it right in front of the windshield and he kept looking at me and kept waving it. I didn't do anything. I didn't even give one of these. But what did I ask for? They're doing that now. They're their extra aggressive. Really? Are they? I shot. Maybe I'll like hit the gas real extra aggressive when he steps in front of my head and pull down. Yeah. Yeah. Get out of my way. You asshole. I think you people down here got to have a campaign and get the homeless voice people off the streets. Off the land. This scam has got to stop soon. Okay. So that that's fucking the living as expensive home. You know, everybody's got to contribute to the homeless voice. What a joke. Sean Kahnani. Sean Kahnani man. We can't stand you. We're on the a we can't stand you. It's a freaking cult is what it is. Not even it's just a money grab and cult organized. Regret. Right. And all you and I'm not seeing too many people who don't look like they can go out and do a real job. If they can walk, they can work. And I'll present it and they want you to bring in all these illegal aliens and make them like, Poof, you're legal. I'll have a son, huh? Let these assholes go out there and do those jobs. You see the whole thing on the grapes. Yeah. Populate already. You're not crazy about that. Especially the number of public who's easy to do. Hey, about it. Either. El President say. Speaking of El President say who you're pulling for. Who you're pulling for. I was caucus tonight. Dr. Dean out of 250 votes. He's got 91. 36. And a half percent. You go boy. And cut the crap. Carry 37. None of them. I'm for Boris 33. 13.2 percent. I couldn't give a Schmidt last 33. Edwards 25. Kusenich 15. Al Sharpton 5. And five people like Dick. Give heart. 26 past 11. Before you do the pump and a power. Our park spot. Can I mention wally hinnices. The antichrist. You will notice if you watch the excesses closely. You'll see that. What's in him? Linda Blair's face keeps turning into a post. That looks just like wally hinnice. He's the antichrist. All you horse racing and poker player fans. Pompatopark racing and card room is got the action you'll be looking for. Just to have miles from both on any far from the turn. Picots easy to get to Pompatopark. And they feature free admission free general park and everyday. I bet you the person is going to go up again real soon because I've been contributing to you horsemen real big time. Since I'm home briefly. I mean a lot. Live harness racing in the poke room open every Monday. Wednesday Thursday Friday and Saturday. Five days a week. Poker starts at noon every day till midnight. And the live racing gets underway. Nightly at 705 payment. Every Monday night including tonight. There's that two for 25 dollar dinner special on the top of the park. Restaurant every Wednesday night. It's dollar night with dollar draft beer as so does hot dogs and more. And every night on the 44 players room. There's a seven 95. Pleaded dinner special. Now tonight Monday, January 19 is a special tribute night for honoring Martin Luther King. Junior with one race featuring all African American drivers. Plus the annual Lulew Williams Memorial Race. Pompatopark open seven days and nights week for a simultaneous testing to featureing the best. In harness stir by highlight action from all across North America. Feed a watch and plunge your lungs on. Pompatopark a block set of Atlantic Boulevard on Powerline Road. Thanks by the way Mary for getting those rolls off my table and no desserts. Thanks dick. Call 9 5 4 9 7 2 2 2 1 for the current race schedule. Check it out online every day if you like it. Pompatopark.com. Pompatopark horse power you can bet on. Don't forget live racing tonight post time 705 and a PM. We are sports radio 5 6 4. You a yeah. But I got. You're going right here. He goes out to all the biggest farmers. Mom is. Baby, mom is mom. We're the only babies mom is the name of life. Look at that. Yeah. I'm sorry. Just Jackson. Who is this good meal? Never meant to make it up to my head. But leave it high and so surprised. Pick up just Jackson. Who is this guy in the deal? Who are you? I'm the guy. That's a girl who has a baby in trouble. Mom, don't like these things. You're going like home now to the zone neighborhood and just doing it like Nike. And you cheated. You count to be American friends. That's why it out. That's why now. You got to don't think going. But the lights out. And now we've got a new child. It's a baby. I'll wait like. Rubber pots. You'll beat. Lock up. We've had a lot of season. We've had a lot of season. We've had a lot of season. We've had a lot of season. We've had a lot of season. We've had a lot of season. We've had a lot of season. We've had a lot of season. We've had a lot of season. We've had a lot of season. We've had a lot of season. We've had a lot of season. We've had a lot of season. We've had a lot of season. We've had a lot of season. We've had a lot of season. We've had a lot of season. We've had a lot of season. We've had a lot of season. We've had a lot of season. We've had a lot of season. We've had a lot of season. We've had a lot of season. We've had a lot of season. We've had a lot of season. We've had a lot of season. We've had a lot of season. We've had a lot of season. We've had a lot of season. We've had a lot of season. We've had a lot of season. We've had a lot of season. We've had a lot of season. We've had a lot of season. We've had a lot of season. We've had a lot of season. We've had a lot of season. We've had a lot of season. We've had a lot of season. We've had a lot of season. We've had a lot of season. We've had a lot of season. We've had a lot of season. We've had a lot of season. We've had a lot of season. We've had a lot of season. We've had a lot of season. We've had a lot of season. We've had a lot of season. We've had a lot of season. We've had a lot of season. We've had a lot of season. We've had a lot of season. We've had a lot of season. We've had a lot of season. We've had a lot of season. We've had a lot of season. We've had a lot of season. We've had a lot of season. We've had a lot of season. We've had a lot of season. We've had a lot of season. We've had a lot of season. We've had a lot of season. We've had a lot of season. We've had a lot of season. We've had a lot of season. We've had a lot of season. We've had a lot of season. We've had a lot of season. We've had a lot of season. We've had a lot of season. We've had a lot of season. We've had a lot of season. We've had a lot of season. We've had a lot of season. We've had a lot of season. We've had a lot of season. We've had a lot of season. We've had a lot of season. We've had a lot of season. We've had a lot of season. We've had a lot of season. We've had a lot of season. We've had a lot of season. We've had a lot of season. We've had a lot of season. We've had a lot of season. We've had a lot of season. We've had a lot of season. We've had a lot of season. We've had a lot of season. We've had a lot of season. We've had a lot of season. We've had a lot of season. We've had a lot of season. We've had a lot of season. We've had a lot of season. We've had a lot of season. We've had a lot of season. 27 till noon at 5.60. We're all ready to watch. Black people in this country have made almost no progress. Do you know what I mean? No, what do you mean? Black in the last 20 years. Very little. You see a lot of changes. Just because they can bring out of the same water fountain now and go to the same turret. It's tragic. And proof of that is today is supposed to be a holiday. But it's not. Do you know what I mean? No. Yes you do. Do you consider today a holiday? No. Well, I'll need you to. I feel like all this president's birthday. No, no, no. It's all the same crap. What are you talking about? It's the same crap. No, what the president's day is a holiday. They just incorporated the two. They took Washington and Lincoln and stuck them together. Yeah. I don't think a lot of people like all those holidays with the exception of like Christmas and whatever their favorite holidays. They also do lie that all these other holidays like if you get a day off grade if you don't get what about the circus man. Yeah. About tissue above. What about for him? Oh, well, that's different. And maybe if the black people are a little bit more creative. Maybe if we had like some special food we could eat today on Martin Luther King day. I mean, I'm poor. I mean, I'm poor. I'm in Tauchen, right? Okay. Did you use it? They know the food crap, man. Which is why West Clark is doing so good. He's coming to all the delies. Oh, speak of that. Clark wins the endorsement from George McGovern. Now, I know that I'm probably the only one. I love George McGovern. You know, I had about my show many, many times on the phone that is against Tony that he was a good guy. He was great. He just was a little bit too. I don't know why any. I don't know what to do with. No, he's, I don't know. What is his problem was? He just was the wrong guy at the wrong time. He's the worst, Wesley Clark. Yesterday. Anybody here? No. And we didn't put Wesley Clark on a poll because he's laying out. He is not participating in Iowa. I think what he's waiting for is to see them all better. Each other up pretty good and I bloody get bloodied in Iowa. And then you have to come in a real good second of Dean. And then from there, what's they going down south? He can kick some serious ass. To lay find out his father was Jewish. The Deanish Army says Iraqi shells are WMD-free. God damn. Every time we think we got another bogus, I mean, another thing to a, you know, confused the American public with, it just don't pan out. Like pan and for gold, you know, and coming up by empty. Mortar shells found an Iraq and believed to be suspicious and fact contained. No chemical agents that Anish Army said after week of tests. The 36 shells found 12 miles north of the city of Kurna and southern Iraq January 9. Had initially been thought by the Inish and British troops to contain a blister agent. Like what you got blistered with on the in the microwave this morning. Check and soup. And chicken soup in them blistering chicken soup in there. But further test carried out in southern Iraq and the US were negative. Negatory. How do you like that? 36 shells. Yeah, not many. 36. Rushed it out right about old shells with a little bit of slime in them. And it turned out to be squad. How do you like that? He was a threat. I just, I'll tell you again. Pedalizing the American public and ill just gobble it up. Deans got 100. Look at this. Well, I keep this up till noon. Who are you pulling for today's Iowa caucuses? 282 a dean 100. Couldn't give a Schmidt less 42. Scary John Kerry 40. None of them. I'm for Burst 37 13.1%. Edward's 30. How many has he got? About 30 man. Who sent it's 15. Al Sharpton 13. And poor dick apart is sucking wind. He's sucking in and there with only five. And we don't care if the AFL CIO. If the teamsters, we don't give a flying crap. Who the hell likes him? But he's going to be out after today. That man, who do you think he's going to win doors? Good question, huh? That is a good question. Yeah, who's old dick on a win doors? Because the other union guy is a dean. Right? See? Well, I'll think about it. Nobody's QA. Hello. Hi, is this a, yeah? Yes sir, speaking. I've got one or two for your Paul. One would be good. One. How about a thousand clowns with Jason Robard? Jason Robard is one of the all-time great actors. Okay. I was in clown. There's a great movie. Got it down. Thank you, Pally. How do you, how do you, how do you, how's your clowns? You ever see that? No, me either. Well, let's get it. I never heard of it. Well, you don't even like, what? I like Jason Robard. I liked it. Because Jason Robard was in it. And his part was great. He was his storyline and the Tom Proof of the, Well, that's because, I mean, that's one of the got to be one of the most bizarre things in movie history Is that he was almost died just the way they showed in a movie. And then he did die. This right. Of course he had a little bit of a, Yeah. Literally, uh, least, trust for Gründer. Yeah, at least, trust for Gründer. But that was, that was God's way of punishing him for that performance. That's why the performance was that way. He was dying. Was he like that? That was surreal. Seriously? Seriously? I didn't know that. Seriously? I didn't know that. I thought it was Barzini always thing. I thought it was a way. I thought it was a way. Five, six, seven, five, six, eight pound, how's sand? And what, oh, and you know, who's really, I saw a clip from a movie and you'll know what the name of the movie is. With Al Pacino and Cano Reeves. And Al Pacino bothers me. You wanted to lie? Why? Because when he's good, he's great. And when he's bad, he's just awful. No, I'll give it there. No, no, I'm serious. I'm not what the movie was. I was just channeled. I was just channeled. There. And he doubles advocate maybe. I don't know. And he was going through that same speech with a scene. He was portraying the same character there that was portraying in Senatewoman. And in parts of Godfather III. You know what? That same kind of, I don't know. I don't know. It's just, when he's bad, he's just so awful. I think when you get so big, you get the idea that no matter what you do, it's going to be good. Is that it? And you just, I'll just do whatever the hell I want. That's a wrong Jeremy set. We're not talking about his penis. We're talking about his poopic. How do you like that call last week from his PR guy that tries to like give me to promote that awful show that he was a notion? We don't like wrong Jeremy on a show, okay? We don't like big fat, tubby, hairy, a portal guys, all right? That's just nauseated. Bragging about his getting his sloppy second. Bragging about his lack of talent. We already know that on the show, okay? So don't throw it away's your time. And we're not going to promote his stupid STV show. What's it called? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 5, 6, 5, 6, 5, 6, 6, 6, on the AT&T. As long as I live, I'll never forget that he said right there. You're good buddy Albrottom in that day. Al Goldstein. And sat him down there and I don't want any part of him. And he sat him down. And like, hey, I'm here. Theta. And the fact that some of the people in the building were everybody in the building was so whipped up and excited. It would forget about Michael Jackson. You would have thought that it was the second coming. Squirt squirt huh? Which in his case, who would have wanted to see the first one? Man, grew some. grew some. Yes he did. Yeah, like Josh Friedman. Hey, any of the Josh Friedman fans out there in radio who've been following the QM saga now for years, he ballooned up again. That's what Robert Greeper reported. He blew, blew some of their Tampa Bay hockey game on Saturday. He said the bad news is that he's better than ever in spite of that stomach stapling. That's bad news. And they even worse news is he still smells the same or worse. Twenty-be-four noon at five sixty WQM. How about those patriots huh? I know lucky. Uh-huh. Lucky. You don't have to be lucky when your car's on the fritz. Although if you want to play Russian, we're let with the B.M. I guess you can open the yellow pages and trust it to some losers out there. We'll be gone in no time at all. But if you want to be smart, take it to EF Taren out of repair because you can really trust these guys. They've been around a long time and they will be. There were 583 North Federal Highway just to mile and a half North of Sample Road in Pompano Beach. At EF Taren out of repair experience, the difference that experience makes. All EF mechanics are ASC certified technicians. In other words, they know the latest technology. They really know their crap. And most of them with the EF team for nearly 20 long amazing years. In fact, combined, they've got over 200 years of experience at EF. No job is too smaller too big for me, though whether it's a blown fuse, a blown engine, anything in between. Whether it's a 73 Toyota, do an O4 Bentley EF Taren out of repair be doing it all for you. Jobs are meticulously double checked for accuracy by the shop, Forman Anne. Every car is clean upon completion of work at a look and run just like brand new. EF Taren is most extended warranties offer your white-away service on most repairs too. EF Taren out of repair, folks you can trust. There are 583 North Federal Highway in Pompano Beach. Ask about their 90 day Samus Cash, no interest credit card to when you call. 9.54. 4.26. 9.26. 9.54. 4.26. 9.26. EF Taren out of repair be sure to have that old Neil sense of either nationally recognized as one of the most successful auto repair businesses in the entire country. And EF don't forget their motto, nobody cares more and nobody will work harder to earn your business and keep it too. You are the most successful sports-winning place in the world. You are the most successful sports-winning place in the world. You are the most successful sports-winning place in the world. You are the most successful sports-winning place in the world. You are the most successful sports-winning place in the world. You are the most successful sports-winning place in the world. You are the most successful sports-winning place in the world. You are the most successful sports-winning place in the world. You are the most successful sports-winning place in the world. You are the most successful sports-winning place in the world. You are the most successful sports-winning place in the world. You are the most successful sports-winning place in the world. You are the most successful sports-winning place in the world. You are the most successful sports-winning place in the world. You are the most successful sports-winning place in the world. You are the most successful sports-winning place in the world. You are the most successful sports-winning place in the world. You are the most successful sports-winning place in the world. You are the most successful sports-winning place in the world. You are the most successful sports-winning place in the world. You are the most successful sports-winning place in the world. You are the most successful sports-winning place in the world. You are the most successful sports-winning place in the world. You are the most successful sports-winning place in the world. You are the most successful sports-winning place in the world. You are the most successful sports-winning place in the world. You are the most successful sports-winning place in the world. You are the most successful sports-winning place in the world. You are the most successful sports-winning place in the world. You are the most successful sports-winning place in the world. You are the most successful sports-winning place in the world. You are the most successful sports-winning place in the world. You are the most successful sports-winning place in the world. You are the most successful sports-winning place in the world. You are the most successful sports-winning place in the world. You are the most successful sports-winning place in the world. You are the most successful sports-winning place in the world. You are the most successful sports-winning place in the world. You are the most successful sports-winning place in the world. You are the most successful sports-winning place in the world. You are the most successful sports-winning place in the world. You are the most successful sports-winning place in the world. You are the most successful sports-winning place in the world. You are the most successful sports-winning place in the world. You are the most successful sports-winning place in the world. You are the most successful sports-winning place in the world. You are the most successful sports-winning place in the world. You are the most successful sports-winning place in the world. You are the most successful sports-winning place in the world. You are the most successful sports-winning place in the world. You are the most successful sports-winning place in the world. You are the most successful sports-winning place in the world. You are the most successful sports-winning place in the world. You are the most successful sports-winning place in the world. You are the most successful sports-winning place in the world. You are the most successful sports-winning place in the world. You are the most successful sports-winning place in the world. You are the most successful sports-winning place in the world. You are the most successful sports-winning place in the world. You are the most successful sports-winning place in the world. You are the most successful sports-winning place in the world. You are the most successful sports-winning place in the world. You are the most successful sports-winning place in the world. You are the most successful sports-winning place in the world. You are the most successful sports-winning place in the world. You are the most successful sports-winning place in the world. You are the most successful sports-winning place in the world. You are the most successful sports-winning place in the world. You are the most successful sports-winning place in the world. You are the most successful sports-winning place in the world. That is a very important issue. No, it is not. Nobody cares about that. When you consider the fact that half of the country is functioning in the world, why don't they care about education? Why would they want their kids to be smarter than they are? Which in most cases, they probably are anyway. 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. What pre-1980 movie is a must-see? Do you think people ought to be written or buying it? I don't think so. I didn't think of it as a one-serer. Can we give them to them? No, I'll screw it. He's a... Kukus Nest. Black orifice is not here today's holiday. I guess all of it is not a black movie. What is it about? I told you I forgot already. Gone with a wind? That's kind of like a plantation floor to mentality? Godfather? Network? What was I starting to say before about plantation? Remember I was telling you something? No. Oh, and speaking of plantation. Some of you people that are building houses out there by me. I've seen some ugly houses in my time, but get serious. What is that? It's a new thing. Isn't big ugly houses? Like someone in the left they're straight up. Like Dr. Russus? Oh, man. There goes the neighborhood. The exorcist picnic on a waterfront street curtain measure. Rocky horror picture show. Chef Dr. Strane's love or a thousand clowns. Would Jason Robards? I got another one for you. It's got to be pre-edity. Speaking of Jason Robards. Yeah. Boy in his dog. Boy in his dog. I bet you most people I can see that. I don't know. Although in the end he. Boy in his dog. Who did you cue him? I think he did. Pretty good. How about pre-1980s? How about the inlaws? Okay. I got you down, pal. Thank you. For just a second there I thought he was going to say. Hi, pal. Maybe we'll get you the whole day without the treatment. What was it? Yes. Okay. The inlaws by Fat Rich. I'll tell you later. Okay. WQM. There was no. I don't give a shmit about Iowa. Right. And pre-19AD. The out of towners. The out of towners. Yes. She was great. Okay. Thank you very much. Do I? Yeah. I know what. No, no. But the one that I'm going to put down. What's the one about to priest that I can never think of any of it? You know what I'm talking about? Yeah. Is it pre-1980? Oh, it's got. You can make sure it is. Isn't it? Do you mean I'm going to have to get my book on. I have to start looking at the. I am D.B. No, we don't have to do that. I got my big trusty book. I don't even have to wait for 800 pounds here. That's up north. Jack Lemons. It's not in the name of the father, isn't it? No. I just had it. Ah. Yeah. Towards. Who's with a B? No, it's too worried. I know you're talking about. I got it too. I got it right on the tip of my ass, man. It's coming right out of my left to cheek. Mass appeal. Yeah. Oh, man. Am I good or what? Oh, wow. Woo. Mass appeal. I think what they'll do eventually is they'll like program all of us. I think Bush gets another four years. All of our minds really like what computer chips I'm waiting. What's the good part of that is we'll be able to like if for something like that. You just like type it up on a like a computer and immediately the answer will come up right out of your head. Well, the keyboard will be your problem is that to always know what you're thinking. Mass appeal. There's mash. Mass appeal 1984 doesn't decwalify. You were right. An idealistic young seminary is assigned to a veteran priest lemon skill in the art of clerical politics and pundit popularity. Excellent blend of comedy and tragedy convincing performances Mark this Broadway adaptation with Jack lemon. Zalco even a couple of young priest Charles Durning and Louise Layton Charles Durning is so fat and so great. You know he's a good guy. He's great. When a stranger calls Charles Durning. Is that pre-1980? Why am I going to put that on there? It's not a must see. Have you checked the children? 560560 pound 560 on the eighth. Well, maybe some people want to see a who or movie huh? Right. You got access. Right. What when you're at from one stranger calls? That's going to be $3.70. Is it? Well, let's see. See, I didn't want to have to do this because it kills so much good time. When paste fly, when in Rome do the Romans, I've always said that and a Pope don't like it. When wheels, the lovable beetle when comedy was young, when a stranger calls 79 just gets in under the wire. So let's put it on there. It's an woman that it fits in. What's the woman? No. Why not? You think? Why? Do you think that was in the same class with like the extra sister, the woman? With her. The memories pack. It was different. Okay, put it down. The woman. We want to have a thousand movies on here because Eric's a little, I don't know. 560560 pound 560. Perinoid. I think is it where I'm looking for. Let's see. How's that Iowa poll come in folks? Uh, who are you pulling for today's Iowa do caucuses? 334 votes? Howard Dean Governor Dean he demand. 114. I couldn't give a Schmidt last 56 as in Q 56. None of them. I'm per bush 48 14.3%. Carry 47. Edwards 33. Coocented 16. Sharpened 14. And Gavart only six for Dick. I noticed one thing every time we do any kind of a political poll lately, the last few months. The bush always starts out with a smaller number and then it's time goes along as if it's just the people who are voting for a more realistic and the first place. You understand? Is if somebody was like out of Daisy chain or even somebody. I'm not talking about getting free because we're not getting that many. Oh, you better get on there and vote for Bush because the president's getting his ass kicked on at pool by that Fag. Comey Pinkle leftist and it's important. Right. Oh, yeah, very scientific. WQA. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes. Thank you. Thank you. Treasure of Sierra Madre got it. Got it. Starring Alan Led. Who that was in that? Oh, come on. You got to know that you're a big, uh, someone else like two cowboy guy. I didn't like a lot of cowboy movies. I didn't need just a few special ones. Such as the outlawed new wheels. Hi, noon. Hi, planes drifter. Right. Anything that's high. George like anything that's high. Including his wife. Well, you still like her. Let's see. Sierra Madre. What is it called? Treasure of the Sierra to moderate. How come I'm looking at the to mama. I'm looking under S. Jesus Christ. Am I stupid or what? Three months to freedom. The Todd killings. Top secret. Totally after. Oh, I like that. Do you ever hear that movie? No. 1993 totally fuked up. In 15 number chapters director Araki the living end presents a group portrait of alienated Gatines and contemporary LA. Let's focus on this previous feature. But with some parflamomets stirring James do well. Rocko Belique Susan Besheed. People you never heard of. What's the fact thing? What am I looking for? The treasure Sierra Madre. See. I don't know why. There's the travel. Harvey Oswald. I didn't even know there was a tumble. We did you. No. The trial of the incredible. The trial of the incredible hike. The trial of the Kent and the Catenessville 9. Lot of trials man. But in the meantime, I'd like to get to the treasure Sierra Madre before midnight sometime. Treasure of. Eight. Madre Cuumba. And the treasure of Madre Cuumba. Nineteen 48. What am I looking for? I'm not. I wasn't looking for the year. Three misfits join forces and press. I forgot it. I'm not looking for the treasure. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot it. I forgot the signal that's myAhAlySawat nesseId think best. It's the 2012h1 hour On thanks see di案ıみ gearedA for page 2 scheduled in the map i forgot doubt i forgot i forgot the exact dat dB no i did i ought to be with dad nity one dad 1 sort of a bitch oh yeah listen well you just keep it mine one thing what wrinkle man I'm plotting oh they stench of calmanour it's hovering over his room what are you grab the end of my buffet oh I Think five in the one – Yeah, oh, we know. For you, cause they did. They did. They did. They did. They did. They did. They did. They did. They did. They did. They did. They did. They did. They did. They did. You know, they got the what, uh, yeah, look. 12, all three of five, 60, WCM happy Martin Luther King did do. If anybody's been faction us, I just had a reset. The fact machine, that's why I didn't get it earlier. Cause it's been screwed up all morning. We didn't know it. Anyone on a Y cause it's Monday. Cause it's a UIM. Cause it's everything is fuked up day of QA. And it's Monday. Anyway, the treasure of Cura Mondraze was the greatest movie line ever. Badges. We don't need no stinkin' badges. How come you forgot about it? I didn't. Oh, why did you say that? Well, I don't know. I thought everybody knew. No. Well, we didn't see it. How do we know it? I saw it. And the old cowboy movie. Yeah. So probably that's the only reason to go see it. Just wait until they say that line. And you can shut it up. 567. Here's the final total. Final total. Who you're pulling for today's Iowa caucuses. 262 votes. Dr. Dean. Howard Dean 128. I couldn't give a Schmidt less 62. John Kerry who looks really old in scary 50. None of them. I'm for Bush 49. John Edward 35. He's coming out of nowhere. Yahoo. Dennis considered 16. Al Sharpen 14. And poor old Dick M. Hartz only got eight. Eight. Eight. Holy God. Old hack. You know what you see him? That's the first thing he comes to mind. Yeah. Old shot horn hack. Tired boring. Kind of like Mo. How about you Q AM hello? Hey Neil. Yes sir. How you doing today? Pretty good. How you doing? I'm doing terrific. Thank you. I'm also Brazilian. All the one. Noting woman. All right. I'm Brazilian. Are you sure? I don't know if anybody mentioned that. But the 30,000. The dirty doesn't. Nobody mentioned it yet. Okay. Well I mentioned now. Okay. Anybody feels a little bit alive. Also a man and a woman. Cool. Why you're ahead of me go. Okay. Thanks. Oh my God. Ciao. I'm a bit air two. Tootsin. Do we. A jaws. Okay. Let's put jaws on air. It's probably a finish up person. Beyond the godfather. You think? I got a chance. I got a chance. I got a chance. I got a chance. I've seen it so many times. I don't know. It's it was good but there's not like a whole lot to it. You know who I don't like. Write a shy drive. Oh, we don't like Roy Shiner. Or what do you do to you? I don't like him. I know the Richard Grifest thing. He just bugs me. I don't like Roy Shiner. I don't like Roy Shiner. I don't like Roy Shiner. I don't like Roy Shiner. I just don't like the law book. I like I just like what your drive is a lot more. You don't like anybody Neil. That's not true. And it says since say you don't like it when we give you more than once you just and I will mention the liverance. How could we forget? There's the movie that everybody should go out and get right now and understand what America is all about. Or at least what the beesleys are all about. Yeah. Perth Reynolds greatest performance. When you say? I mean it was no smoking to ban it. Well, what is? Was he in any good mood? Other than that? The longest yard. I was just going to say that. Those were the only two movies he made that just weren't. Oh no. Vogue nights. Oh that's right. What the hell was that for you? You're right. But the longest yard wasn't that what they talking about the thing they made is here. Peace from. 560560. Pound 560 on a AT&T. There's something off about. You know what I mean? I don't know what it is all those rumors. I'm not talking about. There's just something a little off about him. You know? Don't you think? Yeah well all those uh... Superstar. They're all little off. Little. What's up with that? Okay. I'll see. I suppose I can vote for the godfather but everybody else is going to do that. I'm not going to do that. But we're going to have a long list here. They're which is good. They like that. They like those. Hey. What an on channel 7. You can see Miriam Olafon. Grand marshaling the parade. Oh no. Are you smitten me? I'm not sure. They're getting that bitch. What channel is that on? They're not on her right now. Oh five. Sorry. Sorry. Oh. There she is. Oh no. They're backing up Olafon. Grand marshal. What a disgrace. Thousands of dollars in funding. But in two weeks they all together. Great. You see what I'm saying? I know. Here is somebody who was relieved of her duties because of absolute incompetence. And she's the Grand marshaling the New York Luther King day parade today. I mean, is there anything that we can say? No. Education. All they religion. All they bull crap. Baptist churches. All the phony baloney bull crap. And all the grits and schmits and all the other stuff that goes along with it and Chilins. Then they got to get the job done. My dark and plugged it for education. Learn something. Okay. And then you can put one over on us. But cut the crap. Stop putting down Miriam. She hasn't cut my hair in long time. That's good point. Hey, Miriam. Look at that. I'm not even. I'm not even looking at the pain. I'm not even trying to pay to. I can see from the back of the page. I'm not interested. Go away. Die. That's cool. What? Sorting facts is from behind. Sorting facts is from looking at the printing from behind the page. Through the. And we're doing it man. We're on top of it. That's how we're doing. That's what we're doing. That's what we're doing. That's how we're doing. That's what we're doing. That's what we're doing. Yeah. I like like I care about him. Okay. I love the Patriots. I love the bill. Well, I check. I love Tom Brady. I'm going to be a little bit more difficult. But this guy go get lost. The thing is beeping and puking over there. And you want to know why it's the automatic reject that we even Paul on the pac mission. It's it's squeak in. Let's see. It was Dan Morgan from U of M. That was going to be. Oh, thank you. And that's right. It was Dan Morgan from U of M. He was going to be. Somebody said, aren't you from U of M. And he want like that. It says I would pull for Gavar because I'm from Missouri. But Dick is not a Democrat. He just resets the most popular talking. He had spit of the day. So he's putting down the Pat Poulson. Good choice. Sandy Dennis and out of town are not selling. Come on. Well, it's close to the begins with a nest. You know, when you get to be old and sealed, seen how like most of us, and he can get like one letter right. It's that's okay. We'll accept that. Look at that. The godfather's got six George. Didn't I predict that? Did I tell you right off the edge? Yes, you did. What are you going to do? Nice college boy. I want to get mixed up in the family business. And now you want to go down a police cap and one because he's left you in a face a little bit. What do you think? This is the army where you shoot him a mile away. You got to get him close like this. But I've been your blood at brains all over the United States. I believe so. I love what he said. You're taking a very person. Yeah. But I've been your blood at brains all over the United States. I'm saying again. But I've been your blood at brains all over the United States. Excellent. School teacher sentenced. A judge sentenced to former Catholic school teacher. The 13 years in prison after he played a guilty, to sexually abusing five former students and sports team members. Oh, no. Maybe he was in a shock. Gary Kasmerek when he says that and that's about. I just I just lose it every time. Hold him. He is so incoherent. That's why we love Dick. Gary Kasmerek 62 apologized to his victim is during sentencing last Wednesday. I cannot defend or relax. Excuse what he did he said many years ago. I told God I was sorry today. I will tell you. I'm so awake. One of Kasmerek's victims, Kenny Hornback, where the statement for victims during the hearing, were all serving a life sentence for what you did to us. Your sentence will not be long enough. And you can't serve enough time to make our pain go away. Kasmerek pleaded guilty November 20th to 14 counts of indecently immoral practices with another. Admitting he sexually abused five boys he coached your taught at our mother of Saro's between 1963. Appropriate. Yeah. All of the boys were under age 15 at the time of course. The victims also filed suit against the arts dices of Louisville. And they were part of the 25.7 million dollar sex abuse settlement this year. The arts dices reached with 143 victims. Just disgraceful. Unbelievable. Okay. Like I said, go see the exorcist. Because you know, I mean, you can go see the movie The Priest, but that I don't think that even comes near and I even close. The incredible condemnation of the Catholic Church and all the mumbo jumbo and a bullcraft. That's a horror case to kill you. Yeah. The horror case to kill you. The horror case to kill you. The horror case to kill you. You turned the horror case to kill you. All right. Father Mary and man, I love Max van Sado. He's great. He is great. Or some other movies he was in. Flash Gordon. But more recently. Needful things. I think that was him. He's great. He is great. Now what does this? The latest White House script for reporter somebody just facts me a whole bunch of crap here about the doctor being in this. Rich Proctor, not to be confused with her. It's packed here. It's from Rich Proctor. Probably the same guy. Yeah. Go see your Proctorologist. 560560, pound 560, on the AT&T line. What pre 1980 movie do you think is a must see that people should go and rent it or buy it or steal it if they ain't seen it yet. Godfather 9. How could anybody not have seen the Godfather and really believe that they were like a lie? You're gonna talk a man. What come on go? Once we're over to Cook Us Nest 4. Clockwork R&C 3. Dr. Strange loved to never Scott 2. I'll ride at one of his mind. Rocky Horror Picture Show. And it's just getting going. It's just a formula right now. 12 minutes past noon we got the mad dog at 2. 5906. 640560. 2. 2. 2. 2. 2. 2. 2. 2. 2. 2. 2. 2. 2. 2. 2. 2. 2. 2. 3. That is why she's now my wife. And I think my son may know his true. He's my nephew too. Will my daddy is my uncle Joe Mother. His mander and flow is there. He played through sea. My first cousin is me. Oh. You asshole. 16 at 560 WQM happy Monday happy Martin Luther King Jr. Day. The fact that Mary and elephant is an evaporator is enough to make me want to. Yeah. Gag. Sand. Here's the facts. It says your meal. Hello. We just got back from a one week cruise charter by the World Bank of Canada. And it was the most unbelievable week of our lives. Unbelievable. Although we were not affiliated with the World Bank of Canada, we run a family vacation. We've never seen a nicer and happier group of people like these Canadians and our whole lives. We listen to your show all the time. Always heard you talk about how nice the Canadians are. And how wonderful the nightlife isn't Canada. Well, we got to witness it this week. And you weren't exaggerating one bit. Every night we went to the ship's nightclub. Young and old alike were out on the dance floor dancing till the wee hours of the morning. On other aspect of the Canadians, we noticed this is how friendly they were. What great manners they have and how curious they are. And you were absolutely. Absolutely. Correct. It's what it says. Well, thank you. And I was I mean, why would I make it up? You know, me. I'm a hard bit in the old ass. Right. I go to Amsterdam and a place sucks like this last December. I'll tell you. I'm not going to sit here. Work for the chamber. Commerce less amount of payroll, which I'm not. It just happens to be true. Educated polite courteous, friendly. Nice. He laid back. You know, it's just a nice, stress less kind of lifestyle as opposed to here. Oh, I got to tell you a great very short story. You're not going to like the first part. Okay. Well, yes, that evening morning, I sit down. This is the first part of the story. Click a crap. And I flush the turlet. Oh, I don't like that. No, that's not the part. But it's so the handle on my toilet. Like, start a wobbling, you know, like we just, a wobbling around the handle too. So I pick up the top of the toilet. I love the of the tank. And I look and it's like all rust it out. And it's obvious that there's no way to, you know, save it. Need a new ball cock. No, not a new ball cock. Just a new, aspiratis, you know, with the handle and the metal thing. It was also the lever, the chain. The lever, the lever brothers. And man, I'm got to think was so rust it out. And I'm, I've got my pliers. And I'm turning and twisting. Then of course it dot on me. It's a backwards thread. You know what I mean? Right. Right. Those are always backward. So I'm doing was tightening it. So I find they get the thing off for the all the part. And we're, we're, we're going to go to get one of those. It's 10 o'clock on a Sunday morning. But. Oh, see, I wouldn't, I wouldn't go on the K-marp. We don't have no cover. And the merch. So I went to freaking Walmart. And I'm going to tell you, I, I looked around at the people in there. And I thought, let me get out of here. And by the way, speaking of, I was almost nobody speaking English in there. Hey, I got news for it. Where did it, it's, it's finished. You're lucky. At least you, uh, still got a little bit of it. Oh, you don't mean you're poor to gasey. I don't know where they were from. But they sure, sure, we're not speaking of English in the Walmart. I'll buy the song. So anyway, I find, I find what I'm looking for. Okay. Right. And there were like two items. I had to buy, I had to get the flapper. Oh, yeah. Okay. The flapper from my crapper with the, with the chain. And the other part, the, I have. So I got my two items. I go to the checkout, which is, there's, luckily at that time at the morning, very, very slow. 10 30 in a Sunday morning. And I go to this one counter and there's a woman. I didn't see her. Well, it's because she wasn't there. She's got, no, she's got her shopping cart with a whole bunch of crap in it. But she's not there. She's gone off to go get some more. So the very nice young dark, I'm like, did Lady behind the counter. She reached out to take my two items. And I handed him to her. And she's to, and I keep in mind that the total of my big transaction was $7.4. Okay. Okay. And then it took from now until that. And then nothing. She just had a scan. The two took no time at all. So the woman who went over to get like whatever, she comes back to her cart and she looks at the girl behind the counter. She's, what happened? And she said, you left. You lost your place. I said, I'll take 20 seconds. I, I just restrained myself because she had such a look. Like what happened? Like who the hell are you? Now keep in mind, she's got a cart full of crap. Oh, it's the new thing now. Yeah. There's many different ways that the cart saves your place. Your kids, your place. The one that was no kid. There was nobody else. And it doesn't work. How many times have you been like in the supermarket or one of those places? And there's a cart full of stuff. And it doesn't really belong to anybody. It's just, it's just there. Right. So I'm not being, not being psychic at least that much. I wasn't able to like figure out that she was there. Plus it would have taken me probably 20 minutes to wait behind her and her cart full of crap. Right. But the way it was the way she said it. The summer. What's just happened? As opposed to just, or not, We're going to wait for you to keep adding things to your cart. And I said it. It'll take 20 seconds. Which it did. It was $7.4. I had a five, two singles and a dime. The girl had a me six cents. The stuff in a bag in my receipt. And if it took 20 seconds. Okay. I'll beg Greg Reads life on it. Didn't take longer than that. And she just had this look on her faces. And I thought to myself, there you go again. The typical example. Did we do the break by the way? Yes. We did. Yes. Are you sure? We got a verified on the digital. They were lost. I never scratched it out. Which means that must be having a pretty good time. Not. No. She was just so typical of the hostility here. Why? If that's anything. If the same thing would happen like a chopper's drug mart in Toronto. Then there wouldn't have been a word. I would have looked at the person and they would have smiled. Wait for this happens. You're standing in line behind someone who doesn't have anything in their arms. You got your two items or whatever it is. It's like a jug of soda, something that's, you know, not light as a feather. And you think that you're in the short line behind the person who maybe they just want to pack a cigarettes or something. Oh no. Then they summon their, they're just the partner. Now there's somebody in the person with a two giant carts and they cut in front of you. Oh, this person was saving my spot. And they've got a giant cart overloaded with the car. Did you refer to that? There's only one response to that. Yeah. It's going to happen. And how do you come to see anybody? So whipped up about the old fart that killed the other guy at the movie theater. Punch them in and this punch is ass out. And the theaters get in flat because they're supposed to know that the old people are unruly. I see how this is supposed to be going to get in. Well, fist fight in one guy like fall and go to a woman cropped. That's right. Even Rick Sanchez is embarrassed by that. The greatest gave 1963. Oh, yeah. And dark man am cameons. Huh? 1974. I don't know what that is. I feel a lot. Yeah, right. Oh, about Debbie does your feel. Ever seen a dark canyon? Debbie did your feel before the Brazilian stood over. But it's great to know we got three Brazilians. Let's do it. Oh, right. That's exciting. This is the best day of my life so far. Here's the facts from Vian Boca. She says, hi, Neil, I'll move you the hand. Michael Kane lost his hand because it had it hanging out the window in the hand too. A semi truck driving too close to his car ripped it off. Just like that. It says congratulations on your Patriots. When I'm sure that all fans are a few. I mean, too bad. Just to let you know, there are a lot of women. Here we go with this again. A lot of women listening. We had a point four. A ples zero point. Four. My boyfriend turned me on to you nine years ago. I've been hooked ever since I'd be so happy to fill out one of those diaries. But how do you get selected? A lot of the website the bedtime stories. Pete told me, please tell George it's better to have a small teeth than a big smelly bag. Yeah. Well said, V. Nice going. You ask for a shot off the right down. The birds. No, before dark man and Kenyan. No, but the birds. That's the V says the birds. The greatest gap. And dark man and Kenyan. Now are you sending those Derek? Because I don't want to keep passing because we have a little problem with our facts. I rebooted the whole thing here. I like we done it. And it seems to be working okay now. Let's see. Godfather's got 18. What pre-1980 movie do you think is a must see for people who are rent or buy? And keep in mind you're doing a little bit of a service for your fellow, which is probably why we're not going to get a lot of votes. No, it's good because a lot of people scratch their head. But what should I go into? What can we go watch this weekend? There will be entertaining, interesting, fascinating that we've missed out on. You'd be amazed at how many people haven't seen, for example, Godfather, which is just a tragic tragic. I mean the lines. Please, the good. Take the canoli. 18 say the Godfather. Cook was next eight. And he just died. Maybe we have an honor of what's his name? They ought to go out and get an out. What was his name? What was his name? Who just died? The guy that I want my cigarettes, Mr. Patrick. Chesswick, just a co-business eight, Clockwork Orange eight. Doctor Strange love vote six. Jaws for deliverance three network three. And then we've only got a few smattering of the smattering's on it. Well, they're waiting to get their favorite on it, which if I take some calls, they might. WQA and hello. Yes sir. Congratulations on your Patriots. The hard fucking game. It was a sensational game and of course, as always, they always let the other team hang on to the end because we don't like to close the deal. They don't make work sighting. Well, it's a deal. The network gets them marching. Right. Anyway, you got to play Andre Cancer for your three Brazilians. Dick Holden. Right. And for movie, I guess 2001's piece out of sea and a big you played at the top of the hour. That was Congress. What was that? It was the Moe and Jeldi doing a take off of the old. Oh, David Danny. Yeah. And Danny and Jimmy. Boy. That was the point that it's Congress. See ya. Thanks a lot, Paul. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Bruce Y. Rock, our good buddy says you ever get a chance to watch the DVD of our documentary Florida fights back, resisting the stolen election. No. We'd love you to your copy last time we were down here. There was also an animated version of the Enron song, Clot on the DVD. Uh, what did I do with that? You left it around and took off and didn't watch it. Oh, I got it around somewhere. Thanks again, Bruce. You're the best. Let's see. Fail safe is a great movie. Yeah. Yeah. It's Dr. Strange's love and the two movies had the same message, but did it totally different. One black comedy. The other is straight melodrama. Two greatest movies of all time. So let's get fail safe on her. Are you writing these down? Good. I don't want to. I don't want to do it. They've been a lot of fun and school. It was great. Starry Henry Fonda, Don Deloys. Larry Hagman and Walter Mathow. Where can you get that? I'm never saying it's a bit. Yeah, in the videos. Yeah, it's a keeper. They got everything. PS, Bert Reynolds was in the hilarious movie with Don Deloys. The end. That's the name of the movie. Now my farting message. Thank you very much. It was cute. What was it with him and Don Deloys? They are friends. They're pretty tight. But. Now they're always the buddies. Smoky and abandoned parts were 285. The chums. And a lot of really, really corny, horrible. Some of you that one might have been pretty good. I'll pass. I'll take you word for it. 27 pass noon at 5.60. WQAM. If you're fat, boy, now it. Everything in their brothers fat. Even people didn't used to be fat. Our fat. Like they woke up one day and they were fat. It's true. Snuck food into the. They said that people were just naked food in their bed overnight. They just sucked it all up and bought a bing they were fat. Anyway, here's the answer. Balance for life. If you haven't tried it, what are you waiting for? If you fail them all the others. If you bought all those books like I have and you're still fat as a cow. And you're frustrated. One of the best parts about balance for life is you don't have to do any shopping or figuring out. No calories to count. No carbohydrates still look for a count because they do all the figuring for you. Balance for life is based on the zone diet along with special emphasis on a glycemic fatty of carbs and they do all that figure and they prepare fantastic delicious meals and deliver right to your door. They give you a little black sack every morning inside there. Three delicious meals to great snacks even a 60 ounce bottle water. And the weight will pour off your body while you're enjoying some fantastic. So the reason you won't be cheating is because they don't have like pericate size portions. They have big filling portions that will keep you happy full and satisfied all day long. So if you really want to start losing that weight to delicious weight, here's the answer for you. Balance for life. If you fill out that menu once a week, that's all you have to do. Call them today. Tool free. It's not tool free. It's in Barbon. It's worth a call. 9 5 4 5 6 8 30 29. That's 9 5 4 5 6 8 30 2 29. Or get more information on a wicked web at balance for life.com. My life. This is for you. 5 6. You way. You way. It's Paul Harvey. Stand by for news. A young woman named Rita who was blessed with large bosoms. When's the doctor for her annual checkup? The doctor told her to remove her clothes and get on the examining table Shiley Rita said doctor I can't undress in front of you. Well the doctor said then fine I'll turn the lights off for you you undress and tell me when you're ready. A few moments later Rita called out I've undressed doctor what shall I do with my clothes to which the doctor replied just. Put him on the chair on top of mine. Now page two. Two cowboys, Johnny and Peter sitting in a bar. One had asked his friend that he heard of any new sexual position. Specifically one called the rodeo. Peter said no what is the rodeo. Well you're not your wife. You reach around and cover breasts with both hands. Then you say boy these are almost as nice as your sisters and then yeah see if you can hang on for eight seconds. Paul Harvey. Good day. Good day. 1233 at 5.60 WQM happy. Ln2 Martin Luther King day. Michael Jackson may walk away. He may never stand trial says the inquire of this week. Prosecution square and now they got all these delays they're saying four to six months before anything. Really starts having. Oh just keep pushing it forward. Yeah that's right. Did you say OJ? Oh just O.G. Prosecution scrambles as experts predict Michael could go free. Michael Jackson may walk free without ever going to trial having to defend himself. And exclusive inquire investigation is discovered that the cancer-stricken boy accusing Jackson of child molestation is in desperate need of a kidney transplant. Maybe Zoll give him his. This tragic turn of events could end the prosecution of the king of pop again. Jackson 45 while we know what he started with. The youngsteewaw already lost one kidney cancer is suffering from kidney failure as being kept alive by dialysis. A blood-pensing procedure which can have serious health consequences in side or told the inquire. The Santa Barbara district attorney's office is continuously monitoring the health of the boy at the center of the accusation. The cases built around his testimony should he take a tragic turn before the case goes to trial. It could also spell tragic consequences for the case itself. And Michael will get off. Squirt score again. Just as we predicted right. No solution. And the reason that they're saying for delays is well because his attorney Mark Garagos has got so many other important trials. Like Scott Peterson yada yada yada yada yada yada. Oh what kind of justice is that? You see what I'm saying? What kind of excuse is that? It's a lame excuse but that's when you get when your name is Frick and Michael Jackson. So let's have a party given out invitations in Everland. Stand up on top of that limo. Duke and in jive and snap at his fingers. Clamp at his hands. And the people the people are bigger assholes than he is. Yeah by far he's the one that's made to go into the bank. What are they doing? Stand there making an asshole. Think it's a good neverland. Right. They got a free invitation in Everland. Oh it was just wonderful. It was just beautiful. God people sometimes just make me want to yak. Al Pacino 3 day dog day afternoon 3 day dog night dog day afternoon adica adica. Remember adica snitch. Oh wrong movie. What does it will be we ought to have a monkey bird to kill a monkey bird with a great Gregory Peck. Now keep in mind. What can I just say this? Because there are a lot of people to think well you know some of these movies are so obvious. I guarantee if you walked into a shop in Malright now and you can find anybody who's smoking much. And you asked like 100 people. How about to 90 people at least haven't seen most of these movies. Correct. Well the exception may be the godfather. Maybe godfather 50 50. Right. Oh yeah. Sure. I mean it's like an icon. The hospital, George C. Scott. Somebody facts this about that last week. The hospital. So speaking of the two kill a monkey bird. Yes. You're good friend Robert Devolent there. And you don't even remember who he played. Boo he played. Yeah he played the retard. Boo Radley. Right. I remember him. That was great. He was always great. He was freaky. Uh that was the other really good movie with Robert Devolent. Was the pre-1980 the great Santini? The ace. I don't know. You see it? No. You didn't see the great Santini. Oh that's all the great Santini. That he said the ace. Same movie. Oh. They changed the name. When it first came out it was called the ace and they pulled it out of the theaters. It was a bomb. I mean that kind of a bomb. And then they released it with the new name and it was uh became a had a cult following. See any time they say it had a cult following means it was a box office. You know mediocre. Right. But it was a good movie. The great Santini with the great Robert Devolent. Uh the great Santini. Four and a half stars in my book. In the plot, plus the radio, a payment book which we bought with a plain brown rapper. So nobody knew where we bought it. A career marine in the peacetime service. It's uh 79 was the year so we can get it on there. But I tell you. The great Santini had a big weenie. Takes his natural bludrons out on his family especially as son who's coming into his own. Wonderful story of family relationships. Good southern setting. Well past insightful with a marvelous cast. And very well. Good review. Robert Devolent. Blight danner. I love her. She's great. You don't like blight danner. Blight. And all right. She never stole a freight train. What do you don't like about her? Yeah. She just I don't know mild. Michael O'Keefe was very good. Uh you don't know other movie that uh which they got that TV show with the same name which is a rip off and I don't know if anything you can do with it because I never watched it. Without a trace. I'm trying to think of a southern ticket. Without a trace it was based I think on a true story maybe not about the little kid that gets to the spirit. I think that the handyman the handyman killed him because I spags how we get the name for everything. It's your fault. Uh without a trace without love without a home without a clue. Oh that's a great story. It's not in here without a trace. Oh my god. How can that be George? What kind of a stupid ass boss blockbuster no wonder without a trace isn't it here you know who's in there? Judgers. Yeah. You don't like Judgers? Doesn't wrong with him. What you sure are picky man. Judgers is a damn good actor. What did I just say? You said nothing wrong with him. He like all excited and jump up and down. It's great. I take somebody good to give me all the time. To me like you anti-Semitic. Not me without a trace and I can't I don't know what it's definitely before 1980. Got to be. Got to be. Excellent movie. If you don't have a tear in your eye when Jud Hersh is driving into the other kid. Hmm. And they're driving up through New England to the streets of New and New Haven and where the house is. And he sees the house that the psychic told the mother about and he sees that house and it just you just want to you just can't believe it. I don't want to spur it. Don't spur it. They find the kid. 560 pound. 560. Did we do mention in Canada with French Sinatra? In fact, Kim Novak last time was talking about she was the first Hollywood star she dated. French Sinatra. She said he was hung up on moose. And Larry said, hey, look at this. You think this is a matchup? And she said. You called that a penis? Well, and Larry is making more babies by the way. Larry King is at a whole bunch of bombies from the house. Now he's sick. Yes. How about the movie HUD? Okay. Right? Okay. And then there was the one that I like was called Pud. And then bugs his favorite, Elmer. Jud. That's right. The Florida one. Hang in Chud. Another Max Bon Sattau movie. How come some people pronounce the Max Bon C now? That bothers me. That is name. Three days of the condom condor. Are we putting that on there? Sure. Why not? You got it? Yes. Well, I'm not going to call Eric because I computer. Your computer is on the right. I don't know. I reset it. Oh, my God. Which 19 of pre-1980 movie do you think is a musty? People ought to go out like today and buy it right at stealing. The Godfather, 31 of course. If you haven't seen the Godfather, what do we need to say? Is there anything we can say? Oh, they'll get you off your ass. Oh, huh? You haven't seen movies. And the best part of it is now that you can go out and instead of worrying about the first one or number two and number three, they go out there and get the trilogy. They can get in order to get the big collector's side or the extra foot. They can get whatever they want. They can get like a whole bunch of different versions. That's a lot of fun. I'm just getting the billi-ging and pretend they saw the third one. They want to leave with a pawn. Wrong. Wrong. Wrong. Wrong. It's matter with you. You go for my life. You go for my life. 31 votes for Godfather. What was the movie with him and Keanu Reeves again? I'm thinking devil's advocate, but I never saw it. I was thinking of word. I think that was it. There's a reason I never saw it. Because it sucked. So I was told. Yes. Seriously, his performance is scary. It disturbs me. You know what I mean by that? No, I do. Because he's a great actor when he wants to be, but when he just wants to be that one always shouting and doing it. In fact, he's almost like, how are we David and they're dramatic? Yeah, exactly. Melodromatic. We like a little more mellow and a little less mellow dramatic would be good. How about some mellow bars? Let's last time he had a mellow bar. It's been a while. Hmm. Malacup. Malacup. Yeah, it's been a while. Halloween. Those were good. They come around and they'll make them. But I don't think there's the same as they used to be. I don't think it's like real chalk. They're the more such right on the package. Like, we know all the original. Is it real good? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's the mellow of the mellow. Godfather 33. Cook was in that 17 clockwork. Orange 12. Dr. Strangelog 12. Jaws 9. Network 6. Deliverance for Rocky Horror Picture Show 4. The Exorcist 4. Traeger Sarah Madray 4. Dirty dozen three. Oh, man. To an down from there. Single digits. They're working on it. 18. Oh, one and five. 60. WC. I'm not going to go. I've panther hockey this afternoon. Support the Panthers. They're kicking some Robbie Longa. If you don't go just for his sake alone, and that pisses me off. Because he is so great, so underrated, doesn't get the credit he deserves. He's beyond belief. And gets a lot of grief. Speaking of grief, how's fat boy doing? I didn't mention it. I've got before. I got before. I will tell you what's from Dorish. Anyway, our good buddy fat boy sleep at on a big mattress. Some dollar my first night notice I said a big mattress. And nothing can improve your health better than getting a good night sleep. That's why if your old mattress is worn out lumpy and bumpy. Make yourself positive recommendation that you're going to do with the right thing in 2004 and get yourself a great night sleep. Thanks to our friends at dollar my first call 1-800 mattress. That's all you have to do. You'll talk to a train bed and consultant who knows the bedding business inside and out. And this year, dollar my first is proud to have added. Stewards and foster here with to their already strong and beautiful championship lineup. Stewards and foster the finest mattress made in America. And now you can sleep on one as soon as tonight. If you make the call right now 1-800-MAT-T-R-S or if you like temper pedic. If you see those temper pedic spots and TV, no. They look really neat. Temper pedic is amazing. Also they got King Coral, Simmons, Seely, Surtour, they got the top names. Two is from dozens of models at low unbeatable everyday discount prices too. And only our friends at dollar my first let you choose that two hour delivery window that meets your schedule. Loverwards they'll show up when you want them to when it's convenient for you when your ass is going to be home. Any day seven days a week from 8 in the morning till 10 p.m. So with low prices, same day delivery free set of an over. You don't have to be a rocket scientist to figure out why dollar my Chris is ranked number one and customer satisfaction. I've been using them for years you ought to be doing the same. Call them today you'll be sleeping like a baby as soon as tonight. 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S or check them out online at macros.com. 5-10-Local-V-6-E-5-16. The radio is all yours. BOO! You ain't... Face with a throttle maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority, Neil God. He's just a little habit born in the sharp, but if you want to ring better than you better hire Frodo. If I rode you'll throw a hold of. It's going to mountain doom to destroy the ring. Yeah, that's the whole plot of the return of the king. We're talking Frodo. If I rode you'll throw a hold of. Frodo, Frodo, Frodo. The world is happy little and so physical guy but when he fights that spidery stabs her in the eye on my Frodo. Frodo, Frodo, Frodo. It sure is long three hours and took what it still up. Best of then a reading of fuck about Frodo. Fro, Fro, Fro, Frodo. Fro, Fro, Frodo. Fro, Frodo. Will they pop corn and drink a jumbo coke? Send their till my flat and nearly row. I miss the whole part of Bout Mountain doom. Cause I spent it all in the little birds room. So I've got to have to go and see it again. But I'll ask some defense on I won't have to miss Frodo. Fro, Fro, Fro, Fro, Fro. Look at Jackie Johnson, man. She's running this for Pina. He's got a hit on him. I'm a stop-bottle. With two fake boots. And the loved one is like three times the size that a right one. Man, I'm telling you some of you guys are so desperate. But that's okay. It's a 12 minutes before one at 560 WQ and George City do it right now. Right now, right on top of the table. Or under it. And a fair to remember says Marty. It says I know that provided access to many panties for me when I saw it with the ladies. Says Marty and a fair to remember. What are you frowning? I never saw it. Well, there you go. And a fair to remember. Who was in it? Very famous movie. I came over for I seen her not. Huh? I didn't. Think of we haven't had any of those. Like what's that one that they're always trying to get me to watch? Well, that's not pre-1980 anyway. That you movie. Shindler's list. Oh, it's good movie. Good. You watch it. Now, I saw the piano. Another June movie. Yeah. Week. I don't watch June movies. I mean, there was really no points with it. It's just linear. If I want to see a Jews, I'll just hang out and sunrise. I need about that. And a fair to remember. It's probably under a fair wouldn't you think? I'll use any like... ...and you could. What? Any pre-positions? Let's see. And Amis behaving after shock. A fair in Havana. Now we're talking. Oh, good. I'm fair in Havana. Let's go. Come on, Sinha. Crank it up, baby. Hero Smith. African Queen with Johnny Mathes and Huffry Bogart. Alan Naomi. Albino Allege. Alphate's guys, the whole shopping story. And... ...a more time around. What about all of how to use it? What about it? You want to put that on? I mean, I can go through the book with me. Put a fake and put them all on. I did like it as much as a symbol. Sible to stir up. Am I looking for it? And a fair to remember? I don't care. I don't care. Amsterdam. They have a better day. I'm just going to say this. 1988 Dutch movie, Amsterdam, serial killer prouds the streets of Amsterdam, as police detected tries to stop the slaughter. Interesting use of location. And otherwise routines splatter film. Amsterdam never heard of it. How come I can't find an affair to remember? I don't you find something a little bit bizarre about it. I am DB. And I also can't find without a trace. Maybe it disappeared without a trace. Maybe they just stole it and turned that stupid STV show. I can't find either one of them. Anyway, put it on there. 5, 6, 7, look at the way those phones are freeing. Frantically. Frantically. Here's one. It says. Oh, fill and mudgate. Rosemary's baby. That's good. Good choice. He also says during commercial brace while you're viewing these a common do-sing snooze ramigames yesterday. How could he say that about the Patriot game? The other one was a snooze. I stumbled upon Fox News. Bad move, Phil. They had breaking news about the actress Winith Paltromic. He anti-American comments. She claims there's an overly patriotic fever in the US, which is borderline dangerous. Since she's right, she prefers to raise your children in London, where she also says most people sure are feelings concerning dick and bushing again. The Brits of Nicknamed Tony Blair, the vice president of the US. I'm amazed these assholes at Fox Continuabinersmeer campaign. He wants me to give the number out to everybody. Call. Now the better idea is just to turn them off. Fill. He said the bill, my her. I know you don't like him, but they had check out his show on HBO. They had Al Sharpton even though he's a racist. He tells the right wingers often holds no punches. He's got balls. Okay. Whatever you say, Phil. Don't wait your time at Fox News just to what I did. Not ever watching. So you're looking for a- And if you're very, remember what Leo McCreary and Milgrit Cram? No, not Leo McCreary. Uh, Gordin McCreary. Leo McCreary? I thought it says here. And who else? And if you remember Milgrit Cram? No, that's not what you were saying. 57. Oh, that's it. What does it say? A carry grant, Deborah Carrer. A grant, Deborah Carrer. What's it? Why are you reading them after Richard Denny from Mr. and Mrs. Because that's how they have it listed here. Well, they suck. So put it on there. Here's the fact that says Charlie Rose played the Michael more interview than Next night said it was a problem in New York with a feed, y'all. Y'all. This Thursday front line, a search for Sodom's weapons. Okay. Well, I hope it's better than the last front line. It was really just a rehash of what we already seen. But I'll give it a shot. 560, 50560 on the AT&T line. WQA and hello. Yes, sir. Pretty good. Uh, I got a real obscure move besides the X-Foot. Okay. Halloween. They're first one. Was that pre-80? Uh, yeah. They were 78. Okay. You got a month. I got one for my mom. I got one for my mom. What? What? It came out? Yeah. Just got for both. Okay. All right. Dude. Did you hear? I saw him in a parking lot this morning on the way out. 79. You already checked it out? How do you like that? The jerk. Okay. Let's give that on. Is that Steve Martin? Yes. Okay. Well, I know I saw it, but it's 100 years ago. 24 years ago. Excuse me. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T. Verizon Line. Godfather's leading 42 vote. Cook was next 21. I want my cigarettes this ratchet. Uh, Dr. Strangelove, 14. Clockwork Orange 13. Jaws 11. I stole like worry shudder. I don't know why. He just bothers me. He never did anything for me. He just never bugged me either. He wouldn't do it for me either. I said, I got it. Network 6 Rocky Horror Picture Show 6. The Exorcist 5. Come on. What is wrong with you, people, man? It's a head-turner. Make no mistake about that. Father, you have no law of the boy. I'm going to cap me. That's a power of Christ who fills you up. Oh! The power of Christ who fills you up. Absolutely. The power of Christ who fills you up. The power of Christ who fills you up. Uh, anyway, you're love what she's doing at crucifix by the way. Uh, 30 dozen four. Deliverance four. Treasures here on my gray four. Uh, the end laws too. Uh, the end laws three. Dog day afternoon three and everybody else got like one and a two and a two and a word. Lawrence Wellf numbers. Not much. WQM. Hello. Deal. Yes sir. I've been a sensation. I have a movie for your pole. Okay. It's way pre-1980s and it's one of the campiest movies ever made. Sunset Boulevard. Oh, with the glorious Watson. Yes. What was the best? Fickering your polo. You're a god at thanks a lot, pal. I saw it. What did you see it? Many times. I think, I think, 1956, 54. Huh? I'm going to look it up just to be sure. Oh, you're going to look it up faster. So you got the advantage on here because to do thing in a book or turn the pages. Sun down, melt down. Fitty. Sunset Boulevard, 1950. Like I said, I was only four years off. Towering drama five stars with comic overtones. Assilance screen has been norma, desmin, glorious Watson tries to come back with help of jiggle screenwriter William Holden. William Holden was so good that it just it scares me. You know what I liked in that movie is they is the Butler whatever his name was. Eric von Stroheim. Got him. Was that him? I don't know. Nancy Olson. I don't know who that she was. Um, I'm not the Butler of the Exorcist. Don't you remember that Nazi. Oh, oh, oh. What was that Nazi thing because that was Nazi Butler in the Sunset Boulevard? Right. Same thing. You Nazi pasted. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60. A lot of the Nazis running around again these days. Some of them are running the US government. I noticed 1256. 4 minutes till one in 5, 60 WQM. Like I said, everybody in their brother, low carb is like a disease now. Right. Yeah. You can't escape it. Low carb beer, low carb enema's low carb. Uh huh. Low carb. Gars. Scorances. She wants one of those. Anyway, here's a great store for you. Low carb people. Whether you're on the atkins. Whether you're on that. See all these other ones. The rip off city atkins. South Beach died. If it works for a hey, great. The rip off city atkins. They're all rip off city atkins. Just like me, modify. Which is why icons now say, oh, don't eat so much. May it made little fish in a chickens. Good. But anyway, you'll find one store. It will give you some great variety. Keep you on your straight narrow path and help you lose that way. Which are most of us desperately desperately trying to do. The lights are west book at the number one low carb store in the world. And they've got a worth thousand low carb products. You can choose from including. Breads and bagels, cookies and crackers, chips and brownies, chocolates. Ice cream, pasta with fantastic sauces. Catch up in cheese case. They give you the widest selection anywhere. They're open every day the week seven days from 10 to 10. And anything in the store that you're not too sure of, you can try it before you buy it. They've got a friendly knowledgeable staff that knows their stuff inside the note and they carry all the icons, products, always on sale today and every day too. The low carb diet is just so popular now that I can't even talk about it. So head for the number one low carb sugar free store in the world. The lights are west book. But at least speakers, man, are just brutal on the northeast corner of blades in 441. Right next to Boston market or column toll free at 1. 877 low carb. Check them out on the web at low carb.com. That's with a WLOWCARB low carb.com. Don't forget there's only one real deal I saw by spoken into your official atkins retail center who's singing a hell of a tune these days. We're sports radio 5 C2. You A M. Now you see this distracted me from my lawnsie? Well, no, it's your MRP and has to be your fault. It couldn't be me. Hello, this is on. This is not a tumor. It's the one, the two hour. You're a little small because you've got those small teeth. And then the band. Now you see the sound of all the vocalらい for us off the camera? Please hand or play. Wouldn't she do be Administrative Remember me! Make a TINO! Hmm. noch fridge. Oh no! One-two-a-five-60 WQM, butch cast it in the Sundance kid, Paul Newman, a rubber redford. And it says, way of the gun is the remake. Okay, it is. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I never got it on the gameplay, but I got it. Maybe I'll bring it back one of these times. You won't have to pay for it. Bush, I don't think I ever saw Bush Cassidy in the Sundance kid. I don't know. A little bit too much for me. So thank you very much for that. Also, here's the fact, now I want to put on a list to save you the effort. But, Max von Sightow was in, Adventures of Bob and Doug McKenzie, the Strange Brew 1983. Oh, so great comedy performance. Max von Sightow is Brumyster Smith. You saw it? Oh yeah. You did? Oh, I see. It would Rick Moranis. Yeah. That's what's Miranda modded for a birthday. Moranis. Required viewing in Montana. I see. Yeah. The McKenzie brothers. Okay. Well, that was made with the Canadian student north of us. You know, you have your Tarantians? Yeah. The Tuk wherein, the swimmers, the British Columbia, and Alberta. Yeah, you're going to puk if you don't wear your Tuk man. Yeah. You're going to yak. The graduates is Oscar. Graduate was a great movie. I mean, who didn't want to bone their girlfriends mom or dad. Great wood movie. It says the graduate. Now you're looking to make. I didn't like it. I like it. I've seen some of our my girlfriends moms. Oh, I see. That's what you give me the Sarah look about about the old bone. George has got a Sarah bone and small teeth. But anyway, the graduate. You got it. Got it. You do? You told me before. Oh. How about midnight cowboy? Or midnight express. I'm getting to that. Oh, and cool. I had Luke. Got it. I've realized a lot of these are classics, but I guarantee that a lot of punks out there, 25 and maybe about 30 men. And even 40 haven't seen a lot of these movies. Right? Right. I mean, there's other stuff to watch. Be said, just watching, you know, animal house for the 80, 50, there's more to life than just that, right? I mean, not much. Christ. The loved one. And like you said, with things that are going on right out, the glove one probably be the sequel. The glove one. What do you say? Oh, Stephen. Starring Jonathan Winner's Robert Morley and expose the funeral business. Saita Black humorous is Louis and freeport. Louis and freeport when are our few people? Three poor people. Thank you, Lou. Happy Martin Luther King Day 2. And by the way, the people in the Bahamas are pissed off. And the people in Haiti are really pissed off. About what? Us. About Aristide. And isn't he like baby, baby doc? He's his baby. He's pop it out junior. He's feet of stock. Yeah. Well, we keep doing it until we keep screaming. We can't even figure out why the risk their lives trying to get here. Cause we're exporting democracy. That's right. All over the world. Just like all those data rackies. Here is one. The Anderson tapes. There's somebody. It was Christopher Walkins first movie. Well, then. And they've also got ran through the Luxe, but I said one per customer. What we're getting a whole list now, which is good. But keep in mind, when you vote on these, if you had like only one to recommend to somebody else. Like, what will we do? Shall I go out and read her by this weekend? But I'd really enjoy it. That's what to keep in mind. Okay? Cause it's very, very important. No. Isn't it? I think so. If you tune in late, we did our own Iowa caucus before. And Dr. Dean buried the competition. He buried Kerry and everybody else. And very Kerry. Edwards did a little bit. How about Hallie Burry? And very Kerry. If Hallie Burry married, Harry Kerry. Would she have been very Kerry? Hallie Burry Kerry. Scary. Five, six, seven. Better. He made Mary's knocking her on here. Was it mad though? Somebody else. Oh, no. Not going to recover today. So go Hallie Burry. Shame on you. There's no justice in this world. I'd like to knock her up. Now, but. I'll load last time I saw her. You know, I know this is going to be ridiculous. Like most things I say. But a lot of people, when you see them without makeup, which you don't very rarely get to see any celebrities without makeup. But once in a great while, you know, by accident, you'll send a catch-up picture with a makeup. And you'll say, holy crap. Right. You know what I mean? Sure. I mean, take a puke at that. With makeup, they can make almost anybody look good. You know what? Oh, you have the potential. If you have like the wrong ingredients. They're like the Bayoling ingredients. Now, Jackie Johnson, for example, she's got those two fake boobs. Why? Jackie, listen, somebody screwed up a channel. So when you try to get her the same set on the given day. So they're like close to matching size. On the left side, she had the one big Mariah Carey won. On the other side, she had the old Miss Twiggy won, you know, the reason is the Vanuite boob. There's another one. It just, it just amazes me. What is what is the sentence with her? What is the big deal with that picture? Party face. Vanu? Yeah. Okay. That mean, not like gorgeous. No, just an average of your pedestrian, pretty face, which I guarantee without makeup. She probably looks like a toy. You know what it is, you might be smiles, Vanu always smile. Yeah. What's your mouth going through? You would two if you can pay that kind of mind. Damn, straight. Punch the turn. She'll even have to turn them anymore. I'd be showing like 20 teeth every night. She's got always touch it. She's got paid big bucks to touch it. I've been doing it for three all these years. That's what screw-and said. WQAM, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I got an nomination for your poll and a suggestion for a future poll. Yes. I'm not going to be all like I'm about to put it down in the Holy Grail. What is it? Money Python and the whole proposal. I don't like him. Yeah, I love money Python and you're breaking up pal. So I think we better cool where we're money Python and a holy grail. Any money Python, will we be good? But that's a good one. Why would he say I don't like money Python? I love money Python. They're about my favorite right. WQAM, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. The movie that you ought to put on there today's corporate climate is funny, but I don't want to put any smoke. Put any smoke to great movie about advertising like the advertising agency is loaded the black land to be there chairman of the board. Okay. No one else is a great film. Okay, we got it. Bye. Thanks, pal. Oh, and speaking of movies about advertising, guess what I saw again about a week ago. I give up. Speaking of Al Pacino. Maybe it was less than a week. About advertising. Sales people. Oh, Glenn Gary Glenn. Oh, I could watch that like every day. That movie is so great. It is so not a bad one. It's so intense. Right. So freaking intense. Good mystery. Good plot. Good acting. Poor Jack Lemon, you know. Right. Well, he went out with a bang. I mean, that was a great performance. Why are you doing this to me? Because I don't like you. Oh, I'm just going to watch your heart. Oh, oh. Oh. It's so difficult because they're all Shester. Right. Shester. And for anybody in the audience who doesn't have, which I can't imagine too many people, but who's never really experienced like a real sales whole type. Right. Air v single one of them. They're on their own way. Right. Right. Because that's the nature of the beast. And just like captured it perfectly. All the characters. Oh. And why even go through it was great. Richard Grom, are you talking to me? And what when the guy, the scene in the movie where the guy, the customer comes in probably was big, big sail. And he's got a cancel of the deal because his wife holds the first things and she next to that scene there where Jack Lemon presents. Right. Oh, man. That is so good machine. At Harris. Everybody. The elders are about to come. Oh, man. That's fabulous. But that's supposed to be the right. But that's great. Glengary Glen Ross. So in other words, if we'll cheat a little bit, we won't put it on the pool. But if you haven't seen it, Glengary Glen Ross. Especially for people that hate seals, holes. Oh, our god. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Ten minutes after one at five, 60, and they could learn a lot around here. Let me tell you that. All the thing that movie to finish it out was screwing him. You know. Well, that was, what's his name? Kevin Spacey. Or is that who she was? Ten minutes after one. Don't be picking on Kevin Spacey. He was great in that movie. Yes, he was. He was. He was. And you still haven't seen him. Now I can't think of it. Yeah. He's good. It's just that some days he's in, some days he's out. It usual suspects. Yes, I did. Did you? I have that movie. I think of D.V.D. man. All right. Did I watch it? I'm trying to think of I watched it. I probably have the D.V.D. up in the TO. Why not? I don't know. You just haven't gotten around to it. I'm about to, I'm pretty sure I watched it. Or did I start watching it? I said it was too slow. I didn't even know what I was going to do. Anyway, it's 11 after one at 5.60 WQM. George has T.T. It's the last mortgage you'll ever need. It's the only one mortgage from financial group. The benefits are incredible. Zero closing costs. Zero application fee. Zero credit bureau fees. Zero discounted points. Get yourself an unbeatable new low interest rate. Just 1.25%. If you have yourself a hundred thousand dollar loan. Your payments are a mere. $334 bucks a month. A $200,000 loan. You pay only $668 a month. And don't forget. Once you refinance, I get you to hold mortgage from financial group. You will never ever pay closing costs again. So find out about it by making that one easy call. There's no obligation. Call 1-800-9-4-0-LAND. Get the low rate mortgage. You deserve an unbeatable new. You're going to have a good time with no further cost of expense. You pay zero underwriting fee. Zero dot fee. Zero closing costs. Even like I said, when you moved to another property. Get the new low rate financing. Just 1.25%. With the only one mortgage from financial group. And never ever pay closing costs again. Call them today. 1-800-9-4-0-L-E-N-D. That's 1-800-9-4-0-LAND. There are an equal housing lender. Restrictions apply rates. Have to change monthly. 4.21-A-P-R. $5.10. $5.10. This is for 20-5-60. You weigh yeah. $5.10. Hello? Yes, who? Hello? Yes? Who? Guess who? Well, answer me. You just cost me $6,000. What? $6,000. Really? Yes. What can I do for you? What time do you have? It's 12-22. That's right. Who is this? What am I going to do this month? Who is this? My name is Richard Roma. What can I do for you? You just cost me $6,000. I cost you $6. Yes. Now, where were you last night? Where was I supposed to be? You got the wrong number. Oh, what a big manual! Hey, let me buy your pack of gum. I sure have a chew it. Who? What do you shit me? Fuck you. Yeah, that's what you got to try. So I could crack your fucking head. How f*** up you are. Yeah. Come down. I shamed you out. What a f*** are you? Oh, those are you? I was in home. Oh, wait. Where did you learn this? Hey, you stupid f***ing f*** you idiot. Look, they got a go-be flag. You really made it. And I f***ing hunted out. You f***ing f***ing you f***ing quit. You f***ing quit. I love some of f***ing f***ing cousin you are. I'm going to go to him and figure out a way to have your ass f***ing you. Are you really, Eddie? Oh, my god. I'm sorry. I've tell you what, f***ing my job. I quit. Come down, step. F***ing you. Yeah, yeah, right. Yeah, tough on the phone. Oh, everybody. My wife's tough on the phone, too. What are you going to do about it? I don't want to do f***ing. I'll tell you what I want to do f***ing. I'll tell you what I want to do f***ing. I don't want to do f***ing. I don't want to f***ing you up. You're in for a big surprise. I'll tell you that, right? That's right. Because you don't know me. You f***ing. You have to f***ing you. Yeah, I know. Yeah, I know. You're fair enough. I'll give you a serve. You'll probably f***ing f***ing f***ing f***ing f***ing f***ing f***ing f***ing. Fuck, suckin'. Oh, man, I wish we'd always call this a my life. I would like to beat the face. I'm not a f***ing f***ing. You'll be sure so good. Yeah, I know. Go play. You f***ing a shot of f***ing run somebody old. And have a nice day. It's a 16 at 5 or 60. I'm 10 at Glen Gary Glen Ross. He answered it. You're missing out. Man in the glass booth, somebody says, uh, 1975. I looked it up. Let's get that on our right away. Okay. Man in the glass booth with Maximilian Schill written by the late actor Robert Shaw of Josh Femme butter wealthy Jewish architect. Oh, we're skidding that from his New York penthouse taking the Israel where he's put on his Nazi workroom and absolutely superb movie. We've had a great surprise if he gets any except my solitary votes as the facts. Thank you very much. Who's who facts it? A Charles in your field beats. Thank you, Charlie. Now, somebody who's a little bit slow and it says, I may be slow and stupid. That's correct. Just found out that CBSB Fused to run move on.org adds during the Super Bowl. Let's correct also. I just found that out. It's on our website. They won't run it. We had it on the website a couple of days ago. Huh, they won't run it. But they are going to run the White House ads about drugs or whatever propaganda they're peddling anti-drug. And I said that to you during the break. I guess I better take that now. You know our dean before I'm I mean, I'm not trying to put the Kabash on people to support Howard Dean. I like him, but his his stance on drugs and on drug legislation is grow Tusc. Well, you know what he has is strictly the politically correct right. What? Any other position is political poison. Why is that? Because it's America. I see maybe you ought to check out Canada. Get a little bit with it. Maybe one Paul Martin was down talking to El Presidente. So these other guys should have a little chat with him. Since he's promoting the same he's going to try to push through the same thing that Craig Chen was. decriminalization in Marjorie we need. But not Howard Dean. He's oh no, he's all for it. Every law and being in force and he doesn't want any relax. Relaxation of a the laws. Yadayada. Not good. By Dr. Dean. Anyway, he kicked ass on our Polish morning. Big time. I'm brave with Paul Newman. Okay. And then they got why do they always do two? They got Canada hot tin roof. Do we want to put that also? Huh? I can't stay when they do. When they do two. Why? One. That is the feats the whole purpose of it. These people in the audience say I've got a busy life. I'm going to have time to sit to watch and dozens and doesn't the movies all weekend. Although there's no football next weekend. So this is a good idea. You know what? There you go. Have a movie marathon. Right. Big movie marathon in the house. Send the wife of wife out to Walmart to stand and fill up the card. I still can't get over that. I realize what it wasn't a big deal. But it was just the way she did it all the time now. What happened? What happened? I should have said I couldn't line up money a bitch. Next time, stay with your card. You know, I'm slut. Trailer trash bitch. It's the whole brave new world away. Here like running lights. I know he's not for lights anymore. I'm not all that. I see that. I see that. I see a lot of money for both cops and the traffic lights because nobody pays any attention. Right. We say all the money. Just let everybody kill me. I think the traffic lights out. That's what it is now. Might as well. I saw that. The last house on the left. Well, that was a long time ago. I mean, I saw it long time ago. Well, that's what it says. Here's somebody just facts. Didn't I apologize again. Our facts, but she was screwed up earlier. If you were friendly trying to facts, we apologize. 61 for the old godfather. How do you like that? Cook was nest. Well, I'm gagging being in this room again. I think they're puppet into poison gas, which is the reason that only us were the only ones here today. Just the only ear people. They're puppet into poison gas. I can smell it. I'm gagging on it. How about a good out of here? Godfather 62. Cook was nest 27. Stockter strains. Love 18. Clockwork Orange 17. Jaws 13. Now, right there if you just took, and Xs 12. Those are the ones in double digits. If you just took those, and that work, which is right behind with nine, right? Nice weekend of watching. There is one, two, three, four. There's the top seven, right there. Right. What's not to long? And Jaws is fun and the class is fun? Yeah. Oh, it's just good clean fun. Martial and teenagers getting chewed up by, uh, Absolutely. I see. Who can get tired of that? But the other ones are like really, really intense, needy profound. Uh, that I say that we're Scott 9. Rocky, who are pictures, you're a 7. Deliver in six, Monty Python, No Holy Grail 5, The greatest cave five. Dog day afternoon five. Addica, addica. Did you ever get the operation? The treasure of this year, a moderate five. And by the way, if you like the Frado and a godfather, you're loved dog day afternoon. Frado, There's saying I'm a homosexual. I've got to tell them. Can you sit down on the vet in the back seat there, please? What was his name? Sal. I thought might have been it. I think it was Sal. Was he Sal? Said can't do it, Sally. Uh, dog day afternoon. He's got five as the treasure of this year. Maudrave, Banturi, and Kennedy. That was a great movie. Evil effects, and after we might despise. But it was a great movie. Does it was? And it was also banned from, uh, TV for a long band from anywhere. For a long time. To host a home, huh? Yeah. And a little bit too close to the abone. Gone with a win for the jerk for dirty dozen for the birds three. We would have great tippy headroom. See, to problem with the birds. Mm-hmm. The special effects back then when you watch it now. Right. And you look at this bird. Oh my god, I see. But it's an ant mit toilet, you know. That's part of the appeal like watching the old monster movies. And it's a guy in a suit. Yeah. You see the folds. Okay. Part of the charm. Like how's our folds? I would put that on there, but it's a fat movie. Uh, the birds for a, uh, boy in his dog three. I'm telling you, it should be doing better than that. And that's because most people haven't seen it. Right. It's so secure. It's an obscure movie. It's science fiction. It's fabulous. Don Johnson, Jason Robards. It is sensational. You know what it reminds me of? The prisoner. Right. Same kind of, uh, get on the sand. Mm-hmm. Just way out there. We're just right. Uh, the N. Laws three. Fale saved three. The Omen's got two with Gregory's peck. That was, uh, William Holden was in the sequel, right? With Kim Hunter. Was it Kim Hunter? Try to think. Oh, the Omen part two. There were four of them, actually, which they should have quit right after the first one. Uh, loving death to kill a mocking bird to the three age of the condom to two, 2000, and want to space out of sea to watch the great dialogue. I don't know what are fun wanted to figure remember one and one for everybody else. Uh, there's really something in this room. I'm serious all the time. If you smell the punk out there from the drip he's killing. Oh, that's right. Cause we got, we got a hits a little rain yesterday. Not a lot. We had some rain. So naturally QA were it's a, we need a quick disinfection. Quick disinfectant job at a whole building. We've got dripping in the other room there. They've got a bucket because everybody else has just fuked it. I'm making it a bucket. It happened the last time it rained. Right. What a, and the one tile up there, the one sound towel in the ceiling. Any minute now, that thing is going to just come pop it right through there. Right. You can see it taking turns sitting under it. So we're probably doing this breathing in like all the middle, and the mold and the crud that's circulating around the ear and praying. I was going, Greg. Why do your home probably getting out late a few times? Okay. Thanks. WQAM. Hello. Good morning, Neil. Yes sir. Good afternoon. Good afternoon. Good afternoon. When is Todd? Yes. Come on. Come on. Yeah. Yeah. That's it. Was airplane before 1980? Oh, I'm sure it was. Yeah. I got that on there. Yeah. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. In fact, I'll tell you the right now. If George is the one to look it up, I'll look it up. Give me something to do. Oh, Birdman of Alcatraz with burlaid castred. That was good. Yes, it was. I was on there. I mean, see, I'm. Whatever. Not. I'll put it on there. That's not fair. airplane was 80. Well, let's see. The question is, are you sure? I'm looking at it right now. 80. A.K.A. can tuck a fried airplane. Can't do it. What pre-19 in any movie to think is a must see for the people to render by. We can't do it. I'd love to put it on there, but we can't do it. A frenetically funny gag laden's fool for the airplane disaster movies has piloted this plane to do them until a shaky ex pilot haze takes the controls. Dead paddlery from stack graves bridges and neals and adds to the hysterics and you're right. That could be the funniest movie of all time. Peter Graves and of course don't forget. Carim Abdul. Jubbar. Roger. It's fabulous. If there's a funny movie then that I haven't seen it. I'd say you ever see a grown man naked, but. No. That was. Oh. Hello. Yes sir. How about about a apocalypse now? Okay. And I'll have a watch. No one. Just do one. What do you look at me like that for? That's pre-80. A apocalypse now? How can it not be? Are you out of your mind or what? But you don't look it up. Give me a guess what you think it is. What you think it is. I look it up. Give me a guess. Yeah. It's like 83. 1883. Oh. I'm wrong. I just looked it up. Why? Why did you do that? I guarantee it's pre-80. I'll bet your life on it. Not by much. A apocalypse now. There's the apron. I'm sorry. It's 79. Told you. Not even close. Five stars. Francis Ford Copa was stunning mystical. Vietnam were ever about a bird-out soldier sheen before he became the president. And his secret mission to kill a cogon man at Brando. I guess I'm going to have to watch it. Just for the Robert Debra. Robert Debra. Unfortunately. I want to cast. He's only in it for a small piece. And Frederick de Forest. Who's kind of I think Jeff. It's longer than it needs to be. But it's okay. How old is it? I mean, how old is it? It's 153 minutes, which is 2 hours in the 23 minutes. That's not that long. The redux is like 4 hours. How old is it? It's how long? I've got another good one. But you won't want to put it on there. Speaking of long movies, you want to put it on. But maybe you will. Speaking of a very long and directors cuts. Yeah. Once upon a time in America. In America. You don't agree? Oh, whatever. You don't like that movie. It was fine. It was longer way longer than it was. It was as good as it was long. I like to find it was no godfather. Noodles. Right. No, it was the problem with me. Yeah. And I saw that. I saw it right after the godfather. Yeah. Like another one. And so it was just no. So I talked about it in no godfather. Right. But what is that? That's like that's like saying. Should have been. My god, good fellows came out after the godfather. So I didn't like good fellows. I mean, good fellows was fine. I didn't like his narration. The story. That was bothersome. Right. It was extraordinary. If they chose somebody that didn't have such an obnoxious voice. And I think his voice matches this complexion. Right. I like Ray Leotab, but I just don't want to see him. And what's the part of Tom and America? Bad Zitz. Right. They're all he did. Maybe that's it. Maybe he's just the James Wood. But he was good in that movie. Because he was a real miserable. The nasty asshole. You want to touch and tuck us? Yeah. Twenty seven past one at five, 60. WQAM, hey, enterprise diabetic. Because the list of me who replacement drink that happens to be made for. People like me living with babies. But anybody wants to cut down their sugar intake, which is just about everybody these days, can drink it and enjoy it too. Anterex diabetic is sweet as sweet and with splendour, which is made from sugar. So there's no nasty aftertaste. Like you get with expertain and sacrament and the other good news is that no. None of that either. Recommended by doctors and dietitians for people who can't sacrifice proper nutrition just because they're in a hurry. Anterex diabetic say completely balanced nutritional supplement. That gives you all the essential vitamins and minerals you need for healthy life. Plus, fiber and antioxidants yet it's low and saturated fat and cholesterol. It's gluten free and lactose free too. And eight ounce can provides you with 137 calories of easily digested nutrition. Try anterex diabetic once you'll never ever go back to whatever you were drinking before. And you can pick it up all over town now. It's at publics, Walgreens, Echids, Navarro, Sedano's CVS at the local pharmacies. The people who make it are so sure you're going to love it that they're given away free full-sized samples in vanilla out chocolate. In fact, they got the two pack now. Number two pack? Oh yeah. But anyway, they're given away the two pack of vanilla and chocolate. One of each side by each anybody who calls the toll free number free. Give it a try. Just call one eight six six three six eight thirty seven thirty nine or fast read order online. If you like an interrex diabetic dot com E and T E R E X and a rest diabetic dot com all one word or click on free samples when you get to it. Tell them that Neil sent you by for the delicious one. A good yourself an additional special gift to. If you want to try it out, try it. You like it. I guarantee it. One eight six six three six eight thirty seven thirty nine. Why in local? Here's for radio five sixty two a two a n. David's a bitch. Yeah. Absolutely. Oh, Sedano the filthy dirt bag. He was hiding in the ground. And unlike his chemical weapons, he has finally been found. Now we'll interrogate him. Find out everything he knows. But when we have all that we want, back into the ground he goes. On one final rocky soldiers came to say, Sedano with your breath so bad. Regards from George Bush and his dad. And now that he's in the jail cell. It's a merry Christmas scene for every person on earth. Unless your name is Howard Dean. Well, thirty two five sixty wq and we got fill in Miami has a great choice. The only problem is it's 1980 and we'll qualify for the pool. Something we love. Get the honey tune. Fatsau. Now I don't know. I guess unless you're a fat person, you really can't enjoy that movie. Cause I thought true. Well, well, you're your inception, but I've talked to several people over the years. And I just recommend that movie. One of my favorites and they'll watch it and I'll say, Are you crazy? I'm crazy about that. A fat friend of fat member of the family. Yeah. Because it's all about them. Do you hate the only? Even if it isn't about you. And Bank Cross stars along with that fellow, he wrote it and directed it. She's great. Anyway, what does it say? Oh, Mrs. Goodman is still a writer. Remember Mrs. Goodman? Yes, I do. I'll have one now. Oh, better now. Okay, I'll have one. Dominic to Napoli is an overweight man who cheerfully eats his way through every day. The death of an obese cousin, Shock's family, and soon has Dom's emotional sister. How to get into lose weight. But the best scene in the whole movie is in the beginning of the funeral. Mm-hmm. You son of a bitch. You say we told you lose some weight. Lose some weight. You son of a bitch. These are the kitchen crying while he's doing the bread. And then he dips the bread in the sauce. And then, oh, but he's good. Yeah. Then he dips the sauce covered bread into the Parmesan cheese. How long? He almost doesn't hear his stop. And he starts smiling a little bit. I got an hand on him. Exactly. Ironically, that was the one third his present weight down to Louise. Yeah. Oh, he's ballooned up right here. I like luch and coba. He's like a little pie with chocolate chip ice cream. How cake would chocolate chip ice cream is good? Ring ding. Ah, I'm trying to... Oh, man. So we can't put that on there, but good choice. So in other words, if you go, you want to make an exception. And then you'll call me in a week or two and say, Oh, gee, why did you like that fat so we thought it sucked? I don't know what the problem is, okay? Get the honey, you'll... Yeah, just like that line, that's all. Which night, pre-1980 movie do you think is a must see for people to rent or buy? Be some good entertainment. Keep them off the streets. Give them something who besides get late because they can only do that like 30, 40 times a day. But third man. Godfather, 74. Cook was in S29. Look at how... I told you. Oh, you told me, that's right. We told everybody. Nobody can come close to the old Godfather. That's because he's got all those buffets. Is there what it is? I don't get how many day go get any what? Great small, good buzz. Come out on the one word. Cook was in S29. Dr. Stranger's Love 19. Clockwork Orange 19. Now, is one of the songs from that movie Hang down your head, Tom Dolly? Huh? Oh. He hangs his head down. A jaws 15, the excesses 14, Network 13, Money Python and a Holy Grail 10. Rocky Horror Pictures Show 7, Deliverance 6, Menturing, candidate 6, 5 for treasure sea or moderate dog. They have to noon the jerk and the greatest scape. A boy in his dogs up to four. Ooh, aren't you proud? Oh, I should have mentioned Bits on our website. Bush installs Pickering on a Peel Scored by passing Democrats would block him. Really sad. By recess appointment. Rejoice Awards a confirmation process such a Pumman's have allowed till the next Congress takes off his In this case, January 2005. This right wing piece of crap Charles Pickering, who, you know, Support the support of segregation is the young man from most anti-abortion and anti-voting rights of uses state lawmaker. Chuck Schumer nearer called a recess appointment a finger in the eye to all those seeking fairness and bipartisanship and the judicial nomination process. So in other words, while the Congress is away George East plan. Right. Right. Frederick. Why do we care about those things? That's ancient US history. You remember that rights and freedoms and things like that? Equality. And I just mentioned this in passing too because we don't want to get two series or heavy duty because we'll chase away all those. Oh, come on East to all those people. But to bad. New poll show that at the time of record deficits, the public is against spending billions on a Mars mission while cutting domestic priorities. Nonetheless, there's one company that has supported a Mars mission for years. Haliburton. Oh, my God. The company which was headed by Vice President Dick Cheney and his major financial background administration has long supported funding a Mars plan because it's good for its drilling technology business. It was also Cheney who spearheaded the Mars plan inside the White House. Just a coincidence. In fact, Kippland's reported back in 2001. Several companies in university labs will stand to benefit from new projects in a Mars mission, including Haliburton and the payoff could be big. Citizens against government-waste notes that despite the White House, is initial low-balling legitimate cost estimates for the new program range from $550 to a trillion dollars. Just a trillion dollars. I will put it on the credit card. Right. It's on our website by the way from SmokingChimp.com. Right, plan it profits is the headline in the story. Read it in Weep. Also, the Delta bomb threat was in other hoax. You see that story with the bomb threat. Yeah. Bomb threat that forced the US-bound Delta Airlines flight to be devoted and never to Ireland. Depirious have been a hoax-share assources of China and airports. All 147 passengers on board Delta flight 27 from Frankfurt, Germany to Atlanta, Georgia were taken off the plane on Sunday. Finger-picked put up overnight in hotels and forced to work Kilsen high stockings. Sources of China and airport in the west of Ireland told CNN today that the scare was sparked by the discovery of a note in the 767's toilet said there was a bomb on the flight. Now they said they suspected that not which is being exempt by forensic experts was left in the toilet by one of the passengers. It was a hoax. What a sense of humor huh? A lot of very funny yuck-yuck people out there. They make me want to. Jack. 560-70560 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line. WQAM hello. Yeah what about Susan Kane? Susan Kane okay we'll put it on there to make you happy. In the heat of the night. By the way, Susan Kane had a zero point foreshare. In the heat of the night. Why? I just want he actually showed up there which is really something. Let's hear it. For Susan ego. For Mr. Rightwing self-hating piece of crap. Which one's that we about? Escape from Alcatraz that I mentioned that and peppy on. Not on the air you didn't. Well why not. And. Oh. Now this is interesting because Maria fact she says I have three good ones. Now first of all I said only one but then she's on. We'll see. We'll see. Huh oh movies. Oh two of them along the Jackie's Johnson. Once we don't big one, another one's kind of like a small. I'm long one. It's like a spare. Yeah. We're going to have a flat spare to me. Rainbow and the serpent or mosquito coast. Do you have any idea what he do those are? I know the serpent in the rainbow but I don't know if it's pre 80. The serpent is that one. I was at the rainbow in the serpent or the serpent in the rainbow. Or is it the apartment in a pear tree or the paratrooper family? And a big deer. The pea in the pod. The peas in the pod. So obviously you don't want to put those in a car. Sorry. But we have to go. Anyway sweet our George is pissed off of you. Because he because you got three big ones and you won't let him touch even one of them. Oh this is really nice. I'm going to read this. Wow. Man oh man you ought to see this facts. It does say from veto it says I tell my Republican friends that if you're in the middle class and you're Republican and you're in the middle. That's a good point. I don't understand the whole deal. Oh no. Oh my god. I want to die. What were we talking about before the show about Brittany and about that red neck out. I said yeah. And I said that if Justin Tinkerbell really did hear that every head of a sexual guy in the face of the earth ought to commit suicide. Look at this. Oh no. I'll show you the picture. We were also talking about Hallie Berry before. Oh oh oh. Oh oh. Look who she is with. Bye bye. Oh my god. Oh. Justin Tinkerbell and Hallie Berry at the TRL studios in November 2002. If things don't work out with Cameron Diaz just in Tinkerbell should give Hallie Berry a call. Hot stuff has learned that shortly after Burian or husband of two years Eric Benes split up in October she reached out to Timberlake 22 for some comfort to just in Tinkerbell. Bye bye. The Sing on the Actress of had a flirtation since January 2001 when Tinkerbell announced to MTV that Burie was his celebrity crush. Oh my god. Somebody out of crush his ass. Can you believe that? What is it? What is that all about? See they just keep playing with our minds because you know it's all bullcrap. I think it's worked out in that star. Every single thing that comes out of Hallie would is just purek. Just bullcrap. Just to keep us all whipped up into a frenzy. 19 go to an mad dog. I wonder what the mad dog is going to have to say about the Patriots. They were lucky. Hey, if your carpets man look like they're on the way out. Here's the answer for it. Don't spend thousands of dollars on expensive new carpeting. Call my good friends. It's a dry concept. I've been using them in my house for over 20 years. That's the MSNN never ever let you down. I'll never disappoint. Every time they leave, you look around at the carpeting. You'll say, holy crap. It looks like I just had brand new lay then my floor and carpeting too. Because they dry clean your carpet. Nobody else in a world does it. It sucks out even the deep down dirt. It leaves your carpets man. Lemonty fresh. Look in brand new. They dry a couple of hours. It's like a miracle right there on your floor. And they also do a stupidious unbeatable job on your area of rugs on your poultry. All of these are your draper. All of these things. So if you want to really fantastic job in an unbeatable price, these are the people you want to call. And when you do call, speak in a price. Tell them how do you like to say 15% on your next job. They'll explain it to you. Would they're putting on your, what do they call? Same day list. Huh? Does that what they call? This is, this could be the worst piece of copy anybody has ever handed me in my life. I want to do this spot for how many years now? About third man. This, you know, Troy, you're a good guy, but man. I think too much would probably not a hum about got to you. Anyway, here's the tool for you number to call. Don't forget to give your written guaranteed price before the job. No rip off. No scams. No tack on just a beautiful job. And an unbelievable guaranteed price too. Call 1-800-248-5071. That's 1-800-248-5071. Or check them on the wicked worldwide web at driveconcepts.com. My life. This is for 3056. You wait for me. Yeah. And when? Do you want? Do you want? Yes, you can. Yes. Look at me. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. That's all we're gonna do. Do you believe that we're like a new world? Oh. Oh. Hey, Provada, have fun. That will be you by the throne. Yeah. You say. And say. Is the one. He gets. Now they. I've only won. If they. To the right. Don't forget about two times. We got it. Now we're all completely insane. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. All right. We say. None of the evidence. What they got. You believe. Can't get any gummer. But a one-conic. But a big. You believe. What they say. And they said. Like the call of the world. Oh. I've been in my dreams. The story of states of the world. With true. I'll be a lecture ball. We got it. You. You. We got it. We got it. Get them on your knees. We got it. You. You. You. Great. Great. Great. We're going to get like 20 million dark folks in Florida to vote in selections here. 20 million. Right. And we're going to get 452 non-cubin Hispanics to vote in Florida. Yeah. Like beeners. And Reekens. Reekens. Right. They're all voting for beeners for dinner. There you go. You say what's for dinner or all beiner. Beiner boy. We got him cut up on a plate. Anyway, let's see. What kind of an aim is this FABRIAN FABRIAN? What does it know? Anyway, FABRIAN says the 72 hit. Johnny completely was a hit. Remember Johnny completely? No. I don't know either. No, I don't put it on there. Just because somebody says it. By the way, do you know that the the dolphin just released Brian Greaseen picked up Kansas City. We see Brady. Canison. How about Sam. Canison. It says. He's really doing it. Yeah. He's really doing it. The spokesman. Everybody's got to have a spokesman. And Danny is the spokesman. I noticed when they asked him on the pregame yesterday about the quarterback controversy in Miami. He went like mad dog always does when I asked him about Mo. He always the sealer lived the. And of course when Danny seals his lips. That's like a double seal. Got strange lips. 5 6 7 0 5 60. Remember that movie with Peter Selviz. Dr. Strange lips and Dan Marino. How about you. How about you. You. Yeah. How you doing? Good. Taxi driver is fantastic. You talking to me. Yeah. I am talking to anybody else. That's great. Okay. Thanks. Taxi driver is great. Now there's a movie you can stick your teeth into. In fact, this time your love taxi driver because sure. It's about somebody crazy. You can watch it over and over and over. And now that they're letting him out on a weekend. Robert. John Henkling. No, John Henkling. You can rent it. There you go. On DVD and C.J. Foster. Pretty like better. Foster. He would have dirty foster. WQAM. Hello. Yeah. This is the radio station. WQAM. Yeah. Any. That's the one. Okay. I'm going to stay up. I'm going to move you. I love. Yes. I was. I don't know why I know where it's. That animal helps. What is it? Animal house. Okay. Animal house. I like to too, but not 400 times. But there may be one or two people haven't seen these. Thanks. No. No. No. You can you imagine anybody. 1978, by the way. The great John Bolushi. He's still dead. And a Tim Matheson. Mm-hmm. Donald Suddle. I forgot he was in there. I don't know what to think about him. What was that movie where they were looking for their missing girl in Italy? What they were searching for. Something like that. That was the strangest movie. That was the most peculiar. And yeah. Not good. Just strange. Right. But he was good in I have the needle. Yeah. And don't forget. Oh yeah. Yeah. Right. Body Snatchers. 567 Snatchin' about it. So, Lully. 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Snatches. Yeah. Body Snatch. What pre-1980 movie do you think is a must see for people to grow up there and buy rent steal it. Making illegal copy. I mean, WQM. Hello. How you doing? Pretty good. How you doing? How about in cold blood? Baby, meretta and it. Outstanding man. Excellent choice. Trimicapota. Thanks you very much from the other side. Trimicapota. She, uh, thanks you. Yeah. With body Blake. Cos body doing by the way. Unbelievable. She had a comment. That's what George said. Every time I met you Robert Blake. Bitch. Yeah. At the moment. The bitch had a kind of plus. Plus. We found out there last week. Well, like you, little deal going on the side. Don't put in a little nose problem. A lot of iron. Yeah. She had a lot of fingers in the upon. Oh. Fish can hold her. She was a good one. Christian. Christian. She was a good one. Oh. It was a good one. It was a good one. Oh. No. Remember that. Hey. Now, which one was that that? It is ear cut off. Well, that was John Paul Gettys. It's a grandson. Why don't every time I think a Christian brando gets because he killed somebody, right? It's a little bit. Then he killed a D Martin's kid. Somebody else famous. D Martin's junior Dino. Oh, you know, capital, you know, capital, you killed somebody. Dino's just a really five six seven. Oh, five sixty. Oh, hey, don't forget the path again this afternoon. The same Louis blows with Scott Melon being Ralph Melon being all those other people. The seven notes of five or clock game because it's Martin Luther King. They'll never learn their lesson. I, I, I, I, I hope we get some people show up. I remember the first, I think was the first you they tried a three o'clock game against Ottawa. How many people were there? I've heard him. Oh, man, you could add your own section that day. I think like I said, just a support Roberto Alongo and thank him for the phenomenal job. He did 50 saves against Tampa who I played the Panthers by a humongous margin on Saturday. And he still kept it or closed. Okay. He kept that door shut. In fact, I wouldn't be surprised to mow goes on for weeks. Oh, about that. Because what tell is mo no? If you tune it late, by the way, most still an asshole. But we, we actually spoke from a distance this morning. He, you know, then doesn't that tell you everything you need to know? If, if you were going to talk to somebody and you were like pulling your car out and you were like a matter of feet away from them and you really had a desire to speak to them. Not that I want to talk to him. I've never seen him again. That's fine. But if you really wanted to make that overture or continue putting on the phony act, wouldn't you like ruled on your window there as you were going by? Say, hey, yeah, whatever. Ever see those flip signs that they make. I've flipped in this sign. Yeah. We should get them one of those. One of these? Okay. Next time I see them. I'll give them two of them. Because he gained one on Tuesday. Whatever the hell morning was. I said, if you and a few throughout your walk on, all that other crap, we should have stopped right at that point because then at least it would have been honest. You're never going to change, well, okay. And like I said, it's not important that he succeeds, but that he fails less than everybody else. Last time I checked, I don't think he's going to have no bonus money. I don't know what his deal is. He's going to have no bonus money. It's all the less time I checked. Yeah, I know that's bogus money and his paycheck bogus. And last time I checked, he's still on the lowest rated period. And I think when we get those out by, I was telling me forget. See who was really doing it. Oh, my mean. See who was really doing it there from 60. Like you're going to forget. Oh, I might forget. That was beautiful for all. Six minutes till 2 at 5. 60. Thank you. Welcome in the Chinese New Year with Emokos from January 19, which is today through February the 8th. Join the Erebo Coat for its traditional Chinese New Year specialties. Holiday specials include roasted duck, suckling pigs, sweetens our fish, and a sort of Chinese dumpling served every day, a lingering new year celebration. With each meal every kid receives a traditional Chinese New Year lucky charm, oh lucky charms. Put better play that. And if that isn't enough, Emokos has got regular buffet to lunch as well. Start with six different soups, dozens and dozens of suck at an on-phrase New York strip made order. The sizzling agent grilled new seafoods in shock. Enjoyers on a half-shell, Alaska and Stone crab mineral that clams. Jump-o shrimp scampy every night. And try to the handcar primer. Their new Thai specialties too. The Emokos promotes a healthy living. Cook an allered good stuff. Only in cholesterol free oils. And you'll ever have a headache because no MSG no cornstarch no crab. The buffet at the Emokos features a full salad bar. New sushi bar. Fresh shrimp cocktail too. And if you have any room which will be a miracle at the end. Check out the a dessert station featuring Belgian waffles, pies, and cakes. Pastries ice cream with all your favorite toppings even fresh fruit too. Emokos three locations for you. They're in sunrise, Pine Island, a 44th street. Collins Avenue just north of 163rd in North Miami Beach. And at the intersection of the flamingo and pembergrodes in pembergrides. Take the whole family book your next business lunch and now another post at the Emokos through the Cook and Friya. Take out and delivery available too. Call 9-5-4-5-7-2-3822. 9-5-4-5-7-2-3822. Lots of imitators out there but there's nothing like the Emokos Chinese buffet. My life and low all. This is Portugal by 16. You are too alien. Come anywhere else for new ruggers. But it's lucky a little green-less of time. Quick, let's get them. Here's got the kinky chan. Oh, they're absolutely kinky chan's. A lustful and nutritious way to start the day. Just look what's inside. White jeans. Blue wits. Red handcuffs. And pink on with green leather clover. I can't listen pitch me. I'm going to get away. Oh, we got it. Oh, don't patting me behind with this hair brush. Faster and faster and faster. Get the hair brush. Oh, you gotta be put in. Oh, for not eating your lunch and gear. Oh, no, don't, don't, don't stop. Yeah, again. Oh, we're looking at the charms. The liquor's through the lovely city eating. Oh, yeah. Mad Dog's dead and might have been along this. We got the path to game 430 Pregame to Sev no game time at 5. From Macarena shining. It says featured in the summer of 80 but featured in Europe in the fall of 79. That's what Dario says. What do you say? I don't think so. Well, we don't want to make a exception for that. But thanks anyway, Dario. And a young Frankenstein, did we put that on there? Yes. And Saturday at the fever, we put that on there. Yes. Are you gonna touch no gunfire, man? 88 votes for the gunfire. Well, let me tell you something, my crowd, Nick friend. Bye, bye, bye. You're welcome, show. I'm fussy. You're new to me. My name is for Lardio. Yo, man, what's the with your gun from a spoco?