and a kick is ass and then I'll steal his two bag. Falcons. I would play deadly from the left that already over the radio dial screen. They are the last remaining member of the team is not being carried off the field in the stretchers. And the other team is just more than around the field than looking for somebody to play How about it, dude? What a good play with them. Oh yeah, I'm the uh, I'm the uh, and I go home now. Hi, my name is O'erney. I'm kind of small right now, but I'm looking at your snow. And pretty soon I'm going to be a member of your school. And if I keep drinking milk, then in just a few years, when I get to high school, I can start working out. And if I keep drinking milk and work real hard, I'll be able to go to America. And then to the Mr. Universe Competition, then I'll realize that milk is for wussies. If you're going to compete in body building, you need to take steroids. Then you can make violent movies, marry a Kennedy and become chairman of the president's Council on Physical Fitness. Uh, look at me now. Steroids. It does survive the big actual use of steroids may result in death. What's your name? Family. 1027 at 5.60 WQ. I am happy at Wednesday, too. We're a little bit early today, but nevertheless, they give you more time to tell you story about Scott Rowland 34. I see in Vegas. Not, I wasn't there. Zach was there. Maybe we get Zach on the phone. What do you say, Zach? Let's do all the bad people in there. By the way, speaking of bad people. Are we doing both breaks? Yeah. Good. Speaking of bad people before the show this morning, I had a very unpleasant experience. I don't want to mention any names. But let me give you the audience like a little audio clue. Hi, howdy. There you go. Here's another audio clue. Hi, howdy. You like that. Now, did I say the other day? I don't want him anywhere near that studio. I don't want him like farting out in the hallway. I don't want the aroma. Wasting into that studio. Or any other place. You did say that. Low on behold, there it is. One of those people you can't get rid of. You cannot say goodbye to Jeff high. And we wish you would die. Right? Speaking of being high, which is what you were talking about before. Anyway, this start musical question day is Jeff high. So it comes in there and this says the debased, which I guess he'd probably figured it wouldn't get past along, which had been since the beast is even a bigger yanther than he is. I'm going to get him more theft today, pal. I am going to be the end. Let me go in there and get him all worked up. Is that my correct? He came to the door with a big smile on his face and said, uh, let me get him go in this morning. Let me do it. And then comes Wadling night. I don't know you're not going to talk to me, probably. I know you're there, but I just have a good day. I just proceeded to rip him an ass. Well, does there be an alliance cheating deceiving throwing everybody another bus piece of turd that he is a fat fat turd. Not just a regular ordinary turd, but a huge gigantic mound of turd, the size of mound rush more. But nevertheless, have a nice day. Don't do it again, fat boy. You piece of crap. You man, who are you kidding? See, the one thing if he was like in a new place and people weren't on to him, I know him a long time. I know his scams. He was trying to make you. Yeah, right. Rimes with lace. Join George and Voka Brian to even know George is off today. Well, he's not going to be at that treasure island. Is he actually, I hope, I hope he doesn't overfill them for that appearance. Speaking of fat boy. Well, that's your buddy. Are you fat people stick together? Yeah, okay. Turns them a feather. Get stuck together. Join George and Voka Brian to day from five to seven for happy art treasure. Right. The locator off the palm. Metro just goes to the 120 seconds three next. And stop by to win some real low budget prizes and check out this way. Speak to your Stephanie Evans. Now, she's the ping pong ball suit, right? Right. The shooting is a scooting lady. Stephanie Evans. Now, also speaking of checking out although we probably shouldn't tip our deal here visually. But Britney Spears is on our beat of cream that they not make it. Sorry. Sorry. Next of us, we could do it. But that's a fine picture, though. When you are in it, yeah. That is a lovely picture. That's as about as that you get a little tattoo there right down by her. Right. No boobies. I'm sorry about that. But she looks just fine there Britney Spears. Does she not? Yes, she does. I mean, she's no, um, overloving. But I'm not going to get started with that again with you too. Okay. I'm not going to mention her against George from his back next week because you guys you're tasting your torch. I'm not saying she's on hot. I'm not saying she's makes great music. But she's okay. There's no reason to like it all hysterical about overloving when there's so many other no talent pieces of crap running around. Well, I mean, I'll take her looks before I take her music. Okay. Great. She'll be right over the old pinhead. She's fine. There's nothing wrong with our. Well, I think it's just that she's Canadian or holding it against her. Yeah, that's it. You probably would like to. Yeah, exactly. Probably would like to. 1031 and 560WC. And show starts to love it. By the way, we're just from a little time here filling the old gap filling the hole. Magdog at two, the Humper at four. Thanks, brother. Jimmy Goldberg at four. Okay. It's enough. You got Kelly. Not as spooky. Ballants are any place because I guess people are getting tired of putting up with his whining and squealing. But in the studio, Swag Yelding, 710, any kid 10 tonight. That's our line of our award when he starts to line up. We don't have David Letterman in the studio. Sorry about that. Who else was there today on the Howard Boehita real starts in the cast? Uh, no, he mentioned a whole bunch of people. He actually had right. And there was somebody else. Something like big, big, uh, somebody. Maybe it was Jeff high. 1032, 28 before 11 and 560. Hi, how are you? Neon God. Language tape number 7. Ordering Chinese food over the phone. Follow along and repeat. Chinese takeout manager. No, I don't have to be paradise. I was over the whole. Customer. Yes. I would like an egg roll to go, please. Takeout manager. I want to speak no, I don't. Repeat. I do not speak no, I don't. Customer. I would prefer the egg roll, please. Takeout manager. Okay, I do not want to lose your safety. Repeat. You want to lose your safety with our customers. No, no, Mooshu, thank you. And I requested an egg roll, please. No, no, please. Please. I do not want to get up to the ground. Just a little bit. No, no, poofoopatter or a spring roll, just an egg roll. All right. So, you got to wear a few more. I know, I did an egg roll. I just want an egg roll. I understand. No, I don't. Be so gay, I don't want to let you down. No, I don't want to. I don't want spring roll. You don't. No, no, no, I don't want any spring rolls. I just want an egg roll. Who on the egg roll? Okay. Uh, egg roll. Yes. Oh, we are not evil. Baby, you go baby. Look, look. Now turn the table over to language tape number eight. Giving directions to Iranian taxi drivers. Okay, 10 30 seconds. I see that McGill, this fact we are Emil. I'm sorry. A, an hour of evening thing. I don't know what that's supposed to mean. Maxim? Yeah. What does that mean? Maxim is amazing. I understand that. I mean, what does it mean that he just sent that to me? He's not here. We haven't seen him. I don't know. Okay. Well, I'm not obsessed with hour of evening. Needless to say, but I think you guys unnecessarily just doing overboard yesterday. Just to pacify each other, I guess. Oh, not an hour limit. And then that jackass that call it. Oh, what are you, uh, uh, hung up on hour of evening. I hung up. I want to do her. No, I sure don't. Anyway, speaking to that, um, Troy just can't, they just can't seem to get the job done. Steve, well, if you're listening to anybody at Pomp and O Park, Troy just can't do in fact, here's a piece of copy of use. Is this to me or what? I did this. And who gave it to you? Troy? Troy. Oh, this was, see, the spot does run today, where I'm yesterday. So I have to do a make good right now since we have about 22 minutes to kill anyway. Right. So I was suggest these since you got my facts number here. I realized in my costume about 40 cents. I'm like that. 40, maybe. Uh, about 30 minutes. Yeah, just fact it to me directly because if I go to count on Troy the boy, you might as well, wait till he'll free his over for catch my grip. Okay, Steve. God. Let's see. Generic radio copy points. Let's say don't you need this copy for today, meaning yesterday. It's day to day. It's day to day. It's the 12th on PM. I get noon. On your horse racing fans in poker players, Pomp and O Park racing in poker, Result Again, the action you want. Well, we know it's easy to get there free admission free general parking every day. Live harness racing in the poker better right this time, along by the way, Pomp and O Park. Okay. So it's a make with spot for yesterday because they didn't have the right copy because your buddy Troy is like out to lunch. He is O TL. Live harness racing in the poker room is open every Monday, Wednesday, Friday and Saturday. Poker starts at noon. Goes on to the mid night, live racing gets underway nightly, 7.25 in PM Monday, Wednesday, Friday and Saturday. Every Monday, Wednesday, Friday and Saturday. The poker room feature terminal, actual special Texas, hold them seven cards to determine starting at noon. Dollar, when I'd saw them Wednesdays would draft your soda hotdogs and more just to the poker piece starting at 6 PM and Samochastic and course every day, 7 days and nights a week this Saturday, December 18 this 10 for $20 night. When you can pay 10 bucks cash for a book of $20 in Pomp and O Park money to buy whatever food and beverage items you want on the second, third and fourth floors. It's a great deal. I use your great night of racing or poker. Pomp and O Park of Black Saturday, Friday, Boulevard and Power Line Road for the current racing schedule 9, 5, 4, 9, 7, 2, 2000 or go online at Pomp and O Park.com. Don't forget this Saturday, December 18, $10 for $20 night to buy a whole bunch of good stuff to show in your fat face. We make that good or what? Okay. Nice going, Troy. Not. Okay, now we do have the story on that about the election in Browble. We don't want to tip our head because that's not coming until the show starts after 11 a clock. So let's take a whole bunch of calls right now. We have a few appointments on a book, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a Verizon and sing it a lot of times. And then maybe if we have enough time left over this hour, the beast will tend to disturb the jack reported about for about 34 a.s. And Vegas can probably not a good idea. Not to do that. Huh? No, I don't want to do that. Now if you start spewing that stuff on your wood really blow. Don't you think? Yeah. WQM, hello. A meal. Yes sir, thanks to Beastline. I was just wanting to let you know, man, she just talked to Greg and maybe he's taking a five bucks on another role of Tim Foil to put on the tower. Yeah. We got a signal drop and weapon ready. It's already done twice in your show. It's all through the stern show. Yeah. Great. Good. Good. Thanks for the good news, Pally. All right. And have a great holiday. See quite frankly, we don't care about things like that as long as we could paid. Maybe you know, the audience could screw it over to make this look really embarrassing and humiliating, but do we really care? No. Yeah, they don't care why should we care, right? Don't worry about things like that. Folks, if you hear like, here we have, how's that? It's time pretty good. How did you get me? All right. Kind of like you guys were sounding me the other day. And I was that on the year. Did we ever find out or was that like a, on the line? No, I was on the year. Yeah, it wasn't on the year. So only I was hearing that like, just driving me nuts. But I fixed it. That's more of my technical work. The engineering bill being the mail, by the way. I've done more engineering work here in the last two days. Putting those CD decks in there and finishing the phone line. Then some of our engineers that I'm like in last, uh, about 30 years. WDQA and hello. Yeah, sir. But what is this? Hey, good morning. Yeah, that guy beat me to it. He's absolutely right. It drops off. I mean, that was dropping out. 30, 30 seconds to sometimes a minute and a half. I'm going to do you on the spot earlier when you were doing the spot half the spot. Not for popping a park. Ah, yes, sir. That was a make-good spot. That's how many I got to make a good again. Well, half of it was gone. Maybe I'll just read it till 11 o'clock over there and so at least all the words will get on that way. What do you think? There you go. Yeah. Hey, listen, thank you a lot for playing some of those old bits. That change. You're going to hold a bunch of them coming up today. On fact, I'll be between now and the year. That's what I want to retain. And the getting the pack of cigarettes up there. Yeah, you can be so bad as you're there. That is absolutely historical. I mean, do I have a green line? I did fine. See, that's good. I knew that some of our long-term listeners who had and even a lot of people who would never heard those bits before say, gee, that's pretty, you know, that's good stuff. It is good stuff. Speaking of a good stuff, what about that story after Vegas? No, don't do it. Don't do it. Don't be like saying trash about your good, close personal friends. Oh, here's it. Now, I'm seeing. I'm going to show you how to do that. And I pick up these stories and these facts is, after we stream myself, don't do it. Don't do it, Neil. Okay. A lot of pressure. You okay? Now, what time do they am? Fine. They've finished at 10, 24 this morning. They're a little bit disturbing. They're just concerning finding out from the audience as usual. We sure wouldn't find out from our crack engineers. Speaking of people with crack problems. Anything about the signal crap it out. They would be bad from a rail. So we just, well, pretend we don't know anything about it. Yeah, Miguel just came in and said to say what? Said, uh, he in his office in the radio. We just keep coming on and off. Really? I mean, like how often he just said the whole, just, you know, sound like, you know, really. It's like that. Yeah. But it's not, but it's not an R, it's not here. And it's not there. It's like the transmitter. And here we sound fine. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Well, wouldn't say you sound great, piece of, I mean, yeah, we're everything sounds fine. Oh, we're fine. So it's not a problem in the line. It's just what the engineers know that. Everything here is fine. We're communicating. We're agitating. We're palpitating. But the problem is in the transmitter, man. We got, and is it raining? Is it like the environment having like a late season hurricane in December? I don't think so. No. It's nice. It's pleasant to sunshine in here. It's like, uh, about 30 minutes. Yeah. Toasty. So what's not to like? I just don't get a minute of the frigid weather overnight. You think that's it? Yeah. You know, you enjoyed course on each of the go out there and pee on the tower. Like to a thought out a little bit. All right. Yeah. I think so. Don't eat. Let's go. Let's get the whole engineer out there at the tower. Pean on it to like, thought out from my start's deep freeze. So what's your name? Hello. Hello. Hello. Hey, you. I got a little information on the engineer problem. I think this is a bit of a bad thing. You need to signal. Yeah. Okay. Hello. Hello. Hello. Good morning, Mr. Rogers. Good morning, sir. Hey. Three things. Um, the piece has a drop. Or he's talking about, he's going to be in the talking about like a 30 year life. You know what I'm talking about? Huh? No. I'm not going to bring me. He's on the 30 yard line. I love eating nuts. No, not that one. Okay. The second thing. The second thing is me. Check this down. This is the base. Perfect. Jew. Yeah. There's good. So I run it with the SEC in the censorship that's going on. And now we've got the sequel to the movie, me, the parents. You know what I'm talking about? Yes, you're always right. But the title is, I'm moving. Can you believe that they're letting that go out on the air? What is the end? Can you play fart sounds though? I don't even know what it is. What is it? Well, I would say if I don't want you to double it, but the Beast's, I'm talking about. Really? Yeah. You know, I went and went out to dump it, like give me a clue. What's the name? It's a name. It's a legitimate movie title that I'm putting out last day. Yeah. But it's pretty risky. Well, what is this like? And we need to complete the fuckers. Oh, you know, sometimes I'm glad you mentioned that because I saw a promo for that. I don't know who is in the game. The night to money. I came right. And one of the points at one point when the announcer is doing a promo, he doesn't say the name. I'm just saying, I got a little bit here and he says what you think he says. Well, that's something to talk about. One more thing. Can you please play the George, the third glimpse in library opening? Please, Neil. He'll turn the library open. Yeah, that's the pitch. You got in the third glimpse in library that they just opened? What the hell is that? You have no idea, huh? Well, I'm looking. I'm looking under, let's see. Memoirs who he, a jigalone, Monica Rapp. I haven't got any idea what that is. What are you all going to do? They just opened the library and everything. You played a boot on it the other day and it was hilarious. Really? I'll let you play it. All right. Thanks for that buddy. Say hi to Mr. Mrs. Spocker, okay? Okay. I think I got a Clinton library tour. Is that it? You want to see? Well, no, wait a minute. How come you got it? And I don't have it. I don't know. I'm looking maybe I just never put it in there here. Is that possible? That would really be quite a personal go ahead and give it a shot. Maybe go here like 10 seconds of it. The William Jefferson Clinton Presidential Library is officially open for business. The most expensive presidential library ever constructed is home to the 42nd president of the United States. I've air. This is Bill Clinton. I would like to invite you to come to Arkansas and see this wondrous tribute to my awesomeness. Thank you. Talking is allowed. And so are many other things. Wow. Why we even serve moonshine and moon pies in the Clinton commissaries. This way, dude. Visit the cigar room and soak in the history. This is the cigar I smoked. I wouldn't know some man now. This is the cigar I smoked while meeting with his side. Reveal. And this is the cigar. You know, talking about. We even have a few books. I think I got the Da Vinci code somewhere around here in that matter from our things. Whatever we're walking, we're walking. Over here is my eye-hate bush boo-boo doll. Never thought I would say such a thing. I'm a romantic. Okay, moving on. We're walking. We're walking. Touching everything. This room is called the Dallas Suite. It's where the cowboy cheerleader's lived. And we're walking. Walking. Still touching. A full-length mirror. Hello, sexy. All right, we're walking. We're walking. We're sitting someone approach. Nice hat. Oh, sweet Jehovah's ghost. Hi, Billy. How did you get in here? Your picture's up by the front door. I look beautiful, don't I? You look bigger. I've been eating a lot. Yeah, I can tell. You can't be here. I'm giving a tour. Can I get a private tour? That ship is sailed, Missy. I'm done with you. Hey, don't run on me. I'm going to be touching me. I mean, you see. I'm going to go. Hey. I mean, just a tour. We'll now take a 10 minute time out and join the moon pies and moon chat. I'll be back with you. All right, get to it. The reason I never were up there. I guess I played at once. Uh-huh. And I never put it in my DCS computer here. Because I just, I don't like it. But I'm glad that the guy got here again. Haha. I'm going to judge to play when he's on because I don't didn't put that in there. I was pretty emotional. I was pretty emotional. I best. But I was okay. 560. That's very disappointing. I think about the transmitter going on an off-knot. Has it been going on all day? Or is it just something that we're getting honored with? Or what's the deal here? We don't really. Or nobody knows. It's probably the same. Wow, we don't really care like I said. 560. 560. 560. And the Verizon singular wireless line. Oh, and last night on the CBC. And of course, we have about three people probably. Listen, I'm lying in Canada. But CBC last night had it on the fifth estate show, which is a great interview. I was going to be a little bit more nervous. I was going to be a little bit more nervous. I was going to be a little bit more nervous. I was going to be a little bit more nervous. I was going to be a little bit more nervous. I was going to be a little bit more nervous. I was going to be a little bit more nervous. I was going to be a little bit more nervous. I was going to be a little bit more nervous. I was going to be a little bit more nervous. I was going to be a little bit more nervous. I was going to be a little bit more nervous. I was going to be a little bit more nervous. I was going to be a little bit more nervous. I was going to be a little bit more nervous. I was going to be a little bit more nervous. There are illegal offshore offices in the Cayman Islands, which there is nobody there. It is just a PO box, which enables them to do business with their ran and a rack for years. All of the other criminality that goes on. The biggest crook in America, the one who is really going to show a dick chaining man, what a good one with a bull-back daughter. That is the one. Man, did they do a fabulous job? Of course, they are going to be a little bit more nervous than they are going to be. They are going to be an American TV because they are all peeing in their pants, quaking in their boots. They are going to be like rock to both because they are going to know how long they will have their license. They are really pathetic. Nice going there, CBC. Oh, no, hockey. Not only this season, but Darcy Tucker at least, after yesterday's debacle meeting, which very bent and hooked is no little bit extra. The owners say it is that acceptable on. On my own, all the other crap. Not only will there be no hockey season this year, but very likely next season either. Two years with no hockey. Now is there anybody in its right mind who thinks that it is not like in Toronto and Montréal and Detroit. The original team. The original big markets. They will make it come back hopefully in little survive. But do you really believe that in Florida and Carolina and Atlanta and Nashville and market in Buffalo markets where it is already teetering on the edge that people are going to come back in two years to go see hockey again in the NHL? No. Very unlikely. Poor Goldie. Huh? Poor Goldie. Oh, I forgot about that. Two years with no hockey. Gail the its looking really bad sweetheart. WQAM. Hello. Yes sir. Beautiful. Yep. I was thinking you have a lot and that thing has been dropping out all the afternoon to the Mad Dog show to your ear. Oh yeah. Sure. Definitely. I'm going to see the right on a case. I have a good one man. Thanks for the good news, Palia. All right. See I would get upset about it but what could a second do? Right? I'm not going to change my life. I mean I'm going to investigate Torret Break. Do... I'm... If I let's just all start talking that way, what do you say? I'm not going to get them used to it. We'll get them conditioned to it and then we'll figure out the way it's supposed to pick. Right. You're like that. That's good. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pound and then of course to think about the humvies. You guys just get angry and angry and nobody cares so I'm not going to get all whipped up about those stories anyway. There's no point. I'm sorry. He ought to be not only fired it. He ought to be like... They ought to have him on a cross for the holidays. They ought to name his ass up there like a mousosa. They should like take him to Feluga. Let him go fight. That's a good idea. Stick him right in the front lines. Let's see. It's good. It sounds like Joyce keeps falling asleep on the dump button for 30 to 40 seconds at a time. But turn him in. That's what's going on with our signal. Well again, it's not involved in our stuff here. We're dead. This sounds the fact sounds better than ever to me. It sounds great. Even the B sounds almost good. Almost. Here's the fact this is I know the subject was discussed a few days ago in your show regarding public restrooms. Oh yeah, you're loving public tea rooms at publics, by the way. So I just had to put in my two cents. I was on a tour bus throughout Tuscan. He and his beautiful as this region was the public restroom consisted of a well, that's right of a hole in the floor. Unless you're a man, a swimming head is squat with a precision of any major league Catcher to do her business. One woman on our bus to a held it for four hours and exploded. Really reached our hotel. Lovely. I like that. Now you're traveling abroad. That's one of the things. Like I said, an Amsterdam right at down. Varbazan Palace Hotel. That's at one end of the Rude Vaseline. The Grand Crescent Polsky toward the river. Can I say that toward the back of the hotel? You go through the lobby to the back. And they're not as they like narrowed it down, I guess, because I had talking about it on here. A lot of pain in the ass by a bystanders and tutors off the street. Started doing their business in there. So it's not as big and palatial. That's pretty nice. But the other barbazan palace, you could just die for. You know, they got like all the big individual boost to the research there. And they got, I think like ice in the urinals, which we were talking about. They have a nice cloth things to wipe your hand. Yeah. Nice, nice goopy soap. Yeah, bring nice. I like to pill more of the cables myself. Really? Yeah. That might be a topic one day. What's the best place to when nature calls when you're away from home to take a whatever. You know, to do your business. Yeah. We don't want to get too involved in that because then Joyce wouldn't get all been on the shape. Seriously, that's something to think about. I'm telling you right now, I'm now in Germany. You talk about civilized. Okay, they sure come along. Ways since they're barbazan. Like five years ago in Berlin and in Colombe, which had the only. Well, I've also been in the Humberg. We said, I could have without Humberg. But in all the major cities, they have like public toilets out on the street. Oh, yeah. You go down the stairs. In fact, what's the other say? I've been in Berlin many times. I've never realized it until the last time. And there was a big sign. It's like, like, you know, the subway in New York or any big city. But if not a subway, it's public toilets. Are they clean? And you go down the sea clean. They're immaculate. You can get off the floor when you work because you can get anywhere. But then they have like the towels and in Colombe in the train station, they have it's called Nick Clean. You know, like McDonald's, but it's McLean. And you go in here in a costume like I forget to do serious business. It's a costume like a euro or something, which is like a buck 33 now. Right. And then it's like a lesser of being business. It costs you like, I don't know, maybe 25, if he sent. And you go through like a little term style and man. And they got like how guys and stuff. Just phenomenal. I mean, talk about antiseptic and beautiful. So there you go. That might be one of things you want to keep in mind when you're going to make your next trip. Okay. A will they kill all the Americans who show up and B if not, would you at least be able to do a good dump when nature calls 10. 10. He said, a little nervous about doing these spots because, yeah, so about not your, you know what I'm saying? But we'll do the best. We ought to play the witch doctor by David Svell. Ooh, you know, like that because it's just one of them things. But we're working on it feverishly at Q.A.M. Oh, I told you back it's Wednesday. It must be engineers day out for a poker. Something like that. It is that most wonderful time of the year unless you just hate the crowded malls, the long registered lines, the parking hassles, all the hysteria that goes along with it. Well, make your gift giving a little easier for you and your loved ones. Give them a dial and I'm just give two certificate this year. When you call 1 800 mattress, you can order a dial and mattress. Give two certificate and a denomination. And a new glad makes a perfect gift that lasts for years. And of course, when you call 1 800 mattress right now, like I've been telling you, you can save an additional 20% on select models while supplies last. They got to top names in the business. They got them all silly. Service Simmons can cool turns and foster you with and tempered. If you call 1 800 mattress, you get same data delivery and you still get to pick that date and time that two are window ends convenient for you to fit your schedule and during the busy holidays, that's even more important than ever. Now, the mattress is mighty proud and they ought to be other. An on time record 99.7% of the time. Now, on my Trissis ranked number one across the resatisfaction. There were one as of the 2004 Better Business Bureau local threats of excellence award. I've been using them for years when the old mattress is handed. No sense in tossing and turning and hoping it gets better because it won't. Get yourself a great night's sleep with a great new mattress and dial a mattress. Before those guests arrived calm and now at 1 800 mattress, or log on to their website, mattress.com. Dial a mattress at 1 800, MATTRES. For those who couldn't be in the right house, that's the least of all you need. For those who couldn't be in the right house, that's the least of all you need. This is the Neal Roger show. Oh, I... I bet there's no blame. What? Any question? Alright, three seconds. One at eight. Right Toume. I'm about to fall to faith in you. We've been through now I have just been she's been to I try to hurt you, she could have the other rule. And we are in this basement between us. Like a silent family who they may have been shot inside. You should march those out of the news, you'll hear me. And the eyes start to burn and I think it's too loud. Put your hands, put your hands, put your hands, put your hands. With that you will, you'll hear me grow, grow, grow. And I think it's too loud. You'll hear me grow, grow, grow, grow. But they never, you're far, you know they're good, don't die. I know they're killing me, I think it's too loud. Then they'll drop up those bad things. And the friends are just gathering with a naked man. Put your hands, put your hands, put your hands, put your hands. And then we'll get to the end of the day. And then we'll get to the end of the day. And then we'll get to the end of the day. And then we'll get to the end of the day. And then we'll get to the end of the day. And then we'll get to the end of the day. And then we'll get to the end of the day. And then we'll get to the end of the day. So that's actually this to me from a psychotic neighbor day-free. If you get any more taxes from day-free, then do not send them to me. That's number one. And anybody else that says anything about that particular fat trouble making salesperson, don't send that to me because I'm not going to talk about them. Because that's what he wants. Grab that and go out and sell and sell and something which would be unique for him. He'd rather sit there and say, hey, he's on my way. I got a more time I got about. Yeah, the camel crab. See what I'm saying? And here I'm talking about him again. So I guess it worked. And let's see. It says a plan for this, a plan for a plan for you. I'll run this game Boulevard. I got about a mile in the Green Apple Quicksip made an unvited trip. I had no option but to ruin about 200 people Saturday morning. Sounds like a horse to me. You know, right? Or an elephant. Horses do that. You know, in fact, if you watch the post when you watch the horses warm me up, or do a quarter of golf course. Horses just lift their tail when a mood strikes him and about a being. There it goes. They don't wait for the perfect place or the perfect, the tea roommate. They just, they just, when they took calls, they're a close. So I guess that's what this guy was doing. Let's see. Oh, here we go with this again. Can we do like, oh, brother, look at this. From from Montréal, no, Lessa. Do you have a Canadian roommate? I don't have any roommate. I don't have any room. I don't like that Georgian. I might have been away. Get lost. Go back to Montréal. Go back to a real frog city. God. Here's the full result from yesterday. There should be a lawsuit against. Then we had several choices for about 15 hundred votes. It's not too bad. Not too good. But then again, who'd hook and hear us anyway these days? Against two people breeding 296, which was Thai, now let's see. They want a one-word vote for each before I print a descent. Stupid people breeding 297, organized religion 297. Excellent choice on that second one. All of them is metr-fact. Lovely. Yeah. There should be log against religious people breeding. Making babies. They would piss off the Pope. Using soft phones in a movie theater restaurant 235. We tarried people driving during Russia our 178. Stupid people voting 130. 100. Not third man. Writing a check at a grocery or retail store 118. Commercials at movie theaters 81. Screaming kids at a restaurant 67. Screaming kids on an airplane 47. Using the word closure 19. And locker room interviews only 16. Just saw these likes. Those locker rooms. They like when the mad dog gets in a post and personal with their face rights like AJ touchy feeling. He is bad man. You know something that mean if we were like more sports or you know which we don't want to be but that would be good pull someday. Which is who is the worst quarterback in the national football league. Or who is the worst quarterback in national football league history. It wouldn't be AJ. No he's not he's in the bottom five though. Oh well he's bad. No. You think he's in the five worries about but there's been some real doozy. Of all time. I mean there's been some real. Yeah. Let's hear it. Ryan Lee. There he goes. There's one. Who? Ryan Lee. Oh Ryan now turn over a new leaf. Yeah he was a staff man. They can't what they've been by 80 billion dollars. Exactly. He was also a problem. See it like a basketball. Go Leaf Go. Who's that kid again for Seattle and I can never think of his name that he's to that started against it often. And then you're lost the game. Trent Dilper. Trent Dilper. And I know Trent Dilper but I got like a mental block. He's trying to block out of my mind. He could be the winner for right now. How about he's Schuler. He's Schuler was pretty good though. Redskins, right? Yeah. Number five. He's Schuler. And he always doesn't know because he looked good. Here's a fast that says displayed on ABC's World News tonight this evening for at least a full three seconds was naked female breast completely erect nipple. How do you like that? Oh my God. The image was background for report on an AIDS drug being used in Africa that's probably not safe enough for widespread use in the USA. And of course we had all kinds of articles which I didn't bother reading about that. The fact that America knew about that that it wasn't safe enough. But I've never let you say that in Dr. Lide. It says one of the SEC will get any complaints. Breast with erect nipples on ABC's World News which all we can say is, oh I see a person in the news or a person in the National Geographic even though the news is on the 630 of the night in the middle of dinner time. Which maybe there's something symbolic there. And it's okay. And it's you know that it's a sanitized. It's not meant to shock or titulate the audience. Can I say that? To shock or f*** the audience. Now here's today's poll. In fact let me do this story before I do today's poll because I think it fits in like a glove. Okay. Like a rubber glove in Uranus. Report. Cornacova and Eglacius married. I got to be honest with you. Now you saw the story last night. I didn't see it last night. I don't see it last night. Man is to be looking at the mountain. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. God, this audience and some of you people there you don't believe me when I try to take the things how many years ago I've been telling you about Anna-Cornody. Okay. She is a fat hag. She's a fat magnet. Just like Jello. To me, next is Lis Taylor. His old news now. She's little meet. But I taught Me Jello and Anna-Cornory. The tubingest fat magnets in the world today. What did he say then? Anyway think of that. Because everybody they're here so gli they are. Is there has been rumored to be gay. Yeah. Theidiac. Theidiac. Oh, there were some great stories in Vancouver, but I won't go into it. Hey, he's a masculine guy, a hockey player. He's not masculine. Oh, he's like a done cherry called him like an drogenous. Yeah, he's a girly kind of player. You never saw Pavelle close. He's I think he wears lipstick. So I'm freezing though. I he was so physical and checks so much in the end. That must be it That's why he stayed far away from everybody. Also we can get those breakaways, fuzzier than he had heard that way. So I heard even doing that. He's playing again by the way in Russia. You know, and they over in Europe during these tournaments they got one. By the way, no, hockey this season and very likely no hockey next year either forget about it. Russian tennis star Anna Kornoholio, who's good-looking, long-eclitched her court skills, has secretly married her singer Boyfriend and Ricky Degreesy is. Oh, my God. He's really nice and creative yesterday. Now what are you doing that for in Ricky? He's pretty and she is. He's a singer. He's especially sick of that mold taken off. Maybe that's what turned him around so to speak. You know, I mean, the back of maybe the mold was making him seem kind of like a magazine. You have right there in the studio. You'll find my personally autographed in RECC these and rock your loves me. Well, I don't know. I get what he does. I have a big, big ingenious with a big cutout. You have in the back of the studio. There you go. See, that's my boy man. And we got it by him. Love him. The magazine said Korohoi, you're 22, was spotted wearing a wedding band, not a ring finger with a charity tennis event in Florida Sunday, in Florida, no less. Well, I asked about a relationship with the greasy. The greasy ones he was telling on workers and Ricky is great. Everything is awesome. We are married. I'll support it. Korohoi and the Latin Crueler 29 have been dating since he appeared playing his girlfriend in the 2002 music video for his hit Escape and of jokingly claim to be married in the past. Representatives for the period of time confirm the reports yesterday, but us, quoting unidentified sources said they were wet on the beach in the Mexican resort of Puerto Vallarta, a few weeks ago. That's not a port of Vallarta is where Peter Marshall used to send everybody on Hollywood Squirtiers that you never saw the old ones, Puerto Vallarta, which is right down to road from where they were. Korohoi just published this said we never come in under personal life or those three-prunk legacies got. It was a very small and secret wedding, only family and a very few close friends were invited to source full of magazine. Korohoi is not about she did this, she did that, she was known as a Britney Spears of 10th. Brittany on the Avita Cringade by the way, a fine picture, not naked. Sorry, it's best we can do. It's good. She announced her retirement from professional tennis marks 2004. Egregious to sort of span a singer, Holy Oglace. He has sings in both Espanola English, sings loosely, and his one worldwide hits with song such as Baya Moes and Hero, which kind of rhymes with which I said yesterday we couldn't play zero. Come on, sweetheart, you can do it. Come on. That's it. That's as much of that as a George Vallarta play. Hey, last now and we played her sweet ride. Tony right now. So we're pleased this punch to see that Anne Akornohoi and Enrique Glaci is our married. They're going to raise a fine time, they're going to have to be ever after in Mary Blis, and it'll be a wonderful thing, you know. Just like Jelo and Ben Affleau, whatever the name was. And Puff Ditty, P-Ditty, and her Abelle Danser husband. Just this long series of very bizarre kind of relationships. They're with Jelo and have you back home. And I'm here in Hornear. Yeah. Thanks, Kevin. He rides the triving. You can read it. So come on and give in. All the things for too to muck a baby man. After ten years of your birthday. You know, you're gonna like it. You need a bird of life. Just remember, you're thinking about it. Is it so good? Why? Why for the baby boy? Hey! Just remember, you're thinking about it. Is it so good? Why? Oh, right. Look at that. See, they're going to nail his little last pretty soon. And everybody's going to go, yeah, it's long overdue. And that's going to be great. What's your celebrate? I will. All right. Here's the poll for today. Yeah. Can I smash my two and we can or an according to what not, son of the poll? Who has the world's biggest closet? I've added one on here that you might want to type in there right away, Josh. Okay. W-S-E-W-S-B-N-T-V channel 7. What? That's pretty good. You don't think they're in the running? Oh, without it out. What are fruit farms? Oh, we're flying. Wow, what a place. Anyway, the world's biggest closet. Catholic Church, the NFL, the Taliban. Now this was a Scott Scott and Hollywood. This was one of his fine pools. I don't know where the Taliban comes in there. Do you? No. College Frats, Bob Jones University, the Bush administration, the LPGA. I don't think we can play that bit anymore. You? No. United Kingdom, Hollywood or W-S-B-N channel 7-TV. Broward Commachers moved to set special election on allowing Slot machine. You're going to be heaven, aren't you, an echoes on? Yes. In fact, I'll tell you what. I'll take my will take our cell phones. I'll be at Woodbine. You can be at Pomp and O'Parker, Gosty-Mod. Yeah. All of the only problem is, I don't know about other casinos, but at Woodbine, they won't let you think it's iconic. Have you turned on your cell phone? You can go lock off into bathrooms and use it around front. Really can't. That's by, you know, if you're at, actually, at the windows or near any kind of, you know, if you're given the horses or supporters, like that, but that's not for that reason. No, I'm not for that reason. How could you, what are you going to do? First of all, machine on a phone? You know, that's what I'm talking about. They claim that the, somehow, just like on a airplane, they claim that it interferes with the electronics of the machines. I don't know if I've seen that before. Well, I'm just telling you right now, it's posted, not seen people like whip out their cell phone when it's sitting there. Oh, hi, John, and man, they come out of, I can't even just stop going on the floor. I have to go outside and go, yeah, go on the team room somewhere. So my favorite thing is I'll like put a cup on a chair. You know, I have the people that are watching my machine. Go in the, in the bathroom, I like going to stall. Not by the year or a little bit in the stall, close the door. The only problem with that is that, you know, I'm on the floor. I'm not much doable. And you're on the self and you tend to walk around a little bit. Right. And in the, they have the automatic magic eye. So you take a couple of steps, you know, there's the toilet flush and whoever you're talking to, I'll be other than the front. A little bit disconcerting. Anyway, the good thing is, Beast is all, you're going to be there, right? Oh, yeah, opening day. Rourer County Commissioner has moved yesterday towards setting a space election in the spring and lying, slot machines at the track. Commissioner's heard of the county administrator to meet with gaming and the street to work out the deal, I'll set any costing curb by county and cities when the new gaming begins. Voter statewide, I'll prove to measure by 120,000 doses we know to November. In Broward and Dave, the county's can hold their own referendum as a weather to allow slot machines that they seven South Florida race tracks in Highlight, Frontons. The discovery of 78,000 cowards and Broward helps solidify the victory. Floridians against expanded gambling, much a hypocrite, a bunch of phonys, a bunch of people that wanted the whole fire for themselves, of course, and then pretended to be good at good to use. Plus, the Humane Society of the US and the Gray 2K USA, a Greyhound advocacy group opposed to Dom tracks, alleged that thousands of signatures submitted by the SOS campaign were forged right, including signatures from at least three dozen dead people. Three dozen, that's nothing to burden the usual South Florida election, right? Yeah, truly. Usually we get how many thousand but 30,000 dead people, usually vote just in date alone. So what's three dozen, huh? What he bits in about. So it's gonna proceed. I'm thinking, does it have a date in here or not? No, in the spring. It says, I'm pretty sure in March. Sometime in March, and from a my close personal friend Big Time, where it tells me a pompot apart, that means maybe by next October, we can be up and run. And of course, Gulf Stream has turned out most of the facility already, and you can be sure that one of the things that are going to do is that we're building is build a big, beautiful, like a scene-retired operation with sloths. Like it would buy. That's great. That'll be outstanding. I might just have to like be down there a little bit more than now. What do you think? No. That's right. Do I George and Boca Brian today? What if McGill is going to be there? They never put his name on the thing. They're probably going to be there. They go this alike when you talk about him. What do you mean by that? I think he's made mention. Just, yeah, right. Oh, you later. What do you mean by that? Hi, we can't discuss it. Why is wife gets upset? No, come running in here and just you just don't mention them. What are you talking about? I can't talk about it. You're a fuller craft. Since when, when did this start? I can't get into it. You are so full of it. Join George McGill and Boca Brian today. Five or seven for happy hour. Treasure Island located in Rostopal, Meta just no to be. No wonder Mohamed, you like poison. Just know that they hundred and twenty-second street eggs. It's stopped by to win prizes and check out this week's feature. Stephanie Evans who might pop a couple in your direction. A crap about McGill. Let us so ludicrous. He's a great little, well bring what's your name back to reading the queen. Chase them all around the building. See, what's this important thing? This is a chronic factor. Hey, Neil, there's a quick voice guilty. Get paid by the organization. That's an interesting question. I would assume the answer is yes. Yes. The sports people like Dave Van Boring and Mad Dog and of course. Oh, they could pay by the teams for which they worked out. Of course, if they were, they'd get these contracts this month, I do believe at the end of the month with two AM. Right. But he's got, I don't know how long to be. It was he's having a pants. I hope it's at least two years otherwise. He might just like he might be like Casper the Ghost. He might just vanish in a thin air and never having done a game. Well, he did do a game once upon a time. I heard the tape of that. It wasn't too bad, but he was okay. He was no Chris Moron. It says despite the NHL struck, if he was not given by the organization, that explains why he was washing dishes at Smoky Bones. The other night when I was there to eat, why is this post-personal friend Moe giving him a few bucks? He's a big shot. Also, one of the little vanners are crying at the window and Joe Rose. And then it says, F Moe. That's bad. That's so bad. That's the old Moe master. Now you were telling me before the show. Yeah. But the guilty now just holds nothing back up. It's relationship with the the Moe man. Nothing at all. Just rips him an ass every chance he had before. You know, he tried to play nice and, you know, wouldn't say anything. But now, man, you get him going and he just doesn't stop. And even him who was just suckling his way to long there, trying to hang on as long as he possibly could. Well, every time I would be there and I would see him in a hallway, he just couldn't shut him up on and on and on about what was he going to do and how he hated this old man and how he was impossible to work with. Every person is there anybody by the time this whole debacle finished was there anybody. I'm trying to think of one person that he, I guess the board up. It seems like a pretty good kid. What's his name? Shy. Shy. Did he brought down from New York? He's, uh, yeah. Get along with him. Okay, didn't he? Come on. You're just making them up. Oh, you're a couple of makers. So in other words, after after the initial bloom was off the road, they started to hate each other too. You want to think about Moll man, you know him for more than like five minutes, and he started like turning like a red. Like that. Don't, don't, don't, don't, don't. No, I'm saying Moll. That's a movie. 26 pastoral and all I thought for more Georgia was tell me, you've been like, melted out with that. Nobody would have that. My square office, and he stared like, uh, again, little, that last little about three days, two minutes. Yeah. I mean, you know the holidays have a hardest time to control your weight. That's why I'd come up with a way for you to shake your fall, Moll and jelly with sweat and to the carol. You'll be praying to the tuna. You'll be reflecting your old and poet stepping through a winter wonderland of fat burning sun. You'll be holding in your stomach and unravel your thighs as you join me singing all of our forgiveness and touch my face. We can see you're sweating to the carols available on ferramarol. I'm 132, 28, 105, 60, WQAM, summer Olympics. There's another one for the pool. Okay. No to think. I'm not even going to ask, I'm just telling. I'm just don't ask that to. I'll put it in. And is the WNB still in business? I know the Miami's franchises did, but are they still playing? Yeah, I think they do actually. The lady basketball is, there's a good one. The WNB A. Right? Right. Yes, definitely. Here's some amazing noise shocking. Michael Powell, urges FCC to reject saving private Ryan complaints. How do you like that? Oh my God. As reported by Reuters, the head of the FCC is recommended to reject and decency complaints against ABC TV stations that recently aired the film, saving Brian's privates. 66 ABC affiliates refused to air the On Cut movie on Veterans Day last month, citing concerns they could face fines for a profanity and graphic violence from the FCC and C. From the anxious, the obnoxious, the dictatorial FCC and C. Chairman Michael Powell, a real poll is there for was one. Has concluded the FCC should not take action against the other 159 stations that aired the movie because the language was part of accurately portraying the WNB to invasive dormant in the FCC. How does he know was he there? Yeah. The language was part of accurately portraying the invasion of dormant. Republican Senator John McCain, a prisoner during the Vietnam War, and other conservatives endorsed airing the 1998 film, which was one five Academy Awards. The FCC received some complaints after the film's broadcast. Piles' recommendation will go to the four other FCC commissions for both officials that two more must back in proposal for it to pass. Oh God. John America, this is what they're spending your tax dollars on boys and girls. Are we going to censor? Are we going to find 159 ABC affiliates for airing Ryan's privates? When and out air it out? What? What was that? Huh? It was on down. It was on WPLG. I bet you that Dwight will have to go back as much as they find on a channel 10. And they'll probably have to drive away that van with Anne's body in it. Why don't whatever happen to Sandy Payton? You think she'd go back thing off? She and Anne were off of the sunset together. Who has the world's biggest closet speaking loads to? 85 votes. Catholic Church 44. Oh, there was a Quebec priest by the way. I can't find the story. I saw on TV this one. Quebec priest sent three year in a slimer from a lost to get little boys. That just makes an end passing. Only 8. Catholic. Oh, yeah. A bigger person? How many of the boys was that? I think it was 8. Is what I heard. 8. Catholic Church. Why did you ask that? You know, make me work. Is that it? Just just wondering how many of us. Catholic Church 44. Bush administration 15. College France 6 NFL 6. WSVN TV. Biggest closet in South Florida 4. The LPGA4. Hollywood 2. United Kingdom 2. 5 Junts University of Paranun yet. Well, they just went up there. Several of them for SWNV in the Taliban has no votes and I have no idea why do I step put down her. Is he trying to tell us something about what they're doing out of them robes? Huh? There's nothing worse than little Jericho under the verkin. That's what I hear. What? What did you just say? I guess we hear what the beast just said? Can't believe he said that. What? 56. That you said it. 5. 6. 7. 0. 5. 60. Pound 5. 60 on the Verizon and singular whifers was law at lines. Line 9 is ringing. WQAM. Ah, yes, it's my birthday today. So I just want to call you up and wish you a happy birthday. Late too. Okay, I'll let you play a little. There you go. And you're going to never believe how old I am. I am about 30 man. Are you really? Right on the money. Right here just a fifth-squid man. Yeah, especially about South Florida. In your way, by standard zero, you're like an infant. Enjoy why you can't. I live in Dauere, so I mean, they have a change here. Oh, I get the plus can in. I'm happy, pal. Oh, I have an idea for Paul for you. Yes, sir. I think something like, um, what celebrity has aged the best? You know, I mean, because I guess that clock would be off at a list now, right? Right. I'm not a stroke out. I would think a more along line of, um, Suzy's, Sue from Susan of Banshee's, because I didn't know she was 47 and not. I do. I do. I mean, well, I saw a mile. Was he in the Banshee's? Yeah. Oh, she is. I'm believe, boy. I mean, I was, right on. Feelable. Yeah. Cool way your head down. Are you taking it easy and don't have any more strokes or you'll send up like sick or well. No, but you're like, okay, I've ever rated. I guess I'm quite right. Oh, I do have two diabetes. But I just don't go on Larry came to complain about. Yeah, you should have seen that night he was on the year or two ago. Oh, and I don't know what to do. Yeah, like he's the only person in his minions of us got tied to diabetes, including the beast. No, have you died, maybe so. Oh, you will. Are you sure? Yeah. Positive? Are you sure? I've been tested. What is it? I was tested. And what's your blood sugar? I don't have it on me. What is actually pretty good? Right. It was. I don't believe it. I'll bring the law here. Here's another couple of good places. This is actually a Disney world and the boy scouts. Right. That's a good one. The boy scouts. Yeah. And of course, don't forget. There's no fact in the church. Right. And happy how it is to you, my psychotic and preacher and highly alerted at how your name is. One Escobar Miguel Schwartz. So that's what it means. Don't mention Miguel. They were not talking about Arm Miguel. There's like a lot of other is like Luis Miguel. Because getting married to Mariah Carey, she thought she thought. That's what I'm thinking about this in Rik'e Deal with Anna Cornhoi. That is so sweet. It is just incredible. Oh, speaking of sweet. I'll tell story about Ferrell in the 34C. Don't do it. Don't do it. If you think, right me, I know it. Unless you just make them enough to be a jackass. Yeah. What? What do you mean? About Miguel. What does that mean? You're a long talk about it on the ear. What is it? Discuss it. What do you mean we can't discuss it? That's Josh. He gets sour when we mention his name. Get out of here. You're crazy. We've a mission. He's been for years there. What would you talk about? He gets sour. I don't know, man. It's one of those things. What's the matter? Who will put out? Is that the problem Josh? Yeah. That's sour. Like, why do you care if he gets sour? What is he doing for you? Oh, it's humorous to me. How is this stating the fact? Well, good. Like I said, Miguel, Miguel, Miguel. Miguel, come on. Let's talk about it a lot. Miguel, Esco Bar. He just is like the fact he's got that last name. That sounds like a drug dealer. What? He's not. WQAM. Hello. Yes. No, Roger. Speaking. Yes. Now, given the sad state of political affairs in this country, let's just say hypothetically speaking. If you're Arnold Schwarzenegger's campaign manager, you're thinking about 2008, are you leaning toward for a vice presidential running mate a wrestler, a NASCAR driver or a country western singer? That's good. I like that. That is beautiful. Or maybe somebody from the voice house? What do you think? The ways things are changing now. A true pleader. It's a changing society. 53 for the Catholic Church 18 for the Bush administration. And Channel 7 is TURNED MAN, or TURNED. You TURNED in a class of case. Although ever since, what's his face going over to Chenle 4? Who's that? All right. Now, don't be outing people. Okay. You know, I don't mention a names on these. Just add by the way. You're right on the edge. You're right on the bed. Break your T-During right on the edge. Again, I'm digging a deep hole. Okay. How's Miguel doing? You're watching me. You're watching me. You're watching me. It's exclusively on 560. And M. M. A lot of people have little boy. It can strike anytime. Anyway. I would let the express check out and got this uncontrollable urge to grow by melon. But don't amount and help. I began to suspect the problem when I started shopping my draw. Women today are facing an affliction. The likes of which the world has never seen. But don't know. Yeah. We own politics as a season when we notice that over exposure from Montana led me to Lule, the long-saving area in Lavor, for the animals. Who would have bought a rat could hold? Well, there he is. Hope. We here at Badana Mountain bring you back. Using the special deep programming techniques we've developed. Boy toy boy toy. No, I say so. That's for the world. It's you. Who told me that never be able to get a date with Sandra Bernhardt? I was found. I owe Madonna none. Everything. Don't waste them and call Madonna non today. Get in touch with yourself. Wait. Let me with face that. Lule is a beauty mark and find out who you really are at Madonna. 16 to noon we got Britney Spears on our B to curtain today and not the Stark nigga. No T and Noah A and O C and no V and whatever. Following these initials. Yeah, she hasn't done that yet. No, yeah. But it's a fine picture though. We don't have like 80 million hits on there today from all the Britney people. But like you said maybe she's on a way out. Who was saying that to the she's like oh, yeah, she's she's a tired act at this point. That's what happened real. Yeah, yeah, I don't think so. Pennsylvania school sued over creationism plan. Oh, and thanks for whoever sent that pool. Who was there a name on it? Yeah, John. Thanks, John. We've done a version of that before about the televangers. But I like that one. What's the guy's name O Schuler Robert Schuler is not one of the crystal cathedral and the big flowing robes. Are you better get with it, Mr. Wild Dr. Ash is watching the informers. This Sunday morning. You've been to be watching Dr. Robert Schuler from the Crystal Cathedral in California. No thanks. Well, it was multi-million dollar erections all around him. I mean, and if whatever that thing is. By the way, this huge church opened up down the street. Really? Yeah, like this big just massive. Is it bigger than the corroborate press material research and Dr. DJ James Kennedy? The world's foremost anti-Semite and homophobic. Oh, I have a lot to remember in that James Thompson. She I'm doing tomorrow's pool already. What about that? What would the purple hair in her husband? Jan and Paul Croch? Yeah, whatever. Well, we got Paul Croch. Then now let's not start giving tomorrow's pool here, all right? It's not even noon yet. Civil Rights Group sued a Pennsylvania school that we yesterday to block teaching of intelligent design and alternative to evolution that contains nature was created by an all-powerful being by the American Civilivities Union and the Americans United for a separation of church and state. You hear that separation of church and state? I know it's a very radical concept. File student said it will court on behalf of parents of students in the dover area school district who objected the teaching of intelligent design alongside of evolution in high school biology class and intelligent design. What it was I mean, it's it's their way of putting time. Of course, they're we're pulling in the fact door if I can say that you know what I mean? Correct them. The suit plans to policy adopted by the board in Oregon and to become part of the curriculum in January. It legally promotes religious beliefs under the guise of science education. That's because there's such good people. They're good Christians. You know they would never do anything on their hand like that or try to sneak their way in. Right. All ones who say oh I'm a good Christian. I would never have it in there. They're ones to run away from. They're the ones to search screaming to call the police. I'm Tonya. I know. Oh I'm a Christian. I would never lie. Oh yeah, right. Anybody who tells you they would never lie. And what that person is? A liar. Anybody who says to you, I would never lie to you. Amen. Like fat boy for example. There's another one who would never lie. No, he's become a lunatic. Unless he was a loner with somebody. Intelligence design is a Trojan horse for bringing creationism into the tuba classroom. Light-toiled walls act legal director for the issue of Pennsylvania told reporters. That's what he lied told reporters. In the 1980s the US Supreme Court has Miguel Del by the way. Don't let him in. 80s. Do you listen? Now I'm Tonya right now. I'm beginning to understand why I'm mode just couldn't handle you. And how about Joe Rose? How did you when he get along? We have a lot of fun. Get out of here. We did at the first couple of months for Rocky. But then we all are fine. We're around here as you hate you. He is like a beast voodoo doll. That's not true. In the 80s the US Supreme Court struck down the teaching of creationism in public schools for violating separate detention state mandated new-esque constitution. Creationists believe the earth was made by God. You know like a couple of weeks ago as described in the book of Genesis. Proponents of intelligence design argue that nature is so complex that could not have occurred by chance. It's held by Charles Darwin's 1859 theory of evolution. Nature they maintain must have been created by some powerful force. All of that force is not explicitly identified as God. While other US school boards have taken now is there a common there. Because after it said, dammit. It seems to be a thing I didn't read that like all one because we can't say it anymore. But put a common about 10 seconds. Dammit. That okay? Okay. Calls Royce. No thanks. While other US school boards have taken steps in to use the theory. Not as long as far as the board in Dover the ACLU said a school district spokesman declined comment. In November the Dover school, if this is in Pennsylvania about 100 miles west of Chile, the Fed at its policy saying Darwin's theory is still being tested and that there are gaps in it. US Christian conservatives who played a significant role in President Bush's reelection have been pushing for decades for the teaching of creation in the schools as we want to continue marching, marching, fast, rapidly, back into the Stone Age. Reverend Barry Lynn executive director of the American United States, urged the school board to reconsider its decision. Public schools are not Sunday schools and we have to resist any effort to make them so. And said, there's an evolving attack on the way on sound science education and the school board's action in Denver, Dover is part of that misguided crusade. The news conference in the state capital building was also attended by two protests whose carrying signs that read evolution, unsyptific and untrue. Great. What is this long thing? Well I see this is sushi and the banshee. That's what the guy was talking about before. Right. I didn't really need this whole two-page bio here, but it's very helpful. Sushi and the banshee is where the punk fan who lanced it and whose full story is now becoming the light. Sushi, Sushi, and Buggie talk to Andrew Perry. Buggie? Is that what that says? It's not really a very good copy. Yeah, Buggie. So, a buggy was like a perky. And that I'm not going to read this. God. It's FYI. I see. Well thanks very much to your punk rock group and I have no idea who there and even you didn't know. I've actually just didn't know either. We, I've heard them. See? And if Josh didn't know about it being the punk that he is, you know how to help us both. How's it old-toad like me supposed to know about some crap like that? I don't know. You know how, afterall of Ian so. I do know how to believe in man. She says punk he is I get no punk you're mad. So she's like, uh, she is a little fine. I think she is punky. Not punk rock, but punky. See the difference? No. No. Yeah, well, you see, that's what they're problem is. You can be punky looking without like being punk rocker. I mean, she's a rocker like, uh, you know, like Josh courtesist and Walter Alta Cacher. See? I'm saying, right. What? You, you are so far, I'm going to start to side with my daughter. I'll wait to hear this story like this. Josh suspended for wearing black face to party. New Orleans, the Louisiana Supreme Court is given a judge, a six months suspension for wearing black face makeup, handcuffs, and a jail jumpsuit to a Halloween party. Kind of a party was that. Uh, SNM. George Timothy Elm there will lose all of his paper in the suspension which settles more than $50,000. That you could have taken that money to, uh, a pompano when they opened these slots. Set down there at the $5 A.R. Weed a fortune. Had your son a blaster about $25,000. It's with $50 grand. Where did they nickel? Elmder, who is white said the costumes worn by him and his wife were met as a joke. She dresses a police woman and the party's host, Elmder's brother, and law is dressed as buckwheat. Oh, brother. This is in Nolley's, by the way, where the sure is different down here in Nolley's. The justice is agreed, Elmder did not mean to insult blacks. Still, they ordered him to take a sociology course to get a, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, thinking a greater understanding of racial sensitivity. Oh, yeah. He's just a little sensitive to judge. Yeah. That's a problem. He's just a little cracker boy. I know the little incentive is all he is. Holy moly. On speaking of, uh, dark issues suspended 90 State Commissioner Arthur T. Eljooner will be charged this morning. In fact, probably already happened this morning with public corruption crimes stemming from his stewardship of a trouble city agency designed to uplift in proper folly neighborhoods the hero does learn. And if it's in the hero, there's about a watchance percent chance. I'm not sure the man who would be present chance it might be true. T. Eljooner's facing 10 counts of unlawful compensation of the 30 say are tied to his former position as chairman of my niece, community redevelopment agency. The state attorney's office would spearhead the investigation, well, hold a press conference to three this afternoon with more details because it would be released. This is arrest would be the second lesson for months for one of my means most prominent politicians in August, which I'm sure you recall Josh, police arrested T. Elf are allegedly trying to ram and run off the road on Mar Polis car. Remember that? Yes. Yes. We do. That curve and following T. Eljooner's wife has part of an ongoing corruption investigation. The same investigation that ultimately led to the last Wednesday's charges. As the late today's charges, the long time CRA chairman prosecutor said T. Eljooner's position to fatten his bank account, accepting kickbacks for steering valuable CRA contracts to certain vendors. Meanwhile, the CRA which includes Omni overtown and park west neighborhoods became a post-uture for government waste and an action spending millions with little of the show for it. Thanks, Colin. You go arts. I'll be beauty. Okay, let's get a few calls in here. I don't want to like ram along until Friday when Miguel is going to be on. Now, I guess Miguel won't be working to show that anymore. Well, who knows? We'll have to. Yeah, we'll be. If we don't want to, we're just make up a name like Jose. Yeah. So the beast is going to be here today and tomorrow and then we'll have Jose on Friday. Jose for Jorge. What? Felix. He all looked like no Felix ever has seen. 560, pound 560, and a Verizon and sing it around his lines. WQA and hello. Hello. Hi. Hi. Hi. Hi. Yes, Sally. For the ball? Yeah. The truck, truck report. The fun report. Okay. What is that? It's only a one-man closet and one lady closet. The fun report. For a couple little bit, Matt. If that's possible, what do you think? You faggot. Ficed? What? Oh, he gets to. He touches himself when he hears me say that. He's got to radio turn up so a lot. He's getting good vibrations. He's got his Brian Wilson blow up down. He's having a field day. Not a field day, but a field day. 567, 056, pound 560, and a Verizon and singular wireless lines. If that only one word comes to mind when I think of the fun report. What do you mean? WQA and hello. Hello. WQA and hello. Can I have a right job? Yeah. I perfect it. That was good. Side by each. Now I don't know if that's really if there's really such a Canadian saying a side by each. I really have my doubts. I think you know, Frank's to leave the race caller was great. It would buy him for the harness racing. He'll say side by each and I've never heard that before. It's just a so strange. I don't hear any other Canadian saying that, but maybe it's just a thing, you know. It says it's a personal thing. It works. WQA and hello. What was it? Was it something you dumped? I just did for just to be sure. I didn't hear what it was. See if you're going to do a QD, at least let us hear what it is. Yeah. Could understand it. Yeah. Might have been something really important. Maybe he said how's Miguel doing? Five, six, seven. And this just came out of nowhere. I think he just made this up. You're a we're sorry. We're really not making it up. We all we ought to do that big and pull from our who's the biggest trouble maker at QA. I think he went hands down anybody's pants. I think he's anything. Huh? Not me. Do they have your not? We got a handful of people there who like waddle. And the most of the fat people they waddle around from one room to the other stirring up crap. Just to start with, oh, if you only knew. If you only knew, back in the days when you were still on a mo show and you come in and George and I sit in your mind in our own business and ready to do a show. Oh, if you only knew the things that he's saying about you and if you could have, you know, remember those days? Yes. Yeah. We'll have come out that he's, you're not together anymore. He's not even on the air anymore. How come you're not telling us what things he was saying? Give us one. Give us one. One tidbit of what he said that we can something we can say on the air. You can't even say it earlier. You can't. You would make such off-color remarks. Really? I'd like hide under the board. Off-color remarks, old-pity mouth-mode. Oh, give it to his obsession with porn sites on the internet. Now, what does that mean? Oh, come on. What do you think he was looking at? ESPN? I am fraily an arrasch laden and I like scrubbing my silly gorilla house with soap made from jewels and listening to the near roke. I'm going to use the hour. Sikai and from the robo. In 1611, the Bible was translated from Latin into the King James Bible and now, well over three centuries later, books on tape presents for King James Bible. James, with likes of look of Genesis. Oh, no. Did that be fun? The story of Moses and of very much. And the tower of battle. There's a new testament to Lazarus, praise from the dead. James seems from the book of Matthew. Oh, and of course, look of James. All the most beloved Bible stories as only James would tell them for the trail by Jesus. Come on and just for a second. And of course, the resurrection. No one knows more about judgment day than the Godfather of souls. And so James also seems of Godfamous flames. I beg God. Oh, it is so smart. But King James Bible. Oh, Godfamous flames. Probably one at five, 60 WQM. No, what's this? You're saying me in this amazing, you must be my psychic powers again. Is that what's just thinking about Bernie Karrick? You want to know why? Why? They keep showing these irackies that are going to be on trial. The first ones before Sodom goes on trial. And you'll notice that most of them look like Sodom because they're always saying he had a whole bunch of doubles. I think this first one is chemical alleles. I'm going to go on trial. I guarantee he does look at the little like Sodom. But if you shave his head, he's identical to him to Bernie Karrick. Maybe it's his cousin. If you've worked him up a little bit. What's this? You're fasting me from New York Post. Probably something really right wing. When what is that? Tition here. When Tition here, publishing Titan. Well, what is that? Little plan. We're all its Andrea Pires, you're sorry, Andrea. Due to three can took up with former cop, Bernard Karrick. She thought she'd met her match and vice versa. But the elicit relationship came coming down, or friend of Karrick Reagan told me, when she discovered her married lover and had another mistress. And that, and horribly, after Reagan learned Karrick's life was pregnant. Oh, geez. After that, your thing discovery, Reagan has volatile driven and foul mouth as any man. He began using other words to describe her lover. He's maniacal insane. A terrified Reagan confided in a pal. Karrick she said had Reagan followed and followed to Los Angeles, showed up at her house in threatened her. Now that Reagan is emerged as the final nail in Karrick's business service, he will hold on security. Questions are uping over what the Karrick said. Middard mistakes. He wants you to sit he comes to research his memoir. Extended in even more intimate areas. One thing is clear, the man had serious issues with impulse control. The Karrick Reagan purring may look unlikely. He's vassurbed bread. He's a high school dropout. But two friends used almost identical terms to describe the duo. They are male and female versions of the same people. They said it would be a power addicted couple. One friend told me Karrick, Lured Reagan, into a relationship with the oldest line and the married man and man's playbook. My wife does not understand me. I'm an a loveless mirage. All right. Well, whatever, he had many reports. He's your god around. Here's the deal. Julie, where man, here's the good news. One of the best stories of the day. Yeah. Democratic Senator Julie, where man. Oh, he's twice in recent days said no. When approached about the possibility of a major job in these second motion administrations CNN has learned, the candidate may concede to Department of Homeland Security was a subject that he'd latest oversure, according to Congressional and other government sources. The last thing we need like the guy would call it yesterday says this is a guy who don't work on Chavez. Okay. We can't afford to be, you know, safe from terrorism like six days a week or five and a half. He sources said the earlier overture was to see whether labor in my interest in becoming the US ambassador to the UN. Why has officials decline comments? They don't discuss personal matters or private energy meetings. Right now, the secret of crap that they do or illegal underhanded garbage stuff like that. You know, I tell you, once we need to play in fact, maybe we'll play a bunch of them today. Yeah. The voice males haven't played these in years. That's what our likes is doing in the holidays is dig up a lot of good old stuff. Yeah. That we have played in a long time. Hello, no. I would like to ask you questions. My question was watching your program on the, on when me on my Emmy, the date was the 15 and I would like to know if you can kind of empty crisis or something because now my son wants to worship the devil because he thinks it's cool and he also wants to just as ladies and then holistic are now. I don't know if the whole channel 69 is the anti-crack channel. Please, I'm really concerned and I would like to know if you're the anti-crack. Yeah. Thank you. And please, if I see you somewhere, I wouldn't even stop in TV water because I did. Now you turn my gun into a bag it and you made my son serve the anti-crack. Thank you. And thank you. Have a nice day. And have a nice day. And of course, there was always an uncalling result in no logic to editing me some sent notes today. I find it highly insulting as a Catholic that you people could even put that an appetite and a paper. How dare you all be so insulting for us? It's a Christmas season and you represent them as the Pope. You think it was a stupid, it was hateful and it could not have been done. I wonder if this was something to do with duty, who do you? I'm whether we could say while or say anti-comedic, it's racism so it couldn't be done. But the Catholics can be kicked around like this. You know, logic is how dare you people do this. You could take down an apology to think so I just had an ennuit place. It's all of us. Up here is lady and here's an online. I really hope you use it on the year. I've been looking to QAM now for maybe 20 years at the living year for 40 years. I've never heard anti-ins disgusting as a new logic program. I've heard of it before. It's a pornographic. I thought of my granddaughter one of my kids looking to his door. I think if you're a tell you frankly, I am done listening to your station. This is a poor-born growth thing I have ever heard and if I was on concern, you're up my book. Goodbye. Bye bye. These are always the best. And yes sir, I'll start to respect you. I just want to let you know that I was able to make contact with the FTC and Washington DC and they said they're going to send me information in a package and as far as making a formal complaint about the new logic show and the format. And I also was able to contact the Christian coalition Ralph Doris and the many of the little many sort of couple people that can call the sponsors and the spot going to the new logic show and complain and possibly let it know that so we will not be shopping in the store. As long as the commercial is up in land during the new logic show, which is not a show that's up seen and pretty disgusting. Now all this can be avoided if you guys change the format, tone it down. I thought this disgusting pick to start talking about you know effects. So it's the new answer but I feel that these guys are counting it down a little bit and I will probably not go ahead and follow them. Otherwise, you're made and though, you know why you're just being a pig. No question about that. And the beast in there is two pays for the price of one. How do you like that? And then I'll see what does this say? OTTITION was a Renaissance artist who printed uh... Collapsious mostly went here who are painted. Collapsious mostly went here in women nude. Hence, Tition pressed for female redheads. Oh I see from the climate control. Oh we read some further they we've heard a whole bunch of things that we girls got in the name Roxanne. What's that thing just how to cute? Quite frankly I'd rather to stress it with the FCC in the state of attorney's office and the human rights for the state. You're putting on self and it's in time when children are on can put the channels according to nine you put on that self. I cannot believe you're doing that but I certainly intend to pursue it and you should too because your station is going to get sued for being racist as well as sexist. He was denigrating all to make him women. That was before he talked about anal sex and bro jobs. So I think I said. Wow. She was so pornography. Well he's that. Now is really spectacular. A lot of stradists want to go to the sole. I want is a telephone number of the cards. Telephone cards that you are advertising on your show. I've been calling different people different times for a lot of an hour. Can I speak to someone? Thank you. No. Okay. The kind that you have talking on your sports department I heard a mother day talking about the illegals that they're getting now to play the game and you know it's very clear that he's talking about the Cuban illegals. I want to tell you that's very shitty for someone to talk that way about illegals because you know him himself was not his not a native here. He's not an American Indian. Everybody here has been an illegal from time or another. Okay. And I don't like anybody talking like that about Cuban people. Okay? Because you know it talks about like that but Cuban people about his nationalities of peasants. Okay? There's nothing but rap to hear those. The poor people. That's how that's how you know about that's the American fucking way. So they'll talk about Cuban people that way but to last hold you. Oh great. There's a- Wow. This is your special. I keep a new guy's busy. This is a new couple. All right. Yeah. Well, this is jamming him. That's good. That's good. And then of course there was always well this one I'm pretty sure is okay. Back to the work from WKM for I show five to six years and I've watched the morning show evolve and everything and I have a problem when taking my kids school and thinking commercial for us for the guy that curses nasty things. And there's no warning. It just splurps out you know. Fuck you and you can hear the bleep you can hear the fuck you know and you can hear the ventomeness voice and you know I don't have a chance to turn off my radio quick enough. Now I heard it you know I had a problem again the other day. I can't explain that stuff to my kids. I've been listening to the station for a long time and I think you're ruining it by infiltrating it with his nasty language. And I don't know what I can do with I just thought I'd better call you know and tell you it's different with Hank. If Hank calls someone a son of a bitch it's hurt the guy act like a son of a bitch and he threw the reason for it but the other guy with his part and his asshole and this is a way ruining your first team. Okay good. I think we'll just do chop it off with your vento and too much vento man. You speak with for attorney spewed out that vento. It'd be bad. So there's just a sampling of the misfits. I mean the disturbed people we've had over last few years calling in the venting their vento. Here's Sean Faxing me about the whole Taliban thing about it's called Ashna. They're beloved boys. Birded men accompanied by their Ashna are again openly visible on the streets as suddenly returns to Kandahar and I've got to stand. The Taliban had forbidden the Pasha doing tradition of Ashna. The grooming of favorite boys for sexual pleasure. And one of his first acts in 94 Moila Omar freed of boiling fought over by two mojit heading warriors in Kandahar who had started firing artillery rounds at each other's positions destroying part of the city. Called to mediate in other such affairs the Taliban movement quickly impredited self in Kandahar society. The Taliban quickly applied their medieval rules to those caught practicing satty they were forced to stand under was stolen wall which was held on top of them. I guess they won't be doing again. I witnessed his and Kandahar speak of the charret change under the Taliban and the subsequent return of the Ashna is that Ashna are Asna. Oh there is a local saying that Bird's fly over Kandahar using only one wing the ever coming up their posterior. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha no. Right. Not a proposition to population claims Bird's flu with both wings under the Taliban but not no more. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. With the three studs. Ah. No. No. Or the feeding surgery. There's a plane case of dry runs. How do I let? No. No. Financial planning. The ability to only lay in a run and cancel. What is your purpose to say? No. Even knows biblical theology. Yeah. And I for nine. Yeah. Yeah. But no quiet. And I'm going to go down for a cat. Look at all those deadly. Oh. Why you turn my film. Oh. Oh. Do it. You. That's a little head. Oh. Oh. Oh. Don't. Don't. 16 and five. 60 WCM 235 votes on a poll not to work. Signing. Miguel. Just. Huh? Miguel. Just. Cameron. Yeah. He's not happy. He's not talking to either near Josh. And why is that? We all know really. He's upset. He gave us the fake. He gave us the IQ sign. Rocks. Sam? Yeah. And look for some free Pepsi in Georgia's fridge. There was none. They threw the box at me and left. Yeah. Oh. Well, screw him. Who has the world's biggest closet? Camplach Church, 138. Bush administration, 37. The NFL 10. WSVN TV Channel 7 9. Hollywood 8. We're not talking about Hollywood floor necessarily. LPGA 7. Bob Jones University, 7 college, France 7. Summer Olympics 4 should be much higher than that. Taliban tree, Disney World 2. You're not a kingdom 2. The boy scouts won. And the WMBA has got the big. Oh, how can this be? I mean, you people have a maybe they think it's a WMBA. They're all out. They are. There's no closet to just all out. I guess. Yeah. It's a dark thing. That could be. Yeah. Just like the LPGA is, only got seven votes. There's nobody in the closet. They're all out. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Town 5, 60. And have arrived in a singular wireless line. Maybe you have a little more most story before the end of the show. Hopefully a little bit more tasteful than other things. That you were bad-law about. I'll true them. Well, what do you mean by that? All true. We understand it's all true. But we don't want to look. Aren't you satisfied that Lise's gone? He is? I mean he's not in the building. Is he hang out in the building anymore? No. No. No, Moe, Moe, Moe, Moe, Moe. Oh, that was actually here. The good story. Yes? Not the throw my friend. Not the throw my friend shy under the bus. But he was trying to use to like Moe that Moe had brought down to replace that. We got pushed down. Yeah. He wanted Moe wanted some tape of something. Yeah. And he wanted shy to mail it to him and Boca. Because he said he would not come down here and pick it up. That's the story. Yeah. But just to go to show you, the guy lives in Boca. He's probably playing golf around here at some point. Yeah. How about what you have to do? I'm playing golf in Boca and enjoy yourself. I drive down to QAM. Do you want it to so badly get in the car? Well, you are your half-half-thuff brutal. You just told him the personal reason. Who would have been somebody you liked? Who would have said, hey, can you send me the tape? No problem. Tommy would have said, hey, I'm on vacation. But I forgot there's a tape for a sponsor where you mail it to her. No problem, Tommy. Of course. Right? Yes. You bet. If you would have been your boyfriend, Clarecer, said, oh, there's a air check. I left there on my desk. And I'm going on vacation, though, to my Boston next week. When you mail it to the house, I said, no problem. I would have been right away. I would have delivered it myself. Go with Moe. It's like absolutely not. Let's see what's on line nine. WQAM Hello. QAM has a big logo. Yeah. No, we're all out. WQAM Hello. Yeah. I was talking to you. Speaking. Yeah. I was a photographer in Condahar right after the war. And I can tell you that right outside our hotel, they had the little boys out there with their fingernails, they didn't. They were there on my side. Wow. For the pleasure of the hotel owner. Sounds sweet to me. Yeah, it was a pretty wild scene. So I don't like the Taliban for you. OK, thanks a lot for the bad news, Bally. Take it easy, buddy. How do you get some of that Taliban rule on, I guess, huh? What are you laughing about? With all those USB rings closing the news around your neck these days, judge getting through the deck and be very stressful. Extra-stest means extra wetness. That is why the terrorists who wants to stay dry uses extra dry Taliban roll-on and the first print. Taliban extra dry works when you need it most. Like when we Air Force is dropping 15,000 pound Daisy country land your house. And Taliban extra dry comes in new, good sense. So you can blend in with the livestock when sneaking the dresserboard during the Pakistan. Cool. You're gorgeous. You know, like our heard adults in there. All right, come on, take everything out of the car. Let's go. What are you finding in there? New Taliban extra dry roll-on and the first print. Strong enough for a camel, but make for a batole IQ. Taliban roll-on because you're a sticking terrorist. All right. buat yes led bad the record yesterday showed they got them dancing in prance a man and that's on keep on dancing by the who did that the gentries you remember that way before your time don't we have a song that keep on now we don't have that I thought we didn't damn the June 16th US Navy document detail 10s of fancy at instance of the tinian abuse in a rack of having twenty four marines they need back to made two thousand three the marines were convicted in courts marshal courts marshal have you ever seen that word before yes you have yes where do you see that I've seen a you know what I'm like me I would have said court martial no it's not like that well I'll be damn work this is so that my case it's shocking to me uh... you know there's a lot of words like surgeons general set up the general you know pains in the ass the Marine course at thirteen Marines were convicted in court marshal stemming from the incident getting prison senses up to fifteen months the document was written seven weeks after pictures of US army soldiers abusing a rack of prisoners at the abugar red jail became public triggering worldwide kind of nation but I did last too long it was small potatoes remember they got whipped up for about ten minutes and now okay what's next remember that to hit him remember that I remember it was one of numerous maybe documents released by the ACLU which obtained them out of the freedom of information act in the June 14th email a name criminal investigator wrote that is a rack of cases of his exploding high visibility cases are on the rise defense department is insisted from the outside that abuse to the extent that it occurs at all as a rational said you're meel jaffer and ACLU lawyer I think we now have overwhelming evidence that that's not true but that abuse was widespread and that it was systemic in the sense that it was the result of policies that I've been the defense department that's not the same defense department that that were rumswell is bordering in his the secretary of could possibly be yes I'll be there how can he still be in there you know this proves beyond a shadow of a doubt you got this triumph or the three big crux of which genius the ringleader and wishes like the face man you know right and of course rumsfield is like I'm hearing the warrior five six seven oh five sixty five sixty and a horizon and sing a world of sun for covers lines of like the light and up to see I think we're like between the signal getting all screwed up there for the last day and half of the way finally went on the back of transmitter for about twenty once between that and the fact that it's like December 15 well I think we're like a empty deck I think right now yeah maybe that's the mid-drove all away W. A. M. Hello not this and you're going to rule for a lot of work a great five six seven all five sixty pound five sixty I know I think what it was saying I got a good for you I'm sure that's one you can relate to my last get these phones smoke and post a we only got an hour and a half but then we'll play all those voice mail again huh just the case we got a miss and the first time everything around the button right get your finger right worth the herds the most W. Q. and hello you're pretty good pali patience your plain old call the wonder if I could have a request one now hope it's not ever johns I'm not sure it's the one we the guy called up to complain you keep it in your game but oh yeah it couldn't be revendrons couldn't yeah I don't do we do we yeah we uh here's Oakland Park hello yes this is a roger speaking but roger's uh Reverend Jones here and uh uh you're another another funny revenue having a a controversial show today on a whileers from the past what is it you're having a controversial show on colors from the past now we're not talking about colors from the past you're going to be it's it's that you're doing so what are you talking about your your playing old bit no no I'm not I wear with we we had a call a while back and I guess you did a tape and you made the some type of a card on it I guess that's what they're telling me and we to discuss not playing it on the air what are you what are you talking about that's the part that gave it sir that was one of my sirs I yes sir yeah first shake to not play that I thought we read the letter did we leave the letter the letter date your day your day did you receive the letter your day your day sir your day did you receive the letter your day they'll be a lawsuit your day sir your day now your day sir your day what was you trying to say your day oh you were listening to me you brought your day as gluten-free on five six two and you no fact in the in the church Hollywood's greatest movies taken unexpected turn but the worst all this week on summer theater Monday night it's merry mubbing merry mubbing oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh then Tuesday see the summer version of star war you are truly me on the dark side hmm okay on Wednesday it's last year to never seen her before look mom and class they please come home there's a night it's summer theaters version of the Wizard of Art there's no playtime hey nothing's happening I'll be a golf not here little twerp they're just shoes and right in us you're in the holiday season with miracle on thirty-fourth street I am Santa Cole yeah yeah I am I tell you a shop popularly energized up hunting and I was about a little shot fairer feet a light up Santa's now is I here we go you're well when you tune in this week two well there I'm 30 one to five sixty w two m-a dog a two a couple of four you got guilty from the studio I said about I'm in an educate 10 I'm choked up about this story the dolphins talk to get so next to it you're renew this yes but we want to have it right here we don't want to have to wait till the Sports Show start LSU coach next David and dolphins officials met for several hours last night about the teams making a coaching physician for the SPN.com how my Terry Bowden when he would good come on Terry Bowden he'd be a good old boy yeah the website is reported that while the dolphins did not offer saving the job they made it clear he's there number one choice the sclerces are expected to continue with the next two days the saving kind of playtime to the NFL are retaining one of college football top jobs savings contract laws and if you would an NFL team between now and the taggers capital one bull on January one or land though saving 53 hasn't coached in the NFL since being defensive coordinator of the Browns 91-94 when he worked on coach build a check staff say what we can as NFL coaching career a secondary coach produced in order from maybe eight nine left three letter become had coach at Michigan State all right Michigan State well thrills team speaking of that yeah for all the stuff that huh all these stories that are coming in about the Taliban hey what magazine is this from i have no idea details is that a man's yeah it is it is it was like the predecessor to like maximum and uh... fh m and all that stuff it says eyeliner meal polish a fondness for strong men they're all basic equipment for many young afghans are these afghan hounds are brownie hounds it says we're the were the Taliban gay afghanistan's knights are cool it's women invisible in a place like this it's no surprise men keep up uh... end up keeping each other warm with the Taliban down but maybe not quite that after all one of the more compelling questions that drove cocktail chatted during the afghan war has resurfaced just how gay worthy really twin uh... what would this come from this some how escaped me because they're also ugly to anyone who's gotten the passing eye full of some of the boys of kanda hard and almost sounds like a rhetorical question cool eyeliner nail polish a fondness for strong men with hands full of cash and chocolate these are standard equipment from any army afghans kanda hardens will tell you that birds fly over the city flap only one wing leaving the other wing covered their tail feathers which is a little uh... what we said before and for the average battle hard and warlord of uh... means a boyish even beardless bunk mate is a problem to a trophy wife and far easy to station a fox hole he'll do just about anything we want to visit in close on on pages and pages i'm a little bit how he has talent and a life stuff like that over the top of the thing or maybe the bottom five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the surprise and sing it a wireless lines who has the world's biggest closet that's our pull question today two hundred ninety seven votes catholic church one sixty seven bush of administration forty seven college fraternity 12 boy it's not even a contest after the top two wsv and tv channel uh seven eleven seven eleven college would eleven and a fellow eleven l p g a nine how much of a neighborhood gym oh yeah that's not just university nine Disney world five several Olympics five the voice got three and i think them three the talent and have three that will probably start growing right now in the a vote total two and the w and b a only one they're all out w hum hello yes sir i'm coming about the uh... the gentleman i was saying that there's no days in the church right uh... my thing uh... i mean i mean the files i mean six of the days it doesn't matter five and a green bill also no it isn't not necessarily uh... okay because i just can't even there's no being a church of the being the church and begin that arena you know one last time i think i'm all these guys are bring a watch uh... today they don't fact in the church there's no fact in the church there's no fact in the church in the church bring a watch is the word man you've got it and i'll pray for you god bless you my hidden friend here's a fact that says time the voice mail message was great that christian caught a lot of his love but if you knuckle down to his demands and we can avoid all of us that's because someone like him knows is how he knows his hate and forcing his weakness and fear of death on others you're the pig sir he's an emotional cripple who believes in ferretale and who only knows how to threaten and bully people who don't agree with his limited point of view a point of view of hate that's religion for a baby good old and by the way that's super hateful on the voicemail can't say the seaword for sure god your kids should be in school at a quarter nine kneels non-to-lective ten i think that was in reference to the whammy show on tv right although what time was that on was that on eight thirty i don't remember i don't remember either i'm trying to hear a beanies so helping if i ever meet that ventom guy i feel like beanies facing with a two by four that guys the ultimate example of sports nerd even as the whiny voice like gilding piz dock is me fire and i think he's also become a star on the show piz dock is me fired up when i hear someone say that you got a few of the crimes who become uh big superstars their own right okay yeah but you got like comp Miguel chair moderated the show now why do you keep mentioning his name he's all over us i don't know there's something going on it doesn't meet the eye if you catch my drift okay what's rockstar i mean Miguel doing a studio again i can't talk about it yeah oh you're so you're so full of crap you really are i have no more people who are full of it if i would be super you need a diet only needs a good bowel movement could be true i'm serious i think that if they like it didn't x-ray i don't think they find a lot of food new intestines or i expect i think you're just full of crap actually what you say why you have that problem she's a scouting shows of me you are you are you are you're not like i said the biggest trouble maker you make you make jf high seen like the good simmering you really do come on that's all you know how to do is stir the pot one thing that's spoken but i didn't have to do is stir it god i'm a journalist here now talk about my i can't take it and it's always in a part of the deal with the beast it's always i can't tell you i wish i could tell but i can't tell you like back in the modeys you had more and we still never found any of it out it's still never passed any of it along even always up there in bokeh waiting for his tape to show up yeah god you just did you just make crap up as you go along it's no wonder he just despise you and joe rose man the stuff he used to he used to just hate you that you couldn't even begin to believe i know and for raltorn on you too even though you're up there with his apartment in lana i can't believe that i never want you on your daughter to die don't you remember those days yeah he he he it was days yeah i remember those days he turned on you like a cornered rat yeah i think you were the beginning of his downfall if he asked me i probably pretty good guy but you don't want to like turn them to uh whatever he turned to whatever frown how to 34 c over us come on now so he's done this friend these damn stories about that there wasn't that person vagus okay not a good idea w q a m hello two a m yes sir oh yeah this river joins you right and river joins you son gay quite frankly you better maybe it's that time of the month i don't know what you're doing maybe the other one will drop four of these months come into q a and hello yes sir yeah hi you're talking about intelligent design before how about your friend intelligent design with the evolution yeah i found that about the day that he earth is billions of years old but they don't put talk about diners or that he don't talk about prehistoric man diners or the prehistoric man of the proof of evolution this is definitely a scam to get religion into this school no oh you remember that prehistoric uh pigment if you talk to us yeah the English papers they show the genital the son sent a show the picture of it they black out the genital the prehistoric man that take well thank god for that man little children might be reading the son sent all that i sure is held out it you are holding a meal ruggers hey it's day oh my auntie tell back at five six oh for the youth you and the critics agree this collection of holiday songs may very well be the most moving and memorable of all time yes candle wax music presents elmer fuzz Christmas classics and this 24 record set is truly incredible jingle bells jingle bells jingle all the way oh what fun is to ride in a one horse open square hey oh what fun you have hearing these timeless classics before in by america's most beloved hutter of weapons we're on the way knows where you did have a very shiny note and if you ever saw it you would even say hello elmer fuzz Christmas classics not a bit of a story and when you receive your set in the mail you'll know why hello everybody i show hope you like my Christmas classics so call toll free one eight hundred fun applewaters are standing by Santa Claus is coming to town got some van news and some good news yeah here's the van news for us al Gore's mother Pauline she died but she was 92 that's old enough yeah right he's dead now the good news yes Miguel facts is not the one that does want us to mention the money here but listen to it we go there's so many Miguel's in so little time maybe Miguel who used to be on passions please add Cubans to your list easily the winner it says well let's sit on it right away listen yeah i think they got a shot five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty out of a rising and singing a world of sons don't forget treasure ryle and five seven seven and happy are with the George book of Ryan and what's his name w qa and who out there five six seven oh five sixty rising sing it around us pound five sixty hi this is an indication to me yeah i think we just play holiday music for not only in the air why we wasting our time with us just ain't happening man w qa and hello oh two yes sir you wish navy is good all about what about armed forces in general no now he wants to be more pacific okay maybe he likes to village people i don't know he wasn't being an navy he wants to be out there with all the semen in the navy i'm a skirt singing the navy sound of the u.s navy got it i don't be don't be painting the big broad brush there over the entire u.s military don't have a game don't have don't have don't have right that's exactly right don't act and don't tell just stay in the closet and uh have a good time penting out of the restaurant numerous irregularities in a no competition deal given by u.s authorities to haliburton and paid for with the raki oil money and international watch dog group disclosed yesterday i'm gonna say it again last night the fifth estate on cbc they had a escaping one hour rift job i uh i'm just unbelievable i'm dictating and haliburton and the whole deal right i notice they got so be your burlusconi meeting with bush today well you talk about crux of a feather talk together man oh man i notice that burlusconi had one wing over his act oh yeah i wonder what that man talk about the biggest crook in the world at burlusconi you know he owns he's the head of the government he's the prime minister in the like he also owns the air most of the tv state the ryan networks really so like they put whatever propaganda they want he's banned satire in italy they were making fun of him so he's banned satire on television not that they don't have any dictators in italy like the pop for example and it's quite of all that mind jaman the eight to good food they're happy they have a good time as good as they came out of the circumstances all of its covering five work orders worth eight hundred and twelve million dollars made last year by raki west administration highlight many shortcomings including non-competition to require technical evaluations unsupported cost and overstated cost the international advisory monitoring board said the Texas all services company was headed by the chain between 95 and 2000 and it cost over runs on contracts linked to the US invasion of Iraq became an issue in the presidential campaign US officials delayed turning over the audits for seven months after they were requested but finally provided them an october after blocking out portions the safeguard for prior to your information the board said in line to the audits by the west defense contract audidate and see the board said it ordered a special audit of all sole source how the burden work to be completed in early 2005 while there's shoveling in their pockets man while they're hopping it up grabbing it stealing it and then part about the a came in island you ought to see the caliber in office that their operation became an ounce and so about as big as your ass beast that's pretty big yeah it's like a little orifice or in your case a big orifice that's all of this since there's nobody in there there's no lights on there's no nothing like a mailbox it's just a peodrop it's all of this sir but we're in a came in island's caliber and therefore we can do business with a ran with a rack with the earth for we have any crazy people we want this was on the cvc a well see it on your american that works even bet your life on it that what's his name's life on it double the problem of the came out of the hell we're not as their operation came out w qa hello for one of our eighty-second away you know was that weaker what man give a little further away from the phone next time the guard was having his problems today too that was really special w qa hello hello yes sir hello yeah hey don't get about the church it got sold the why the church it got sold this is Reverend Jones hello w qa hello qa m not there qa hello yes sir yeah what you have to say about curation you have no idea I came from a curation family my grandfather was a minister there really mean about curations I mean what about all of those just not know but the curation you you want to pick on a curation go ahead you have a really you haven't really felt joy into you've had a curation family they are the biggest grave robbers the biggest liar the biggest robbers you under the bus my grandfather was going to have to destroy my crazy elephant you know my grandfather was a minister and he was really a man a god but his kids were the worst they were the worst I mean liars backstabbers backbiders cheers robbers you under the bus and if they have a problem with you they don't sell the problem they just don't talk to you ever again right and if they have someone they don't make it everybody else did not like them what kind of way is that I mean if they're going to be Christians don't don't they go by the book I mean if they don't like somebody they don't sell the problem they just get everybody else to hate them too there you are they could just find that book the good book I'd love to hear from other people that had gone through the same thing and if they I find was just my family no I did I thought was just my family I thought maybe my family I thought maybe my family was crazy but I thought that could old Christian hate it's all over the past all you have no idea you have no idea yes I do have a good idea oh yes it works process free from a Catholic school in bright in New York man and the kids used to beat me up because I killed Jesus there's none's true top of the Jews killed Jesus it's worse than you even think so there's a poor liar beat none me I didn't even know the guy damn it yeah right happy honic it's the last day you like your candles no yeah I'm just a kind of in the word of no shine good like your paliato right so I think you better make your peace with God you better get good with the Lord is what it is just like that one bitch on it I want to oh yeah I don't you like her you made my son a faggot the anti-crank yeah right I'm the anti-crank anti-crank anti-nil anti-crank you haven't been living in the devil oh brother so many ignorant unbelievable superstitious dumb ass bastards out there in so little time and you wonder why bush got reelected supposedly I mean how could even have been close all of these disasters that finally they me disturbed the tell us you know about the humbys and about our troops being you know just totally elect out in the coal and like I've been saying all along it's like it's a human sacrifice that's all it is it's nothing more it's a human sacrifice a blood man and they also had a peace in there about the oxmaid chalemy last night and they you know a convicted extortionist oh yeah he's gonna be our man and so then come to find out surprise surprise is the stooge for the Iranians oh no oops how did that him oops oops they were just like Bernie care oops these are the people that are gonna keep you safe folks this is the Department of Homeland Security Bernie care it was got an arrest warrant out in Jersey he's a crook he's got 15 different wives and 15 different places he's screwing around with two mistresses and the in the burnout shell of a building across from the world trades center where it used to be this is one of the lowest of the low lives and the your your government couldn't figure that out it was up to all the investigative people and all the journalists newsweek and the others and the New York Daily News which took from him hey really they really loved it they must hit him like poison big recommendation by Julie Ali by the way yeah Rudy Julie anybody the way you don't see him no mole he's gone into hiding he's gone to the mattresses I think with Luca Brassie and Clemenza WQAM hello hey what's up how you doing boy what's going hey hey check out this movie called the second civil war it's like an HBO special a wild bat but it shows it's like a like a dark comedy and it shows you how the politicians do things to hilarious it's hilarious we're gonna be on HBO yeah long time ago you might have to buy this as the DVD now they're fine don't have it to be right story maybe just make follow all the politicians it's like it's really cool it's a really cool where you'll love it what's it called the second civil war okay I mean it just hilarious it just shows you how politicians work and how they're manipulations and all that no I don't believe any of that that's not now I have a wrong thing I don't believe that propaganda these politicians are honest man that's right they're hardworking there's an idea if there was what's like a Steve Forbes they're running a CNN I got it he is one of the most good thing he makes me look like like Steve's the most protesting that he ever seen him yeah oh my god he makes Wayne look like baby's ass he makes Wayne's face I mean just like like chunks of the moon on his face to the form since changes this offer ever plus a personality like a dead man he ran for president by do like his flat tax though I think about 2% son don't you yes well five six seven oh and of course in your case what give us a make when you got wealthy parents live on brick eleven we've got millions and millions and millions that keep feeding your fat ass and trying to kill you I think you should sue them for parental uh malpractice they got the big bucks right I get right on it huh I get right on it why not can I ask them for money to get the attorney yeah have them pay the attorneys fees yeah why not in fact instead of spending all that money taking one was damn cruisers boy you know you give me a certain an accrucium crap I love business yeah he's loved it because it's free you can feel your fat face that's why you love cruisers like it's not cruisers why you can be like 12 times a day yeah right that's the reason I never wanted to quantity here's the guy that was given me a critique about snake houses and ripper was Chris a couple of days ago and he's told me about the quantity of food on accrucium how it keeps shoveling all day down his big fat face he does two things he goes to the buffet and then he runs to let it out that's it that's why he's the expert on public restrooms also shoveling it in and getting rid of it which is here that choice getting rid of it that was a very clinical way to that's what I bet yeah a very odorless aromatic away being probably smells like lilacs you know it seems a new ruchers the ripper is a very good dear you the new riker wanted to have as my personal stable approval but I'm not sure if that's a young elvist or a fat elf thank you you were lucky all like you like your room as here is the king I know I haven't been around much for a while but I want you all to know what up here in a rocker roll ahead and all those think it over here there's trimmons and I could give y'all a special Christmas message I'm as a jeep piece like uh how about a little trees that pack all by like you like that one a lot of whole friend Christmas is a town of who time ago I a town of Oloon and I drew a logo takes lives that's it you got there like it what we want no we're like hurry our Christmas Christmas to me means family and family means friends the friends means get together and get together means beaten all passing that thumbs day which boys all like it's a lot more not the one who's ready you're right now you know I may be a big star maybe two days but he nobody's so big he can reach out a help in the hand helping hand or would you hand me a help of those imagine they'd go over there switchably plug it make it a mine now I'll assume anybody's so big he's can't stupid to help a friend and need or a holiday season I speak in a season we won't pass me that self-serder when you get the chance like it yeah just just so screaming out of that like I don't know so this Christmas why don't y'all take it to you for mold alums not all the little steak that's right where you are you know what I mean? you know I appreciate it 20 once you remember we're all part of God's great big family and you know God made man into his own image and look in the mirror I'd have to say God must be a big big symbol again you know what I mean? I like it here but especially when y'all remember this one last thing you know all the wholeness Christmas stringing that popcorn up on the free save up big big bowl for the team extra butter the little money like you do like you like you like more well no two or five six you WCM's humanity to two the Humperate 4 you got guilty all the last appearances of year I'm sure that it's seven night any kid ten that's a word-winning lineup here on QM we're on the backup transmitter are we still on it? I don't know have a word I know as far as we know and it sounds uh queer clear as a bell having some real serious problems before multi-proven a problem but uh we got a screen now at least on the little backup now this is a beast facts is me which is kind of you could have waited to like say this on your own like no upset that I just had that for yesterday's pool people using cell phones using the urinal yeah should be illegal i.e. Todd Dreck you can't believe he's still there oh yeah because uh George was telling me I keep asking where we can see still there because he does nothing for the show and he was giving me a son of the end of a well he's got this one coming on and he has nothing for the show zero which is probably just as well because he won't give me any copy for any counts anyway you don't believe in copy he just believes in writing business time drag at the urinal talking on the cell phone that is for a test and nasty thoughts almost as nasty as sitting down in it we got two stars there in the QMT room and the idea of sitting out of one and having the beast sitting at the other or jiff i take your prick that is uh not a pretty thought you know what I'm saying go back to that discussion about you on the cruise ships just show and down your face in fact I think about doing the animal coastbathia that a new bragging about the fact we gotta come up today and you bragging about the fact that you were there see when you go into any kind of a fey restaurant yeah there are now i'm like you know i'm a little um... puggie i'm fat but i'm not like super fat i'm not in the category of like you know there's not a piece no i'm definitely not a piece anymore i have it in my life at one time i was a porcupie 266 long ago right nineteen seventy three that's like how many years ago about thirty minutes forty one years ago but there are people are like a little overweight and they're like skinny people and you know all range of people and then there are those people in your buffet places who are just gigantic they're you yeah like you y'all though what i well and i listen but they places are a magnet for pigs and i can almost that's true and that's why you go there and probably just mind your mind your mind just i can't even begin to imagine i usually don't go to those places and invariably for example there was a place it's not open anymore where they they close it down to build some other restaurant somebody used to be a place with a great Sunday brunch i'd go a lot with a friend and you'd sit in there every week who was like a ritual man you watch the same tour three enormous huge i'm talking about four five hundred pound guys wow and it would come back and uh... bottle back to their seat how they sent one share beats out of me and the the plate would be like just overloaded i mean just the stuff falling spilling over the edges just loaded as high as you could pilot man what is that all about i guess if you're going to keep up that gritty after like uh... keep you know i'm struggling to down right a lot of food for a little money that's what it's about there you go i got another one for our poll today yeah y and c a who could one y and c a and we got in the navy we're new all the people places here gay right i am c you may put how about jims like uh... you know public uh... how do we say that though your neighborhood gym you name a gym yeah never gym works at neighborhood gym i try to tell people that oh no you're crazy you think everybody's uh... gay you just make you ride let me just tell you right now guys to go to places to shower together and hang around in a linger in the shower uh... you know i don't want to get into a big description but gay yeah that'll handle it yes right you played all the old calls and surprising and play the old uh... gyrodee and about frets obatectro uh... that's well you're right it's a good idea it was on that was on forever is a mobile in bokeh hello yeah i i do it i'm doing okay well you know so i wanted to talk to you a little bit about uh... this fraternity business that you mentioned and they just wanted to ask if you have any best friends and how long have you had those best and more what does that mean well it is not have to do with this it has to do with it but uh... best friends and they have any hands at all sure it has to do with the paternity and and not necessarily taking showers or or all the other hazing and whatnot that goes on but it has to do with hanging out with a bunch of guys hi i have to i have two best friends one straight one is gay i've never had sex with either one of them i've never seen you to one of them make it there have a desire to do either one of the above okay in a fraternity takes showers with them don't stop tally's at them all right in a fraternity now we don't uh... socialize by can show together is a guy takes a shower and the other guy's got to go to class he goes in the showers well it's not a question of socializing in the shower well i'm not talking about socializing in the shower fraternities we're talking about hazing and initiation and fraternity and group sex i'll tell you about hazing and initiation when you are when you when you when you're in the age of adolescents 18 19 and you're trying to find yourself in college whatever may college may be fraternity's lend itself to putting a bunch of guys that are like you what i see like you i mean they like the same interest they play the same sports their group of guys together that automatically for some reason i can't explain why become your good friends for life now when you have a good friend and like i mentioned to you when you have a best friend or someone who's a good friend of yours you share experiences with them and part of becoming a specialist experiences oh well it could be could be uh two guys on the girl it could be two girls on uh and two guys it could be uh you know uh in the bathroom four guys taking showers before girls the experience sexual or non sexual or derelative no no it's not irrelevant at all of course no it is right when you're in a fraternity your your goals are to make friends because because you have a friend so because you have a best friend or a bunch of good friends doesn't mean a that you take showers with them because you're going to be friends for a long time and be certainly doesn't mean that you share sexual experiences with them or can ask you have a group second of them you know some of the i belong to a health club and in the health club that i belong to it's a completely heterosexual health club yeah but the shower is the shower with uh with six dogs on it now do you think that i've become part of that health club so that i can work out with guys and then go take shower I have no idea well you can answer that question but that already has no idea although i will end up with this there are plenty of guys who do but that's beside the point that's a bastion of homosexual activity eating health clubs don't sound offensive we believe you yeah what is the point of rule sex the point of a fraternity and hazing and the point of becoming a report and what is the point of making all the what is the point of making the young kids get naked that is not that you can't you what it is not that you I'll give you a a great forward and please let's bring along when you belong to a fraternity and i'll say it again you belong to a bunch of guys that are going to be your friends for life and part of so why they're trying to get naked for you let me finish part of the experience of having a best friend whether it may be a best friend that you play soccer with or may whether it may be a best friend that you are drinking with yeah you share you share intimate moments not that's intimate moments that's sexual when i think intimate i don't mean sexual i mean intimate in the sense that you will not share that kind of experience with anybody else who's not your friend for example there's something this sounds so faggy to me that even i'm embarrassed for you sir you want to know sounds very funny to me running through the beach naked with a bunch of guys you're never gonna share experience with anybody else not even your one you see is there any other why would you want to run why would you want to run the beach naked with a bunch of guys why do you want to do that why do you want to hold on it's pausing is that a question of you why do you don't have a choice right because what right and why do you want to force these kids to be naked why do they always have to take their clothes off my my closet friend i don't every day that hangs out with the showers of the gym why don't tell me the real story here pal i don't every day experience people do not in a fraternity walk around they think it's not stop up against stop at the same in the scene bath okay let's get back to the meat of the matter tell me why you want to see make these guys get naked what's that all about it's a matter of respect it's a matter of lack of respect for them by you it's a matter of lack of respect if i respect somebody i'm not going to force them to a degrade themselves and bear us and humiliate themselves in order to be part of my love if you're going to be part of a particular group of friends and guys who says that i want to tell i want to punish you i want to tell you this okay without any more discussion it's very simple a child continue if somebody demands that i get naked in order to be their friend i'll pass okay there's a good message for all you kids out there if any other male your age older whatever age if they demand that you take your clothes off and engage in some kind of naked hanky panky in order to be a part of their club in order to be your buddy in order to be their pal run like a bed it run like a son of a bitch that's the best call i've ever had in my life it just want to be your friend for life that's what miscomal said to i think you just was looking for a friend for life right from an center one at five sixty w q i am in being out with the original those way for radio back in nineteen ninety three it sounds like eleven years ago to meet popular science called of the sonic marvel and now eleven years later those is engineered to a whole new standard introducing we great new amazing those way of music system that reproduces a half octave lower musical notes plus even greater instrument clarity and definition the sleet new design features no buttons a convenient credit card style remote not controls all functions including FMM radio new slot overhead CD player call those directly tool free one eight hundred five six o forty eight thirty two to order what they've been no back to gadget guys says can't easily replace whatever components just be poorly have ordered the inch shipping is free it's only the fifty so have time for the holidays a great holiday gift idea call one eight hundred five six o forty eight thirty two when you do call be sure to ask about the new bows payment plan let's you make convenient monthly payments using your own major credit card with no interest in bows a risk return out proud guaranteed satisfaction so call right now to hear the unbelievable sounding new bows weighed music system one eight hundred five six o forty eight thirty two that's one eight hundred five six o forty eight thirty two your needs a review Re� acid Shocking for the Christmas gifts for us on that bread Queen. Is this the end of anything? Oh, just listen to me. But there is that E.P.C. Barthry the attack of Winskins. And for Mr. Arkalli, I hire the whole sunswears. Our drop of fishing pole. And a nutless fruit cake. O'Keeves and King, I'm be like my steroid breed protein shade. I got a dad through the course. Send to Lindsay, low wind. For scot-fears, sends of shore scot-tailers, Where is go-and. I saw the last test in the clothes. For the desperate house-life. I hold my gift. Of three sharp insude knives. Foggen in a nimble ring. Got star-jones, a real man. Torn actually, seems to sing. And a cold kid man. On 10th. On 17th at 5.60. WCM. Look at that. Phone star. You're really Julia, you're a salmon semen. And they're absolutely correct about that. A little on the tarnish saw, I would say. As a matter of fact, his skin had boyfriend. And a permanent, this is in the New York Times. An apartment in Bathewe Park City that former police commissioner of Bernie Kerrick secured for his personal use after 9.11. Was originally donated for the use of weary police and rescue workers who were helping a ground zero according to a real estate executive who has been briefed about the apartment. As out closely would say, use the apartment. After the cleanup and settled into a routine that followed executive said, Mr. Kerrick, who was still police commissioner, asked to rent the two bedroom apartment for his own use. During his use of the apartment, Mr. Kerrick and Judith Riegan engaged in an extra marital affair there according to some of his book, Mr. Kerrick and Bathewe relationship, Ms. Riegan published his bestselling autobiography in 2001. Rescue workers were coming through the world train center rubble around the clock when Mr. Kerrick called Anthony Bergamo will all connect to the Vice Chairman of the Mealstein Family Real Estate Company and a police buff. And as for helping find a place for the workers to rest during breaks the executive said, acquire the executive who knows Mr. Bergamo, device chairman of the Rage for Mr. Kerrick to have the use of an apartment there. He could say, use the apartment. Several apartments in the buildings had been used by rescue workers on breaks and by red cross staff who were treating them in the month after 9.11. While Mr. Kerrick was screwing his brains out. And that great? Yeah. I'm sure he was very emotional as he looked out the window being reminded they were means of nine lot of emotional think probably a tear came to his eye. Maybe. Speaking of crazy Christians, speaking of intolerant lunatics, speaking of what America is becoming, unfortunately, regressing into the stone age, and boldened by the election day success is some Christian conservators around the country are trying to put more Christ and a Christmas decision. And notice we're getting more of that this year than I would think that ever before. Oh, how come we got them the norm? We got to have more than just a Christmas tree. We got to have an activity scene with Christmas and ads in this place. Seasoned greetings happy holidays which you'd satisfy everybody. That's not enough because that shows a little bit of understanding intolerance and compassion. No, it's got to be specifically dealt to you, I mean, there's a revival taking place in our nation that is causing Christian and right-minded people to say right-minded, far-right. Wait a minute, we've gone too far so the Reverend Patrick Wooden-Sineer, pastor of the Rally Church, we're not going to allow the country to continue this downward spiral to the left. We're not going to allow it to that. In California, group called the Committee to Save Mary Christmas. We're slaughtering, we're butchering people in Iraq. You young people over there being used as a human sacrifice. And then we got people worried about the committee to save Mary freaking Christmas. They're boycotting macy's and it's corporate parents federated departments to us accusing them of replacing very Christmas signs with one wishing shopper's seasons greetings or happy holidays. The organization decides the recent presidential election showing political correctness is a fending millions of Americans. Federated for its parts is that it has no ban on such greetings and that sort of vision can happen. Pages they see fit and store clerks are free to wish any custom of Mary Christmas. Macy says it's ads commonly used to phrase Mary Christmas. The push from the religious right-tables are friend very lint and executive director for Americans united for separation of church and faith. There is a small handful of people like him around the country. A couple of organizations and other not forget about it. This missing of secular and religious symbols ought to be seen as a bad thing, not a good thing for Christian believers. He says, unfortunately some of the Christian pressure groups seem to have it backwards. He adds, I think it's fair to say it's a mistake in notion that they have a mandate to put in more nativity scenes because George Bush was elected. And by the way, you'll be pleased to know that here in Toronto in my building with his got hundreds and hundreds of apartments. They make it clear every year. There's a sign in the lobby. No decorations. And no religious decorators. Seasoned there right now. Nothing. I'm New Dores. Because it offends some people. We've got Arabs. We've got Muslims. We've got atheists. We've got Jews. We've got Christians. We've got every kind of glam. And so we don't put anything on everybody's survive somehow. The battle over the manger on a city hall lawn is nothing new. People expect the annual tustle over the separate cities. But they keep the Christ in Christmas content. And this is especially agitated this year. Over what its member see as a troubling trend on Main Street. Target stores banning salvation army bell ringers. UPS drivers complaining to a free speech groups that they've been told not to wish people a Murray Christmas. And accusation UPS denies is silly on its face and just not true by the way. And major corporations, barring religious music from cubicles. And we name the office Christmas vash the end of the year party. I think it's part of a growing movement of people in the north. It's part of tolerances what it is. We sure won't that. I think it's part of a growing movement of people with more traditional values which make up the majority of people in the scum. And office enough is great. Scott, a spokesman for the Arizona based alliance defense fund. We know that Arizona and California are home to the most rabid right we organizations in history of mankind. A midstorize of schools banning the signing of carols singing carols on buses. Scott's group has distributed to more than 5,000 schools. A 7 point legal primer. Siting 40 years of case law that says it's okay to mention Christmas in other places. Okay. And the group has about 800 attorneys waiting in the wings in case that notion needs to be reinforced. They're going to legislate Christmas right down your throat. They're going to stick it right up your throat. That's right. Ask to that same end. They Virginia based ruth of it. Another right wing of lunch and nuts. Which says that we see the UPS driver complaints has reached its 12 rules of Christmas guide to celebrate the birth of Jesus. The school's just gone too far. This is the final straws. Institute president John W. Whitehead. It's supposed to be a time of what peace and freedom and fun and they've kind of made into a second or kind of a grade day. I don't know. It's sunshine here. It's blue skies. How about there? It's a you know. It's not bad. Manza manza. It's a little chilly. Let's okay. Right. I'm going to talk about the temperature. I'm talking about he says it's kind of a great, great, great and great day. Conservative radio a TV talk show. They've chartered over some recent incidents so they consider political correctness run a mock and Kansas. The witch of tall ego ran a correction for a notice that mistakenly referred to the community tree at the Witterfresh celebration is a Christmas tree. And the mayor of several of the mass apologized after news release mistakenly referred to the December 21st city holiday party is a Christmas party. But for many of the threats and demands that stores put up Mary Christmas signs are no laughing matter. Line at simply requires to own his own by Jews to put a gold star and their own. And then the government has a social director of same marxivisical church in Raleigh wrote an letter to the editor. It's unbelievable. It's incredible to press people who use their religion as a weapon. I'm going to beat you over to head with it and I'm going to make you be subjected to this whether it's offensive to you or the elected or not. And by the way, Mary, if Christmas, I wish we could play that. Shall we try? Good luck. Well, I'm serious. Well, I don't because I haven't had time to audition. This is going to be real pain in the ass. Having listened to some of our audition during the break to see if it's I heard there is no Christmas. I don't think so. You know, trees no snow. Let's say John, you have a different relationship. Do what they do. They've been moved. I'm telling you. And not in our holiday. I do. And so every December, I go to the Middle East and say, hey, they're Mr. Myblahm. Mary Christmas, put down not hooked a car and get some for me. I'm going to make way, you. Think Casey, you haven't noticed. If she says partying, so get off your knees and muggle them. I'm not going to tell them. There is no holiday season in the hot hard. They don't hang out there, stockings, and that is just absurd. They never read a Christmas story. They don't know what Rudolph is about. And that is why in December, I'll go to India and shine. Hi there, Mr. Hinduist. Mary Christmas, three-tick dog, any something and happy to use up here. Say, Casey, have a notice. If she says partying, so get off your knees and then do what? Sell them right. Now I heard that in Japan, everyone just lives in San. They pray to several gods and put needles in their skin. On December, 20 May, all they do is eat a cape. And that is why go to Japan and walk around and shine. Say, no, Mr. Shenzhal, it's very, Christmas. Thought is going to take the racy into the elegant dog. Think Casey, have a notice. They're best if they can do. So let's all rejoice for Jesus Mary. I'm going to raise up to you. I'm Christmas day. I travel around the world and say. Now, it's Christmas, but it's all you can do. Let's all you ACS to. Mary, stay in place. Oh, yeah. What a job. Oh, oh, oh, oh. We're listening to new Rogers. It's Christmas. Christmas. Amen. There's a guy who's fucked, okay? Oh, I got a robot at the Walmart. The trap will dung each other's free defense. Get out of my way, you covered. It was on the day after Thanksgiving. Oh, the grandma didn't know she picked it for me. Every year, there will be fright. All she wanted was a player. Congratulations. You ruined Christmas, the DVD's she owned. Merry Christmas, Christmas. But when those state-for-goers won't open. When the Walmart she was stepped on and made up straight to the bowl. Grandma's now wide out of action. And I'll hospital she sits. And half her body is in traction. And she even needs a nurse to take a sped up. Grandma got run over at the Walmart. And it's awful. Trouble under shoppers, DVD's fee. It was on the day after Thanksgiving. Bath. Grandma didn't know she picked it for me. Grandma got run over at the Walmart. And it was on the day after Thanksgiving. Bath. Grandma didn't know she picked it for me. Oh, Mumma and her. Give me the number for 911. My Christmas is over, buddy. What dress? I'm dying on my hair. 132 at 5.16. I mean, Jo's a gassy, and put a mad dog in the ash at a known. After two straight days, it's a little bit too much for us, especially with a dolphin season going away. Oh, right. He needs a rest. He's a good boy. Oh, my. So we got Jo's in today, which I'm sure the beast had something to do with that. Nothing to do with it, but I'm glad to hear it. I'm here on guarantee. You're responsible for it. Good guy, but oh, man. In fact, give us the big, oh. Any day. Oh, no. I even knocked the big O, after you got me a gale pissed off. I mean, I'll about something which I have no idea what that is. I'm going to turn the whole place against me. And then you bring, then you bring in fat boy. You went back to the cell phone. I didn't stop. But you're not in Jeff High this morning before the show is on. If there was an early, uh, human, human. Oh, yeah. How are you? You bring that's how a crap in there. He tried to get in his way, but I tried man. I tried to prevent him from getting to the mic. No, yeah. Like, like, I can just see that. You roll right over me. Yeah. Like a gigantic schmoo. Keith and Boca's got a good idea, which I think I mentioned yesterday when you were talking about going to publics for a magic room. Let's do the show that I thought of a good pull question. We'll have to be a two-part pull. It would be a great service. I think we might do that tomorrow, aren't you? Uh, yeah. Great idea. It says, you know those times when you're in a car, feel like sudden pressure in your Bollis, you know, you won't be able to make it home in time all the way. I think of that trip in Oakland that time. Open California late at night at Denny's. You'd say, you need to find a place to go. See, that's very Santa Torre Joyce, place to go. Part one, who has the best public bathroom. He says, my vote is toys are us. I can't see that. What do you mean by that? I've all the kids and stuff. If anybody's going in there, like, yeah, anybody taking little kids into a tea room and make a mess, oh, geez. And part two, as the worst public bathroom, as well as the waffles house. Oh, what? He's got a point. Oh, you've done a number to waffle house? I haven't done a number, but I've been at the waffle house quite a few times. Well, how do you know what the restroom looks like just because you'd judge and maybe on the on-be-answered places that it, maybe the restroom is sparkling clean. Maybe the window is a little. It's definitely not. Like, I wouldn't sit in the waffle house. You wouldn't want to squat in the waffle house or sit. You sit. Right. Okay. Just wanted to make sure, I got my own little yellow square button here, you know? Want to protect everybody under all circumstances. So that's a good idea. Okay, then I think we'll work on that for tomorrow. That's beautiful. Part one. And then we'll do number two. We'll do number one to mark number two on Friday. How's that? Okay. Who has the world's biggest closet that's our pool quest today. 475 votes starting from the bottom. Why I'm CA only one. How silly you people are. Neighborhood Jim is only got one. WNBA is only got three. The voice got three. The US Navy three. United Kingdom four. The Taliban five. Cubans only six. Madiccon. Bungarron. Summer Olympics seven. Does he relate NFL 12? I'm Jones University 13. Channel seven. WSVN 14. Your neighborhood, the fact place. The LTGA 15. College of Rats 17. Hollywood 17. The Bush administration 64. And way out in front. In a leak of the role in the Catholic Church 281 votes. But I'd like to remind you. Jesus act in the church. Keep that in mind. Now here's something to keep in mind. Remember Zell Miller? Yeah. He's coming to a team in your view very soon. Zell Miller the secret line. Guess what? Now we're going to give you 86 guesses. Is the witch that we're going to be reporting for. Fox. Now what a good guess. Yes. The Fox News channel confirmed yesterday that George is 72 year old. US right wing Senator A. Lunatic has signed on as a contributor once he leaves orifice next month. I'm excited to be joining Fox News channel. I'm eager to contribute to the continuing success of the network. Miller said a Democrat alleged in name only who campaigned for President Bush into November election and made an ass and ass speech at the Republican Convention. Miller has been a frequent guest on Fox programs. Including the anxious hand of the in-call. Kevin McGee, Vice President of Fox News program. He said executive is wearing press by Miller's appearances on those shows. Predicted he'll be a frequent contributor in his new role which begins January 6. I wonder if Hermann Garens is going to be a frequent guest on their too. And Joe's a girl and Rudolph has and Dr. Joseph Mangala and Edville Crown. What do you think? Probably Zell is a terrific person McGee said he's colorful. He's an interesting guy. He's good on TV. He's strong as opinions. He's not wishy. Watchy about telling you how he feels. Fox spokesman Paul Schur said Miller will be used. Our cross Fox News program. He can be like wallpaper on your TV. He can show off on special report with Bridgium. Around your world with Neil Cavoodo. Our Fox News Sunday sure said. The network declined a comment about Miller's compensation. The Fox gig is the second major career move for Miller and as many weeks last week. And I'll see what's going to do in the land of law firm of McKenna Long and Aldridge. As a senior policy advisor. Miller's also working on another book which he said is due to his published office. March 1. His last told me National Party no more. A sale that I'm a credit party for children. Two-fart left and became a national best seller. Coming soon away. Not see books during your buy you. I didn't like that. So Miller, I don't. So we got the Christians who want to stick Christmas in your phase. Yeah. Who want to stick to the activity scene and all the other bubbles in Choshkizu. She's the interesting part about all of that is as you well know. It's like the orthodox Jews in the conservative especially the orthodox and reformed Jews all bored of a. Oh, I'm going to take a like. Boys. And the same is true with all the Christian denominations and the Catholics for example. They Protestant to the Catholics. Just as you see acted out in Northern Ireland on a daily basis. Throw on little, you know, little girls going to school throwing bricks at him because of the fact that they don't happen to believe the same fairy tales and the same will be true now in America. As you're going to start seeing this big divide and of course Bob Jones from the University where your president spoke by the way about Jones University Bob Jones is a tourist. You're talking about the Catholic Church being like, what did he call it? What did he call it? And then of course Islam is a gutter religion and Judaism is a gutter religion that's with the we fair concept. And I'll tell you what they're all gutter religions. How do you like that? See, we don't discriminate on the show. They're all ridiculous. They're all assinined. They're all needless. Okay. I mean, if you want to have some good deli, that's fine. If you want to enjoy a big fat turkey and some stuffing cranberry sauce. And say, hey, that's you. See, I'm doing it great. Right? We love that stuff. Oh, yeah, we do. But they'll be feeding me all the fairy tales. Oh, and the good book says it was written by lunatics by primitive morons thousands of years ago. There was no printing press. There was no telegraph. There was no telephone. There was no A and no FM. No P and no nothing. No match. No anything. You name it. I see. It's very tales. Old wives tales handed on somebody's knee thousands of years later. And we'll still try to figure out who killed JFK and who killed Cockroven, right? Who killed J.R. Exactly. There you go. And speaking of Robin, at your age, those types of stuff look a little ridiculous. Okay, Bert, have you? You've seen, I'm sure, you know, they bring these guys like on biography channel. Do you want to see that? You want to know? And you've seen the Batman thing. They bring back Bert Ward and Adam West. Oh, it's. And you tell me there's a gun. Yeah. That's right. You see, somebody's still up and he's. You know, back in the day and he bring him back like 40 years later and look like they're. They're less side of their faces where they're asses supposed to be. You know what I'm saying? That must hurt. Oh, God. They're running. Yeah, they show them out of that. Don't ask. Don't tell policy. Wow. Oh, life saving arm. Look at this. Let's dig through the garbage to the dumpsters. We can find some armor for our vehicles. Or they're for our humbys. And the public is like, no, no, outrage. Where's the outrage? Where's the anger? You know, the way to fix the left, that a fist lesson you crane. The guy got poisoned. His whole face is falling apart. He's been in that stuff. And then the people are revolting and demonstrating the state. And American people are just revolting. They're not demonstrating. They're just revolting. They're worried about values. Now they're worried about who's going to get what for Christmas. They're worried about how much money they got. That's all they give her crap about. Then I worried about important things. I'm going to wind up with a $166,000 jackpot on the wheel of fortune today. That's not what the important crap is. You bet. When that piece sweet, when that person, we'll come down. And then the next one comes down buying, buying, and then the third one comes down blank. Come down blank. Talk about leaving being less limp. You should get like half of that. You should get something more than, you know, and also is another real rip off. Yeah. And I don't know why they do it. Lot of reason. Why is it, for example, I told you this story a couple about a month ago when I had to five out of six. Namaste of the number by one. Right. The winning number was 13. I had 14. I had all the other five. Five out of six paid me 1574 lousy bus. It was a $15 million jackpot. Right. So wouldn't you think that maybe like five out of six, five plus the bonus, whatever? Would pay like, you know, 250,000. You see what I'm saying? Why am I sticking all on the top? Right. You know what I'm agreeing with that? I don't know about that one. Oh, you're crazy man. More to me man, 1500 bucks is a lot. 1574 bucks. Sorry. Plus I had four other tickets. It would like three or four our numbers on it. Yeah, we just, the lucky week. That's all. Never happened again. Never ever happened again. The most important thing I think was like four. One digit. Talk about 13 being an unlucky number. One stinking digit there. I got 14 and the other number was 13. And I kept looking at that thing and looking at them. And of course you can just imagine what was running through my mind. Can't you? So I can. And somebody said to me yesterday, oh, yeah, but you keep working when you're in the old. I said, yeah. Oh, yeah. Man, you have to eat to a nunnery. Whatever the hell I mean. 142. My God, your breath are beautiful. Oh. That's good by the time we're in. Some of the tickets. He's inside and just been more time with your family. Like all the others who jumped your hood. One another, 20 dollar whole. How far over at night, last night. You did all right for a guy with a frame, of two good cheese. That looks like mayonnaise when you sneeze. Oh. And with that underneath, that you decide to leave. You'll post this lie in your voice. You'll pack your crayons. You'll doubt it that you're in your hands. Who shall the brother throw this new boy in the name? I'm so glad you're here. We're not fooling, we're waiting for you. And we'll see if we'll have a good time. It's a good time to eat. You'll have a good time. It's a good time to eat. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Goodbye, John. That's right. Now be it and get lost. You no longer have a burden. You're a police officer with names that crime with carna. And you leave with bladder in your hand. That's when you're the only one. Now maybe you'll know how it feels to take the side to have a secret. Be it into your high-dry-boring high-suffering form. And what you have of the way of being a take your place. Now that time it gives me a steal. That's a drug that's brought me home. And I'm so sure that your spirit keeps me as far apart as I can. You know this that you're what you want us all. You're a horrible slag with other the real thing. Good back, hold it down. You'll throw it in the towel. You fulfill your subsidy and switch your tongue from the tree. That was stuck between a dick and a goat. Right, don't. You're so superior, foolish. We sleep at night behind you. The pushes and the solipur is on a better than a carnal off the floor. In the back of the men and the goats' floor. And you finally realized with all the weapon lies. You're no longer the least of rights. And top of the day, they should have him in such a good alive. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. That is, you say at least until these meets your old lip beat. You got to just in time. Oh, right. Don't forget we got Jose for Mad Doggon 2. We got to operate for it, right? I'm a way more changes in the schedule. Uh, not very good. Just checking. Now do you have any nominees? Well, if I directly pull for tomorrow. Yeah. I'm going to have toys in our restaurant. I really can't think of a place in the US. Well, are we going for just general places or specific named, uh, Oh, no. In other words, not like the toys in our restaurant in corner, about 135th and Northwest, uh, you know, and then, oh, not like that. I guess you want to do that? Oh, no. That's not a good idea. Then everybody's either going to have people lined up like 600 of the door. Well, I want to use those beautiful, uh, right, rooms. I want to be the first one that's going to pee on the ice in the urinal. Well, things so. So like just hotel or do you like a specific hotel? Right. Like the built more, I said. You want to, oh, okay, the built more hotel is good. That's fine. Because I'm giving you these ones and answer that. And don't forget to, the Christopal's in the, um, Barbers on Palace. You'll call from those restaurants. And the Josh had a choice. Uh, he's going to want tomorrow. This isn't between Burger King and Kentucky Fried. Oh. Oh. And Crystal. He's been to Tampa in Orlando. He's Crystal. He's going to tap on this weekend. Oh, and I was not cute. Where's about 30 from? Oh, gee, I don't have time to play that. From the region's, uh, uh, uh, uh, what's his name? He did he. Registence and peded he puffed, puffed it. He peded. And old, old, dirty. What a shame. We know that old dirty. The kick around the more. Oh, and I was thinking of food. Yeah, I can have that time for this. This is very important. Moe and Portante. Okay. The pizza hut in Cleveland is shuttered. It's the on sign collecting dust on the floor. Uh, but knocking down the golden arch. This is proven far more difficult for Toby Cosgrove. The little head of the Cleveland Clinic. Right. Just like the one we got out there in Western. Okay. A heart surgeon who's cleaned out of careers worth a clogged arteries. Cosgrove didn't think big max, super size fries and ristic 60s pizzas belong to the lobby of a hospital run for cardiac care. So we decreed fast food joints and to go pizza hut by quietly. But McDonald's, McDeath halfway through a 20 year lease is refused to shut down a franchise that serves 12,000 doctors, nurses, janitor, secretary of patients and visitors. Each week, our menu is something we're really proud of said Marty Rampft and McAmy Thomas vice president. We got a great relationship with people in clinic. We're not interested in closing. We're interested in clogging, but not closing. That's more of a sense than real Roger. That's a good sign. And we're going to see a M. We have got... Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! I'm dying out of the air. That's exceptional. That's relatable. I'm going to go first. Bear with me that's worse. That's rare. Theynevers are small. They're unutz. If you are capable of the bullet, they will definitely Regierung. A pilot in Jiselman. They are brave, if you are not confident about what what that means. You're certainly with that. When we're not bringing up, at least I want police加油. That's obvious. I am a dolphin, don't bet on them you'll always lose They don't know how to tackle, they don't know how to block Their coaches are to tell them to put them day in their jobs Then they would run much faster and even in the feet When we go to the stadium, we'll see my amy, and there the I am a dolphin, I am a dolphin, I am a dolphin I am a dolphin, only Jesus in the woods, I am a dolphin I am a dolphin, but seeing that hasn't got a clue I am a dolphin, but but dolphins have no fence Just 50,000 apples sitting in the stands They watch the game and all the tools is mowing right then bitch I wonder how go Abbie got the piece so bad And rich and there the I am a dolphin I am a dolphin, I am a dolphin, number how many games and do we go I am a dolphin, I am a dolphin, I am a dolphin I hear the crowd begin to boo The dolphins have faith we worked that quarter of the sex at you Run down the field and he will grow up past over you I'll never win a super bowl you should be free When he gets cut that does it mean that he will serve the size in there I am a dolphin, I am a dolphin, I am a dolphin, number how many games and do we Paying to, I am a dolphin, I am a dolphin, I am a dolphin J'a call his signals in Hebrew The dolphins have no defense and their offenses at jokes You're like George Bush eating pretzels, you know they're gonna choke They'll always just stop point you when they're in a playoff race With fewer points than fuck marks on high singers of the week face and there The funny amy dolphins, I am a dolphin, I am a dolphin, I am a dolphin, number how many games and do we go I am a dolphin, I am a dolphin, I am a dolphin, now they're free You turned Bye bye