That's why you can't wait until you get away from me before the water deal. And here are so hot for like nothing you've seen before the fritter. Excuse me, but seems father. What is it my child? We have something I must tell you. What is it my daughter? Oh father, I must say to tell you. Afraid to tell me your own father? I fear I will be ashamed of my family. No, I am your father. I love you very much. You must tell me what is wrong. You promised you would still love me? Of course, my sweet child. A father's love is not erased by a simple misdeed. Very well. I am. I am. I am. Right now. I am. I see that. Do you still love me father? Of course I do. But is in your pregnant and not married. Yes father. And my freedom must drag you down to the town square. And with the help of my friends and neighbors, a stone you to do. My daughter, she's written that this is the punishment for what you have done. You should be given to her. She is only the grounded. I am not. I am not. I must love you, stone. It's the first step. I will focus on a fundamentalist and it will reach the center. May I speak with you, my esteemed husband? No, no, no, no, no. Please, please, my wife. Oh, I have something to tell you. I am having an affair. Oh, alright. I am. Are you going? I will have to live back your collecting stone. What do you mean? Yes, I must drag you to the town square. But very you will of course be stone today. You'll be an example of a lot of the things that you have done. They will be old and then it problems. It's like that. May I speak with you, my esteemed father? Yes, my son. You're a good person. You're a good person. You're a good person. You're a good person. Well, what do you know? You are a one lucky boy. What is it, father? You are going to get stone two nights in a row. You are a good guy. You are a good guy. I am she. The guiding she. I just shot a location and bagged. I don't know. I want you to. I'm trying whoever put together an MNSNBC abortion. If you went my snipe, that was the worst between seven APM. Was there anybody else out there who saw that? I sure hope not. I bet you if anybody else saw it there, but nobody committed suicide. The worst hour of television in history. I mean, even when we were on Rami, that abortion they put on a cold of TV show, that was any award winning compared to that hour last night. I saw Chris Matthews. And basically, would we have some crowd noise or something? Yeah. Chris, we were going to make some noise. And I like it. Like that. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I used to hear a movie on the same. Okay. That's enough. Kind of like that. And then, of course, we had the even band there in a bunch of flute players and, uh, oh, brother, making a lot of rockist noise. They'd look out by a TV called their friends on their cell phones. So, everybody know the wrong TV. It was, uh, embarrassing. But we got the big debate tonight. Oh, I'm right. And some of the polls are really tightening up. Carri actually among likely voters is a head and a Ohio. It's Pennsylvania. Florida. He's narrowed it to like, uh, a couple of points. It's getting tight, which is pretty interesting. And, and some of those are gallop holes, by the way, which overwaste the Republicans. Maybe we could be in for November surprise, do you think? I think we can only pray. Anyway, and then, of course, down to Shalini, they brought her out there. Man, oh, man. What a piece of work. And, uh, here's somebody who served in a Clinton cabinet, but she wants to make sure that she doesn't need much. We have to make sure we secure the future for our young people. And we have a better world than they did. But she has to go out and limit, uh, endorse anybody or make any political statement. Great. You want to rely? Why? She doesn't have the balls. I know that problem with the art billboards and the balls. She don't like balls. I bet you there's something else you like, but she don't like balls. Old domicile, anyway. She is pathetic. So anyway, the, but the thing about our fellow most interesting was Chris Matthews asked a crowd and we were quite a few tungstener. You went, uh, who there were supporting? And most of the said we were voting. Well, we'll believe it when we see it. But, uh, and the bush might still got you know, the, what you'd expect to pretty, and a lot of Buying though when those people were screaming me on, and then when they went, how many of you are for Carrie? It was rockets and they were screaming, Carrie. And then Chris Matthews turns to the camera and says, well, it's pretty obvious the president wanted that one. I'm thinking, well, what is that, you know? Tiploneel is turning over to his grave, Chris. What are you talking about? You're simple to knew any of you. And then he had a, who that was on it with the orange hatch? Trying to think of who else was on it. He was asking them these in sip of questions about the, it was so Tony Blair cave in on the British hostage and released the two Iraqi prisoners. And, oh, my, and then no one hatched in any of the, what he was talking about. It was just so embarrassing. It was the worst hour of telling me, and if you know what, nobody watches MSNBC. God. Man, it was pathetic. Bad news, Delarac. Suspected and surgeons lost deadly carbomotax through the impact that killing at least four or five people, including one American, by the way, American soldier. And wounding scores more and operations aimed at Iraqi government targets. Everything's under control, don't you think? That's right, that's schedule. Yep, quickly accomplished. Robby's leasing a major onslaught by the terrorist on Baghdad and some of their Iraqi cities that Iraq interim deputy prime minister, Barham Salais, Speak to the reporters. The attacks came as U.S. military officials noted a record number of carbomotax for the month of September and a radio interview. Defense Secretary Donald Hermann Gering, Rumsfeld, Agnauz, the violence interrac is getting worse. And city expected to increase in the country as elections approach. Most of the casualties occurred in Western Baghdad, where 42 were killed 137 injured. It's a bloodbath. It's a nightmare. We're doing it, baby. We sure want four more years of this, don't we? Right. Anyway, here's the result from yesterday's pool. By the way, nice job, Clarissa, getting back to me with that answer we've known for five days about nice work, baby. You're on top of it. Don't come back again. Here's the appell question. What are you most about the, oh, that's yesterday's pool. Let's write this one, read yesterday's pool results. See, I'm under a lot of stress. And then we got that stupid assed pool and we're in the back on the facemaking. What is that all about? Where did that start today? Well, that European sauna has a known. It just keeps refaxing and I got a bunch of it. Yeah, it's on your end for sure. Okay, just unplug it and un-bug plug it. What are you most most about the 60s? There was a poor question yesterday, 1717 posts. Wasn't born yet, 380, only 22.1%. That's not a very good sign. What else was aging demographic suddenly around you, sure? My youth 29, if we'd have put that under the beginning, that would have won. The music 207, the Beatles, the Beat Boys, the Motown, all these things. Democrats would balls, 179, which leaves out Donner Shalele, or sorry, Donna, sorry we put that on the pool. It's very insensitive and grotesque and disgusting Democrats with balls. The sex, 159. Hippie chicks, 730, white athletes 87. You have back in the 60s, or actually a few of them. But third man. Keep gas A4, the drugs, the drugs 59. A real free press 53. Segregation 52 races bastards out there who at least are honest based on their hostility toward Darkfokes. Jack and Bobby 47. Good radio 45, which we got a very bad story about radio come up momentarily. Very famous personality that everybody knew in love, didn't they? You never even heard of him, did he? No. Pretty much it gas stations 14 and edible fast food 12, which we still know what that means. edible fast food. We have any idea what that means. No. Okay, we got a couple of celebrity deaths that will get to and then of course today's pool in about 5000. So we got some extra time today because they got a big pile today. Do you ready for that? Okay. I am. I got a huge pile. It is so big. My name is just oozing. I wonder how many dumps we had. Because I never get to hear the on ear, but there was last few minutes of the stir and chow there. When are we doing that? Which is Simmons said. I wonder how many times the magic finger does magic finger was like a flipping and a flamp and I would think so. 28 past 10 at 5 60 WQM right now as I speak Armstrong for the homestead, but I like to clear their lots and sell off all remaining O4s on a lot. They are just some of the great deals. And O4F150 pickup. You pay just a buck over invoice. And Armstrong for you. O4s floors you pay just a buck over invoice. Reindeer's crowned face toruses and focuses all waiting for you. Exit $1 over invoice only at Armstrong for the homestead. Plus Armstrong for to offer is more valued with low customers. When you buy a Ford from Armstrong for you get their exclusive tires and batteries for life program. That's right. tires and batteries for life. The value of your arms strong for doesn't even stop there. Because right now they give you a free flow to some pass with any vehicle you be buying. If you press for time Armstrong for those you time is valuable. So call them and shop right over the phone call 305 247 5112. That's 305 2475 1112. They'll even live in that new vehicle right to you. Armstrong for the homestead. They're locally owned and operated at free to just like family and I guarantee you. I bet your car is his life honey. You won't get a better deal on a Ford anywhere. No bait and switch. No full need deals. Unbeatable service and deals waiting for you. At Armstrong for to homestead with 307 25 South-Tix. You're finally just 20. Easy minutes out to the 36. Check them out on the web. Armstrong cars.com. And then travel little and save hundreds. Maybe thousands on your great new Ford only. From Armstrong for to homestead. And now we're still trying to rob your Rogers mornings and we get a spare. And we're so well-dressed to fight. We are. We are God. I have no life. No. Go go go go go go. We're about 10 years too late. Yeah back when things were great. Clinton was president. Okay was innocent. But we could still see friends. And because then gone head. He's really at an internet. And there was no fan dance. Never heard about being locked. Just walked over the bottom of the flag. We met care about what's on. And not about seeing a trend. And all the great news is that it could take your face. Like a wood set from God. No cell phone. No ringtone. No. I promised late all ages before we met. We walked to theouille. There was a lay in the sports that the adventure is. But from love and the fun things were smashing. The fetal's traffic cash in. It's for nothing but pure righteousness. 19. 19. 19. 19. 19. 19. 19. 19. 19. 19. 19. Philos and I like the disagreeable. La Mariah and Whitney. The idea that they beat the pants off Brittany. Give me a break. Is that pathetic? God's don't concur. Anyway, speaking of behind the beaded curtain that we've got Anika Walters at how you say her name? I suppose she's a crowd. Anika Walters, she's a diver, lady diver. Lady grudiver, and she's got her silver medal on there between her bosoms. You had to be decurrens, so take a few if you get that. If you dare. Oh, and the a good nose is, well, let's get to the bed first before the good nose. Let's get this out of the way. You don't even know about this one, I don't think. Is there a road's armstead? Huh? Take, Claudia. You are so far behind the time, Mr. Is there a road's armstead who sent the 1980s dance club hit? It's raining men. It's half of the weather girls is died. Oh, who was? Her age was unknown. Like she don't know why the watch. Armstead, who along with partner Martha Wash, started out as background singers for San Francisco, disco diva silvester before forming the weather girls. That on September 16, there are news that will slow getting around. Of heart failure at a hospital in San Leandro by 20 miles east of San Francisco, Armstead and Wash, who might when they were saying that when they say an exact same gospel group, we're known as the two tons of fun when they say on force of ester albums, including number one club hits, dance, disco heat, and you make me feel nighty real. Actually, in some ester they made three albums as the weather girls before splitting up, and I guess then they kind of were washed up. One of the albums successfully took the 1983 song, it's raining men. Co-written by you'll never believe it. Let me give you a clue. Bald headed band leader, late night TV. Paul Shaffer? Yeah. Looks like a screamer, but he has a wife, you know. Yeah, well, he wrote that song. He wrote that song. Late show band leader Paul Shaffer, which was a number one dance club hit. It's rain and man, but you won't see her no more. I want to show him hand. Another celebrity death, a lot of the New Yorkers out there, who this is of course, puny Scott Unie. New York radio legend Scott Munie has died, officially known as Scott So and the professor of rock and roll. Unie's marathon run in the York began in late 50s, the WMCA hit most recently, been hosting a one hour lunchtime show on WNQ 104.3, Munie was 74. Wow. That's fairly young by a Florida standard, when you say. A little bit, but he wasn't in Florida, maybe that was the problem. What have you and his earliest radio jobs, time in replacing Alan Fried, was that Alan Fraud at WAKR and Aquino Hill, his New Year in New York years included a skitted WABC during. That one is, it's a stand. He was there a long time. And WABC during the onset of Beetlemania, but he was best known for his 31 years at WNWFM or his program director. Munie was credited with turning WNWW one of the country's first progressive rock radio station. Rock, rock, radio station. Let me turn that again. Rock radio stations. The only hosted count of syndicated radio programs in his gravity voice was featured in a rule-age commercial, how do you spell relief as well as in promotional announcements for ABC's Monday Night Football. He survived by Second Life and Five Children, and you'll never guess who I saw in biography again last night. Talk about coincidence. Talk about psychic premonitions. Dave taught us. Right, exactly. Wow. Is that amazing? Oh, what is amazing? I always check on her to top of every hour of onboarded deaths, which I usually am watching TV, and see what they got on there. It's usually something pretty interesting. Even I see that only a few weeks ago, I watched it again just because we were talking about Dave Thomas and Wendy's and how much everybody liked him and admired him and how he didn't graduate high school. And he got his GED from Coconut Creek High and it was a very emotional thing. And he was about to disobey that whole thing about encouraging people to adopt children. It was great. He was a good guy. But he hadn't seen what I didn't realize. And I had forgotten from the first time I saw that. Was that he had a quadruple bypass? He had an oah! A quadruple from eating all that Wendy's. All that fat. See, that's what makes Wendy so good is that their burgers hopefully are making them right the way that Dave Thomas would insist if they make him a tourist to the lab, which he's not. But if they're nice and juicy, because that's what they... Well, that was the thing with Wendy's juicy. Right. Right. And of course, that means that they're fat. They had a higher fat content in the book, or he's showing what he's just like in the dark. Right. So, what's sugar? And he might. Well, it's not to like me. It's me, but it's surely will. Kidney has a viastest and came at first. Oh, man. What I would like to say about pill doctors. You have no idea. Like to spend the whole rest of the show on pill doctors. Because it's the detail man out there. And if you work in industry, we have many of them who listen to this show. You know what's all about? You know, it's like payola. It's the same thing. Right. And they kind of like clamp down a little, but they can't make it quite as fragrant as they used to. But it's still still the trips and the TV sets and all the other stuff. For, you know, our crap and poison your patients killing them because murk and all these other companies Eli Lilly, they want to make a lot of money and bear of course killing as many people as possible would have great drugs. And one of my pill doctors down there, I won't mention many for obvious reasons, but he actually gave me some viax some not too many years ago. Whatever we never were. Taking at home reading the prescription insert and saying, if you have high blood pressure, you take this you're going to die. Something like that. He had in Bob it reading the prescription insert. And so I stopped taking it. Luckily, what's it for? All of our thread is pain. Drug maker, murk and company and outstits immediate voluntary worldwide withdrawal today. If it's our thread is drug viax. Oh my God. Taking viax went and down, toss it out. The White House station New Jersey based drug maker said, and we're up. But that word, I never heard that before. Did you want to do White House station New Jersey? Nope. It must be a toilet. I mean, they mean one thing. But maybe one city New Jersey that isn't a piece of crap, you know? I could only tell you about the safety people. They're like, Angolo de Tentfly. I thought like Newark. Oh, I know what a sewer and tretin. Holy cow. How many white people live in tretin? About 30 minutes. What a place that is, man. And of course, I'd like to sit. Unless you walk outside the casino, you're lucky if you're still alive. If you get to your car, I'll never forget my one trip to the Atlantic city. This is the truth. And this is many years ago, but I'm from what I hear. And ain't no better. And I'm going to casino lose my asses usual. And I walk and I had parked in the apartment garage, you know, if we're parking. And I remember the walk into the parking garage and you know how you see like somebody's a mystery shows and cop shows. And there are always these scenes in parking garages where people are being chased and they're like being hunted down and killed. And it was that feeling, the feeling of death. The feeling of impending to go, Oh, that's true. I couldn't get to my car. My red car fast enough. It was just unbelievable. Anyway, get back to this. The White House Station New Jersey-based drugmaker, Merck, said in a release today that the decision is based on a three-year colon cancer clinical trial, that showed that drug raised the risk of cardiovascular complications. Oh, if patients have been taking the drug beginning after 18 months of the cancer treatment. Shares of Merck felt 21% in free market trading on the I-Net Electronic brokerage, for all you suckers out there that keep gambling your money away. Merck also strives it's for your earnings estimates, and expense viocese with drug, the negatively impacted earnings for sheer by 50 to 60 cents a share. Prior to today's announcement, the company of forecast profit for the four-year between 311-317 a share, the Adi Adi Adi Adi. This is a major blow for Merck because viocese was one of their five key drugs that seem a lung analyst with Catholic financial. The implications of this are now that the company will have to depend on lesser drugs to boost sales. Well, they have to come up with some new poisons to continue poor innocent pastures out there, that your doctors are encouraging right in those prescriptions for like crazy, like candy, like sugar pills. Oh yeah, take this, it's good for you. Now let's see how many trips we're getting for there. You're all a bunch of killers out there, 90% of the doctors belong behind bars. I'm telling you that right-free can now, okay? I don't want to give them a little dramatic about it. Here's today's poll. See that thing about permuggins? I'm not going to waste my time with us. Especially after the day I head yesterday with this place. I don't, I'm a permanent commercial notice. This is an impossible place, K-way-am. That's the, yeah. Huh? That's for crusty. Yeah, I'm extra crusty, that's right. That's for crispy and extra crusty. It's impossible. So I'm just doing the best I can like I do every day doing it for fine job. And that's all we can do on a show. Because we're dealing with a bunch of crazy people who have no chaos, no rough bonus, no way you're going to ask the Chinese say. Here's the poll question that they have to do with an anacol water when a thing between their movies. What are you most most about the 70s? What we did the 60s yesterday in Sean had said, he didn't send me as many choices for the 70s as he did for the 60s. Right. Wasn't born yet? Well, let's see, 79 is about 25 years ago. Okay. So we certainly have some people not too many. We have some on that page. TV cop shows hated by George but loved by most of us. And there were so many. Sex with total strangers, which was very big in the 70s. I don't miss that. Gays still in the, hahahaha. hahahaha. Gays still in the closet. Is it? Or the music? Like disco, which everybody loved but everybody, you know, is afraid to admit. Pretend that although it's back and gone again. Yeah, back and gone again. And in the end, how began? In fact, we already got some votes on a poll. Maybe we'll have some more suggestions about some things from the 70s, which to be honest with you, I don't know if the 70s was really that much of a, the 60s was very descriptive and very right. And like the, and after the 60s, I don't know if any decade is we had all that much, defining, or except maybe the correct decade, whether the motion, all this fashion is in all this other idiotic crap, that decade is dead. Anyway, that 69 votes. What are you most most about the 70s? The music, 25, sex with total strangers 24. What are you some, what are you some pointers? We'll send you a map. Colin Powell's got a map, we'll show you where the action is. Gays still in the closet nine. Wasn't born yet seven and TV cop shows for it. I got to be some more choices for that. When you think? Let's be. How many QA in hello? You forgot T-Mector trading. Oh, wait a minute. Wait a minute. On Channel 6 right now, you have to, but always the code about, maybe my final 6 right now. A year or two years of training, that inside of you, he loved about, like, a group of people, called puppy racers of the day. You know the boys. They've been dogged. And then they, he's there with his senior, and they're working on, you know, not like, land. And I get to go on. Man. You have to be there. So I've ordered it today. I have always said, and this is the, this is the F-ing truth. You could leave that town for 20 years. Maybe even. And come back in the same trolls, the same misfits, the same pains in the end. The same old cronics are still around. You know, it's Bob Prunstein, blind Mike and of course, Chile asked Gilbert, and all of the same old tired. Oh my god, my boy. You would love his beautiful black lab. You're about, I don't know anything about Mike. I'm not sure. Because my, my, my, my. That is disgusting. WQA, hello. Hey, how are you today? Okay, sir. Hey, did you see the 4k 400 list today of the company? No. Well, if you look through it, you'll see Chevron and all these others. Just just the first one I looked at with Chevron. He did like $38 billion in retro. Well, try and make it. I'm sure it's pleased you're that. Yeah, and that 9 billion net profit. All right. I can't think that's out there. I'm a 4k and I'm still in a profit. Cut our cost of gas is out. Hey, listen, just spend over an enjoy a man. You got to buddy by. That's it. That's right. Just put your more Howard David. It okay. Put your pants down. Your ankles. Bend over and put a big smile on your face. That's all I can tell you. Record profits. Yeah, but we got these problems over there in an idea. We got these problems over in a here and there. Any rocky pipeline. They keep blowing up and all of this other crap. And I mean, time they're making record profits. They are waiving the public. They're everybody's world companies just absolutely sticking it with a Mundo on China. And I'm talking about that gas hose either. I'm talking about well. Oh, speaking of that. Statue of Jesus watches up in Texas. How do you like that? Oh, my God. Monterey Metacro is all like that. He's all washed up for Jesus. Well, you know something based on that Mel Gibson movie. I think he could use it with bad. He is great. Wash something at off here. Will you please? Can you imagine what they smell like back in that day? I don't want to imagine. Maybe we haven't talked a lot about people being offended by people who stink. We're there a lot of my I have no I just have no room in my life for people that smell bad. There's no excuse for it. But back in that day when the before they had like really the orderment. And you know, aqua velle, all smell. Or old spice for people would notice whatsoever. Anybody that wears old spice. Anybody that wears old spice to be shot. Anybody that's got a cell phone and using it out in public should be shot. Can you imagine that we could be creases surplus population real fast? Or a fiberglass statue of Jesus that washed up on a sandbar when the real grandfrey weeks ago is attracting scores at about pilgrims to a police department. Loss and found and being held as a miracle. It's kind of like my show up here this morning after yesterday. It's a miracle. Police in eagle past Texas said up to 40 people there coming to pay homage to the five foot tall figurine known as the Christ of the undocumented. Which was found by the West Border Patrol, a Vincent de River, a Christ of the undocumented. Okay. Hey. Open mess around with Jesus, baby. Jesus Christ. Some come to play and some come just to touch it. Really? Well that's why I'm off to that. He sends some good arm to me. He's to pray. And some good arm to me. Just at police Lieutenant Daniel Marala said by telephone on Monday. We have never experienced anything like this before. The secret is growing by the day. I mean this is going to put that Totino's pizza with a picture of the Virgin Mary on it to shame. And of course, Poir Rosa Lopez, the 13th of the month passed and we didn't even have a news about Rosa Lopez in Hollywood and the Virgin Mary making her monthly visit. The border city of Monterey, which lies opposite P. Edgar S. Negroes in Northern Mexico, has a large Mexican community. Although this is eagle past Texas excuse me. Many arrived illegally by way of the River in most are devout a Roman Catholic. They said they were going to take it or you need to know. They got all their feeds and their chockeys. Marala said they like lifestyle to it, which turned up with a, when I was a crucifix base, would probably be given to a church in the border city if no one came forward to claim it within 90 days. Well I think somebody ought to go down there to eagle past Texas and claim that the statue of Christ of the undocumented. That'd be worse than some of you think. Well maybe I go down to the right now. I don't think we got to be debating on a clock tonight. All the talking head networks are going to be televised. If they commercial networks are going to be televised and we're already being told ahead of time. It's going to be this. It's going to be that. Carey's going to be good. He's going to be bad. Bush is going to be. Yeah. And it's going to be nothing. It's really what it's going to be. But I'll get to that little bit by why the debate is just a joke. In fact, every Burmese got a really great calm debunking the debates. The whole format precludes any possibility of any meaningful exchanges or anybody really learning anything because once again, the Democrats ruled over and just spread their ideas and said, OK, have a good time. What it came to setting up the format for these debates. The finalists week lay mass democratic party. They're just poor Dona Shalaila man. She was born in the wrong era. She should have been born right about now because all those days when people had balls especially Democrats, they're gone. She wouldn't have had a worry about it. But she was back. She was doing her thing back in the 60s and 70s. And of course, I'm not really sure what it was she was doing. But I think I got a pretty good idea. Donna. Her thing. Her thing. Yeah. Nobody else would. Once again, pay for that provision. Here's some good news. I don't want to hear a whole bunch of bad news. Here's some good news today. All right. A key part of the Patriot Act, a central plank of the Bush administration's war on terror was ruled unconstitutional by a federal judge yesterday. The latest blow to U.S. security policies. U.S. districts, you're on to Victor Marale, ruled in favor of the American Civil Liberties Union, the ACL and you, which challenged the poverty if we are has to demand confidential financial records from companies that can obtain without court approval as part of terrorism investigations. The legislation bars companies and other recipients of these subpoenas from ever revealing that they received the FBI demand for records. Marale held at this permanent ban was a violation of free speech rights. Remember what those were? No. Free speech rights. What back in the day was really great when we had free speech? That was before the era of the Bush mice, to be sure that new Nazis came back. The new Nazis, whatever the hell they are, the new O'a-Kans. In his ruling, Marale provided the Department of Justice Net via, a permission to bring special administrative subpoenas known as National Security letters, but he delayed enforcement of the judgment pending and expected a PO by the government to department just to set it with reviewing the ruling. The ruling was the latest blow to the Bush administration's anti-terrorism policies, and jointly, Western Green Corps ruled a terrorist suspect being held in U.S. facilities like Guantanamo Bay Cuba can use the American judicial system to challenge their confinement. And ruling was at the feet for the presence of certain sweeping powers to hold enemy combatants indefinitely after the 9-level attack. sweeping powers, I'm in charge here, you know, I'm the sir Gustavn. It's kind of strange here that when proper Texas talking like that, heavy German excellence. You all? Here is the greatest story of my lifetime right now, even better than Mike Lance being on Channel 6 with Little Body Mayor. This is the best New York Daily News reports. Oh, this is so sweet. When you're Republican candidate Alan Keys, Paulier than now, the Bible thumper of the whole bunch, man. He makes Bush locally an atheist. This time running for the U.S. Senate and C. N. Illinois only training by about 150 points against Barack Obama has made a crystal clear that he has no use for gay people. He's recently transbiased presidential daughter Mary Cheney and about lesbian is a selfish hedonist after claiming that gay marriages based simply on the premise of selfish hedonism, so what came is no small arid yesterday. Oh, this story, I'm going to squeeze my kneecaps. I'm just so excited about this because it's always the case. What about always told us audience? The people who point the fingers the most check them out immediately. Look, over that scholar, I don't want to be 8,000 of skeletons popping out. There's two right there. It came is no small arid yesterday when a cluster of political websites including the well-known blog, www.wonquet.com suggested that Keys 19 year old daughter Maya has herself come out as a lesbian. How do you like that? Do you have an answer? What appears to be my of keys own personal blog chronicling life as the lesbian daughter of a perfect social concern. That's a pretty good example. I'm just a little piece of we got to get in Sherlock Holmes stories of your say. Poor guy. He lies. She writes he has been campaigning around the clock to make sure that people like ears truly will never be able to enjoy the same benefits he already has. The apparent keys blog space. Sometimes I cannot believe them related to this man. Taha, though I'm sure he feels the same way about me. Ha ha. Yesterday Keys campaign press secretary Connie here told me that the candidate would have no comment until he personally and publicly addressed the issue which he'd find a do during a campaign of her and slash another method is church in Grobe, Illinois. All I'm doing is passing that information here added it's my ta-o-shh. Afterwards we got about the short hairs. That is something. Our Maya Keys couldn't be reached for comedy yesterday but an apparent excerpt of her web journal posted on the dailycast.com site right, reads, I was out at lunch at Chilies on my dad and his aid and our adorable gay waiter stopped me. Well, I was coming out of the bathroom to say how much he liked my bright rainbow bracelets. He then told me he understood how hard it could be being queer when a concerto family and I shouldn't hang in there. Then again today in Naperville some random queer boy in passing shook my hand until me that lots of us are pulling for your beast wrong be proud. G-O-Fee support a Patrick Ross present based Chicago chapter of the Law of Cabin self-hating a Fag Republicans told me yesterday, if these statements regarding Gays and Lesbians by keys have been hurtful and painful to Illinois Gays and Lesbians and their families, we strongly oppose Allen key Senate candidacy. The dailycast site meanwhile noted that if this is a hoax in a very well could be, it's a pretty good one. So we got to check that out. You think it's a hoax? No. But we don't know for sure. No. In fact, when you think you ought to be checking that out daily kos.com, okay? Well, I'm sitting here doing a radio show. Maybe they checked that out when in that. Just let's see if we can follow through because if it turns out to be, I would say it's like about 95% based on this in New York Daily News. But if it turns out to be 100% or maybe even 110% accurate, what an embarrassing man. And once again, you know, just like Dick in a candy and a linchini with her with her lesbian novels that he wrote back in 80s, oh, give me a break already. Are you a phony baloney's man? You finger pointing Bible thumbing jackholes man? You're a bunch of idiots. I have no space in my life or idiots anymore. Parents. By the way, he come back in with an info. Oh, hey. You know, there's some people who got it. And there's some people who not only don't have it, but he never going to give it. I just mentioned that in passing. There's something random thoughts of a sick twisted mind. How's that pull coming? 126 votes. What do you miss most about this 70s? Sex with total strangers 46. I'm music 43, like the doors and disco and what else? Are that good, Ron? Like, like, well, the stones were still going on. The guests who were still going on, you know, like, you know, like, yeah, you know, carries over for the 60s. Okay, the music 43, Gaze still in the closet 14, wasn't born yet 13. TV captures 10 out of the 1, 1206 vote. 56 if you end the schedule looks like this. Do you manage it, too? Hey, Goldberg for a clock. Don't push back. Hopefully for more than a couple of weeks this time. Hopper from 4630, Marlon's on deck at 6th, 30, Marlon's at the fillets 705 and Josh Cortis at 90 yesterday. I tried to say that I believed and very strong in for once in my life. I was right. That was the last game in Montreal, Explosive Home Mystery, at least for the time being. Yeah, and they closed with the men. They closed on a road. So that was the last home game of the season and last game ever. Montreal is to get new team with same height. A couple of years because they keep doing that over and over again. Make the same mistakes like in hockey. Here's this piece of copy by the way that's got the last part of it. Missing in tries to refer refuses, adamantly new updated and corrected and do anything about it. Even though we don't need this help, from this, I just mentioned it in passing. As part of a Schlock ambiance of QAM. If you find yourself looking in the mirror and thinking maybe you could be doing a lot better. If you took care of that hair loss, if you didn't look like a walking bowling ball, then get to that phone right now and call a best in the business. My good buddy, Chuck Alfieri. Charlie's been helping the famous and not so famous. Look, they're best row, we're 25 years. It's his here. But this copy's five years old, so now I would say it's probably more like a third man. Right. But you wouldn't even know his work when you see it because Charlie created the best most natural looking system in the business. The most critically area of any her system like I've told you for years is the hairline and Charlie's skin like hair systems is 100%. On detectable. The hair looks like it's grown right on your scalp as opposed to a farm animal done on your head. Charlie, his work is guaranteed. Tri-system for 30 days for about a month. But third man. After a month or your left away, looks and feels and smells this, we turn and get your money back. No obligation at all. Make that call today. Tell Charlie you heard about it here on the New York. Your show gets your special $200 Q and this time off the regular $800 price of the natural hereline system. The secret to a great her system is make sure nobody can tell you where I want to Charlie's new skin like hair system is as natural as it gets. So look better and hell of a longer, younger and longer than you ever dreamed you could again maybe even get a little action for once. Call toll free $800 3212413. That's $800. I just pause there because that's where it ends. $3212413 around the wicked web is www.trialsofferie.com. This is crucially $16. And a lollipop little boy. Here. If you walk in the board room, you sit and sit in his leather chair. He's got $5,000. $3212413. And $3212413. And $3212413. So I'm tired of my show. This is about to expire. When your little child is in your fire, you can't even touch. I sit and I just stand. This is so new. This gonna take a touch ride. You say you feel better than but you know who you're alive. Because we all know to see your tired. So I'm tired. $2212413. So I'm tired. I'm tired. You are so tired. I can't move. Get out of here. You're tired. You're so fun. $3212413. $3212413. $32113. You have happy Thursday through the sun and shadow. The birds are dropping. Big ones all over the place. Yeah, something. Okay. I'm trying to think of a good morning. There's nothing to put your thumb on. There's nothing to complain about. The intellectual capacity there. Because it's not existing. Although it was pretty good. It's not over. It's not over. It's not over. It's not over. It's not over. It's not over. It's not over. It's not over. It's not over. It's not over. It's not over. It's not over. It's not over. It's not over. It's not over. It's not over. It's not over. It's not over. It's not over. It's lightning. You got daily cost.com. I got it then. Good. I think we got some time to get a few calls in here today. We don't have to be like, so pressure packed as we are most days. That was quite a route awakening this morning. Twenty pounds ten a year ago. And I tried to score this because we know it. Stand by, which other than sheep and stem. There's basically just two staples in his repertoire. It's going to be extensive baseball knowledge. Yeah, we must see knows the course so much about baseball and about. call him about the, if I understand the comes are going to win the World Series this year, is that true? No. Then looks like they're going to make the play off, see there, but nevertheless, I still think they're going to win the World Series. And listen, just because you made a few mistakes on your George's picking on you, who'd have a C to be picking on your sports knowledge, although he doesn't know a little bit more. Oh, which is not there. That was a shot. Five six seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on you, Verizon, and singular wireless line. Now let me know what parents comes back in here with that little scrap of paper without that information on it. Okay. Yeah. WQAM, hello. Pretty good, pal. Two big things, for a clear poll, right? You said it's the last half of us. Or what we did from the seven these is your real freedom of rights and seek. We already had that in the 60s. Let's not just repeat all the same ones. Okay, next. Okay. You've got to see the Oprah show the other night. Oh, so I was just trying to get into the, uh, the first. You're getting into a phone, bro. Carlos, when you're going to afford a real phone. I mean, all those tons of you, I'm a croster, spoiled rich branch anyway, but they had real phones. You're going to real cell phone at worst because you're running doubt coming out. I can't handle it. Can you handle that? No. No. No. But, for a don't mention. But anyway, hey, that great new piece of equipment, I'm just saying really sounds good. I didn't notice my fan anything to say about that this morning. Because we have other fish to fry going out in that place, like maybe somebody getting paid. So you realize tomorrow's going to be a week. And they don't, they don't seem to get it. They seem to know, well, gee, here he goes again. Be the real bastard. Oh, gee. You're on that deal again. Yeah. I'm hard at. I swear to get paid. Like, we've been, we've been a couple of days of paid. It wouldn't be all that bad, you know, but watch it. It's going to be the only one. It starts going to be a little bit tiring when they just don't get the message in the anyway, but they're busy. They got budget meetings, they're like, Greg's house. They're doing important stuff. Okay. I think they're having a cluster of something over there. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5. I said, no, you're like them. P can clusters. You heard it. W Q and hello. Well, let's say, hmm. Q I M. A. Now. That's Poppycock. Yes, sir. Is this German German? No, it's not. Okay. I wrote the show. I really have nothing to say, but thank you. Okay. Great call. That's it. No, no, seriously. Can I see this? Do it. Do it. Have we in a long time? Other than maybe for a few minutes here and here, because I take calls fast. Oh, there's that phone ringing again. I think. Well, now the other phone is ringing. The you wrote. You hold me that. No, my real phone is ringing. Now this thing is all kinds of stuff going on. Here's like almost as much busy as the rumors house. But what's I just starting to say about that calm? Oh, yeah. Can you imagine being that lifeless? I have no right. I mean, we don't have a shortage of calls. Okay. We don't have that much time for calls. I got 4,000 very important bedtime stories, especially on the day of the debates that I want to pass along. Like Cuba goes on the electricity diet. That's next. Oh, a whole bunch of good stuff. But, you know, so I thank you so much for that. You've heard of this in your very best, but if that's your very best, keep it. Oh, that was great. It was good. You're right. WQAM Hello. Now maybe this is his best to be. I think that was it. WQAM Hello. There's their best. I'll make you in. Let's see what this one's got. Hello. Hey, Neal, for your poll. I've been to cars with a 70 to muscle cars. Muscle cars. Excellent. Hey, I'll go. I just passed the restaurant called most South South Miami and the other day to sign it. Does most those burritos. I think most got to do it. Yeah. No, I'm probably not a bad idea. Okay. Thanks, Bally. Hey, listen, don't be knocking old mo. Even though he deserves it. But there's a guy. Oh, he had a good lawyer. Yeah. You won't be sitting on his ass. We're going to have collect and check. Do nothing except the dolphin games, which he gives paid separate for that. See, I know this comes as a shot clearance, but those of us who tour on this and say, people don't turn into hear the Clarence Dero Show or Reg Rejo or the water not teach how although that might be kind of interesting. But they tune into hear us and on pay day, we actually expect to get paid once in a while. So that's not like a revolutionary thing. It's not being a pain in the ass. Especially when somebody already said, okay, well, if it's going to be a there, too, it made a mistake. Yeah, I'll put that one to get to be the checkers in the mail routine day after day after day. Then people do give a little bit of holistic like yesterday, man. One of the worst days in history of my freaking ugly old life. Man, what is wrong with that place? And then they always try to turn around. Oh, there he goes again. Be the payday. Yeah, you can just feel it. You'll turn it around. Maybe he likes to turn it around. Got from what I'm hearing. Join me. We got that muscle cars on there. Drums yet. Great. Join QAM tonight from 6 to APM at Bonfish Max. Located, I wonder if that's Kim liked a Johnny and Mac by the railroad track. Bonfish Max, locate them in the corner of sample in federal and lighthouse. Point stop by registered one trip to the things that's gained into New York, wind prices from the QM two days and enjoy specials on Worst Honor Beer. What that sounds like one of them. Gustave. I like that said that delicious, great Worst Honor Beer. I never heard of that before. Did you? Only on our commercials. I see. Well, I'll have to check it out. Maybe they're bringing a few cases for you. They will. You can drink it during your work. I'm a refrigerator right here. I will drink it and sold it. Here's one that says what I missed most about the 70s is the dolphins when they were actually good. And what's you take on Montreal fans? Are you going to ask your honor out of them? Frogs? Why don't you grow up already? People worried about the Montreal fans doing this? They're a bunch of pigs. Okay. What do you expect? They're throwing craft. They're bullying their team. They're bullying the marlins. They're just a bunch of crab. They got a great city there. It's beautiful with a great restaurant Montreal. Just ignore the people. Protected out there. Just look how much it's you. I am. We got a big audience to make the money hand over double fist. But you just pretend that somebody sees a lot of things. They're like most of them. That's the way we survive. Okay. So forget about craft like that. We're about important stuff. Like that. The beta night. The intellectual you have had campus in more than Gables. Maybe with that dot and her shellily. Boy, she's something else or what? Guy. Line nine. WQA and hello. Neil. Yes sir. Neil, I used to listen to you long time ago going down to Miami and I found your website today. This is a dream come true. What do you mean? I had no clue. I was getting overdosed. All it once here. Oh, about that. Well, the tremendous promotion we do. How can you miss it? Okay. Thanks a lot. Tell me. Welcome back. Okay. That was it. That's scary though. I mean, it's not a secret. What's on the secret? That you're on and you haven't been moving around at least not the day part part. No. Well, I mean, a little bit. Little bit. Not again. Anyway, here's the idea on a pool. We had to do muscle cars. I don't know. Because a lot of the same things are the 60s. We don't want to just keep that in free speech or free press. Yeah. That's a lot of the dolphins. The gesture was good. The dolphins. Good. The dolphins. The dolphins. The dolphins. The great dolphin years. How's that? We remember the dolphin years. That's good. Two tamponships, two superables. Seventeen and oh, the great dolphin years. Let's get that on there. I bet you're a lot of dolphins are really. See, you can't live in a pass forever. It's like to make believes, man. It's like the hand of the water with it. Somebody to win over at Henderson, you know, that's 32 freaking years ago. Okay. And I make believes with a, you know, Bobby Bonskors, on a broken ankle and the Johnny Bowers is this and Red Kelly did that. That's a practice of how much it's a baby key on to this. Well, that's 150 years ago for a clown ally. What are they definitely anything now? It's very sad when he got sports franchise with a fans have to live by curishly in the past. And in some cases, even before they were born, stories told by mommy and daddy, Oh, by the way, by the way our team used to be great back in the day and now they sucked but once upon a time what a shame about that hockey scene huh no you know what we ought to do because there's so many people down there missing their hockey from our cost board and spend one of the better league forwards and think of consistency to part of it and last week we can gain 3 points we had a 7-8 point street open last night all what a shame mark anyway yeah put some of those old league games on there so that the people that are missing their dose of hockey there's marry all the new when it was old ugly penguin uniforms what was ridiculous or what 42 games street 90 points for the penguins back when they really had a team back when marry was actually playing more than once every 50 games and the third period at his bob cool back before he turned 95 years old anyway 11 13 at five 60 WQM I've been telling you for a while while you need to show up in 1800 my first hour wanted to tell you even more even more that on my first even more dot dot dot dot dot dot on my first is probably curious cd posture feedback the number one brand in that fris is called 1800 mattress today and you'll get factory devices on all cd parks your p-nicks when you call 1800 mattress you'll get sand it'll every all across out Florida by calling 1800 mattress you'll choose from the deepest and water selection cd betting all available for sand it'll every and you still get to pick that tour window and convenient for you you picked the big time for delivery to fit your schedule and dollar macros shows up on time 99.7% of the time on and fact that's even better percentage of my chest shows up by about 30 points dollar macros is ranked number one in customer satisfaction we're winners of the 2004 better business bureau local torts of excellence award everybody around here including me having used these folks for years is called at number to get your beds if you want to waste a lot of money in time and gas by all means go to those bedding department stores that are over price and helping paper that big fat overhead but if you want to mess deal all the way around just to write their your fat ass reach over and pick up that phone and give them a call to vial macros right now they'll be there whenever you want call 1800 mattress 1800 ma ttr es or online it's macros.com so fat rich reminds me of my mother and as an all right to learn five sixty w two and I just want to clarify one thing because I forgot that the adult game is a home game at pp park this week yeah so the stick about registered to win trip to the fringes jets game that's not this game is weekend it's the game up in the europe okay okay i'd like to mention that because that's what it says at least that's what it says here when it trip to the fringes i mean when it trip to a pro player stating would not be like a big deal and by the way what are they gonna be in a statement for business that's still in business wouldn't be nice all your piggy are you all the way that they're playing and would be if wants to their arm probably there are no businesses that one like pay in fact they probably would pay them to keep their name off to the city is quite blow players stadium then up and below sponsored by blow pens cuba goes on electricity diet cuba wins denied announced measures to cope with its prolonged energy crisis with national off put down to 54 percent of an estimate in residents of an experiencing daily outage is a five hours a more since august those blackouts announced vins president well vins vice president Carlos lagae will now be institutionalized throughout the island he's the vins president but he wore that the steps are being taken not to reduce the current blackouts but to prevent even more favors in electricity supply appearing on state run television along with president fiddle caster when specialist from the energy sector lagae riddleist of power saving steps that include the closing for least a month of 118 industrial installations among them of an important on pionadiasero steel mill and the arcanista cement plan oh yeah that's my favorite effect a lot of times you have behind your arcanistas and trucks and it's always a hoot also from now on retail stores will close their doors at 7 p.m. state owned entities will reduce after hour security lighting to a minimum and air conditions will be turned off in most government offices in factories during the peak hours of 118 to 1 p.m. and 7 11 p.m. two of the new measures will be felt by everyone daily nationwide rolling blackouts and the keeping of daylight savings time this winter which i always have been in favor of that why don't we do that here i hate and in fact isn't that pretty soon the last Sunday in October yeah hate standard time i despise it god the alson's cap of summer bad news for ordinary humans already feeding the prince wrote by president bush's harsh new measures that limit family visits to once every three years in restrict cash remittances back to home of back home all you who you are there thinking about him butch again there's just one more good reason to get his ass out of there punishing and torturing the people which is what we do best you know torture the civilians just like all those people out ahead in the first or again about another all the attacks in a racking and all the innocent people dying they were to sit together and the capital by the capitalization baby that's the way it works the best you will be free once they chop your head off let's say blow your estimates you will be free what they should of the tactics all the corporate time steve weasel fashes and says all cities new jersey are not toilets be on and you're in the city are the armpits of america be on is the left arm pitchersy city is the right let's see and presidential very well three of charred because this wants to come to make a lot of shane okay whatever i think said okay don't be picking on hank okay so there's the acubes to ask for what it's worth which ain't much see the 70s to me were like I mean yeah we were fine and they're all way they're sure is how better than right now by a long long shot but uh not nearly as descriptive as the sixties even the fifties which we're not going to do because that requires real old parts like me but even the fifties are pretty good compared to what we got now i mean you're a little on the boring side yeah that's what my co-ed ovens russ russ russ five than those best you know i mean what's russ russ storm for tv channels what's russ Allen lutton before password love you miss most about the 70s that's our full question they on the rouges uh come after you perus and a co-waltre the diver and her metal actually's got between her boobies can we say boobies on the things are between her f***s 249 votes sex with total stranger speaking about 82 the music 75 if you didn't get a chance to ask that it proves our website to see that incredible video hall man we got our own debate on here forget about that one tonight this one beats advised in miles the music 75 games still in the closet 34 yeah we know our price back then wasn't born yet 26 that's 10 to 04 percent in the park behind the bar right tv capture was 19 muscle cars seven and the great often years we just put that on her scots six already that's going to go zooming up the list from all the frustrated doll fans out there who are really pissed up and fired off come to qayan ho yeah sure but there's the i think about the 70s from really thinking correct show all in the family okay okay and another thing journals on two fairs listen to him b rating Troy striper for for stealing his singing part in the commercial clocky about uh error on the clock around the clock to the rate in striper say he's told that i didn't get a original idea that everything pretty funny now i'm okay there's a except what he does that spot thanks a lot of family except what he does there around the i just can't handle it although i do like here around the clock i use them all the time's matter fight to do my stuff now was i just seen before that it was so you can also look at all the appliances one error on the clock no before that i was not having extraordinarily significant on all this guy said about the 70s and what was it all of the family all in the family see and where we're just we're just happening around too much for my old people might know i got a lot of i'm concentrate and concentrate and not and debate tonight man in coral hevels in order to tremendously sponsor get on that holy moly holy macro we got john kerry and help president a George W. Bush w the bush mister they had Nazi in chief there's bad of Mary not he neocons and this could be the turning point that i disdays the big one it keeps raising his expectations even though the format is as state was last year's a matter when he oh this is a long piece you know i better i better start another is on a befineship how about a short one let's you're on a short one how about a short beer all right short piece about a half an inch out of thumbnail the outrage that daily outrage every brimming rights in the nation for the nation's damn good you know you don't have to buy the magazine because all of it's not online right on debunking the debates conventional wisdom tells us that three presidential debates especially the first one tonight present the best last chance for john theory to re-infigure his battered campaign the debates potential to affect the outcome unbeaconied right myself the best spot i've seen was the one i don't know what the organization is that sponsors it about the Saudis about the bush connection right Saudi world family and they show bush hand in hand with uh... band our bush and they show this nineteen uh... attackers and i love it fifteen of the more salami's it's a great spot man issue right at a minute times between out election day it says the debates potential of fact the outcome of a close election cannot be overstated but the processes become far more scripted than most people think for the first time ever the highly secret of commissioner presidential debates released a 32 page member random of understanding hammered out by the negotiating teams that i've had a democratic operative and in Jordan and long time bush picture james baker in a verdens your name used to talk about uh... chicks with the bill for the well the right i remember before the spinoons kick in the commission aims to manufacture consent down play controversy and side step to our confrontation instead of a two debate related witness a ninety minute interview with the two candidates it's spectacle not spot navy the counts here's a sampling of the more pathetic rules now the film footage of your video footage your any audio experts from the uh... except some of the base maybe you publicly by either candidates campaign for any means translation you want to any bush groups in the next carrier the candidates may not ask each other the request for may ask for two or three questions translation who among us does not love nascar at no time doing his debate early to candidate move from the designated area behind the respective podiums translation carry looks even more robotic there will be no tb cutaways any candidate was not responding to a question while other candidates answering question translation the commission says they will not enforce this rule and said fox news is telecasting the first debate for the major news networks and will not follow outside restrictions no joke additional rules for a second time hold a date the audience members should not ask follow up questions otherwise participate in the state of discussion and the audience members microphone shall be turned off after he or she completes asking the question translation candidates can free the dollar jobs of questions prior to the start of the debate the audience members will be asked to submit their questions and writing to the moderator the moderator of further review the questions and eliminate any questions that's a moderator deems inappropriate translation no question about how a burden and rano sama abogreb uh... fair and height nine eleven bush's national guard service the drafted said what's up abogreb right away if any audience member poses a question to make a statement that's in any material by different than the question the audience members have been in the moderator for review the moderator will cut off the question or advise the audience that such number of questions are not permitted translation nice try Michael Moore the debate will take place before a live audience in between a hundred and fifty persons of our soft supporters of bush or soft carries supporters translation forget the independent on the side of its wing voters and gallops your high responsibility for selecting the nationally demographically represented group of voters translation gallops pulling this year has consistently over sampled in favor of republicans for a sense of real rots of woodman's country on five sixty sixty a few and to power the norm cover over this performance by the government that the black returns to NBC today's day in a brand new company a rose a jay look hi Monica hi Rachel a few who's a good looking too he's all by himself it's a legendary friend that is it gone so remember one again and nobody else can I get another drink yeah we're talking about a lot of things for me and all my friends right one not a comment off world okay but we'll bring six short tell us that we're going to be a legendary friend only on NBC never can't imagine what it will do without friends who is this brother the uh... would know chin and a big mouth who looks like senior wensis could be more still a side senior wensis this bitch on uh... over the whole city and i don't know what the other the donkey face that looks that's supposedly covering the bush campaign man what a perfect match right now as we speak speaking of a broads i'm uh... pretty much another story about the rumor about lmk's lesbian daughter i'm trying to find as much info as i'm scouring man do we got it says a month ago bombastic u.s. and i'm an elim keys responded to a question from radio torchro host by saying that gays were all living in sin and selfish hedonist and answered that he and included the lesbian daughter vice president dictanyan at description in fact he's quickly denounces gays on the campaign trail however turns out that he's only nineteen year old daughter might as an outless bianne now before everyone gets worked up about violations of privacy or that a candidate families off limits you should note that my a keys toast out herself online also i didn't report this story until a few of the other strikes covered it so i'm not doing the outing my as featured in a family photo and on the keys campaign site and frequently campaigns with her father although my a bride and her own block site that's usually wears a bunch of v-pryed rainbow bracelets by doing so probably just a pince off daddy the chicago political blog modern vertebraid first discovered my as own block site connected to that's the postings by her on the campaign site they use the same email address how do you like that uh another homophobic a lesbian daughter oh it's just so sweet speaking a sweet run regent junior was on the other last night she was pretty sweet he's doing a good job there run regent junior in fact if uh if we could just make him the ventriloquist rejoin theory he says all right things you know just like this casinic all the little forpie guys they say all the right things separate maybe bill we're gonna step on him let's step on that he balance in this all the hell here's this story neena think or nicky think or some red thing maybe it's uh what's a name from uh from her two-tail run a wolf think nicky think writes when might turns right dolly g-e why big medius pro bush this is in the early times on any given day the major tv networks were having demonstrate good judgment much less morality when it comes to accepting a litany of nauseating hamroid creams vaginal ointments erectile dysfunction army recruiting as the portray wars a g-wiz video game kfc's claim that fried chicken is a new health food unless we forget but lights farting horse during a super bowl we give you some no sounds but we can do it but as for the October 5th release of the new fern high nine 11 dbd now that makes big media gag elli wickly is learned that cbs and bc and abc all refue is fern high nine eleven dbd advertising any of the networks news program executives at so many pictures they've distributed the movie for the home entertainment market were stunned and even more shot when a three-never to explain why they said explicitly they were reluctant because of the closeness of the release of the election all three never said no one in so many insider explains there was certainly a judgment that so many disagreees with and is in the process of protesting during the process and protests only did micro-littany one time Pearson publishing executive is now chairman of cnc your so many pictures entertainment has probably told people as you see anything like this since his penguin group published solid rush these satanic verses what especially got the so many suits was this the number said no problem having dbd as if you're in the entertainment show so long as the guidelines for our rated content like fair night nine limor follow however so an executive told elli wickly they wanted only a market to movies dbd on cbs and bc's abc's new shows but all three never said no-destrade news once so an executive explained then suddenly the networks were studying the definition of news program and include the news magazines and the morning news shows and restricted the access to those as well that becomes very problematic to many advertisers trying to reach an adult audience finally this week so many protests starting have an effect we're now getting some movement a Sony suit hold a weekly Monday night so many corporate senior vice president Susan tick claim to they should little ticked off claim to his day the initial ban on the morning news show was lifted and time on mbc date line has been made available but she also confirmed that the early evening news shows are still her boton and may be still the sea still remains adamant that the dbd cannot be advertised on his prime time live meanwhile the dbd had status on the other works news show is murky at best so many exact emphasized that fox was not part of this cabal apparently because no fair and high nine 11 dbd ads were planned there anyway haha haha haha haha haha haha oh just when we think big media is handling of the selection can't get any worse something like this comes along we realize the situation is totally whack for all the hundreds of thousands of words brought cast in written about so-called rather gate the news of Sony gate hasn't received any attention at all yet here's more biolizing in our throats as big media does yet another favor for w and at the very least the never smashed to the lay for night nine 11's dbd answer several weeks by claiming they had to consult the attorneys to make sure the adchdon fall under the fc rules governing election and communications a bunch of laughable who we expect they can sit in the armanas of attorneys already on that were payrolls keeping the election permission and speaking of lawyers how interesting that big media spent so much time spanking or worse ignoring kitty kelly's new to release the family that there is to criticize the bushes when by contrast the never stole all of themselves basically promoting the bg's out of that swift book of have truths and full eyes on fit for command as if in some parallel universe the lawyers for kelly's publisher do they random house our inferior to those of swathes regularly publishing where is the level playing field cognitive synonygons of the big media there was in exaggeration the state that the never sent crazy look like they're doing everything possible to help draw a judge's w and reelection at least that by the old conjures some of redstone had the balls to come out this weekend and say what everyone already knows is true there's been comment upon my contribution to democrats are senator kiri senator kiri is a good man i've known for many years but it just happens that i vote for vye calm by calm is my life and i do believe that a republican administration is better for media companies than a democratic one like da who us but w and is fc frown posse led by michael pal is never gonna meet one media merger after another made in like and we turn for all that conblamourian consolidation all big rock has to have to do is for over minor fines whenever they deflower the version ears and eyes of the public and with more money to spend on political and selection year hell every election year the republicans are helping big media climb out of their recession caused red ink as rock cast again cable reported this month and spending in markets across the country is thought to down this year but thanks to all those g op attack as against kiri and his own spots to defend against him as spending especially in the battleground states is true the roof up 14 or 15 percent and it goes on salong article on our website when might turns right g o e y big media's pro bush good i get the freaking truth on a american media i'll tell you that right now do i mean to tell you that right now tell it maybe i'll tell you that later all right what do you miss most about the seventies that's our poll question for you just turn back or clock the hands of time before bush one and bush two and uh... her bond hearing all of us crap although christ back in the seventies that was rump fell chicken hands with the sottom and that famous picture a lot of the most important chemical and biological weapons whatever you want baby three hundred nineteen votes what he missed most about the seventy six with total strangers ninety nine the music eighty seven gays still a closet thirty seven wasn't born yet thirty three that's ten percent TV captures twenty six like cannon and Hawaii five oh and manics and uh... streets of San Francisco man or some ratios even though you know much of the great dog of your 18 muscle car seventeen and clay aludes has got a pair this is the new rangers and and which worries yellow k is no longer available on rents a kiri and discovered many house wise would links to al guide i'm star-pile dunk in line yellow gate even directed the huge by john ash graph all house wise that are not registered republican will be rounded up and so merely rate under presidential order can there be to the bush on the accord prison array is a pico pico pico pico you have yellow kids on your shell this pose of it now dunk in the eyes we had a find something else sixteen till a two as many cracker do a matter when better by now after all these years season ultra cracker you think five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty in the Verizon singular wireless line get a few calls in every hour but i got uh... big fish to fryman so speaking of my aces yes uh... would you like me to send you at picture her kissing a girl oh no how disgusting not in a good way yeah and and they're a bad way uh... i didn't know there was a bad way well anyway uh... many melds he took his colorful all of us into copy well put around on our website on the access to piss off all of these most board again the gaze and the idea of the standy of the field and the disgusting secular human is standing up all man give it a rest okay my confused the dark-compsychid friend man yeah something he must have had his brain from the same place that parents got his telecommunications per parts instead of the whole thing don't forget to join qm tonight uh... six eight and the long-fifix max on the corner sample in federal and lifehouse post stop i registered to interpret the dolphin jets in in New York and when some other prizes from the qm qd's you know what they're going to give you and the specials on the worst that are beer speaking of that man the uh... the hurricane cheerleaders at the last night did the jossie in the other i did not oh man wow wow man i am he cheerleaders and you know you will have him yeah get out of the way maybe some of them are but the one i don't know if he's what it's usually is for a say but it was just that they were too many to be the cheerleaders you know i mean it was just a whole people a bunch of people just dressed up kids in the can't like cheerleading outfits like a zinnian of i tried to trust me what i said you okay to were like one or two who looked like fairly human and the rest of the look like everybody was looking behind him like where does the spaceship land that was before dawnish elaney came up there is the peace squad the beast squad speak of that Richard blow the former executive editor of George magazine is author of america and saw the portrait of johnson and junior and is writing a book about half of the university he writes never could be a good question mark this is a really good article pay attention or not is the case may be it's pretty good lot of reading the day a lot of bed time so it's pretty new zee man well guess what too bad he likes to score in every so we got the debate in the night and if you're too much interested in stuff like her i can cheerleaders well good luck to you okay i'll not think you're going to get lucky most yeah that's it was it mostly a mottley looking crowd their last night which is why don't surely if you're writing their with her big balls a down a who you can uh silly bitch it's often said in politics that it's not the crime that kills you to the cover up how politicians react to a mistake and magnified the damage it causes it is said to say that you apply to the matter with cbs and rather in the fake national guard documents despite what conservatives keep insisting it isn't the broadcast of a news story based on four degrees that's seven-state and cbs it's the way cbs came to political pressure and the way to that broadcast and this is absolutely correct you go dick that's the guy's name dick blow from the star if you answer the sixty minutes two pieces been so much to do about politics and little about the conduct of journalism conservative side chances rather staking a day and rather in cbs to their boogieman ever since the publication of our goldberg's best seller bias they wanted to count two on red to take them out once and for all though he's probably more useful to the right wing of feast days on here and the same way the change was manifer heaven for the environmental groups and the fact that cbs's documents look fishy even relatively untrained eyes gave conservatives the opportunity for which they lusted to be sure rather when cbs didn't help their cause they defended the piece which given that they seem to believe that was perfectly appropriate but they didn't suddenly defend it and prickly manner rather's comment that the criticism was driven by partisan political operatives was needlessly inflammatory although i can't well help about wonder if we won't find out one day what was correct and much to say that it was correct much the same way that he'll recoments comment now a brother Hillary Clinton's comment about a fast rate when conspiracy attack near husband was roundly mock ones he said about prove to be right on target you go boy i mean girl see how come i'm reading this so fast i'm not i'm not used to having like a little us to time coffee keppie no what conservatives were really doing was bigger than attacking than rather instead of we're casting doubt on a very idea about the ability and journalism while promoting the argument that all big media with except for fox news of course is consciously political but you don't need the analogy to explain cbs's mistakes there's a simple explanation then rather producer Mary mafe's in the folks at sixty minutes two are investigative journalists have been trying for years and held on a story about the world's most powerful man of truth of which he's been dodging for years look for them breaking big news is what feats and journalists live for unfortunately rather at all wanted so badly to break the story they made stupid amateurish mistakes also what journalism is available or should it pretend to be journalists grew up that's why they called the first draft of history it's not as if they're rather made a really tragic enduring mistake like say starting war on false premises your proper responses to correct the mistakes is quickly as possible fight on how they were made move on the system worked the bad piece of journalism most quickly to bunk by the journalists which is why cbs's subsequent actions are so disheartening so craving in recent months the never-for-show in a acute sensitivity to the slightest hint of political pressure it banished a many series on the riggins to kick a leg's out merely because run an anti-war portrayed sands haloes and it fell all over itself a published rising for the janitress and super-bel incident as if portraying a millisecond of female breast was actually something that mirrored itself legislation now the never-considered was growing reputation as a GOP laptop first that appointed a republican former attorney general nick foreign brig to its two-member panel investigating the national guard story the very idea of an outside panel is bad enough news organization should never conceived the premise that they can't police themselves when the new york times was faced with investigating Jason Blair it didn't hire encoded to re-report blur stories to appoint a politician to the panelists to suggest that politicians know how to police depress better than the press does and they have the authority over the media they don't and they shouldn't following that summer wed stone the chairman of biocombs CBS's owner and also he was supporting bushing November that it was what any business man should do know it's what any business been trying to suck up the bus you do third and perhaps most disturbing CBS news chief Andrew Hayward then sparked his Sunday 60 minutes report on the White House's push for war in Iraq according to a to a writer for salanda calm who saw the piece it's a powerful story which charges that the White House either knowingly received the American people about sottom was saying to nuclear capability or was grossly credulous a CBS spokesman announced that it would be inappropriate to wear the piece of clothes to one election and that I'm not a spokesman so I can sleep in I know that I don't lie for a living of course that's exactly the kind of story news organization news organization should there be for an election a tough piece I'm one of the most important issues a country faces the war in Iraq CBS wouldn't risk angry in the White House at a time when it was already feeling vulnerable the people around CBS have internalized the conservatives argument that their mistakes were political and the consequences were the response you should be the same on both counts they're wrong they made journalistic mistakes and all I have to do to regain people's person is myth them and fix them that approach may take a while but does work better than abandoning your integrity rights Richard blow my straw and get you go boy I think like that what is that quote again backer when I what what is that uh on facts and you something that's making the noise here it's making the noise there so also another which is originally there there's something that did you reset the thing that's still doing it yeah not that I mind it makes me feel like I'm in Europe like an Amsterdam like maybe I close my eyes and pretend I'm sad to say can I I'm at it and it's a barbers on palliester the uh present the full ski hotel the phone is ringing just the wake up and open eyes I'm an Amsterdam oh yeah all right and I'm just the phone stop bringing I looked around to realize five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty and the Verizon and singular wireless lines let me just first like twenty thirty thousand your calls between now and two or clock because you can feel catch your feeling emotion the passing south Florida as the time for that debate approaches tonight listen oh you can hear you can hear a piece of cotton batten drop WQA and hello hello you know I'm running for pleasure now okay I'll double watch I ask Arnold WQA and hello I'll be your friend yes yes it is yes it is yes it is I mean we can waste these three minutes if I try to convince you but we just don't have the time what can I do for speak to me what is it happy for me and back to you and but you you always think you know call it on call and you always feel good about people calling and I'm looking at happy so what is it you know what I do is I talk about you know call is not calling who has something to say which in your case leaves you out five six seven oh five sixty pound is that this is really something you know this is amazing and then this is perfect this is perfect see span ought to be in that studio putting these calls on the year including that one those stories sure are boring that you read that's right I want to hear about what's really glad and we're working here some broad call and up here would you always complaining women to be forget about it okay lady just relax like I said I have no right at least the one guy admitted he had nothing to say and it was honest about it go away lady okay don't go away mad just go away soon and don't let the word hit you in the fan ass on a way out God that was pathetic I mean she was so bubbly and that for vessel like hey I'm so glad to hear your voice and I actually have something to say oh look at this this John man you know Sean just because I'm doing some of your fools which are great as usual just stop getting carried away I just one of these people try to tell us I have no life you know what I mean what are you doing on show Sean it says you demanded the next relationship the 60's edible fast food yesterday's poll I didn't demand I just asked I didn't demand nothing I demand is my paycheck and I didn't work into good in the 60's there was A&W restaurants oh yeah that was pretty good dog in the sense I remember Rick and Sads not dog and says RV said real beef back then and those funky french fries hot John's junior tons of raised driving restross the kitty K and crowd remember winky hamburgers The taste of which would cause one to openly oh yeah I can't say that in the parking lot great Hey Sean better get a life sweetheart too much to fill Josh is gonna be really porked off about you as for today's poll I see See here's the deal he sent me the polls in the first place okay the idea which was a great idea I appreciate it we did the 60's yesterday we knew the 70's today and now he's like You know did I leave off this they all but a good listen what I need is though moderate Republicans Nelson Baker and Nelson Nelson rocker fellow Howard Baker, etc A place to smoke and let it gasoline That's for the muscle cards with the last three good ones right there like I said that's going Sean or might as well hear from Sean or least he's got something that's directed to say something useful as opposed to happy So can you let it you from open saying happy circus no no and by the way happy to who is WQA and hello 567 056 the pound five 60 only Verizon and singular wireless line other intellectual call for what of our bush people All on that seem IQ line WQA and hello God this here speaking I wanted to say I haven't listened to show today but about bush coming here to Miami is like an old detective movies He's returning to the scene of the crime. Yeah, we got a I vote. We arrived to me before he pulls it off again Okay before he pulls it off let's look at Donna She'll alien there too and can't even hear us what he's saying and find us governor Reggie Exclusion Is This kidney I like to relax my admitted madinal massage my balls I listen to the realize welcome on our Governor They got a lot of that suggestion that where they go and I don't know. Where the God Disney World and He sheathers in the Conorow All Breaks and hookers are They got a lot of that suggestion that where they go and I don't know. Where the you can take a thing all the bullet trains the bullet train on your boat. Drop your bucket, you throw it away, throw a piece, pull it over, knock it over, make it down down there, punch it up and fight with me on that free. I don't know. Well, he's not the crepatory city. All of you have perfect place for him. Don't ask for off the attorney general. Guess where he is right now as we speak. This is unbelievable. You'll never believe it. Iraq. No. But overseas. Bahamas. Where? Bahamas. No. Further away. Africa. North. Europe. Now you're more specific. Italy. North. England. East. Ireland. You sure get around, Mr. France. The Justice Department will likely appeal a court ruling that declared unconstitutionally a Patriarch for Vision which I talked about before. My own secret unsoundable searches of Internet and telephone records. Attorney General John Aschcroft said today in a below to be just as the department's post-911. US District Judge Victor Marayo Marero. Whatever that was name is. Some Julio. On Wednesday, struck down the provision that left the FBI gather. Phone and web pressed to the records but barbed service providers. Remember disclosing that the search for place ascroft in an Netherlands. Oh my God. He's running around from window to window man covered up all of them. Baboubis. In the Netherlands to meet with European Union officials. City was studied the decision upon return to Washington. But it's almost a certainty it'll be appealed. We believe the act to be completely consistent with US constitutionally total reporters. The Italian, a partridge and a pair of treat and give me an application so I can cover up these movies. Oh look at that. In the Netherlands. Oh, brothers. I bet they'd like to laugh his ass cropped right out of town. Like the stick his ass right on that damn square. These call is so good to have one to take a whole bunch between now and two. That's you. Okay. I'm serious. I don't know. Maybe some more ladies like that. Really articulate a woman. I was very concerned about the debates tonight and about the future of the world. And all these other things are months to talk about happy circus. 567.0560. 560 for Verizon and singular wireless lines. We especially encourage the ladies out there. Both of them. WCWAM. Hello. You know, are you doing the later? All right. I was wondering what you're talking about this today. I'll call you to a friend of mine just come back from Washington last month. You're in the bad inside war. Coach has relatively had up there. And he was just sitting there telling me something. Some interesting things that you're honest with my generous and helping the change in the 60's 70's. We said, we're talking back in the 60's 70's when they get a protest. You know, a bunch of people got together and made us in sign. Once they'll go and they'll get a sit down and they protested with their police alert. He says, now they have a government and regulators. He says, first of all, you got to go down to the courthouse and get a permit. No one's heard, many of them have put your name. Your company organization if you have one. And you realize the reason for the protest, we're going to have it, the pint and the locate and the beef. Yeah, they didn't get anything behind that barbed wire in the no spins zone, right? Right. Then if it gets the term, they can go with the people. It means they want you to be a volunteer protest. So I get them to make it crack you down. Then he showed me the list of rules. And just like in the Michael normal, we were in shows that group of old, we were going to get a few people out there somewhere in San Diego somewhere. There was only a couple of reasons to sit around and have tea that were like 10 of them. And the FLEI was investigating them and following them around and searching. And they were taking the clapping their phones. There's two rules. I thought it was really cool in this. And here's the first one. It's all starting for banners. But not to team any vulgar or derravatory remark to say protest. And I thought if you're pretty happy with the war, you can't say war is hell. You know, bring out children home safe. That's what they're like. War is bad, not for war. It's bad, please. We stop. Right. And here's the third one. It says all protesters must not, must not misunderline the right. Obscure any, of, set of any traffic, be a cool or human. So with it, incidental, that is another thing that was editing regulation by a lady in the first taxi to mean here, $500 fine or $30 in jail or both. Okay. Welcome to the RC America Pally. Have a great day. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Don't tell us who he was out there running in the car. So, I can't remember that with a little alienito. And they had to hold call. Yeah. Blocked off. And then the ambulances try to get through with their people. People's lives were jeopardized because they had the whole damn thing blocked off. They're in Ricky Tiki Sanchez. He was on the phone. He had made a call. Oh, no. Go to Citroes. How is she in the janitor doing something I think right now? I have a more important role. Well, that's what he wrote. I'm going to write it. Check out yorodres.com. And especially if you can make out what the pin that Maya is wearing says. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Pinner. She pinner. Tamani. Yes, she is. She pin some tail. Okay. Let me take a peek at that. I wish I were. I'm going to take that. The reason it takes so long to download. To get to the thing is because there's already a stuff on it. So it takes a couple of extra seconds. There is Maya keys who's got her of homophobic Bible thumb and right wing guard complex and Allen keys who's going to get walked by by 450 points in the center race in Illinois. And what am I supposed to look at to the button? Yeah, the one that Maya is sporting. Her friend is wearing a rainbow shirt for all the right reasons. It says George is going to get bush on top, right? Right? You're fired. It says, look at that. Maya Trump. George is W Bush. You're fired in it. Good taste, Maya. Yeah. So there's a picture of a Maya. So if there are any doubts because I want to make sure that's served with the MS for the daily news kind of cover to rest a little bit. Well if this court is really hers. Huh? That could be a platonic kiss they're exchanging there. Right. That's right. All right. Looks like she's got her tongue about 15 feet down the other one's throat. Okay. George is W Bush. You're fired in it. Nice going, Maya. What a joke. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Let's come on. Let's get one. Let's get one. Let's get one. We got to big the right in town and Krollgabel's and I right down there with UN campus, which is about a half a block long. Let's go. Let's get some enthusiasm and serve it as Dennis Crowd. All they know about. Oh, the dolphins lost the gun. WQA and hello. QA and. Hello. Yes, sir. I think George might be able to relate to this one. What I miss about the 70s was. And Roller's gates when we had to force wheels on him instead of being blind. I don't listen. I still got him. Thank you. Yeah. Is this George? Yeah. I'll do it. I'll do it. I'm just laying out. George is wrong. I'm not going with. All right. Well, that's not what I want. Okay. I'm telling you. Melanie says he's got a brand new pair of Roller's gates too. I do like that. And she's awesome. Well, I got a brand new Allen key. Somebody want to put that on there. We don't. We don't. We don't. We don't want to put that on there. But thanks anyway, Pally was one of our bitter calls. Five six seven. Whole five six the pound five sixty. Only Verizon singular wireless lines. W Q A M, hello. Let's say how's going. All right. All right. That's an underserved. You know, definitely work. It's a bit. Definitely. I'm going to be at the Bay. Definitely. Boston. But anyhow, I've heard something. I don't know how much truth there is to this. That one time, course. And I'm going to be at on this. Taliban. 43 million dollars to get rid of drug. So we've been having that story. I'm going to show for eight thousand years now. Colin Powell personally delivered forty three million dollar check to the Taliban as a way in May of 2001. Just a couple of months before the 9.11 attacks. As a way of congratulating you. We're warning them for cracking down on a poppy growth and a heroin trade. Neati, I got it. That was. That was. I was. Well, trust me. What I tell you. Don't need to find it. George of. George of. George of. George of. George of. George of. George of. George of. To answer the FORP Get more of one. embarrassment. You fully balloon these suckups and closet queens and all those other crap and the world is going to hell in my handbasket. We've got all these people just pandering and pandering and trying to cover their fat ugly pimples he has. Man, it makes me just sick of my stomach. I say, let's hear it for Maya's. What I say, huh? You go, girl. This is guy. Whatever it had you are. Right. Yeah. She's a fine figure of a lady. There you go. She's right on there. A little dark conflicted, but that's what's wrong with it. A little light mark over the right there. Mm-hmm. I bet you even a Starbucks baby, brother. Five six seven, oh five six, do you want? Don't forget tonight six eight the m-bone fish max on the corner of Sanctal and federal in the White House point. Stop by regent to win. Trip to the fins. Just came in New York when prizes from the QMQ. These enjoy specials on Worst Hunter beer. WQA. Hello. Hello, how's it going? All right. About the seven beef. How about fiscal demolitions? Steve Donner Chicago. Okay. This code demonstration was it toward the end of thought was I going to make some of these. Well, he's gone anyway. Whenever it helped, Steve, though, I'll double your CFL Chicago had a big thing. They turned into a riot. But how can you put that on there, though? It's not it was you know what I mean? It was an event. No, it was a single event. It exists. It's not part of the 70s. It's not part of the era. I guess you know I understand it, but that is something to think back. I wasn't all that bad. I give it like a one. I got a question about a two on a scale of five thousand. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I'm going to put both of the OK. WQA and hello. I knew I was a heavy on that one. Yes, sir. How are you doing? How are you doing? Pretty good. How about a girl? I don't know if you got this year. Girls with tight jeans. Tight jeans. Yeah. Okay. What are you talking about? Oh, I got another one. Bell bottoms. I mean, if you miss him, it's pretty embarrassing. What about the sideburns? What about Mr. How about 70s fashion, which was really good. We just say fashion. We don't have to have all the separate things. Which includes the tight jeans and bell bottoms and the slum does take that. Those big land chop up sideburns and all the guys that it was so stupid, man. So idiotic. Button chops. Yeah. Isn't that what they were? Yeah. They were mutton chop sideburns. Do you mean nothing like a mutton? You're crossing to Neil Rod's face. I'm losing weight on my face. That's so beautiful. This station presents real American heroes. Today, we salute you. Mr. Onsel is in a political opinion, gibberish. You're not afraid to take a stance on who should be on the next good man during chin. And you're not afraid to share that stance with anyone unlucky enough to make eye contact with you. Yes, we all know what's writing on this election, but just because we're writing on the same bus doesn't give you the right to remind us. If we want your opinion, we'll beat it out of you. So the next time you're in line at the bank, and the jerk behind you says you'll be catching the good-paying checks if you've all for his guy. Stick out your tongue and solo to Mr. Onsel is political opinion gibberish. Oh, real. I'm very good hero. This is probably not even registered to vote either. I have no right. 1217 at 5.16. WQA. And the one thing if you never watched the presidential debate before, and I know many of you will, but how many of you will? I'm turning me. And the audience in between the con-talk truth to say happy circus. The best part of it is when it's all over, but then they tell you all the experts come on and tell you what you just saw. Yeah. Isn't that the best part? Sure. The legalizing. They we have here at the display and they translated. They dissect it. You know, is there a need of much of self-proclaimed experts in telling me what I just got through scene? God, it's pathetic. 1217 at 5.16. WQA. We got the man over two. He was a very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very he can you see very very very very well you turn just firmly very they triggered the fact that where did this good does definitely therefore here we look okay you that I a so as and that is leave what you can also eight I want you to make up or something like that, which I guess they probably won't even bother is that to you? Because it doesn't mean anything. Stop it, here's the, I don't know. Oh, you don't know. Okay, well, that's not bad. That's the first honest answer we've had from anybody in a long time, so that's good. That's good. Veterans protest war and bushes hometown. How do you like that? There's a little flood screen that not seem bastard. I assume a lot of viewers. Yeah, a lot of viewers are sick and tired of seeing that stupid bearded face and like a punch you in a pussy, you idiot. You hear him on gearing the suck up. God. Did they ever find Woodoff has died, didn't he? He died. I think they probably, they froze the body and they brought him back as well. Proces for that. Military veterans can't, a Crawford Texas president Bush has adopted home town to they to speak against the administration's Iraq policies. Three veterans groups opposed to the war as well as a Republican group supporting John Kerry for president, were represented that he sparsely attended news conference of the Crawford peace house. The former service member said Bush is misleading the public about Iraq and group comparisons with the Warren Vietnam, which is very, very apt. Not only in the way it went down and a military lie through their teeth, but also in the way it was portrayed to the public in a way that media just paid in for the longest time time before they finally started saying, hey guess what all those hippies out there they may have a point. It's just a sad reality to come to you find itself in said manuals to stita, a Marine Corps veteran of Vietnam from Waco of the war in Iraq. I for one of them insulted by the administration trying to deceive the American public. He said, and guess what's the right to us with a brain? So stay the 60 represented veterans for American organization founded by the four Bolanos brothers of El Paso. Oh, the Bolanos brothers, remember them? No. Were they kind of like the Corleoni family? The risotto brothers. The risotto brothers. That's right. They were protecting freighter on a west coast. All four brothers served in Vietnam and are backing Kerry to group disponsoring the last patrol, a caravan of veterans traveling through the Southwest, showing support for the democratic presidential contender. The Kerry supporters arrived at 11 o'clock this while let's see what they was just written. I yesterday morning at Mwaco, at the Veterans of Fort Worth Post number 2148 at a few of Wantonisi Avenue to be specific. You missed a dove you weren't there. Paul McDaniel of Waco, from the Army in Vietnam said veterans are beginning the speak on more about the war in Iraq. They're doing so despite doctrine learned in the military that yours is not to ask why yours is to do and die. Said McDaniel 54, remember the veterans for peace organization and that a great slogan? Yours is not to ask why yours is to do and die. I'm dying on the hearing. You need to. You also let a statement from a group of Iraq veterans approach to the war that organization China, the administration's conduct and what it called an illegal invasion of Iraq. And guess what? That's so ridiculous. Because of our government's failed policy, it's soldiers lives that are being put online said Michael Hoffman in Marine Corps of Veteran of the 2003 Iraq invasion in Co-founder of Iraq veterans against the war. It is soldiers who asked to make this ultimate sacrifice, a sacrifice that over a thousand Americans have made. But we still claim this failure. It should be painfully obvious that the occupation is not the solution to what is happening in Iraq. And McDaniel said the administration's attempts to let Iraqis take over more of the burden of the presence states of fighting his reminiscent of the failed Vietnamization policies by the Western Vietnam. Same thing. The Iraqis are nowhere near ready to take on combat missions or to have free election of the gangels said. Lindsey Taylor, a spokeswoman for the Republican National Committee in Washington DC, said the veterans have fought for the rights of expressed their opinion. But she said the president's policy on Iraq is a key to keeping Taylor's from the US heartline. How's that work? Is it that we got them all come re-edited over there in Iraq? Is that the idea? Right. They're not going to come here if they got a free pass over in Iraq. If we don't fight in places like Baghdad in Kabul, we'll be fighting in places like Kansas City. Which will be a Harrison is proud to hear that. Taylor said in the phone and if you add in the administration simply as a different opinion with the any war veterans. Now, if that Kansas City Kansas or Kansas City in Missouri, she was talking about. Senator, we have a little more Pacific, bitch. Also right into the mix of voices at the small news breaking was a statement from a group called Republicans for Kerry, and claimed that Bush was leading the party in the wrong direction to actual a collier. No relation to Joshua on guiding life. To actual a collier resident volunteer of the peace, House Redness Dayman of a member of that of the Republican group. He set up a position to the Bushman of the state in his policies in Iraq. We're not limited to any political party. The questions are much larger than politics, Collier 24 said. People are moving across party lines like the peace house. The truth is nonpartisan. Though big Bush banners and signs are highly visible throughout Crawford's small downtown area, that the same coming from the House that is a focal point for peace groups is not totally unique in the President's backyard. Kerry won the endorsement of Crawford's weekly newspaper over the town's famous resident, the loan that we mentioned yesterday. Taylor said the veteran was supporting Kerry for Crawford event and that reflected general feelings of Texans through the President, who is expected to have no problem at all carrying his own Redneck Yahoo State. It's one of them Red States, maybe. Every Yahoo Redneck State, Texas, take a look at that man. Yahoo! As the Redneck Kingdom of America is just about complete. Oh look at this! Oh my god! This is absolutely un- Unbelievable. I'm looking at the top, you know how they have all these banner ants? Yeah. This story about Robert Blake, yeah, and Christian Brando. On top of this is from ABC News from their website, and on top of it is a banner ad for you'll never guess which drug. What an appropriate day for this. I give up. Rimes with detox, Botox, Viox, oh! The very drug that was banned and the sales stopped immediately this morning, banned by the FDA. Because people taking it have been screaming. I'm dying on the hair. And it says, is Viox right for you or someone you love, learn more at Viox.com, available by prescription only. Not no more. Okay. No more that poison from who the hell was it, which said drug manufacturer? Look. Rimes with jerk. No. No. No. No. Unbelievable. Not appropriate. Not a sample. Not a sample. Here's the big banner ad for it. And of course, I'm not going to. I hope you bought it before before they banned it because you can't get it no mull. I'll let that be able to get it. Maybe it gets some of those dangerous Canadian drugs. Because after all, we certainly know that Canada is a tenseral country and those drugs that you're going to get from Canada. Those prescription drugs couldn't possibly be safe. They're probably at least with all sorts of hallucinogenic things in them. All the more reason to get them. Yeah. And back bacon. Right. No. WQA and hello. New relatives. And maybe even smoke meat. Yes, sir. Hey, hey, the new ones are hot day and Florida today. I had a couple of things along the sir. You should tamp the bacon. I. It's going to win best comedic show the year. OK. And also that. How's sir rules? I think I'm going to go on a. Yeah. Guys, work good together. OK. Thanks. Hey, work on your material. OK. OK. Like I said, I knew we were going to take a lot of good calls that it was our right or right. And there's a new list there. There's another one. It's a sturdy. It's one of those sturdy. Man, we welcome all the sturdy sitting around your show. We don't do the same crap here. He does his thing. He does his dark thing all his guests. And we don't want to. And we love these stories to try to like stimulate the minds. If people have them. Maybe they're hiding their brains in their back bone and nevertheless. Kind of like it's you. And most of the people there have their brains. Right. Go deep in your tune. I think it runs your mornings and we get a lot of things to learn. To find a system to learn. How are David's a bitch? Oh, this is Albert Kita from Tony Ben Records. He's fighting you American infidel to my latest guest even's collection. You know my song it is. Right. He's a little kid. He had a few balls on him. Got him. He's standing with the real sharp play. I wear it. I'm out in the middle. I don't know what I mean. I'm in the static. I was out in the air. I'm in the deep. I'm out. I can't hear it. I'm in the fire. I don't know what I mean. I'm in the fire. I'm in the fire. I'm in the fire. I'm in the fire. I'm in the fire. Why don't you introduce those nuts going to fund stairs? It's not time to get off the plane. Just relax and take it easy. You're just dumb. That's your fault. It wouldn't have been a fly or a joke. Find a skin and a rag. If you want, A.T.T.T. I got the radiation on the plastic. I asked myself every day. Which Americans should say? Tell me who I'm in slang. I'm just kidding. I'm just kidding. I'm just kidding. I'm just kidding. She lives in a very strange sense. So by no cash even, it's collections of table, 19 and five. All you can play with Visa, Math, or cup and a master's or a student. You can play with Visa, Math, or card. I love that. Just that last couple of seconds. That didn't sell those. It's from me. 12 31. How about that? Can't see even. It's an article out of where you're. Pretty good stuff. Very good. Like to sell it from Tony. From Tony. Staxel has to our good buddy. Brad over there. Tony's on the corner of a summer. They do good at week. One ninety-third and toe-fotty one. 193 and a four forty-one. Tony's pizza. Man, he got good subs. They got great pizza. They got fantastic. Samages. All kinds of good. And challenge too. I got a job. You got a sheep sub. Okay. Good for you. 482. Josh, by the way, is going to give you the load on. He's going to be the advisor to Wayne and the dolphin organization to give them the load on how to turn their fortunes around. Because what is his job? Obviously, he's expertise in the baseball area. So maybe I'll throw something about that pig skin. 482 votes. What are you most most about the 70s? Well, if you weren't born in, you probably don't miss too much. Let's see how many we got there. One born yet, forty, eight point two percent. Now, how do we have to be like 70 is 25 years ago, right? I'll take your work for it. So let's see, 33. Yeah, eight percent. Eight percent of our audience is under 33. That makes sense. I mean, let me make sense. You sure I'll take it. Or it's probably actually more than that. But there's just not a bother with this because of what they know about the 70s. Except for all those silly fashions. Four hundred ninety six with total strangers, 143. And just like I'm street corner, things like that in a mall, in a barber shop. The music, number 14, Gays still in the closet, 54. I wonder if Maya, she were in the 70s. She'd still be in the closet with her, your fired George's W. The thing, button it out. And I should point out that there's not just one. I didn't realize you had the second picture that with her, her gal pal on her balance. Indeed, I did it. There's some heavy duty stuff on there for Maya keys. Looking at her right wing, born again, fundamentalist God-fearing Bible thumb and Humbophobic Allen keys was going to get people 125 points for the Senate by our Barack Obama and Illinois. Anyway, Gays on the closet, 54. The great top in years 42, all 72 and 73 were hashtag on, you know. Where is the brain stem? Where's the shoes? Myster when you're in the most. Wasn't born yet, 40. Maybe, Castro 37, muscle car 36. Like Rick Rally and his co-bra. Remember that? Oh yeah. What do you remember then? I do. We heard about that day after day after day. Yeah, I mean, it's a neat car. Yeah, I wonder what was more valuable. Muscle between his brain between his ears or one on the edge of the garage. Quailudes 16. Any other drugs in the 70s? That I mean, obviously, I don't know. Yeah, I'll have no. Wonder why this is the thing start 80s? Pretty much. I mean, it's an old drug. It was around since the 44th cycle therapy usage is. I'm talking about, you know, when my people were people were passing out. Okay. Modern Republicans say, oh yeah, remember that? And the fashion none. Nobody misses that. Because the car had all came back. Nobody misses, well, if we just put the tight jeans on there, let's make that a separate category. And the fashion, you know, the rest of it is a bell bottom pants and a mutton chop side birth. I mean, you know, when you're really, what about miniscrots? Where would they be? Can he's there back to their miniscrots? Yeah. Big types. That's a separate category. Miniscrots. When you watch match game, like on a game, you're a channel. Okay. When you watch match game. Well, what does that mean? You lost a game show channel? No. No. Donka Brian better heard more work on you, Mr. What? What do you want to do? I'm sorry. But that was a great show match game. Yeah, it was good to have it stay. I'm going to put it on right now. What's all they got on the game show channel? I'm going to cure the audio. The whole rest of the show, just to piss you off. I was a smell of a hair. The smell of her hair may not be mouth-headed. It's a horrible show. The worst, the worst host in a real Bobby you guys, man. With that stiff neck, he also got a broken neck all of the time. That's a ass. Was it? Yeah. What is that? The toilet truth? Clots my line. Okay. Anyway, if you look at the match game on it, you see Jean Rayburn and they all had the, because most of those were from the 70s. And the 70s, fashioned with a big wide, flared bell bottom of the hand. Yeah. The ridiculous sideburns. And it was just, and nobody misses that. Vercing. Robert Blake's lawyer claims newly discovered evidence plus to conspiracy among friends of Christian Brando. Oh my God. Commirter Blake's wife, who taunted Brando with a picture of the baby he thought was his return to have to be Blake's. Boy, the plot is really getting thick. Bitch, how to come in. I finally, you turned me around on that, I agree. She, in fact, had called her trailer trash, she'll be an insult to all the trailer trash in the world. Attorney M Gerald Schwartz back. File the voluminous motion yesterday, or I love that. First of all, a voluminous motion yesterday, seeking to present evidence and place upcoming murder trial, showing that other people, including one of the prosecutions star witnesses, inspired to kill body league, basically. Thank God, Marlon Brando ain't here to have to see this again. You know, have enough tourists with it, kid already. Bottom line is there were a lot of people that wanted to kill her. Right. Can you blame them? No. Just like Susan Smith. Uh-huh. I'm not sure if you're going to be a doctor. Yeah, but boy, let me know when it happens. I have a party. The evidence suggested, just like Father Gagan, all my God, that was also on a biography channel, I've seen that twice, and they had this, this other priest who evidently with one of his very close friends, Father Gagan. Yep. And he's going out about how he was so widely misunderstood and what a tragedy was and how he told him that, and you had a difficult time adjusting to prison because there would like a separate culture in there. It was just very tough to adjust to. I say that murderer in here is the one that choked him in kill. I said, they should let him fluse. Kill him loose as we were. Nice gone. What else? On the rest of them. Right. And all on all the other our priests, all of them. The evidence suggested Ronald Duffy Hamilton, one of the prosecutions to Central Witnesses was infected the heart of the plot against Lonnie Lee Baker. A plot of which the fended robber Blake did not participate, shorts box set in the motion and the voluminous motion. The motion outlines a complex series of relationships among Brando, the son of the lead actor, and now deceased Marlon Brando, while says late, but dead, he's big and fended in a piano case. Two former stomach and two transients. Well, I don't think we did enough in Marlon Brando died. Did we or did I just forget about it? I don't mean us dying. No, we never did have that party. The big barbecue in his honor. He was great. Yes, he was. Very strange. Very weird, but never looked at it. I don't know. I don't know. It's a murder. I don't care where this woman is, I don't know. I don't care where she is. Come on. Yeah. Let me say it right away. I'm a show on the right, show on. And I will not be able to break the peace she made it today. And don't forget. The robber I will have done to make you take your service for a special. You only hit about 60 times a cotton and she's for that one. And he's not, too. By the way, Carol, please read facts of the facts that didn't come out. About what? I don't know. Didn't come out. The motion outlines are complex. Here is the relationships among brain or the son of lead actor, Marlon Brando. I just got your read that. And if women are hearing, hamilton testified that he'd been solicited by Blake to kill, basically. He has second former stomach and Gary McHardy testified that Blake was trying to hire a hitman to kill his wife. Schwartz bats had newly interviewed witnesses of described to gun on by hamilton that fits the description of the weapon used to kill Bacley and that hamilton sent to a picture of the gun. No one is linked by the gun. And the motion said that gun shot residutes has show the actor did not have residue on his hands. Consistent with someone who'd fired a gun. The motion referred to three newly discovered witnesses, including what it would testified that hamilton offered him. Ten grand for an unspecified job. Later, telling him was for Bacley's murder. Kill a bitch. The issue of Brando's possible link to the killing was first raised in court last February and then in the case of a police former attorney Thomas Messero Jr. Now who is he to see Michael Jackson's attorney now? I don't know. Yeah, pretty sure. Anyway, his attorney Thomas Messero Jr. tried to present testimony from an acquaintance of Brando. Now I am Matt Sinon and let me tell you one thing I don't ever want to hear about ever again is Freak and Scott and Lacey Peterson. If Larry King or anybody else in a damn Nancy Grace, if you want to keep it, they're using them like a weapon. Even in death, Lacey Peterson and they're unborn baby. All three of them are weapons. I doubt a good talk show. Aren't you getting sick of that crap or what? God, why is that so already? He killed her just a little bit. Yeah. And in fact, that for Larry in his lap. Okay, so much of that. Right. And that bitch didn't have it coming. Now I'll see you never still afraid, train. Anyway, let me get back to this. Diane Manson who said over she ordered a phone conversation between Brando and someone named Duff. Oh, Duffie. In which there was a discussion of putting a bullet through Bacley said. Don't tell me Duff Duff Duff. Superior Court Judge Dirlings. Oh, you're not going to believe this name. Oh, this is, this is the greatest day of my life. I'm instructed. Superior Court Judge Dirlings. And I'm going to spell the last statement and Josh is going to pronounce it. S, S, C, H, E, M, P, P. He, P. Yeah, he just can't, he can't get you. I can't get you. I can't get you. No. You didn't have to be well. I had to say, she, yeah. It would have been perfect. That was your cue. Anyway, Superior Court Judge Dirlings, she refused to allow the testimony of saying that Mattson had the credibility issues. And the interim defense had re-interviewed Mattson. Father number of other witnesses who corroborate her and and information motion said the evidence permits the inference that Miss Bacley's murder was orchestrated by Mr. He, either a brand or a urging or an effort to carry favor with him. The motion said, Mattson said that Brando received an express delivery package from Bacley and then April of 2001, a few weeks before she was killed. I sure hope it wasn't from DHL because boy are they ever incompetent. The package contained a photograph of Blake with a baby Brando that thought was his. The motion said Brando was acknowledged he considered a slap in the face and insulting. Prosecutors interviewed Brando soon after the killing, including any involvement. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. All about all the rest of that. And after we never did find out was the meal really good. You were listening to meal Roger. You were going to have to speak with him. On 566-680-880. A few A-K. Salad and I at our CBS, he dip his back from the end. It's the 20th anniversary of all of the family. All rookie days. Did you name John Jello Whee? No, no, no, don't be such a pro. Now what have happened to my little girl? Look at you. Why don't you push yourself away from the table? Maybe I've established once in a while. Don't you know how many of the rarest people have never had a decent meal? I've been with the charity sweetheart. Well, it's true. Those why don't you send them to Bolshevny, tag you your head for breakfast. What a mess. I can't wait to make it. I'm so excited. I can't wait. This I thought she was pushing her days. Oh, no, I see. The last death of the cell was all of the history. She seems so bad to me. What's going on with your dad, baby? Push the Jello, he can be another thief. Oh, no. What the hell are you saying all of the families? I'm not a dog, Jimmy. I'm not a human. I'm not a human. I'm a dog, I'm a dog. I'm a dog. I'm a dog. I'm a dog. I'm a dog. I'm a dog. I'm a dog. I'm a dog. I'm a dog. I'm a dog. I'm going to save the 80s for next week. Okay? If we're all still here. Okay, if your parents don't have another work in the tech. Who best fits the description? Celebrity who's death was least noted. Isn't that great? All right. You don't like that? I do. We don't like that. We do. Also, all in the family is not on today's pool. I just mentioned it in passing Jim post. I don't see it on there. I'd have to be on there in a second, though. Sure, well. And I think Carol or Connor, that's why this play that bit because a number one of number one of Blons on a full day number two I think Carol will come her I mean he was just phenomenal yes he was you know anybody who doesn't like Carol will come her who don't like RT bunker I mean maybe you know and he was the night and some of the other stuff we could live without but I'm just talking about just his RT bunker his son's drug dealer doesn't like we're very much oh well that's an old story for another day 1247 a lot of drugs out there in Hollywood you know I can't afford you too 13 to a one at five sixty w q a m the mad dog right number 88 who played back when those teams were really great whatever he's got ways got rings on his things and bells on his nose not kind of good stuff from back in those early seventy those championship dolphin teams man seventeen and then the a civil must be they beat the right skins and if I can't write those two syllables no the dolphins didn't beat them I'm kidding yes see you know no yeah maybe just what it was just trying to twist you if I would have said if I would have said anything I could have said that the meat to giants the New York football giants right no no anyway hey listen you're not a sportser we respect that we're delighted to hear that we need somebody that believe it was in got the you know one hang on the locker room naked all the time here is one speaker that it says from Kathy back Jack Ryan is looking a whole uh... better republicans about now yet an allen keys he couldn't went to fix the legend a closet or speaker closet it says which the whole thing is life of the means i have a friend who's a screen writer tells me that x-wife actress Jerry Ryan that is a vogue at Ryan who dropped out of course is allegedly one of the biggest pass around the per-mount studios and then she claims the horse papers that you saw horrified to be taking the sex studs by her husband all poor baby two are you still watching writing light and once in a while out of the that's week if so did you see the ranger thirp appears to be finally dead for real yeah son is a good for that's one of the reason to show blows that the better these people showing up you have to let you who they are i'm glad to be brought your son stood up in an earnful of ashes to spread all over springfield the reason to look like it's for real this time is the one how we had a flashback about ranger the use footage of michael zazlami restaurant peace long since then ranger thirp evil evil ranger and number three also on passions man we got so many different characters on it what is that all about i still am waiting for somebody to tell me is if this act or another we actually see as faces the real alicir crane from back in the early days of the show before watched it is all about this is acting is pathetic and his voices weak and his whole uh... he's terrible and this new Theresa man the hell that they and when addition for your poll today when i miss about the seventies is good star wars films want to put that on their good star wars films okay as opposed to the shmit and the little is making today and if you do what we miss about the new tomorrow but good star for the and tomorrow but thanks to the excellent fact this is a fact man five six seven five sixty pound five sixty and the Verizon and singular wireless my voice and we have two hours and forty minutes to the we're gonna have an upgrade feel like almost a real show today well it's appropriate because these people are so just just forming with the mouth of a big debate and i would have just zidians a call as people just in a great anticipation just clicking their boots w qa and hello meal debate line yes or got a great poll for you yeah all-time greatest names of hurricanes yeah and what's that that was it w qa and hello take you back to the seventies yeah just for new lunches and that's good for anyone right now huh i love the disobey for now it was and that's why it was so big especially in Detroit because they had the city on a far most of the time anyway all right was more like in the late seventies sixy seven is when they decide let's burn a city now we're pissed off and you know i don't want to go into it the try don't go there that's my best advice girlfriend why do you do not go to is number one Detroit number two Columbus Ohio because if the rumors find out you do have to buy them dinner other than that and no code as you need to do your q-tore to waste a time or i will fall is it to tourist rap or sorry i'll tell you to wait for she also and engineering i just you like it okay him and his wife he has a wife you know i don't like you i am hello i know these calls are still better better on yes they do you right i don't know i got some news for you okay i'm wait let me get on the edge of my seat okay all right ready listen to this uh one of the other stations there won't be and why do people do that we don't worry about that one other station we have no problem with that okay seven ninety right yes be in the ticket to homageoros in the 11th and the morning right exactly they said that two a.m. got a big announcement on sunday and that uh how our game is going to stand for the two years and then he's going to give up his seat to uh Dave wants that he started up i'm mentioning the great calls and what did i say up until now yeah there's my my second power is coming in a play again perfect right there we're gonna see humor oh yeah he thought it was a yachter yachter yachter i kind of like chuckle inside here and i yachter but that see this is part of what you got with these it is is this tremendous attempted being funny and being humorous like oh this is odd or i'm running for president oh my god back clown he had a call us back here we ought to do what do you ought to say words i apologize that's it don't we want an apology from that idiot w q a m hello oh no yes sir hey no George thanks for trying to leave the blind out of the wilderness i got one comment we live high mic right out there in the channel six i like that uh with Dave wants that a one of the just put George W there and wait when he screws up he sticks to a conviction so they don't have no one to believe they never make mistakes that's a good point thanks a lot county in fact maybe after remember two or at least after January inauguration maybe George W had enough time on his hands he didn't apply for that job his golfing coach thanks season what do you think he's got that background in sports here that Horst ball Texas Rangers team that he mysteriously was able to buy for like five centons sold and made millions of dollars on after he screwed it off and gave away Sammy socials becomes nice going to your W everything you know how and Richard's it keeps showing these tips of the Texas governor when he beat and Richard is a very bright woman and a very very good governor and they keep showing the clips and i don't know what it is that uh that one him that deal other than he was just he was a Yahoo that's all he was a Yahoo and his name is bush first to think yeah what else could have a possible plan i mean she put him right on the spot that every business he had ever touched at last millions and millions of dollars and how can you lose a visit i'm gonna use money in the oil business in Texas it's all us on her to he found a way and daddy and all his connections made damn well sure that when he sold the Texas Rangers he was able to make millions of dollars in profit on it i mean this whole family from jet bush the Neil bush to W bush and then of course pop up and grandpa with his Nazi buddies there are bunch of crux is what they are just like the freaking Kennedy's even though i love Ted like crazy but nevertheless they're bunch of crux at least you know and the Kennedy family i guess it goes back to the beginning and then of course they you know they stole the election in the Chicago and 60 everybody knows that and west virginity were paying people to vote in the primaries 1960 paying them right like out in the open in fact what we'll do i mean we don't want to fix the election but it's the Republicans are so good out of the way and complete our game how much will we give people to vote for a carry in some floor i think it's pretty bustle do we're right right but all the fix the election we want to repair it there you go excellent very good the verbiards there i like that choice of the solution even though they still hate you around the building yeah right that's my choice what a place man what a place i don't know what i'm laughing about today if you told me yesterday about four o'clock in the afternoon i'd be sitting here doing a great show and life on my ass off today i'd say you crazy man but i just you know you know me i just keep bouncing back because it's called survival baby because i want to tell you young whippersnake was out there here's a little lesson for you i've told you this many times before but maybe you didn't hear it or at least you forgot about it go in business for yourself get a shoe shine kid go out on the street corner with a box and and shine shoes anything do not work for other people because well when you have to work for other people no matter how good you are how successful you are what are other people will do everything they can to stick your right right to move on shine they like though that's right now get that foot out and stick it all away up to your animals afl even if you're a woman do not work for other people because i would say i'll try to be generous about 90 percent of people who work for have have no appreciate you know gratitude no matter how much of a job is right 90 percent of people that you work for of employers are are just great robbers if you're real lucky maybe once in a lifetime of work for somebody really great who appreciates what you do will like treat you well who you know just a page on payday boy it's the one to two hour all right by any have the softest there to work for 14 years they fluffed the ball from gold gold like the ones ever got my guy around the ground that's where they'll stay there never are in control and when you say my amy you're talking toilet holders there the Miami doll phones Miami doll phones Miami doll phones Miami doll phones numbers only season will be 32 Miami doll phones Miami doll phones don't bet on them you'll always move they don't know how to tackle they don't know how to flock to their coaches all to tell them to put them in their job but then they would run much faster and even in different when we go to the stadium they'll see my amy you and they're the Miami doll phones Miami doll phones Miami doll phones number 110s and the wheelsters Miami doll phones Miami doll phones the team that hasn't got a clue Miami has the softest but the softest apple fence just 50,000 apples sitting in the stands they watch the game and all these two is molding gripe vintage by wonder how Joe Robbie got the piece of and rich in there the Miami doll phone Miami doll phones Miami doll phones number how these things will be fucked up Miami doll phones Miami doll phones I hear the crowd begin to boom the salt and sad they fever that quarter facet you boy right down the field and he will fall up past over you I'll never win a super bowl you should be surprised when he gets cut that doesn't mean that he was circumcised in there but Miami doll phones Miami doll phones Miami doll phones number 110s and the wheelsters Miami doll phones Miami doll phones she calls his signals and he boom but dolphins have no teeth and send their offenses at joke like George Bush eating freccess you know they're gonna choke they'll always just stop going you when they're in a playoff race with fewer points than park marks on my fingers are busy there the Miami doll phone Miami doll phone Miami doll phones number 110s and the whole 32 Miami doll phones Miami doll phones Miami doll phones now they're free one all three is our gigantic humongous one to our what a pressure is building can you smell it us know something before you know it will be nine o'clock tonight that big debate will be going on the middle of him can't say bashing intellectualism and brilliance and freedom and free thought oh my god what a place if you can find it it's right can you corner that pizza joint the big right across the classes here's a fact from Carol is his please don't use my name i'm just there are a lot of curls up there Carol it was he says I want to call but i can't because there's too much construction notice my office right now i wonder what you know about the carry rally for a little airport last night there were well over a thousand people there who were the neighbor from four to five hours so buses from parking lots is there and so what did it out in their playing hangar just waiting mostly in good humor except for a couple of fates you old Jews i haven't seen carry in person before he comes across quite differently in person on tv very personal warming charismatic i don't know what he can do to stop in an up on tv he looked great not two ten i speak of that you notice how they like worst off half of the ten from two dead yesterday what they always paid you know you look great not two ten was spontaneous was strong and responded to the intensity of the crowd i was standing extra a men of puzzle right ahead of kept yelling i love you he actually responded her because he was so loved and he said something actually pretty funny but i won't repeat it because it was rather clintonesque although he didn't mean it that way i was impressed not just anti bush carry some anti-con think is articulate and if bush somehow steals this election tell me what i need to do to move to Canada hey this is the way it was in nineteen seventy two when we all knew mix them we get elected deserve to be impeaches his bush deserves to be impeached if bush gets elected i predicted he'll be ultimately impeached hopefully tried for treason for lying to the american public the bush administration has gone way beyond mix and dirty tricks bush should get uh that that gay and dreared and all of his mischwahto gay and dreared a ryan okay okay oh this is great if we care about the u.s. to variable to think at all we have to get bush out p.s. it would also be nice to have a hockey season to look forward to but if we have bush in a hockey maybe we'll just on i think a flight hours base or Canada but Canada would know hockey go flyers what i'm supposed to about the seventy six is her late husband what she touched all the bases there right on thirty five kids dead by the way children in that uh all those bombings in a rack uh and john stone was managed by johnny Mitchell well that's good haha i didn't know that no there's no waters on leech tv where you talk about having a few hours to fill all brother that is sad if matching presidential candidates to their positions on basic issues were like a jeopardy category or that reminds me just one moment please i haven't played either one of these is a cut of cute you ready? i'm just gonna go to the next one i'm just gonna go to the next one i'm just gonna go to the next one i'm just gonna go to the next one i'm just gonna go to the next one i'm just gonna go to the next one i'm just gonna go to the next one i'm just gonna go to the next one i'm just gonna go to the next one i'm just gonna go to the next one i'm just gonna go to the next one i'm just gonna go to the next one i'm just gonna go to the next one now he's got more cash 10 and let me also remind all you bushler kizatir they're gonna vote for this nati and his very very band of neocon natsis you've got blood on your hands man i'm showing the pictures of those little kids that are mean and wouldn't have not the ones that are dead yet but we got a whole bunch of those this is not even blood on your hands i want you to know that right now go wash it and guess what it's still more wash out we leave Ken Jennings lost someone smarter has finally tossed him out and now that is off the jet birdie murk drift then won't file bank rope scene thought he'd never leave the show i guess there are some things he doesn't know and now he's just over game stiff with a million par ten gifts i like that now she's still on that awful show where i have no idea new to why and i don't care but in the head just in case you know what if he's still on we got to beat they had one for each anyways is matching presidential candidates to the position of the base of the base of the base of the base of the he's here with a jeopardy category most americans wouldn't earn a single dollar more than half of those pulled by the national and burger elections survey didn't know president bush alone favors allowing private investments to some social security money nearly as many didn't know that only democratic candidate john curie proposals getting rid of tax breaks for the overseas profits of US companies importing drugs from canada that's a carrier should but nearly happy there didn't know or thought bush also supported change you fed a lot of allow for drug imports from canada a making abortions were difficult to obtain literally a third of those survey didn't know bush alone supports more restrictions on abortion eliminating the taxes on the states two thirds didn't know that's a bush proposal after two years of presidential campaigning and hundreds of millions of dollars in political ads many voters remain clueless about those other policies according to the survey and a burger analyst take kensky blame the candidates for not stressing their points of view and news media for focusing on character assessments on the race itself it's disappointing that people don't know where the candidate stand given how much money has been spent on the campaigns of kensky senior analyst in the absence of good information voters guess and often gets incorrect they don't know what they're going on it's like this business about what you know in the last election it was all about issues but in this election it's all about personality traits it about the leadership qualities and yeah and who's going to lie the best and who can be the good old yahu board the best let's see nasal passages now he's like that's something i guess we can play that i haven't played that low spread on you see has He was born in so many studies from God in love, Without him he would be a hopeless bump home Life of the party is always daydive Left him to the cell phone, Friend and no neighbor, father and dad Caused, that's the reason He's born to the rich, he has the label, I've bought my chicken and hold it my passport I'm dying over here I'm dying over here See, I told her there would be something in there Isn't that sad? Yeah, but we're that we are here Because I heard a pre-delay on the stern show about a thousand times He's been born, how did that go? Because we can't say, ah, damn I'll fix that up, it's too good to just let lay there, you know, not play Oh yeah, slowly but surely I'm fixing a lot of these up Like the Taliban man, can you believe that? That's sad, that's it's tragic It's the Taliban man, we got the S-bag word in there Oh, we got to be tight up because yeah, okay Because we're spying with him because we're much at Jellyfish 12 minutes after one at five, 60WQA, right now Armstrong for the homster months to tear your last and sell off all remaining O-4s Here's just some of the great deals waiting for you as I speak And O-4F-150 pick up, you pay just a buck over in voice New O-4 explorers, you pay again just a dollar over in voice Rangers, crown vifts, toruses and focuses all waiting for you At Armstrong for right now, it's just a buck over in voice Only at Armstrong for the homster Plus these folks offer more value to you When you buy your 4th from Armstrong for you'll get their exclusive tires and batteries for life program That's absolutely correct, you get tires and batteries for life The value of your arms from 4 doesn't stop there either because right now You'll get a free floor to some pass with any vehicle you buy If you're pressed for a time, Armstrong for those your time is valuable So call them at this number and drop by phone 305-247-51-12 That's 305-247-51-12 Believe it over that new vehicle to your home, your office, wherever you're lucky And it is out Armstrong for the homster, they're local owned enough for it They're a machiah, they do business with, they'll treat you to this like family No bait and switch, no foe need deals Just the best prices and service anywhere in town Armstrong for the homestead, you'll find them at 307-25 South-Tixie Highway, just 20 minutes out of the year 36 Check them out of the web first at ArmstrongCars.com And then drive a little and save a ton on that new Ford Only from Armstrong for the homestead You're the one who's doing your job We're your Rogers mornings and we did it We're the one who's on the top The price is the one we're doing We're the one who's doing your job So that's a nice seat A good laugh is campaign season Then get the new DVD campaign at Blupper's in our taste With one from George W. Brush And action I'm George W. Bush, and I approve this massage I'm not saying massage I guess I'll find out what's in there for a minute But the point is by partisan Because campaign at Blupper's in our taste Also features foul ups from John Perry I'm John Kerry and I'm not a flip-fliver A flip-fliver A flop-fliver A flip-fliver John! Son of a f**k fool! Sware! campaign at Blupper's in our taste His love's funny is DVD ever Under my leadership We catch an Osama That's I mean, today I mean, today I'm... Had... I bet don't be undecided Order, care of the old Blupper's in our taste today A flip-fliver A flip-fliver A flip-fliver 117 and 5 60 WQM Don't forget to like you in the night 6APM And Blupper's in our taste Blupper's in our taste today The corner sample of Federal Highway line House Point Stop by registered to the Fins Jets game in New York And the Osama surprises from the QMQDs Enjoy specials on Worst Enderbeer All that 6A at Blupper's in our taste today Blupper's in our taste today There's our gore At Blupper's in our taste today At Blupper's in our taste today At Blupper's in our taste today There you go That's our highway star, Jets Greenfield Who is as absolutely nothing much more than CNN A man who who's job I don't know what's on Second thought Look what happened to Reagan in 84 But his advice was stuffed with the bunch of facts and figures That was the worst debate performance of any presidential candidate ever Yeah, yeah, yeah He made that joke in the next debate about not exporting Montel's youth And he carried 49 states But you're no Reagan Don't take the chance Look at all three hours But here's something that's pure There's your role, I call it political judo You take the weakness and your flip it The way Ross forrooted when he was challenged on not having any experience Well, they've got a point I don't have any experience in running up the poor trillion dollar dam Man, you can sell a mercanton public anything you don't In fact, I'm inspired Just roll up your sleeve and do new Dust off them all starting Let's have the hope of our reagent and fix it You're a part of the gig You're a part of the gig You're a part of the gig You're a part of the gig You're a part of the gig You're a part of the gig You're a part of the gig You're a part of the gig You're a part of the gig You're a part of the gig You're a part of the gig You're a part of the gig You're a part of the gig You're a part of the gig You're a part of the gig You're a part of the gig You're a part of the gig You're a part of the gig You're a part of the gig You're a part of the gig You're a part of the gig You're a part of the gig You're a part of the gig You're a part of the gig You're a part of the gig You're a part of the gig You're a part of the gig You're a part of the gig You're a part of the gig You're a part of the gig You're a part of the gig You're a part of the gig You're a part of the gig You're a part of the gig You're part of the gig You're a part of the gig You're a part of the gig You're a part of the gig Baby I'm sure there's a bad thing Yeah, never done it in the song Like if it's gonna be long We can't go back to the song If I die I love you here when I feel more hurt I'm gonna move from right there I'm gonna start I'm gonna move from right there I'm gonna move from right there I'm gonna move from right there I'm gonna move from right there Those might have been pictures anywhere Since I'm sure it's how I'm press me The one where she got her tongue About two thirds of her weight on her gal pals Trote And then the other one where her gal pal I was like riding her, you know, something looked happy They sure do, couple Yeah, they do A sweet, tight couple I see you got that big blue button on it It says George W. Bush you're fired at it She's got some good taste at my As opposed to a daddy, Alan Keyes Born again, fundamentalist Bible-something Jackass He's gonna get people at 145 points to add election 560, 560, pound five 60 On the Verizon, see you to write us lines The audience built up to a frenzy now Waiting for a nice big debate in more labels Man, can you feel it, can you smell it, can you hear from these calls? I feel something Look at that phone right now, it is just sizzling Or maybe like sizzling WQAM hello Uncle Neil Yes sir Another great show man Yeah, I think that's it Yeah, you have a good time at sound like today I'm having a great time Excellent Did you speak early? What's the losers I've worked for? Yes Yeah, well, but you stand on their backs, I should say not the shoulders Thank you Yeah, me or children Yeah, I read Did you talk about you know tonight the rally at the arena is open to everybody To go get free tickets for carry No, I did not And you originally what they did was they only sent out tickets To people who subscribe to John Kerry dot com But seven, these are opening the doors John Koover is gonna be there tonight Anybody wants to go down they just say it first comes first serve Go to the box office and they can attend the debate rally They're having inside the Miami arena Excellent You know you mentioned earlier about how W was able to Whatever beats and Richard and Gore And it just seems like he did a lot of money He beat Anne Richards he didn't beat Gore Just the Yeah, I mutilated the numbers Right, right With with with Anne Richards what he was able to do Outside of the debate besides looking like a monkey But you're ruling monkey words he was able to infect his Supply just on the fears A lot of I mean, call the public people I mean he said that Anne Richards as she was elected again He was gonna be putting a lot of lead beans in office Did you ever hear that? No, I did not I mean I actually read about I mean again You mean you mean cancer in Hughes people like that? Exactly Yeah You know you can keep up the good work everybody Show up down at the arena tonight if you got a good turn up Carial probably show up all so he needs to knock him out tonight And you know we can't wait for the third day This is to be it baby. No one did it on the ground no scramble on the ropes Great job Neil because not a good luck So okay, let's kick some serious hands Here's a guy that's worked up and fired off right Or however that goes Yeah While the rest of the public are sitting back with her usual Like that Hey bone-faced didn't he when the Hamiltonian? Stanley dancer I believe What about the other why no I'm no nothing Katrina van and who will I do know she's great editor of the nation Then our is the W was a donation Oh man he just he makes my skin cry I don't that don't look dislike am I to test him? I find him one of the most unacceptable excuses for a human for a very is right now I creature a creature Very sad you know and you look at that thing and you listen to it and you say how is it that anybody? I mean okay, there are a bunch of people who are just goofballs, you know everything's a big drop to them We can understand those people but anybody who's even like one percent of their lifetime I just a little bit serious How could they possibly get sucked in by this crap right? I don't know I don't get it anyway Katrina writes Oh scientists and engineers for change I feel that What? Just like that She says they may not be as hot as Bruce Springsteen Dave Matthews the Dixie Six and other musicians participating in the vote for change Concert tour launching this month in Swain States But the newly formed group scientists and engineers for change Pines the harness its formidable brain power to make the case And Bush has manipulated and politicized science in dangerous and unforeseen and in ways Like their musical counterparts these scientists tend to have our Nobel Prize winners Will Chris crossed the battleground states to argue against a Bush election They won't be singing or playing guitar but they'll be educating voters about the threat of second Bush term poses for On a scientific inquiry in the 21st century The group which has no ties to the Kerry campaign Speak clues of registered Republican and several sciences who are not members of the Democratic Party As no bell prize winner Dr. Douglas Osharoff put it I've never played a significant role in politics but we must begin to address climate change now To do so we must have an administration that listens to the scientific community Not one manipulates and minimizes scientific output I can't imagine the father about she knew it's the Hoover Dmitry now I'll take a look at a pool look at on the very bottom Fashion oh, they find like I won there you go kind of my chickens before they drop it had one vote Six hundred and forty six what he was most about the seventies fashion had zero for the longest time Because who would out wants those mutton chopped by a sideburns and was awful bell bottom pants they came back But just for about five minutes. They said oh burn notice so we can't let them come back again Tight jeans to all of the family seven good star war films ten mini skirts a dozen moderate Republicans 15 Quailwood's 34 and we need more TV cop shows 41 wasn't born yet 44 or 6.8 percent the audience just a few Muscle cars 51 the great often years 60. Oh, yeah bring them back alive Gays still in the closet 63 the meat that must be the bush crowd The music haven't 31 and sex with total strangers won 75. Well, at least they were doing it in the closet anyway 26 after one at five sixty WQ a m tank guaranteed mortgage bankers are prepared to help you be all your financing needs If you're first time home buyer or if you're refinancing and taking cash out there you're best choice by far Durantied mortgage bankers are committed to excellent customer service. This isn't just their promise to its their Guadante Call them for a thru toll free number one eight hundred seven three four sixty six sixteen at your team mortgage bankers Their goal is to build a lifelong relationship with their customers which is exactly what they did with a couple of moved down from New Jersey Hadn't started their new jobs yet for final house they fell in love with a couple of lives in time for more than a week had little money to put down I'm not a close in just ten days and guess what guaranteed mortgage broker was able to secure the buyers needs in order to close on time And they were able to give them 95 percent financing an unbelievable rate of five point ninety five percent on Pay a label and listen to this guaranteed mortgage bankers since all of its clients and a fabulous seven night cruise It's their way of saying thank you for choosing them and given in the business guaranteed mortgage bankers No loan is too big or too small. I think that bad credit good credit in between they'll work with you to get you the loan you need guaranteed mortgage bankers column two day. There's no obligation of course call 1 800 734 66 16 That's 1 800 734 66 16 5 6 The following was paid for by garage band veterans for truth in 1961 John Kerry claims to have been a negralage fan called the electricity But was he yeah, John Kerry was in the van but after he left he supported the people who booed us Fever John Kerry says he is an honorable rock and roll better wounded in the line of duty, but was he I'm Remember this one game was the somebody to a rotten tomato hit John Kerry in the leg. He said it was what but I was there I know the truth some people even wonder if John Kerry threw that tomato at himself. We won the battle the bands and when we got home John Kerry Through a way is trophy John Kerry says he served honorably in a garage band But when you listen to the record the tune changes paid for by garage band veterans for truth I'm George Debbie Bush and I did not approve this message. Yeah, right? Well, 32 on boso radio 5 60 we got the man dog at 2 the hopper edge forward and Marlon's kind of running now What are they got 150 games left for something Josh? Yeah, they're all against the the stories The throw is just what is it? It's the best right Well that for that says it for me Bush's guard resignation letter clears up on issue. He can't spell. Well, what do you expect from a dumbbell right? Yeah, in a headwritten resignation letter that contains skull and grammatical errors a young George W Bush I didn't have time to do his duty in the Texas air National Guard Bush accused by the mcr Of shirking his duty in the Texas air National Guard during the Vietnam War Wrote that he had inadequate time to make future reserve commitments in his November 74 letter resignation Release yesterday The letter was released by the White House on the eve of the first presidential debate in the one page tender of resignation Bush and wrote to following reason for resigning in adequate time to full fill that's with four else full fill possible future commitments The letter contains other spelling and grammatical errors But yeah, document doesn't address the controversy over gaps in his service in the international guard of the 1970s and how course could it? Now, I mean nobody wants to talk about this because it's too embarrassing But nevertheless it is true. Have we talked about the fact that the warlords are back in power in Afghanistan again And the meantime the administration keeps on as about all the wonderful free elections millions of people are going to vote in Afghanistan Right In sufficient security forces in a lack of election observers combined with regional warlords back by the United States Continue to threaten the upcoming presidential election in Afghanistan's as a report by HRW Human Rights Watch Local citizens feel the warlords pose a greater threat to their safety than forces of the former ruling Taliban Which has ousted by US soldiers after 9.5 attacks Remnits of the Taliban which harbored the al-Qaeda terrorists who committed the US attacks have remained in hiding in Afghanistan's remote mountainous regions And recently carried out a number of deadly attacks. I thought they were done. I thought we chopped off their hand I thought al-Qaeda was just above done. What they given us that solid advanced everything fine, Tommy. Okay What I heard was all we're fine. The 52 page HRW report the world of the gun human rights abuses in political repression the run of pro-Afghanistan's presidential election Says the international community in countries of NATO in particular should vastly increase the number of troops in Afghanistan to ensure security for the elections It also complains that there are far too few international observers in monitor polls and give confidence to voters that they're balanced will be secret that are needed Well, we need those people here to monitor our polls. Don't wait. Yeah, we are gonna have international observers believe it or not. What an embarrassment Amazingly because of the inadequate forces, current security plans for the presidential election. That's in Afghanistan Including the use of deaf-utilized warlords of factual forces to guard polling stations the very people have can say the most afraid of it's the fox guarding the chicken coop The report noted and in the US officials closely involved election preparations appear to be complacent deleting democracies now on the horizon Right, sure it is right over the hill there. You see it? Oh, hello, oh geez It adds that continuing human rights abuses are fuel a for racer that misperive repression in fear many parts of the country and that voters in many regions Not appear to understand that ballot the ballot or have faith in and secrecy especially in the face of pressure from militia factions The warlords are still calling the shot That's a threat Adams, HRW's AZer director many voters in rural areas had the militias have already told them how to vote and that they were afraid of disobeying them Activists and political organizers who oppose the warlords fear for their lives yet in the report the document which is released just nine days before the election Echoes many of the same complaints in the serious forest by number of other human rights development and women's groups in recent weeks But don't confuse these neo fascists with your truth. They got bigger fish to fry. Okay, we can't worry about finishing off the Taliban stuff like that And maybe just bump it into Osama who needs him when we got cats Steven. Oh, right? That's right dangerous man. Next thing you know will be capturing Gary Steven's As a pretty good article by Tom Gallagher common dreams.org What if he's related to Bill Gallagher Tom Gallagher's a former Massachusetts state legislator and he writes turn on the radio John Kerry He says it's taken John Kerry far too long to be clear that George Bush's invasion of Iraq was wrong and he can't waste any more time Give me the point that they continue to occupy save Iraq will also be a disaster no matter who the president is unless Kerry gets a joke from some where he's going to blow the opportunity He's been training for all of his political life, so maybe some of turn on the radio for him so we can hear John Fogretty's new song Vajavu all over again. You heard it? No, I may have to go on by it Kerry might even recognize nobody's voice from creed in clear water revival the group whose hits were all over the radio during the Vietnam war More importantly, he might also recognize Fogretty's voice is rising as we counted it and dying all over again and maybe even find his own anti war voice all over again Just as they say that generals always fight the last word of instructions of this presidential campaign when you might have thought it was Vietnam That was the issue and not Iraq, but the private's always know what war they're fighting and hopefully the voters will too And actually much as Kerry's political problem stems from being a veteran opposed to the Vietnam war given the way it's been converted in this campaign With Kerry supporters insisting that their man really wasn't here on a battlefield where he and most of them argued American should have been in the first place While George Bush and Dictania are the ones attacked for not going to where they said they supported it might just as well be for Kerry that Vietnam will not decide the selection The American soldiers Bush's placed in arms way in order to destroy a rational existence and weapons and mass destruction are quite another matter however As are the highly lucrative contracts this doom foreign excursion has brought to Chinese last civilian employer Haliburden They could and should decide the 2004 race but only a selling Mexican issue of them and someone is John Kerry whether he likes it or not What could John Kerry say to come to the chase? How about an utterly promised nevertyly American people in the war under false pretenses But every American George Bush sent for this war will come home within the first 30 days of my administration first 30 days Last 30 days They may be at a bit too blunt for his style But whatever words he uses they need to get in better headlines than Kerry says a lot of American troops home in four years We know that the Kerry campaign is cautious and calculates that the anti-war vote has no place else to go Offering the unknown consequences of a serious anti-war stance that American troops home in four years They start checking you for a possible political reflexes like that Can they really think that offering four more years of Americans under attack and a military occupation is an electable stance This is going to make voters rush to the ballot box to turn the current mass rules out and is curating blaming the private administration will satisfy the young anti-war veteran Who asks him how do you ask a man to be the last man to die for a lie? John Fobody is written a great anti-war song, but most of us will just assume not to listen to a great anti-war songs the next four years And whether or not we'll have to have a lot to do with Kerry's answer to the song's questions did that voice inside you say I've heard it all before With Republican Center Foreign Relations Committee Chairman Richard Luger characterizing the administration's P4 notions that we will simply be greeted with open arms as nonsense Anyone secretary general co-fianna calling the way illegal it shouldn't be all that hard for Kerry to hear that voice someone play him the song It's worth a shot You're a Susan you'll run your songs Congratulations You A M And all right Oh right Are you sure John the Nazi party They used to call it the GOP And that's wrongly agree with Gregwin Tyler C. So this won't be coming for me So I went to the Nazi party Convention held in the Empire State For now, they've been saying the shot is get their hands are shaking And dance on the drink I'm breathing I'm caught now The bush that's written this way You see you feeling anyone Can't think for yourself Look Look Look Look Look Look Back back The blue blue blue The yellow The yellow The entertainment That the Nazi party Was appropriate to Christian and white There was needed to be clear channel the proofly agree with And to be green chief chief I'm watching O'erighting now And then culture is where If you don't believe or she's the only one that you should Die low to hell I'm dying on the hand I'm not 144 1602 May God come up with two He's been all the solutions for the offensive He's okay to end the one-stat era I'm sure I'm sure How would things so he demand Anyway, kiss you missed this earlier Things are going very well in a rat Oh, we're fine And this is just enough to make you want to Poof your guts out Many of the kids, you know, there were 35 kisscilt Mm-hmm They were waiting for candy Many children at a ceremony Where candy was being given away Were killed in the series of deadly carbomit Test today in Baghdad We've turned it into an out-door in St. The Sonomate slaughterhouse The children were among more than 40 people who died in Test Plainbound in surges that included two Racky police and a loving US soldier Scores were wounded in the attacks And did a Racky government targets A hospital official for the AP 35 children had been killed It's a horrible waiting for candy No less They did include a task force bag dead A soldier to a Racky police officers Iraq and US officials said But the soldier's death A thousand 56 US military personnel died in Iraq war Three other soldiers were wounded US military said The Ministry of Health said more than 60 people were wounded As the slaughtered a bloodshed In the grave that we brought them in emancipation By the decapitation It's fantastic They'll think it's what it's like They're not getting their heads dropped Off its emancipation by Illumination Yeah, ungrateful bastards How come they're not giving us candy And you know, they're not helping us out They're not helping us out Right I mean it seems so basic and so simple Just like a rabbit how it was said Like on the MSNBC last night And then embarrassing our it was the one point I think it was even Chris Matthew said that And agreed with Al Sharpen And I like when he said to Sharpen Hey can't you be the Can't you be the puppeteer of the The voice of the ventralis The user of the ventralis That was pretty good That was pretty good How are dean? Our our dean would be good I still think we're going to be a panicked For bush walks in here and all of a sudden From behind the curtain here comes our dean Get an ass baby Not pulling any punches Not apologizing for being against the war From the very beginning Et cetera But nevertheless Seems very basic would be like if FDR Invaded Australia After we got And Japan attack pro harbour Oh, it doesn't have stuff It doesn't make any sense They're in a good target And how come we had a person who was in Peach five bunch of rabid right way Neocon lunatics And then you're booted out of office Because of sexual pecker dillos How come that was okay with the media And they just loved every second of it And Kenny started his photographic report That was fine But now all of a sudden we got thousands of Innocent people including over a thousand Americans of thousand fifty six as a last minute And being killed based on how much a lies And like that other story said Well if he is elected again, it'll be an impeachment Where we can't afford to have to go through that He can't afford to be elected again Anybody out there that thinks we can go through Four more years of this hell It's got to be elunatic It's got to be stupid And you people in Florida man I see the thing with Florida as you notice A lot of it has real red neckie And it's real Yahoo Postpickin and Bible something But you people in South Florida It's of course to be a little bit sharper than that One would think Because that's where the majority of the votes are in South Florida So you people in Palm Beach County And you can't even pay any attention to it And don't think it all confused with Teresa Leport Is having a butterfly ball. She's got the she's got the little arrows There would leapy Lee Crazy bitch Hey by the way Teresa you're out honey You're out. Don't be by the effect. How fine a bus with a Miriam elephant If you can find a seat big enough for her friend ass Working poor stuff around her bush tax cuts Yes, and other reasons support the bush master The bush administration Congress have scaled back programs that aid the poor to help pay For $600 billion in tax breaks That went primarily to those who were more than 288,000 $800 a year And that great To offset the loss of tax revenue The administration demands the record federal deficit and trim social spending The affected programs job training housing, higher education and a way of social services Provide safety nets for the four But you know what screw them that's what the bush might say Many programs are critical elements in welfare to work initiatives And already badly underfunded A six month Detroit news investigation showed as a result of a win the government assistance working poor And destitute Americans are increasingly likely to be placed on waiting list for help We see reducer vices will be denied service entirely The news after interviewing scores of people across the US examining thousands of pages A federal and safe financial work ends determine that the loss of services cost many poor Americans more money than they say from the tax cuts How do you like that? I like that for a sentence there The Bush administration in Congress is sealed back programs that aid the poor to help pay for 600 billion dollars in tax breaks That went primarily to those who were in law I'd like let's just round it off more than 300,000 dollars a year A cement were facts since I have such a difficult time getting my pay tax on time from this company How about send a me some cash? Okay, I'm having a tough time Here are the things that me will run I'm not a person, I'm a social man It's a pity that Some people call me on the side it Yeah, some come margin of every Some people call me this in grandchild Because when they speak I just do not care Pond it's talk about me baby Say I'm dumb, I am dumb Well best not a baby that's not it I just can't say can't say it's a one Because I'm a voter, not a number I'm smarter and they are dumb I just don't lie to you again Just parents, kind of scary And George Bush makes me weary I'm with the poor and when I die Because I'm a voter, not a loser I'm an end to penituted But I don't know which one to pay For the right way and on that way Stay for a stand for the same thing And never make it a mistake For those nights when you feel like a woman You're a model, you're a filocoment I feel like a woman But I think we'll get one right And then that's the time for Lady Brute It's the Retuffet at the precinct I smell like a man Which I hate, so I spray some of this stuff You know, and then I get down to the bar And you got a problem with it, time to eat Lady Brute, when you feel like a woman So a good, you want a good, you want a good You're a fraccage I'm dying of a hand with those little toys I'll be the greatest, great I'm a monster, a spirit, a spirit, a place of joy I can't let you go, you can't let me go Oh, we're fine Whatever we're at, time to sleep We're so found, we're found And now I'm a bit better, so we'll get to know I'm a monster, a future, a future We're a bachelor, all of a human life All of a kind, all of a human life Everybody in the hall, all of a kind You keep up very hard Oh, we got a good, you can't let me go Oh, we're fine We're so found, we're found And now I'm a bit better, so we'll get to know I'm a couple, we're so found And now I'm a bit better, so we'll get to know I'm a couple, we're so found And now I'm a bit better, so we'll get to know So we'll get to know We're so found, we're so found And now I'm a couple, so we'll get to know We're so found, we're so found And now I'm a bit better, so we'll get to know We're so found, we're so found And now I'm a bit better, so we'll get to know We're so found, we're so found And now I'm a couple, so we'll get to know We're so found, we're so found And now I'm a couple, so we'll get to know So we'll get to know We're so found, we're so found And now I'm a couple, so we'll get to know We're so found, we're so found And now I'm a couple, so we'll get to know We're so found, we're so found And now I'm a couple, so we'll get to know So we're so found we're so found And now I'm a couple, so we'll get to know We're so found, we're so found And now I'm a couple So we'll get to know We're so found, we're so found We're really so found, we're so found And now I'm a couple, so we'll get to know We're so found, we're so found And now I'm a couple, so we'll get to know We are the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who have been the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will have his name and who will be the one who will have his name and who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will have his name and who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will have his name and who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be the one who will be I was the United States of America. Who's a man? I'm Saddam Husband. I'm also a trip over the world. Bye bye. I'm Saddam Husband. I'm Saddam Husband. Max, you and I either. Thank you, baby.