And I'll be wearing non-sports files a few seconds after 10 or 12. Run as opposed to sports time. You're going back to Canada, but you're too fast. Okay. No head. There's no need to feel down or have no feet. You can touch the ground, a new eyeball. So put your glass eyeball down. There's a place you can be at the feathers. There's a special today for some fingers. It's double-proof on day and door buying. Listen to parts you'll find. You can use their new X-press line. You can use your body parts. You can use your body parts. You can use your body parts. You can use your body parts. You can use your body parts. You can use your body parts. You can use your body parts. You can use your body parts. You can use your body parts. You can get a new heart. Even a naughty part. You can put it on your credit card. I like it. I like it. I like to have a 50 WM-head day. I'll ask you something because the same patty's day parade was here yesterday. I like that too. Same patrists day as Wednesday, right? 17? Okay. Yeah. So in other words, it's another one of these holidays. All holidays have to be on the weekend or run a Monday or something like that. Well, of course. How could I ask you party? I see. And any rate? Very good news. Police in the southern Pakistan city of Karachi said they'd defuse a large bomb. I didn't want to bomb a grenade. Found in a stolen minivan parked outside the US consulate. We saved this place from big destruction. Karachi police officer Mohammed Irfan said to my left vehicle park next to the consulate perimeter wall this morning. And one questioned by a police said it broke in down promising to return to fix it. Police then found a water tank in the van filled with liquid explosives, which was hooked up to a timer and detonator found a supposed like what's called an and deactivated the device. Thank the Lord. There's a little bit of good news, right? Right. On to him tragedies because the world now of course is a much safer place. We removed captured Sodom and removed him from power. It's a much safer place just to the Spaniards. I guess somebody shouldn't pull that to the Spaniards before they went and voted. King Anzar is a president. King Anzar. They voted him out of office. I am so pissed off at the sunset only you have no idea. I'm just forming it to mouth. You people of the Sun Sentinel man you run a newspaper like Greg Reid runs a radio station like an idiot. God. For the I was so pissed off about this whole freedom of speech thing and all the stuff that's going on right now with your fascist Congress for the first time in my life. I emailed a letter to the editor to the Sun Sentinel on Saturday. Do you like it? Yeah. I don't know if it's in the paper because obviously I can't get the paper so I go online. They got the same letters to the editor today that they had yesterday. What about a pontoon and then there's one about some some Jack ass from Palm Beach who went fox hunting a hundred years ago in the Illinois and how some something brought back now. Stalk memories. I mean what a bunch of crap. And I'm writing a letter about you know does anybody care that the first amendment is history and that they're losing all of our freedoms and it's not in there unless it's actually in the physical paper itself. You've got one there somewhere. Oh come on. There must be a scum Sentinel somewhere. They would not have messed with a front section because there's no sports. They take a sports section out and then they throw the rest of it away in the rest of it. That's what it's good. Although I will say this will be pleased. No that our close personal friend Dennis O'Donovan has got to letter to the editor that did make it. Is my me here old you see. Matthews out of line with Catholic beliefs the hysterical Venice rights. Last week very university honored Chris Matthews of hardball with the David Brinkley award for excellence in communications. It's appropriate to on a great works of art andwood Retriever garless of the artist authors or beliefs however. When honoring someone who influences the viewing or listening public we cannot disassociate his accomplishments from his views. Would we honor a popular talk show host to believe that the Holocaust never happened or that segregation was acceptable. How can an ostensibly Catholic university give an award a Catholic person who says publicly that people should have a family. The right to abortion. Very present the present of St. Thomas University had the names to a full page at him a year old advocating passage of the gay rights of him in the county. Abortion and homosexual acts are prohibited by the Catholic church perhaps a public explanation is an order says Dennis in Miami. They're not his brand they're a little bit too Catholic light for Dennis. They're not Catholic for a business which is what he's looking for of course. Blow it out to your ass Dennis okay get lost get a life get a life chronic. Anyway, we had a lot of votes 2000 and some odd on our pool. What do you think was the best we make of hit some and the second place I mean I went on my bottom both of course being a schmuck that I. Not good on Heaven's door. Guns in roses wins 2706 was a tourist race nobody else was even close. Can you play a little bit of this? Why not? I just want to play a little bit. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Yeah. I'm not going on Heaven's door. Guns in roses 2706 wins the coming and second. Jimmy Henry chose to go dead. That had 243 and now I just got through playing about 30 seconds of each of them. How many? I can't make it and I can't make it. That had 243 and now I just got through playing about 30 seconds of each of them. How many? But thirty man and I can't make it. And I can't make both CDs because I'm never going to play them again. That's not not. See now all along to watch tower Bob Dylan and it was on Bob Dylan's greatest hits volume two the only problem was it was never hit for Bob Dylan But that's okay. Well, we'll love you. I'm humor you 276 243 for all along to watch star shot to share five Bob Marley 70 a lot of watch the stuff in there You know this I wonder if that's because of that the goofball and Fresno that lunatic Oh, you think nice haircut by the way. What a look? It was a family affair sure Twist and soft by the beetle 69 shame on them blinded by the light man for man bad spelling 63 I will always love you Whitney Houston 62 you really got me by Van Halen 60 little help for my friends Joe Altic honor 53 cocaine a reclepton 52 and I'm not gonna read them all too much too many They're just I just smith can those cities They're gonna play me and also got the locomotion by a grand funk I'm not even gonna bother playing with proud Mary I can see the turner 45 on chain melody by the righteous brothers 43 originally done by Al Hibler High Hitler Purified Johnny Cash 43 McCarthrew Park down a summer 42 C of love by the hundred repers 42 and Respect you reaper Franklin 41. That's enough There were 80 million different songs on it. It was okay. Had it were 2000 votes. They had some interest What is this from my good friend dick fineburg at Pompano Park? I only cut part of your show on Friday But I had a couple of songs for your pull. Oh, you're like wally Hennessy crossing the finish line long after everybody else is already back at a paddock dick Good guyly Miss Molly by little Richard we made by Mitch writer in the Detroit wheels As part of him. I would devil with a blue dress on in the doors like my favorite with Jose Feliciana, which is on there by the way that light my fire Now devil with a blue dress on is one at bubble like a lot. Yeah That American or what Oh It says although this doesn't really fit the category it here is this the star spangled banner by Francis Scott key We made by Jimmy Edwards What a comedian huh? Please give us a push this week for the wonder from down under Vince Sylvester and his hot to try to firework show this Saturday March 20 See when April says my good friend dick fineburg at Pompano Park there you go don't forget to Vince Sylvester And it's hot to try to firework show on Saturday March 20. It sounds like this Saturday at Pompano Park right? There's a nice little free plug for my good friends at Pompano Park So speaking of those as fan years were a little bit out of sorts, would that be a good way to put it? A little bit pissed off and fired up the leader of Spain's Victoria Socialists said today that he'll bring his nation's troops home from Iraq by June 30 For pulling a campaign promise a day after his parties win elections overshadowed by terrorist bombings The surprise defeat of Prime Minister Jose Maria as the Atna you know they do I'll pronounce everything with a like a captain. Yeah, if you know that. Yes, they do because I was watching BBC last night And they had their a corresponding in the fancy They don't have his name Jose Maria atna The defeat over the conservatives marked the first time a government that back to Westwood Ward and Iraq has been voted out of office And came a midcharges that atna are made spent a target for terrorist by supporting the war Thursdays trained bombings the worst terrorist attacks in Espanius history killed 200 people and wounded some 1500 mole And they're not too happy about it in Spain because they realized that they were sucked into a war that they don't want to be in the first place And by by to a Jose Maria aathnar Let's say Sean my sincerest apologies for subjecting your show to the rock and roll we make pull to be fair What does that mean? What was wrong with that pole? No, we had a good time without you didn't like it all at the fine To be fair much like your QM contract. It looks like a good idea on paper I will in the future strive to accentuate the negative when it repossible I don't see anything wrong with that pull Sean okay all defensive PSM Gibson says he won't be pressured to tone down the anti-Semitic theme of Chris Christ movie and doesn't care how many she needs you He'd be cutts come out of the world work Excellent and the excellent news for him is he's making $250 million from this movie and the hits just keep on coming Wow, you know what he said? I don't get how many they go get you what grease ball come on come out on a one That's what mail said you can't you can't sell some pell smell You can't spell smell without mail Wow, I'm sure sorry I said that oh Let's pick out of the abominings in Spain. I just mentioned this in passing Because we had all the conflicting stories, but I beat by the boop all on that Look as what One of three Moroccan's busted in Madrid's horrific slew of charter train bombings has links to Spain's Fiendish al-Qaeda chief one of the masterminds of the 911 attacks Jamal Zugam 30 God, heard him man is a follower of charer madman Imad Adin Barakat Yarkus also known as Abu Dada A lot of his rakendua ii diameen dada Who was jailed in November 2001 for helping to plan the US plane hijackings 911 Spanish indictments says so there's very very little doubt of this boy It was an al-Qaeda deal and they sent a message like Joey Zazan a message being if you're gonna participate and Invading Arab countries like that, but I'm being Hit you back that was the message Pretty sad A lot of dead people because of El Presidente and thanks by the way Mr. President for those low gas prices I'll never forget that call as long as I live from some young punk who should probably be horse tied Horse whipped into hand tied or however that goes remember that call yes, you said do thanks for the low I guess prices Mr. President and the wonderful job you doing right Wow Prices for all grades of gasoline rose 1.34 since the last two weeks to a record high Nation watt average of 177 a gallon for regular news show in this art This is a what is it a P story There's a photo here of a Chevron station, but it doesn't say where and it shows the prices 2.53 nine for unleaded plus and supreme unleaded 2.63 nine what a bargone 1014 at 560 WQM if you're not losing a weight like you would hope to win the Camelander turn from December to the N-Aro And you thought you were gonna make that New Year's resolution really do it for yourself probably because you don't know how to do it A lot of us fat people try your all the other fads whatever the latest fat isn't just doesn't work for us Well Balance for life is no fat. It's the answer for a lot of people out there because it's the premiere Meal delivery service based on the zone diet our friends at balance for life to live a right-year dough 3 meals and two snacks every day that's five feet in So with all that food, how can you really say you're out of diet? Try the real meal service that delivers results based on very serious Design diet don't settle for limitations imagine there's no shopping no cooking no cleaning no calorie counting Not even any carbohydrate counting people are losing an average of 12 to 18 pounds a month with balance for life The zone diet is proven to lower diabetes high cholesterol and high blood pressure too in other words to make a long Shory stored keep you alive and now if you ever wanted to try the South Beach fat here's you chance to because balance for life Is the closest thing you'll ever find how because balance for life is the only meal delivery company that offers you menu choices Let you go from phase one to phase three of the South Beach diet. I guess that they do well A cooking for you. There's no preservative. No editors nothing artificial nothing frozen Delicious great goodies to keep you happy and satisfied all day long Feel the difference see the results on the scale in a matter of a days called balance for life today at their new toll free number it's 1 8 6 6 2 2 5 45 43 that's 1 8 6 2 5 45 45 43 or check them out online at balance for life.com This for 20 or 30 Where you if ah This hog brought me to God for ten years now. This guy comes beyond his imagination. With cursed hands, No big brothers, those special, lost legs But people born and two, they're lost in class The breaking of self is wrecked All across the US, they ain't In a Texas movie, was a hit, and that is growing But cash is still being bought up, they ain't Not born, has to be changed No girls, whoever lays No big brothers, those special, lost legs But people born and two, they're lost in class All you have to do is price, there's a few days Man, Mel Gibson's going to make $250 million Exploiting the Bible, splitting all these courtyards That's gone, Mel Why not? Other people do that cash That's right, why not? At least he's going to have to pay taxes on it Yeah What am I going to do with this scumbag in Fresno? What are we going to do with this creature? Marcus, the lawn, whessin' I say, I grease him up with the whessin' oil Or anybody in everybody wants to have their way with them, go to it How about bread it and fried? Ooh, sounds good to me Put him on a border right now Clean up that hair though, a little bit for a skim Good haircut, start to be very deep Starting at the neck, we'll get that little later on I got too heavy plate again Here's today's poll question A little bit more on the serious side Then Sean's silly ass poll I mean, Sean's great poll, they were both the hit songs That was fun, we had a good time with that, was wrong with that Nah I don't want to be like, definitely serious We're not going to go back to that light bulb Junior here, are we? And be a little bit too noisy For some of those people out there, we're more concerned about Pond tunes and fox hunting Did anybody come in with a sunsetting A little bit of front section? No, there are, there is none in the building There is none in the building You think I'm joking when I say that they pull the sports page out And then throw away the useless rest of it And then more probably steals the sunsetting And we'll be too cheap to buy it at home And takes it back to Boker Wouldn't surprise me Maybe somebody on one of these calls has got the sunsetting QAM hello How are you doing Neil? Okay, I got a billboard sighting for you Yes On 177th, I would even go to the city of St. Northwest Oh, who the hell lives out there? I think giving an idea of light mirror international mall Am I? Oh my god, nobody speaks English there Well, I do I get to see a place that we time my come home I'm driving home You're the one Me, any update on Joe Mark? Don't hold your breath Oh, okay I'm glad you reminded me, don't hold your breath Thanks Yeah, the Joe Mark show has been cancelled for the immediate future By QM, I see on our schedule Sporting news radio all week from 2 to 5 in the morning Which is unacceptable George and I have been discussing this And we can convince that the UN is sure I'm convinced that I want to put words in your mouth But it's okay, we're both convinced that this is a cost cutting measure By Beesley Broadcasting that has nothing to do with some newty picture That was on our website somewhere because let's face it like I told Clarence this morning before the show If you go in and put a stark naked picture of Brittany Spears for example On Scroan and when it's this right now Aside from having to fight off every meal in a building with exception of freaky Carlos And maybe Clarence and stuff But I'm in that Uh, you know what she wouldn't say? I'm going to sue Brittany Spears because her naked picture is here and I'm offended No, she'd sue whoever if she was offended, which I doubt But if she were, it was, she'd sue whoever to help put the picture there That's sexual harassment So whoever's responsible for that picture being on somebody's computer monitor That's the person that should have been fired, not you and Mark So we don't believe that story, the story keeps changing, they keep emballishing it You know they're just to embarrass to come out and say, well, it's a cost cutting measure And so as a result that we don't want to pay anybody to live over Not because there's no revenue there Because believe you me to Beesley's are cutting here and cutting there Did we ever get an answer about the Boca Bride did he ever get an answer on that? No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no Talk about a bunch of cheap bastards if they would stop giving money to Republican candidates And give more money to the people are working for their radio stations They'd be a hell of a lot better off And stay a given at the 96% of their 47,000, 750 dollar donation so far this year To the Republicans and only 4% of the Democrats, you fashes pigs you man Who the hell you people can? Other than the deals, what website you like best for news and information Little bit on the serious side, did they ever get me a little bit too newsy That's okay other than our website, which we're pretty damn proud of let me just tell you this not only Was I whipped up on Saturday about right in the letter of the editor? I also wrote a letter to radio ink early, because I tried to Which is one of the trade publications and it wouldn't go through Hmm after reading the publisher well he's doing this dreamy column about well He was reminiscing about how many summers we have left in his friend that was talking to him about well Yeah, and I wrote a letter to the editor saying you know, guess what freedom of speech has no summers left in America Because it's dead while you're writing all these dreamy columns about nostalgia and crap And it wouldn't go through. Well the pages expire and I tried two different times I wrote a brilliant letter. Did you ever do that? Oh, I'll just write something out on the you know trying to send something and it just disappears You have to start all over there. Well twice was enough for me So then I decided to write to the son, and they're writing about pond tunes and Fox chasing fox hunting Man, you any similarity between the soft Florida fish wrappers and a real newspaper is purely coincidental That's one of the biggest problems in that town. I've said that for years. How many years have I said that? I've heard of man. We had a real newspaper in South Florida. Maybe a lot of things would change, but we don't we got fish wrappers How can you possibly have the same letters to the editor and look at this and must not be in there because they're not getting like a flurry of call QAM hello Neil yes sir. I was on prom date and I saw these white cars and kind of like please come on now yellow lights off Yes, every time I see him there's something 90 years old driving it. You're called Yeah, it's called coffins on patrol I'll try fast to try to slow the way you stop. Fine. Okay. Thanks. Coffee's up patrol. I like that Oh, it's almost as good as Duke canoe anyway Other than the hills what website you like best for news and information common dreams dot org I just put three here. I never finished my story about smoking chimp dot com. I never even got to it Common dreams dot orgs. Merchingshimp dot com. Tom pain dot com. Obviously there's a many others and you can fax them in column and whatever. We'll see which one you like best Now smoking chimp dot com. We use a lot of their stories on our website. It's a tremendous website and I noticed that there always Kind of begging for money. So No, they've got a lot of readers Hmm, but their readers are cheap. They like for free. You like soft load. And so I saw them begging for us as if if you only give us five dollars a month We could do this net and so I went on there and I clicked on it to make a donation. I sent him 500 bucks on Saturday You're a humanitarian Well, hey listen. It's about time we started you know the right way. Yeah, man. The the skies the limits for them. I wasn't being sarcastic And all these lino, but I'm saying all these limousine liberals talk of the game, but what comes to go to cough up a few bucks. They don't do a damn thing Oh, by the way, we got Adrian Barbonekid on our website today upside down no less. Adrian Barbonekid. I never realized you looked that good, but anyway. She used to so I sent them 500 bucks So within a matter of just minutes. I get an email back from the guy who's obviously the head hunchie with smirkingchimp dot com He says wow all I can say is wow. Thank you very much So I emailed a back to tell him who I wasn't about the show never heard of this show never heard of our website Link is They're not gonna link us all of the year. You know, they all heard of the Randy road show Right because and you wanted to why because her listeners her achy listeners are 45 of Altacaca listeners up there in Palm Beach They do something see our listeners if you go check me around you Dot com. No listen if you check me online and you get 25 different versions of check your facts New Rogers cathart Harris is still alive that story Yeah, that's my legacy on the internet is the cathart Harris episode which lasted about a minute and a half on his show And by the way quite frankly, I wish you would have croaked 10 27 at five 60 WQM are your hungry. You want to break from the kitchen air mold coast would like to take care of the cooking for you today Just relax walk in here and have a feast start out with six different kinds of fantastic soups and then sample dozens and Zillions of delicious mouthwatering on phrase like New York strip made order and this is the Asian grilled along with a brand new seafood change Rock enjoy oysters on a half show. Last can stone crowd middle-ed clans jumbo shrimp scampy jumbo what See a scampy every night if you still have room sample their handcar primary been their new Thai specialties to The air I think Josh is about his niche in life, you know the amoco's Profate promotes healthy living cooking all of their fine cuisine with only cholesterol free or as no MSG no cornstarch No pounding headache when you walk out of there. There were faith features a full salad bar the new sushi bar and fresh See a cocktail too and because you deserve it and real coast if you're real cow They have a full desert station to featuring Belgian waffles pies cakes pastries ice cream with all your favorite toppings and fresh fruit Even waterbell and be waiting for you to it's the perfect ending to a gigantic pig out Amoco's relocations for you. They're in sunrise pine I let a 44th street there on columns seven and north of 163rd north by me beat also you find the newest one at the intersection of flamingo and pemor grows in prestigious Comber pies so take the gossamish pohor book your next business lunch and right now and let our good friends at the Emerald coast to the cooking for you by the way Richard the least are out fall and fast And I'm not talking about off the trees take out and liveries always available to call nine five four five seven two thirty eight twenty two That's nine five four five seven two thirty eight twenty two for the unbeatable world flaming Emerald coast Chinese buffet Video five sixty two a Disgusting program I urge everyone to complain to the station my fellow Americans We've entered a new era and this new era requires new responsibilities go for the government and for our people And realize that for the first time ever We do not believe women should be educated or should have health care or should leave their homes People are going about their daily lives Working in shopping and playing as shallow materialistic consumers who care only about getting rich or getting ahead And this is good for America I'm encouraging school children kill all Americans and we will prevail good riddance Oh 10 thirty two a five sixty double to cure my tell you one thing boy put those newty pictures on here in our website just goes Not do you see that see what you didn't see that that the thing was like overloaded I couldn't even finally just came on now. Oh It doesn't turn aware Yeah It's been like that for about five minutes ever since I mentioned we got a Vian Bar ball start naked there on our website today Behind the be the curtain of course you must be at least 18 because John Ashcroft is watching you The bad news is he's out of the hospital Law I can see we're gonna be a lot of suggestion see again if I want to ask what website you like best for naked pictures We've got a lot of those here Other than deals what website you like best for news information Smork each hit dot com is got what nine Common dreams that works got three time pain dot condo and have any and see only three put on there I should just listen to them all I'm telling you another one that I like that we should have a link to media hoars online. That's an excellent website Have you ever read that? No, media hoars online. I just mentioned that in passing Eric. Oh Buzz flash. They're good post flash dot com is excellent Well, let's start putting these on here because these are going to call in with these huh They're not even calling and tell me what the eliters to be editor in the sun sent with my letter got in there Not take it John just got a facts from John saying both flash Yeah, and I thought saying that maybe you're led or the editor was in there today I mean, how can the letters to the editor be the same in some days paper as they are today's paper According to the prestigious Sunset website you ask holes you idiots you alluded to you you may the x Oh, it's only about freedom of speech nothing important. I mean, it's not as important as those pond tuned votes and those fox hunts man That's important Line nine QAM hello Neil yes, sir green some QS I have a website for you. Okay good. It's called propaganda matrix dot com and You know you type in top again a matrix dot com forward slash links It's got newspapers articles column myths from all over the world Really it's a great source To get you know like real opinions from real people from the real world Excellent that's what we need I'm out of material thanks Yes, we are thanks live. Oh, by the way speaking of that George head is appearance over the weekend. What was Saturday? yeah, was where was it at Any card you thank you any a card you die People showed up. Yeah a few Well, how many would you say? Or maybe 20. Well, that's pretty good for I mean general those things are just a wash That is supposed to nobody show enough just for you going out there just to get paid and get a few free sandwiches Especially now that your daughter busted your own washer dryer and almost killed us all and almost burned her house down by slash dot com and zinette And disinformation dot com and Michael more dot com Oh, yeah, it's favorite look at this this is this facts is pretty Outstanding this covers all the territories got a whole bunch of different websites and it's even got a little caricature of I'm listening the mole man The mole myster. Oh, you know what we haven't played in a cool zay done a show Oh, I was inspired for that because it's a mole was saying that Oh, I don't know what oh, you all these up there on top of his piece on top of the musk that's it He is the mulling aka musk r and so thanks for this very colorful and creative facts Michael Lord dot com are you putting all of these on there because I don't Josh is you know, I'm not gonna run down Josh can do it It'll give him something to do his hands busy 560560 pound 560 got a great column by John Nichols in the nation today the oh, oh, it's about you know I keep I keep scouring I keep waiting. I mean is can it only be me Why why do so many people seem to be disinterested? That was the crux of my letter that I tried to write to the sonson, which maybe they'll publish And they probably won't about what does it take to get the American public off their ass to light a fire out of these people Maybe that's what your daughter was trying to do last night. Yeah, trying to light a fire out of the public By burning your house down And in decent proposal the online beat by John Nichols in the nation gonna read that moment here. I make read a lot of stuff today Why don't I W Q a hello? Pretty good sir. I was wondering did you catch that any live or the sense in this weekend neither one Saturday night live was hysterical Did you see that of the Humpty Dumpty the past? Yes, that's that. I'm beautiful hysterical with the little bush campaign The passion of Humpty Dumpty Did they through in the bush ad they would do with commercials with the bush? Yeah, and they just ripped the crap out of a month Great job a rip it and push yes They're Okay, it was a good decision Huh and 60 minutes to zone. I heard the Simpson's some shots at the Ronnie Reagan Jr Faming that's what I heard and the vice president's died daughter That's what I heard could be just a rumor, but that's the we're got so 60 minutes. I also missed and they had a piece about the opinion drugs We've been trying to tell you for a long time while a good news is I got that little later on Oh from the A and P White House and GOP forced to take a new look at important drugs from Canada a I like that So they're not so bad after all They're not gonna kid ya. They're not poisoned and they're not from a bunch of food who witch doctors somewhere in Southeast Asia How do you like that speaking of witch doctors? What are we gonna do with that Western scumbag? I say turn his body over to Florence Henderson killed all of those kids There was all that incest going on in there. He had like some of the kids were his daughter somewhere like his granddaughter is by him I mean what are we talking about six females 24 17 8 7 and 21 year olds and three boys 7 4 and one And who's that kid that they keep interviewing was he also one of that cop rasta? Well, what was the was his story? Don't know because he looks like he needs at least one foot Sotter down on a ground Anyway 21 before 11 we need to add a few more goes on the website would be a good idea Josh I don't want to be pushy, but we need to add a few more and feverishly because we only got 20 votes because we don't have any choices on there Smirkingchimp.com 13. No, it would be very nice if some of the other websites would link to us I know that drug retorted which we think them profusely who's who's the other one? Lynn Samuel's of course Who else That kid I mean we're like in everybody else. How come they won't link to us so that people can actually get well? Huh Well probably because we're a little bit too perverse for some of these people We're not doing the pure all news heavy duty very serious all of that progressive talk network I'm gonna tell you right now and I wish Randy the best That thing is gonna go over like halvon Saudi Arabia because Liberals are just not into that You know like MSNBC they thought what they put Donny who on oh he's gonna he's gonna be the breakthrough guy Liberals don't pay any attention to that stuff. They just don't care unfortunately Just like us every time we get into a election season all of a sudden rush goes back up We beat the pants off a rush every month every book year after year, but as soon as it either becomes election year or it becomes a politically Hot situation right away the rush people come rushing to was aid especially now We'll maran dry 20 before 11 at 5 60 WQM. This is the last mortgage you'll ever need folks. It's the only one mortgage from financial group The benefits are incredible you pay zero closing costs zero application fee Zero credit bureau fee and even zero discounted points Get yourself a new low interest rate amazingly low just 1.25 percent if you have a hundred thousand dollar low in your payments are only 334 month if you have a 200 thousand dollar your payments are a mere 608 a month and don't forget Once you be finance or get new home mortgage from financial group you'll never ever Take closing costs again if you want the details there's no obligation call them today toll free at At 1 866 395 land get the low rate mortgage you deserve then move to your next property with no further cost of expense You pay zero underwriting fees zero dot fees zero closing costs even when you move to another property Get yourself that new low rate financing will just 1.25 percent with the only one mortgage from financial group And never ever pay closing cost again for details column full free at their new number it's one 866395 land That's one 866395 L E and E the Renekwell housing lender restrictions apply rates are substitute to change monthly 4.21 APR Do you retain her Inside We do How tell you Look in that put what the story in a better century than if singing you'll be spelling Well hanging curtains up and so block these should be cooking up a new recipe Well, while lawyers wonder how to get her out should be an event on its lunch Brown no doubt it makes in your oven super she knows what trouble goes with it Best is a lady that's worth over a billion bucks are who'll be embroidery hearts around license plate for trucks Before the cafeteria they please each folding jails got a floor center piece She can sell it Copenhagen right good, but she got pretty fashion and green I'm sure she'll make riddle like home with be all maybe try to decorate her appeal like this Mom is doing In a more think about it the throw ration there now she was worth a billion dollars and she cheated the government out of 50 grand Okay, and then light light about it that's what she is going up for is that she light about it Not the cheos did the insider training when you worth a billion dollars net you that you see you deserve whatever you get Screw you Martha now. I don't see bus flash dot com and there, but I do see on our this this poll today This is gonna be the greatest disaster in history just when we're starting to make some gigantic progress We're gonna how to deceive cane show dot com come from where did that come from oh? That was the in a garbage facts. I gave the trash sorry. There's a reason I threw it in the garbage And then I get pulled the whole bunch out of the garbage so that he'd get the spellings right and that was one of them He's really doing it today Let's see the nation online, which is great between abandoned who will David corn and John Nichols, which I got the sweater article here the online beat and In decent proposal it's on our website today See probably it's a stupid question because what do they need all these other websites when they can read neo-rogies dot com right and Also see a billion barbo behind a beat in Britain, which they won't see on these other websites We are moving in the direction of undermining the first amendment said US representative Ron Paul the Maverick Tetsch It was the only Republican member of the house to oppose the broadcast decency enforcement act of 2004. Let me say it again. He was the only Republican member of the house to oppose it Paul one of the least likely defenders of shockjacks like Howard Stern and Bubba the Love Spunge is of course correct The measure which passed the house by a photo 391 to 22 last week was written with the intent of preventing broadcast personalities from engaging in certain forms of Potentially offensive speech by threatening them and the stations at which they appear with financial ruin Under the legislation that passed the house defined for non-air personality who violates the yield defined decency standard applied by the FCC Would rise from 11,000 to a half a million dollars the fine against the owner of the station On which the violation was heard and seen would rise from 27,500 to a half a million dollars Before the vote officials of the American Federation of television and radio artist earths the measures defeat with union president John Conley and executive Director Greg Hessinger arguing led to the house members that such legislation should be rejected on the grounds that it represents an Unconstitutional threat to free speech would have an unnecessary chilling effect on artistic freedom Rep. Are you cracking your knuckles? No, so to Representative Gary Acreman Democrat in New York was blunt or if implemented the congressman said the law would not have a chilling effect It would have a freezing effect the explain Marvin Johnson and AC and you legislative council said the very notion of blood distillation runs How did everything prescribed in the first amendment the vagueness of the language lead broadcasters and individuals to Stycle their remarks and remains silent red then rust the run the risk of facing an FCC fine Not only will our first amendment write suffer, but so will the national dialogue in the end We're left with no clear understanding of just what is in decent and more yet It seems we will only find out when huge fines are levied on broadcasters or speakers So how did a flawed piece of legislation win such overwhelming bipartisan support in the house the answer has a lot to do with these flaws Even members who knew the proposal was bad policy figured it was safe to support because the bills prospects in the Senate seemed slim and Because if it ever did become law the measure would face a certain court challenge Well, that's always a good reason to vote for something isn't it sure winner The push for the broadcast decency enforcement act of 2004 which ramped up after singer Janet Jackson's breast was exposed during the Super Bowl show Rep. presents the worst sort of election year show voting It is directed only at over the earth television radio stations No restrictions are placed on the nation's booming cable and satellite TV in the satellite radio networks And does not begin to address one of the primary factors in the explosive growth of programming that Americans find offensive The concentration of control of radio stations and fewer and fewer hands after most limits on ownership We're limited with the passage by Congress of the telecommunications act in 1996 As corporation such as Clear channel if brought up local a bought up local radio stations They have swept out hometown programming the tended to reflect regional differences or that at the least Respotted the local complaints and imposed programming in personalities with no connection of the community The fact is higher fines are got to do nothing argue representative Dave Obey Democratic Wisconsin if you want to do something to give communities the ability to stop this nonsense You'll take away from the FCC the ability to broadcast power in the hands of a few corporations Representative Michael Maurice Hinchy Democrat in New York one of the most outspoken advocates for media reform and e-commerce Explain that the House legislation dealt only with the symptoms of the problem and not with the underlying cause Concentrated ownership yet when the votes were counted even Obey and Hinchy voted for the measure Only 22 members including Paul and Acumen had the courage to actually vote no with most of them voicing free speech concerns Another 20 members voted press and they're simply didn't vote at all among those voting know where many of the House's most progressive members Including California Democrats Maxine Waters, Barbara Lee, so Loughquin and Pete Stark as well as New Yorkers Jerry needler and Jose Serrano Congressional progressive caucus co-chair Dennis Cassinage, Democrat of Ohio also voted know as the Georgia Democrat John Lewis the Veterans Civil Rights activist Michigan Democrat John Congress the right team Democrat on the House to this year committee was among the members who did not vote That's cut see while the House bill passed overwhelmingly it must still clear some high hurdles before it becomes the law of the land There appears to be less interest in the issue in the Senate than there was in the House and if the Senate does act It'll be on a significantly different piece of legislation While the Senate bill would also raise fines to half a million dollars it includes an amendment that addresses the media concentration Concerns by raised by Obey and Hinchy the Senate bill at pass would put on hold the media ownership rule changes endorsed by the FCC In a three to two vote last June under the provision which was proposed by North Dakota Democrat Byron Durgan and approved by the Senate Commerce Committee The GAO would conduct a year-long study of the relationship between media consolidation and the growth of a number of indecency complaints The FCC's move to ease ownership limits would then be reassessed on the basis of the GAO study Because Senate majority leader the anxious bill for its Republican latencies under pressure from the Bush administration To preserve the ownership rule changes which are popular with large media companies and campaign contributors associated with them It's unlikely that a bottle be scheduled anytime soon I'm legislation that includes the drug and amendment threats to freedom of speech may not be much more of concern of the Senate than the word of the House But threats to powerful corporations and campaign communities are another matter altogether Written by John Nichols in the nation today on their outstanding website nobody cares That's the saddest part nobody gives a flying crap and speak of the goody two shoes cheap channel Remember John hooking going out about well we've come up with new standards and we're gonna do this we're gonna do that The FCC on Friday handed clear channel notice of a fair liability That proposed a 247,500 dollar penalty against the company that broadcast For broadcast maybe year ago by WWE DC washed in based morning host Elliott Siegel That were ruled in decent by the FCC the proposed fine reflects the maximum finally agency may let me 27,500 multiplied by nine The material in question also where non Elliott in the morning affiliate. So WRXL Richmond and WOSC Self-Bruce Ocean City, Maryland which are owned by clear channel and We've all survived a March 13th 2003 live on your interview with an unidentified woman and discussion of adult film star Ron Jeremy When asked what the woman liked about Jeremy she responded the way he looks See the Sigma was also featured in promotional segments for the Elliott show that aired twice that day on DC 101 WRXL and WOSC so here's another clear channel operation WWDC and washman getting 5247 100 plus the 700 and some thousand they just paid for above a loved lost one we're talking to million dollars So, but I mean they're doing a lot of looking but it's not in the right place huh? Spend a little less ground. I'm sorry Jeremy And speaking a cheap channel as the continue making news all of it bad The city of coming 10 Kentucky is sued clear channel saying the multi-billion dollar company has not paid its business taxes since at Bocche court communications six years ago hasn't paid its business taxes They're they're like the beeslaze only worse Clear channel which reported earnings of nearly nine billion dollars last year has its corporate headquarters in San Antonio But maintains an office in coming them It's unclear how much clear channel owes the city the lawsuit doesn't put a dollar amount on the debt city officials didn't have an exact figure The city says more documentation is needed to turn a determine the amount I don't think that we know because clear channel didn't supply certain documents that we need City solicitor J4 set totally Kentucky post Coming to finance director Bob do mention to the Kentucky post since clear channel bought j Core 1999 They've not filed a net profit return. They paid payroll tax on their employees But haven't filed net profit the lawsuit says that city imposes a business license fee if two and a half percent on all net profits From activities conducted in the city So there you go share channel again playing fast and lose for the law and with their money and with a FCC and everything else So eventually they're not they're not donating enough See they're only doing 2080 20% to Democrats and 80% of Republicans out of the 380 18,000 they donated so far this year that 110 Other than meals what website you like best for news and information this went is going over like a pregnant full of altering July Smoking chim.com 18 common dreams.org 10 Michael more dot com 7 Tom pain.com 4 Vust flash three the nation three and media horrors.com 2 out of 49 votes pretty slim pickards Maybe I'll come up with a different pool and put it up there at noon Oh, they don't like this one You know what I'm saying why don't they like it? You're asking me I don't know WQM hello the nation three. Oh yes, sir. Yeah. I have a What type of role go right there please call the net dot I'm sorry the hunt dot net The hunt yeah H-U-N the on dot net as an atilar right exactly what is it? It's a porn set. Yes. No Go ahead All this money that goes to the fine from the fine or them all we're all that money going feed Michael Paul Besides that ass. Oh, that's who that is So this is no sense of my even looking it out for what you're saying no no sense of telling you it's pouring It's a porn site. Okay. You're a moron That's a fat the Fat for its brother Yeah, it's a porn site The hunt dot net But that's good. So there's a porn site for all you people over the age of 18 anybody else Sue screw in okay, did we ever fight out the name of the bitch that got you a mark fired no You know something I don't believe there is any bitch that got them fired. I think that whole story is BS I think it's just an excuse just like they were gonna fire you based on the fact that on another line Remember that sure. Oh, well George is lied to me. I can't have people working here. We lied to me So cool to I read right. I did lie to him Good keep it up keep up the good work You Odd you This week on NBC you're good the friends episodes too hot for television You think it happens, but you're brother. Let's go. Let's go. Are you crazy? Patrick is about to happen? We're gonna see you to make you get off your sister God oh Friends too hot for television no one is hotter than we are one thing was what no Before you know what we were kissing obviously lost his mind well This is what happens when people live on the edge not a vibe for underage viewers or anyone using strange characters for me Their child pet car. I don't tell it or Jennifer It's 111560 WQM happy Monday to blow we're off to a real crawling start today man Lauren must be saying panties date. Don't you think Even here yet Scrooly Irish the odds of March though 71 votes smurkin shimped.com 24 common dreams that are 17 Michael more calm nine bus flash 7 the nation seven time pain.com for mediahors.com too We also should add a couple of more categories. I'm thinking because of a fat boys boy friend there I don't get news. I don't read the internet for information or news. How's that? That's right? Right, I got all about those people there's why you got that Josh Guys, I don't I don't read the internet for news or information And what would another one be in the same kind of category? I don't have a computer Yeah, I don't have a computer. That's a good one. I just stole this one The borrowed this one from the same person power 96 that keeps flashing those nude pictures on there from the join March show That got them fired allegedly see there's no point my going through a whole summit of dance on that because I I get no response I get no feedback in fact my clearance was in there this morning and it's my bank because it's beginning of the week We're all slow on Monday. I should have asked him I mean did you get a lot of calls and you get some faxes because we posted that right on our website For people to complain call clearance or facts or whatever I never got a response nothing just move it more like that See that's the way Greg likes it not only has you got the weasel on most head Absolutely got a bunch of weasels working there for them So they just though yes, yes, I wouldn't you say master whatever you say I like that cartoon about the downsizing, but it's a visual thing right 5670560 pound 560 don't forget Adrian Barbone Nicke Let's just make a pornographic website. That's what I say. Oh, like we're gonna save the world I Send a letter to the end of the day the first time in my life I get so whipped up to a frenzy I read a letter the editor online to the sun signal and they don't even change the letters in here I can't even get a call from one person in the audience today who hasn't wrapped their fish already your line to bottom of the bird cage Who can find where the letters are you know you open up that last inside page where the editorial is Are in on a bottom there those things call letters to the editor? Just to let me know if that letter if they published it today or not can't do it Here we are supposedly a major market radio station can't find the broward newspaper No, gots look at Fox. They got stew gots we know gots WQM hello Speaking oh how are you doing pretty good? I've had a few letters published over the last 10 years. They may not publish you a letter for up to 10 that you know I'm a 10 days really yeah, why are you a chronic letter writer? No, but I just quote you on one of them that have to do with them changing the over time rules and I was picking on the push administration and I got hate mail sent to my house really? Oh, yeah, because they ask your address They will print your entire address, but my particular name there are too many left names in this community God with my name and I think get a few people who ever that way will Republicans because they didn't like me taking over Republicans Changing the over time rules for the working man But let me ask you how can I have the same letters to the editor on a website today that they have listed for yesterday? I have today's paper. I can't speak. I haven't seen the internet today You're not in today's But don't get you know, let's say you what you actually want is you want to be in Sunday's paper because Sunday more people read it and They will actually supposedly they they've called my house when you get published They have you up this book at least verbally give them a release to find you know To get an intaprancer letter. Oh, well, they're not gonna I didn't give them my phone number I give them the phone number for the radio station I'm not gonna give my home phone number screw them Yeah, well, then maybe so much for radio station will get a phone call on you I actually quoted you when something in that same letter and it said don't confuse people with the past Well, go right to another letter. Okay until more all pissed off. Thanks chronic 567. Oh 566 now he's a good guy just a little chronic pound 560 on the AT and T and Verizon wireless lines So the letters that kind of be in the first place. They call you back to verify it. Why can't they email you? right. Why can't you Stop asking questions. No, seriously. They ask for your email address is not the way people communicate now I'll check right especially when you send them a letter online They should email you back and say we want to verify yada yada yada yada yada is this your is this you? Guess it is you idiots that I could have put it in our screw Plus how many people really read the letters to the editor Like this last guy he's a good guy, but he's a chronic letter writer and he always tried to do something Well, this part again to a win store. I'm that's all. So we're doing forget about it Just let's look at a lot of naked pictures and have a good time and it's all we can do. I mean what's the point? WQM hello Yes, sir Mr. Rogers. I want to commend you on actually saying something about what's going on right now I really miss you. She's too much to front of my phone. You've been really Shumping about this. I commend you for either question The article that you just read as it mentioned any we've public in So that no That no two two only two, but they're only 22 votes for against the period They're only there are they to their only two Republicans who voted against it all the rest of the Republicans voted for it But again keep it okay keep in mind the only 20 Democrats who voted against the two and all the rest of the Democrats voted for it too Yeah, I I Mean that you would the problem with this is exactly the If the Democrats are playing politics just as much you'll never know Sure, absolutely no question about it. You see it's called spinalistness this business about well It's not gonna go through the center. They went so therefore they don't have to you know be on the record A voting for what they consider be something on popular which is called smudts They don't have to be voting for in decency and of course that's not really the issue The issue was free speech the first amendment the issue was a bunch of people sitting around a table somewhere Making up rules as they go along and nobody even understands Well, I want to thank you for your show a sexual and have a good day. Thanks a lot, pal And by the way, I've been reading a lot of stuff You know, I'm all for Howard Stern beyond the year, but but the bottom line there are two things that really bug me about Howard number one his ego And this is nothing new was so massive. This isn't about Howard Stern Bug at love sponge got fired all together. He's not on the or anywhere is trying to get on satellite radio now But he got canned over in Tampa. He had the number one show over there This guy in DC he's probably gonna get canned that brought out there and San Francisco. She got canned for stuff that got on from a tape by accident And this business about you know on Howard Stern's coming up with he's gonna be the next The the Mel Gibson character. He's been crucified all this other stuff. You know, it's it's garbage And then you know the claim to fame being that well he got Nancy What what does her name Whitman shorts when new jersey and George Pataki elected governor in a respective state well as an accurate See you've been slopping around with a pigs for too long Howard with the Republicans and now look what you got not to the Democrats are much better, but it's just a matter of degree Just like the cheap channel people send it all siphoning all that money in there in the meantime they're getting to fight up the ass Clear channel Of they pay their fines in his time. We waste their pain those fees in coming to Kentucky the FCC will be cool and your heels for a long time Just like the beeslies the way they pay their but not Fine, say what am I getting all upset about it's just a moisten my time nobody cares about this It's the it's the constitution for crying out loud. It's the first amendment. It's called freedom of speech It's just like that article I read by the nation which is on our website today Just like that article said it's not chilling a speech it's killing of speech. It's dead Here I've invested almost 30 years of my life in his market But 30 man and now 95% of what we used to be able to say and play and do okay do that no, no What based on what they based on we just decide we said so we said so and if you do do it Then do do on you because we're gonna find your ass We're gonna get your fired we're gonna find a radio station all the other crap Fine is the word all we're fine right that's the word fine As in how much can we find you before we get them and I and I still say lie make it 500,000 sure why not 500 billion Same thing just put as many zeros on there just five plus Zero to the infinity right to the time power fine infinity to why you're at it again And it publish this back with me but it would love but like that And all of this crap in the meantime, you know all the you've the mainstream media here There's a two busy talking about garbage and let me tell you what they're foaming at the mouth of a peer Just like I told you last Thursday and Friday the US media doesn't care it. I mean hockey is a Canadian sport Let's face it there are how many hockey fans in America? Because in a sense it would be toosy and Steve Moore right off the bat here's Paul Ozan She's talking about it here are people it wouldn't know a hockey puck if they stuck 30 of them up there behind And all of a sudden they're making a big spectacle out of that to try to destroy the sport because that that you know that's big news The fact that they're destroying the first amendment that's not big news The fact that people are getting blown off the air left in right because they're not the walk in a political Titeline on a right side of it that's not news And again a couch in terms of wow, you know, this is in decency it's smacked it's this a bull crap Five in time have been doing their thing for a million years Stearns been doing his thing for a million years and the same with all these other people Bove it a lot of sponges been on a tamper for a coupons age But now all of a sudden what was okay yesterday and all of a sudden today ah Not okay And keep in mind it's just a matter of dollars and senses for as whether this bill ever passes the center Not but in terms of the regulations that's not going to change that we're not going to turn up the hands of time back on that Got it my little drawer right over here my top drawer The general guidelines from the FCC I Should read this every day to make you understand how impossible this is how a little about lunacy this is that is well In order to be found in decent the language involved whether explicit double on tawn and you went to our sound effects Must constitute a patently offensive description or depiction of a sex act or gonna rest for three function and Determining whether languages patently offensive of her is important to recognize that local community standards are not used Used to be but no mole Rather the FCC considers whether an average adult listener in the US would find the broadcast matter patently offensive and The FCC will rely on its own expertise in determining the standards of the average adult listener To translate that Exactly that that's what that means For this reason the FCC is held at the actual popularity among adults residing in the market where programmers will not Insulate material from a finding of indesiancy in other words what they're really saying and of a couching A bunch of a bullcraft double-talk language is will make it up as we go along and you'll total line or else Will decide I Mean that that that term about the average adult listener in America you couldn't find the average adult listener in two egg Florida There's no such thing below average you could find it there But they're gonna and they'll decide based on their own expertise. Yeah, but we know how to forget about real care What you think will decide because we're the experts When it comes to indesiancy we invented that the FCC in action for you 1113 at five 60 WQAM pay all your horse racing and poker players out there Put a pompot park racing in car room has got all the gambling action you're looking for that's illegal least as of right now Located just to have mile from both I 95 in the turn pipe pump and a park is easy to get to invest of all They feature free admission and free general parking every day live harness racing in the poker room is open every Monday Like tonight Wednesday Thursday Friday and Saturday poker starts at noon and drags on till midnight and live racing gets underway Finally at 705 p.m. For a Saint Patty's day Wednesday There'll be $500 in free betting vouchers give it away plus a special Donna night for green beer soda hot dogs and other food items to The weanies will not be green by the way dick fineberg might be done on Friday There'll be free drives to get into the money machine and grab at a thousand dollars in cash and betting vouchers Or maybe when a raffle ticket for a 2004 Porsche boxter and there'll be swing dancing demonstrations at the track What's a Porsche boxter it's a kind of Porsche? That's what I thought for sure See and the only horse racing farward stoncho on earth takes place this Saturday It's a big event every year at the track with amazing austrid interior devil Vincent Silvestra in his horse and me silver Performing their hot to try to farward show that's Saturday night Pompot o Park a blouse out a block out of the landing Boulevard on powerline road for the racing schedule Call nine five four nine seven two two thousand or go online at pompot o park dot com big week Racing and all kinds of events coming up this week at pompino park We've got the bad dog at two all right we got the Hebrew hammer from the shoelace day two at four The big seven I guess they didn't get a boy from us yet the other sports station Now yet Did he leave yeah, he's currently not here he's currently doing the number I can't imagine what number that might be again Holy cow the big oh at seven from the make of wish foundation try oh the banquet that's that is there a schmuck in my soup thing the panther thing that be oh Brother In fact if you have to sit with any pop-in there'll be a schmuck at your table. I guarantee you that any k at 10 And then the sporting news radio which we open up upon just put a bunch of crap on and they read the scores and Pappa pappa by and just rehash a lot of the same old tyrants forcecraft that you hear all during the day nothing local of course Nothing of any interest to anybody with an IQ larger than their thumbnail By the way, thanks clearance for coming in and giving us a report See all the alley doing his stone long. That's all just stone walling state hell away again, but if he comes in at a mile or a mile I'll find out we'll get to the bottom and find out the kind of response that they had the protest about you on marketing I'll say it again to me it's just a cost cutting move big makeup all the stories that they want They can blame this one and that one in power ninety six I'm in a whole story to begin with is so ridiculous you have to be a moron to believe it Here's some more websites and for you. I'm dot turnpike dot net progressive review Salon dot com news making news dot com and anti war dot com those are some good ones you put them on there We are no all right where'd you go you go take another row oh boy did I Greg read George just took a big Greg read can we say that no, no, no, okay Can't see that that's a double on time 5670560 pound 560 on a AT and T and Verizon wireless line It's so nice to know that nobody cares 116 votes smoking a smirking chip dot com it's a good thing. I donated them you know smoking chirp smoking chip Smirking chip dot com's got 31. I don't read the internet for news information 21 See I told you we just got that on there without zoom it up They want to see a lot of naked pictures like A-B and bar bowl on our website today on behind a B-D curtain Behind a B-D-D-Frick and curtain okay You better be over the age of 18 because John Ascrop if you'll notice the eyes move on that picture Yeah, that's right Those pictures like you log on to there and you still think you're gonna go in. Oh, you better watch because he's watching The attorney general even went off the Goal bladder he's you're got a lot of golf He's checking out and guess who else is monitoring you? I'm listening. Yeah, that one too another asshole WKWA, hello not there WKM hola Neil yes, sir I understand your problem and I understand your gripes with the infringement on your first amendment right But the problem is that Abcenity is not the coverage speech when we're dealing with the first amendment says you know based on what That word is it where does it say that reading Supreme Court opinions and things like Listen, I understand your your excitement in your anger with because it anger's me too, you know First of all, let me say this to you. Okay, we don't we don't utter absurdities on the show. We never have Certainly not you but others. That's why the regulations have taken place You know well, what does that mean? That's why the regulations of the regulations are vaguely ambiguous Nobody understands what they mean is that what is that how you want speech regulation? So they're not understanding you're talking me as if I'm same that's the right way and I'm not I'm just You know, they're fine with what the video now you're not clarifying at all You what I said is too that you've got a bunch of idiots who sit around and they make it up as they go along and keep redefining and redefining and And nobody can figure out what they're talking about it. It's just a gotcha kind of mentality And when you when you keep narrowing freedom of speech and taking away more and more of people's abilities to express themselves Or entertain people in a way that people want to be entertained all those people are less than the Howard Stern all those years They weren't complaining about it. They were a small handful of misfits who didn't know how to turn the dial No matter no matter what you say it's gonna be offensive if I say boy, sure is a beautiful day here in Toronto But we're not into round of work. Pist off about that You say no matter what it is you say somebody will find it offensive and that's what free choices It not only free speech, but freedom of choice choose to read what you want and choose to listen to what you want and watch what movies You want to watch and watch what television program. That's what it's all about the open market place of ideas That that's what America used to be all about used to be and You can give me all your suit of intellectual bullcraft and try to defend well a court the students said I don't give a crap what the court doesn't said because the fact that it matter is those there There aren't any new court decisions none Teaning with these matters that that are giving the the Congress and the FCC the authority To just make up these things as they go along One day it used to be always local community standards if the average person in the pure a little I found a defensive then it was over to line but if the average person in the Yorkfond the same material acceptable and it didn't bother them then it was okay in New York not no mole Now who died in the made that up? This is a bad dream is what it is So, you know, don't even waste your time. This is one of those things that I need you know everybody says well For you have a difference of opinion. We can't talk to you. That's baloney But on this particular issue there is no difference of opinion there can't be If something's offensive to you don't listen to it. Don't watch it. Don't buy it. Don't read it period And where does the obscenity come in where were the obscenities on the Howard Stern Show? There weren't any But the whole the real question here is not about obscenity everybody understands what that is the question is about in decent speech Do you understand what in decent speeches? No, they don't does anybody on the your understand what they mean? No, well if they don't know how to always supposed to know and they can't define it In a best part of it is that if you take a piece of material then you send it to the FCC They won't give you a ruling on it. No, but you go ahead and play it first. I will let you know. Gotcha That would be prior restraint. We know believe in prior restraint, which is in this use of leaving that open trap door for you to fall through That's what they want to do And whether they don't like you because your politics or because of the way you look or whatever reason they just arbitrarily make it up as they go along And As opposed to this guy that wants to try to adjust to find out you know I understand he's you know trying to be reasonable But they you're not being reasonable you're trying to defend that defenseless And that column I read from the nation that that that's one of the at least when I saw I got excited I put it immediately on our website. I find me here somebody that understands what's going on While we're right to the public is busy looking at nudie pictures on air was the nudie thing on a well on the TV and a first play That's what started it was the excuse. That's not what started it, but that was used as an excuse to start this whole which hunt Oh my goodness you see how far we've come how addition this is 2004 By the way I got George Carlin's take on all of this Okay, well that was in the world I think it was 72 when we had the WBA I ruling the 70ty words right But it as time goes on instead of moving forward and I believe that all those words should be a lot to be used on here instead of Do you know that we're going backward or take a gigantic leap frog steps back into the stone age And it's not just the bush people Michael cops who's a Democrat on the FCC from what I'm reading and I've read a lot about this lately He's more rabid than even Michael Powell He's foaming at them out So you figure it out But we have to bring things back to a state of decency hello everyone good morning how are you? Or in 27 past 11 at five six to outside how I am pissed off and fired up I continue being raped Which is why I wrote that letter which will never appear in a paper and you know what who cares? You people of the sun suddenly you can might be asked with your letter to the editor page Hey, if your carpet's looked like somebody's been doing that on them If they're in pretty bad shape, maybe your area rugs aren't looking to great your drapes a little on the spots you saw If you want them professionally clean looking and smelling and feeling just like brand new Do yourself a big favor call my best friends at dry concepts the best in the world and Bring in your carpeting back to light in my homes for over 20 years now been using dry concepts Wouldn't dream of calling anybody else because what's not to like they used trans certified Plant technicians are really old their stuff They give you a written guaranteed price upfront before they start to job and then they suck out the deep down dirt by dry clean Your carpet the same idea as is used to dry clean your clothing Which leaves them vibrant and color soft of the touch they smell them any fresh their granacoval of ours like I said What's not to like so call today and when you do call dry concepts be sure to have them put you on their stand Violest which can save you an extra 15% I'm your next carpet cleaning job call him today They'll never let you down like I said they give you a written guaranteed price upfront before they start the work Call 1 800 2 4 8 5 7 1 that's 1 800 2 4 8 5 0 7 1 or log out of their world famous website Bride Concepts.com Miami Don't know what you expect me to be What I'm doing my best next take me off my show So I'm gonna go It's true it's cold Every word that I say is Other than my Chris Oh Oh My wake up so Play me away Free me Here I come so Bad and everything we Are living coming out with sure And all I want to do is Through a more dirty but no fire me too Love a pretty true body I guess I just experienced a Emotional period when I was over the weekend We get back to being a goofball Okay, not stuck in to the show You don't get too lazy, right? Right Maybe be I just don't care and the proof of the pudding is I'm glad I ended this on our website Look what's taking over number one on there. How about that? I don't read the internet for news and information 37 Oh right Double Give me some of the new pictures man What do you expect like from fat boys neighbor there huh? Give me some of huh? Well you expect him to be reading like like news and information? Oh, I mean get serious A schmuck if there ever was one and his neighbor too Dennis and Tampa not to be confused with Dennis and Miami who's writing out rage letters to the Miami-Herald about the real Catholics will they please stand up When searching for news here's the site that has lots of links in a search engine news trove.com Got that Got it. I would put in some of these on there Yeah, I apologize to this poll. I thought it was a good idea. I thought it would you know You kind of interesting is it interesting? No, do they like it? No, they hated that's okay George Carl and response uh to indiesensia pro George Carl and famously dissected the seven words you can't see on television as a way to explore but everyone was so up tight about 32 years later. That was right it was 72 very good now 32 years later the same debate is still raging now fueled by Janet Jackson's Super Bowl flange The suspension of Howard Stearn's Rochee radio show from six stations and new house legislation that would raise a Performers in decency fine from 11,000 to a half a million dollars So what does the 60 60-year-old Carl and think of the current hand ringing over what is in decent profane of scene in moral loot or insulting? More of the same more of the same what are we surprised Carl and told the apion Friday He blamed it on religious moralism media commercialism and election year politics The whole problem with this idea of obscenity and indiesensian all of these things though he say all of these things Bad language in water is it's all caused by one basic thing and that is religious superstition There's an idea that the human body is somehow evil and bad and there are parts of it that are especially evil and bad And we should be ashamed fear guilt and shame are built into the attitude towards sex in the body It's reflected in these prohibitions and these tab booze that we have mixed up with radio or TV and you've got a problem you said But I always remind people is radio and television as it happens newspapers and magazines too are advertising When you had commercialism involved you had the kind of fear that advertisers are very afraid of offending some potential customer They don't want to lose a sale so they have this need to inspect and clean up and watch the content in order not to hurt their own sales It's based on success at the cash register and yet they're very inconsistent I'm at Super Bowl broadcast to Janet Jackson There was also a commercial about a four-hour erection a lot of people were saying about Janet Jackson How do I explain this to my kids? We're a little family who watched it together and well, what do you say about the other thing? These are convenient targets Carl and says he also thinks President Bush is trying to play Kate right wing voters The US Air Force veteran compared the right a recent tension with memories of his military experience These bursts of interest in decency are just like when you're in the Air Force army Marines whatever The discipline in your unit may give little lacks people live with it. It's fine for months at a time and then some curl notices it and suddenly they crack down Enforcing all the minor rules and regulations Then what happens after these bursts of bothering people they wears off we get back to normal relax discipline But things still get done society can be cut it on to let this fade says George Carl and we can only hope and pray That is right That's the site it can be cut it on to let this fade. I think he's being a little bit optimistic. Don't you? Yes, a little bit but he's an old guy He's 66 He's older than me. Oh, he's really old you're right. Wow, he's older than me. He's an old fossil It's okay. You'll see one of these days. Oh, no sorry, Mr Few more of those episodes by your daughter's man and you're gonna be passing me like I'm standing still on my way You already have with all that gray hair. Tarn you other than kneels website. Well, how why don't we take that off of there? Okay, let's take that off of their other than kneels. Or can you we do that? That would be Eric would have to do that. Eric can do it You can handle it that so I mean good good the man up there in Orlando Good buddy What website you like best for news and information let's put kneel Rogers dot com, okay? At least it'll give them something to well kiss our ass with right or not Maybe they don't like it Maybe they just like the naked picture a million Barbota. They on behind the beaded curtain are essential We would like it's a good picture. What's your favorite naked person site? Oh, we know we're not gonna be start putting a bunch of Pornosaits on here mr now is probably not a really smart time to be doing that What's your favorite best the audience I know you're that in passing yeah, well put some BCality sites on there is great What's her favorite underage Billy goat site all we got to do is put a picture of you on here If we want to horse his ass right now to where you're talking just better calm down take a couple of deep breaths There you go that's that new diet What's that bitch oh the other Ultra slim fan ultra yeah with what's his name for the black crow's Chris Robinson yeah, I heard it Have been on this diet for two months now. That's on it I thought that's what it was called what I thought was it called the slim crash which one maybe that's what it is Lumpcrack There's a table is this is Chris Robinson of the black crow's I used to a 92 pounds I was a calm man that I gun on the slim crash diet Now I'm a definitely grim 48 pounds. It's great the slim crash diet is so easy. I have a deep breath for breakfast A deep breath for lunch and a sensible marborell cigarette for dinner The slim crash diet is fast and look no more shove in my fingers down my throat like they'd fit Slim crash the official diet of anorexic looking rock bands like the black crow's from the makers of the key Richard's neutral heroin diet the views as directed 21 till noon we got the mad dog coming along a tour clock was gonna be saying a lot of that WQAM hello Pretty good I only have one problem with the same sex marriage and that I don't mind at all We're right where did this come from we're where did the same sex marriage come from? Well because That no that produces Yeah, go produce this okay get lost low-doctor dance One of your people man other professional little Julio. Oh he's worried about this But go worry about something important okay They're turned a constitution apart your bill right to your weight about fags getting married you idiot you in basil At least I'm a little on you Cubans off the hook then you can have one of each You've heard a dual citizenship we can have like dual marriages How's that sound they can mirror it real friend and their boyfriend Why did you well listen it was good the lady the grits and Romans right they used the Mary for procreation and they would have like a young boyfriend on the side for procreation Which side recreation? Watch it Why are we gonna do with that the Western oil is coming back Fresno telling fry him in Marcus Dillon, Western I have seldom now now you're beginning to understand why I have a problem with those roster drug people in Amsterdam My lot of them looked just like that although they're here's a little bit cleaner than that I would say God what was it And like that like the authorities are saying out there Fresno whoever the authorities might be I don't think there are any what what were the neighbors doing what were they thinking about they saw what was going on They saw this pit of insanity air me, but he you know is afraid to get involved just with the blinder side just keep looking straight ahead Man He on they ought to cut his Cahones off if he's got any right there on Danweather 9 645 or maybe on Friday promoted all week long get a 90 sure You know he could replace one of those landmine find in monkeys. Yes, that's what they use You mean the ones that Morocco was gonna send to where raccoons were showed up that are watch it What are you thinking? I'm thinking it's time to do a spot And I'm thinking the sooner the better that's what I'm thinking that's what I'm thinking Oh Man And you've got the nerves to talk about the bird at least he had the decency like go away and die I'm over working on that. We're good keep working pretty hard on it And to bring a listen I'll tell you the pop-up toaster. It may be small but man that works in our miracles in the kitchen 19 before noon at five sixty have been sunny for years while you need to call valamacris at 1 800 mattress here are just a few reasons more why you need to call them Palamacris backs up everything they see advertising 100% but their competitors still use lots of fallson deceptive claims When you see a mattress add making outrageous claims her advice is first read the fine print There are a lot of lies out there. Here's an example the ad screen free frame free set up free removal Tiny print underneath says it only applies to luxury models where you heckle it so close to the story It'd be a neighbor or it's for something you don't need like a frame most people don't need frames and stores want to play credit to something else instead It seems there's always a reason why the promotion doesn't apply to whatever you're buying At Dalamacris the rats have no tiny print notice gamers no lies no BS every Dalamacris delivery includes free set up and free delivery whether it's a top-of-the-line Set or a twin mattress for a bunk bed makes no difference Dalamacris delivery terms apply wherever you live to No exceptions from candle the steward Palm Beach to Ford Myers from Ojas to a ishaming Dalamacris reminds you to read the fine print because they want to let you know what you're buying Even if you decide not to buy from them So what are you waiting for pick up the phone right now to the smart thing like I've been doing for years Call the betting experts who will never rip you off never lie to you call 1-800 mattress a log on to macros.com Dalamacris 1-800 mATTR ESD honest way to buy a great new bed I Have a spoon in your life Absolutely they can choose what they want to hear on the radio They're governed only for by strictly enforced entertainment information one voice one message There is no first amendment in their country freedom of expression is punishable by law They have to go underground or online to learn more about the world around them at the risk of torture or Eeping death this isn't easy to hear. I'm telling you about This is America Helping down the iron curtain support a radio for yamarica good luck to us all 14-go-noon Now erected his part well website you like best for news information Josh on the other hand is probably eating right now Nice typing. I don't there's that a lay apparently There's a one a delay Yeah, thank god there is I Don't see neo Rogers.com on air 50 say I don't read the internet for news information. How do you like that? Jack asked 50 said that Smoking shimt.com 36. I feel good. I sent the money Common dreams.org 26 Michael more dot com 20 buzz flash 17 the nation 15 media horrors dot com at cyclone six Tom pain dot com six full avoid dot net five Solontry and none for news trove anti-war dot com news making news dot com or important dot turb whatever that is none How do one 85 So as we see neo Rogers dot com and air, but we get a few votes I've been having trouble refreshing like we're being overloaded or something. Yeah, oh, I have had that sporadically throughout the day because of that Did that beautiful Adrian Barbot picture who to thunk it? Yeah I know what I thought that if you would have just said to me without having to picture on air or put nabian Barbot on a z oh jean crazy Yeah, she used to be quite the honey wow get the honey junior. Okay Oh, that is a shocker and I bet you're gonna be a lot of our audience knowing our crowd Gonna be like standing on their head That's seriously what they're gonna do is to take their monitor and put it on the floor and they'll stand on her head Don't know so they can see right side up Right right you can rotate the picture with that No, that's no fun the stand on your head man. So anyway. No Rogers is on there Just might have to refresh it considering the I see the nature things considering the nature of things all of these things Let's see it is I'm not doing too well yet. I don't see much Oh no votes. I mean it's just you know Oh there is just one under it's got one. I got one How come you're capitalizing these things? Well, I tell you that Josh drives me nuts. I think that's the way they're I don't know old script brain there. Huh? Now that's the way they're what When is the last time you went do you type to nao website and you put capital letters on the name like Michael Moore dot com I capitalize the second oh In Michael Moore when I type it in do you know oh Oh Oh 567. Oh 560 I'm I'm alter with this you know I mean I'm gonna calm down. I had my period no no no I'm serious. There's no there's no point I wrote a letter to the editor which I'll never do again and I just got all whipped up into a friend's yes And 500 bucks away which I'll never do that again either could have bought you probably a half of washer a dryer Oh thanks for my stomach aches back now. No, just go ahead and get it. I'll take care of it Oh, is it is a bonus now? It's a bonus the George. I'm gonna buy you get the best washer and dryer Give me a semi the invoice and I'll pay for it. How do you like that? I think I might cry How do you like what what a hell of a guy? I am that's me. Thank you. I think I'm like Seriously, I'm making a few bucks here. One thing you never hear me complain about is how much they're paying me In fact if they're dumb enough to pay me this I'll be more than happy to take it But I mean go ahead so least I can do I love you. No, you don't say that. Oh, please don't say that Oh geez, apparently sort of way I don't want it and even then I'm womanly short away. I don't want to be far away from in 1200 miles ain't far enough Wow, I don't think I'm coming back to anytime soon Jeff says the ultimate news jockey site is refdesk.com Are you FTE? Desk refdesk.com Use an international news. Oh, yeah, that is a good one and I never checked it out News papers wire services, commas magazine journals. It has everything Jock, jock, I did it Have you heard the book coming out tomorrow called the House of Bush House of Saud? They have been accepting it in salon It doesn't look like anything new to those like you have taken the time to put things together From different non mainstream sources, but it appears to do this neatly for general public Here's a picture of the cover Craig hunger. You and GER probably no relation to Gary hunger the former Detroit robbing hockey player Craig hunger House of Bush House of Saud The simulation should be between the world's two most powerful dynasties. I'm gonna go on by that right now. It's oh coming out tomorrow like I said tomorrow Wow, and again even if you do know all of this stuff How many times have I told you about the relationship between the Bushes and the the bin Laden's and the whole bunch of quirks over there in Saudier, Arabia That's where the chicken and wood pile is boys and girls in Saudier, Arabia and in Pakistan Make no mistake about it. In the meantime, we're for we went into Iraq baby Launch a couple missiles Torn place we know oh and a Begins with oh There's one thing we all understand then I watched it did go there coming after you baby Some round forever That's the book with our tanks and all our troops Special forces are so tired I've jumped in through them You need another Let's cut out all the nonsense and go blow up Pakistan I Can't get a need a nuclear tank Why don't we stop with seafood and go blow up Like Pakistan That's the duper Okay, here's one of your people George and Miami with the Jay of course be fair Balance newsmax.com. I have no problem with putting it on there. It's a right wing piece of crap But we have right wing like this George guy and Miami like your people sure come on east of come on in it's so old and Pontius man. That's one of the reasons that we're farting into a windstorm I get all whipped up about this stuff is because right off the bat you can eliminate half the population of Saud Because it's all at the you know It's all the same crap. It's all that Miguel Escobar stuff If you catch my drift. It's pop love 5605050 pound five 60 on the ATC and see and Verizon wireless line I'm serious about that washer going get it. Thank you again Get the get a real good one. I don't want to like a no, you know secondhand crap. Ken more they install it Let's see. I don't read the internet for news information 54 smoking chimp 36 common dreams.org 26 buzz flash dot com which is very good 21 Don't think about buzz bad. I don't want to win it Michael more 20. You're Rogers dot com 16 we're moving up The nation 15 see I didn't want to put us under because it sounds like we're petting ourselves on a back to the little like that But why not why not nobody else will WK way him hello Hello, yes, sir. Neo. How you doing good. How are you? Excellent. I wanted to give you a website okay Farck dot com. Farck yeah, I don't think you see this. Can you see this? F.A. Arcade. Yeah, it's a really good website. It's got a lot of news and It's got a boobies and weeners category on it too. I see yeah, slow something for everybody. Yep. Okay. Thanks, pal. All right Farck dot com look at up real quick and see if we want to well put that on there. Josh just did and Well, Mike appears a little slow. You have to bear with me. Oh, I see that's right. You got there real good one in there Oh, well, like I said now speaking to your computer. What's the latest what are you doing in the have it? They're gonna have it, but yeah, I'll take it to probably wind up taking it back to best find No, probably be the best. Yeah, yeah, if you're gonna leave it to our QM engineering department I mean, you know, they got a lot of very important fish to fry and when they're done eating them and solving them Let's see fork dot com don't forget to wear green. It's the Irish here's some hot babes here's The EC is said to blow 50 million euros attempting to clean up the internet Oh, here's some good stuff all kinds of and it's got links to the BBC and Yahoo news and SF gate and Reuters all kind. This is an excellent website. Thanks, pal. Hey, Farck dot com Now, I don't know if we can we say that to be really careful how you and just be careful I use it for example. You wouldn't want to say far cue that would be me. Oh, although I do understand in North Dakota There's a university called Farck you isn't it for the Fargo view. Something like that Got to be very careful now Neil. You got to articulate it and unsee it because the word police are standing by Just waiting for you to mess up. That's right. Just waiting for you to saw your pantalones I think that was a currently intended double on pond put that the news max dot com know was a single on time Okay, so I can't I want to say Michael Powell is an asshole. That's not double on time That's a single on time. What do you mean by that in other words? What you hear is what you get when you look at his big fat That's what you see is what you get in fact You can see Michael Powell right there on our website. It's a lovely picture and I love them. I'm a pumps. He's wearing two Four minutes till noon is five six and now let me just say this. I know this is this is laughable But has anybody in a radio station not connected with his show ever come into that studio and said well You guys you have a great website Saying I want to make you land It's funny your house damn you're burning down last night. I know I'm gonna give you good chocolate Yeah, no, we're pretty is oh we're not gonna link up with you anymore We wanted off the QM website because number was not then through its filthy and it has no news for you. Okay, good No, what we have heard Yeah, is anytime that we suggest something like if we use the word computer around anyone Yeah, the the the the pouty lip the folded arms is just so that you can work on that website of yours Of yours Not art. Yeah, the website of ours where we get more hits in an hour than a QM website gets in a year and Josh can verify that How many hits you get a week at QM dot com dot Yeah Bring it the savings right now and save like never you for what I do power truck from armstrong Toyota of homestead There on US one just 20 minutes off of the 836 armstrong Toyota of homestead is worth the drive no matter where you are Because they're gonna save you a crap load of cash on great new Toyota's check out these great least deals waiting for your right now And oh for a camera your four one or for just 269 bucks a month for 48 months How about an oh for a high-munder for just 309 a month be the truck how about an oh four Toyota Tundra the safest truck in America You pay only a hundred and 79 bucks a month or 48 months Come change these are just some of the savings waiting for your right now at armstrong Toyota of homestead And now with those toll increases on the turnpike on people using cash Armstrong's Toyota of homestead will give you a free sun pass when you get your new car or truck at their joint General manager David Rich and his staff will do whatever it takes to put you in a great new Toyota today So our experience for yourself the Armstrong Toyota homestead difference they're locally owned locally Operated committed to a hundred percent customers have this faction the leave and stand on your head and their head too to make sure you can see Adrian Garbo The service department is open late to late week nights to make sure your service work is done and done right easy to get there there at US one in two 93rd street in homestead just 20 easy minutes out of the eight thirty six If you step on it even shorter than that so don't waste your time at those mega dealers or car giants who always over promised an under deliver and Get you their dealerships under false pretence called David Rich the GM at armstrong Toyota homestead at 305 2423247 that's 305 2423247 travel little in seven ton. I'm that great new Toyota armstrong Toyota of homestead This ticket I like the relaxed by having my diagonal and massage my balls while listening to the new Rogers 12 to one hour So are Hey I'm on a parade, every day I feel what I'm saying I'm fighting me Like the day I say, this is a free free You are a violation of your terrible prison values If you do nothing but make the super super dangerous We will kill you in the name of Jesus You will live in the twigs days, not as we do The worst punishment they want to pass you by, yes The worst punishment I want to pass you by The worst punishment they want my children to pass you by The worst punishment The worst punishment Buffalo 3 at 5 or 60, WCM is a little pause there Cause I'm trying to log under the Harold so I can vote again on their pull on boxing Well I've voted the first time this morning. They had four votes on their pull This is the prestigious mommy hero Are you ready for that? Okay, one of those four votes was mine But now we're later. I checked on there again to see how the progress was coming They had 15 votes, two of them were mine I'll see if this is a poll is to honor, but this is a story with them. Huh? They suck? The hero's time, of course, the son settled was without saying. It's like when Tom Jekha had that story about Waxy's 710, and I put it out on the ear, and you know Tom listens religiously, or just show every minute of every day. Tom was turning away decent guy, but I think it was my doing. I got him religion. Sure. But we didn't even have to stay on there. Waxy, of course, is 790, and we know that because we hoard them out. I mean, we use them for a lot of our double ball games, like Wednesday night when we have the, the, uh, Marlon's Dongers. They're the bath mat when the tub overflows. That's right. Oh, let's see. How do you feel about the sport of boxing? It's a great sport and even if it has dangers, no, it's a barbaric practice should be ban. I think I'll vote for that one again for the third time. Let's see how many votes on the prestigious Miami Hero website so far today. Let's see. Here we go, let me enlarge this baby. And keep in mind, the hero comes out with about six in a morning, five in a morning. Okay. Yes, how many people have voted so far, George? 10 88 88 three of those are mine. 15 states, it's a great sport even if it has dangers. 45 states of our very practice that should be banned. And it's a legitimate sport, but is the need of some safety reforms 28 out of 88 votes in a prestigious hero. You know, I go to all these different websites and every day you just click on just to see how the polls are coming. You know about Bush and Carrier, whatever. It is like so many thousand here and so many hundred there. 88 votes on the Miami Hero website. Woo, heavy doony man. I mean, we're doing that well because they don't like the pool question. But what do we got in just a couple of hours? 249. And if they like the pool, we'd already have like 549. I mean, like 100 an hour when it's something like something like, which is not this. What we did 2000 over the weekend on the music thing, we'll bring that back. Music, come on, let's go. Here we go. All right. I like Kelly, but no bitter. I like that one. I like that one. Eva. Huh? I like that's my favorite one. Grand funk. Yes. Why do you say that? Because it's it's ballsy. Like I said, you know, that washer. Oh, it's all ready. A button. Thank you very much. Is it really? Yeah, she already ordered one this morning. I told her to. So she got a reasonably priced. Oh, so in other words, so why did you get a reasonably price? You should have got the top of the line. They got one that was suitable. And there you go. So thank you very much. 815 will take it. 815 bucks. Yeah. That's that's under a grant to cheap. That's that's what we need. Thank you very much. We'll take you. Welcome BBC dot CO dot UK. BBC news online. BBC dot CO. You got UK, which we have a link to that. It's a great website. Here's somewhere. Wounded that we got out there who reads only two, the smoking gun and the dredge report. You got those? Got them. And also let's put the dredge report, which is a million light years vetted in the dredge report. And also, you know, we got a link to that. They got a link to ours, which we like a lot. Oh, thank you guys. Whoever had you are. Oh, you're going to love this. Speaking of a right wing lunatics, US president George W. Bush has marked international women's week by paying tribute to women reformers. But one of those people he said it is really a man. That's a man, Diby. Earlier today, the Libyan government released Fatiha, he's a local government official was imprisoned in 2002, fabricating free speech and democracy. The president said in the speech at the White House on Friday, the only problem was that by all their counts, she in fact is he. He can't tell the difference. Definitely mail said Alistair Hajj, they spoke some for the human rights that because a group MSD international, who's representative is tried to see Jami in prison during a recent visit to Libya. I wonder if she was wearing her. Jami? I mean him. If the US has come in the international relations listed Jami is a 62-year-old civil engineer who sentenced to five years in prison after he reportedly stated during a session of the People's Conference that'd be formed within Libya would never take place in the absence of a constitution pluralism and democracy. It remarks before a VIP audience was forced to say that Jami is a courageous reformer along with Ang San Su-Ki, the woman democracy icon in Nobel Peace Prize, laureate living under House arrest, and Myanmar was used to be Burma. How do you pronounce that? Myanmar, that's how I've been said. I say Burma. It's just like Sri Lanka who wants to say that when you say, say, line, right? That sounds so much better. Right? I'll say line back in the great days of the Britain Empire. Oh, my deasions. Oh, anybody was repressed? Kind of like America is today. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 16. In fact, I'll tell you one thing is so he is they are. Let's bring the Brits back. Now I forgot. And so as we get Tony Blair. Pretty damn sad. Oh, here's our most chronic facts of the mall. What's the name of the bush been Laudon book and author coming out tomorrow? Well, the facts that actually make some sense for a change for me. Now this person is needs help. The name of the book is how Shavusha Bush, how Shavshad SAED. It's written by Craig Unger, UNGER. In fact, it is case going to be given to the Overs and Ungers on how much it's going to cost by the book. The secret relationship between the world's two most powerful dynasties. I'm going out there tomorrow. I have two o'clock. So this shows over. And I'm going to grab me a copy and I'm going to lock myself in and just pour and scour over that thing. Don't read too much of one. You'll get all upset. Yeah, you're right. WQM. Hello. The set line one again. Man, see, it'll empty. Please don't line. WQM. Hello. Is this the Elijah show? Yes it is. Um, may I speak with me? You're speaking to him. I just want to make a comment about censorship. Yes? All of this stuff that's going on with freedom of speech and talent to learn. No one is thinking about that this is national censorship. What do you mean by that? Well, in other words, people are making choices for you. They're choosing what you are able to hear. What you were able to read. Right. And this is going on. When one mark decided they would only sell certain CDs. This is censorship. How about one blockbuster senses of the DVDs? Absolutely. Absolutely. But people are not realizing that just because it's okay with them at one point. Does it mean somebody, the national government, or some local government isn't going to decide that you are not going to be able to read what you want to read, what you want to read. Is there already doing that? Well, I know. But what I'm saying is it's continuing. And nobody is stopping it. Nobody is at-rage. Well, this is what I keep saying. It's just astonishing. It's shocking to me. And it takes a lot to shock me to see the way the first amendment is being trashed. And the media and a public are just kind of sitting back and rolling over in the activity with important stuff like professional wrestling. Well, what happens is to get a Jackson thing. If you don't like it, turn it off. If you don't like how it's done, turn it off. If you don't like me or just turn it off. If I don't want to read a certain magazine, I can't buy it. Right. The thing with here's an interesting point. WCNCBS per croft Martha Stewart because she's a convicted felon. Right. Does that mean that CBS will no longer have any convicted felon on any of their shows? Well, does it also mean that OJ Simpson was convicted in the civil court? Does that mean they're going to stop showing all those movies that he was in? Exactly. I don't understand the outrage. I bet they're lack of it. This is what happened in any case where not a majority, for example, people who are theorizing, said, well, this isn't affecting me. And then what that old story by the Reverend that said, I turned by head, I closed my eyes. And then when it happened to me, there was no one there. Nobody likes to come to me. That's right. And this is exactly what it's supposed to do. I'm high all over. You know, burning of drugs, the censorship in the library, I can't think it is. If I don't like, if I didn't like your show, I wouldn't listen to it. Very simple. If I don't like your topic, I turn it off. Right. Um, it's the same thing socially. If I don't like you, I don't invite you to my home. Um, you know, if I don't like a product, I don't buy it. It's very disturbing to me. And it's freedom of choice is the one thing we have. And one thing we used to have. Yeah. So, I can't get people stirred up. Um, they don't nail here. It's a very sad commentary about person you're eyes to think. And is it afraid? Are they afraid? Are they afraid to say, you know, let's let somebody be on TV or let us. What time is our story going? If you don't like it, you're a listener. Right. Well, the day of activism are America's dead. That's the problem. If this would have happened in the 60s or 70s, you'd see college students protesting by the millions. You'd have the million, the Zillion, the person March. But now, nobody cares anymore. They just don't care enough to send them very best or worse. Well, and they had to start looking at who is a voting into office. Who is they supporting? Who are they saying? I want you to represent me. Well, let me say this. Do one 391 to 22 vote in the house to pass the, uh, the so-called indecency bill. When only 22 people have got the guts to vote against it, that tells you it doesn't make too much difference. Well, there's way down. I'll see you the board. I got to run. Bye. 12 14 at 560 W to QM. How's your new year's resolution going? I know it's the middle of March, but boy, by now, a lot of people should have lost some serious way to be lost it. No. And a reason being that all of the Fed diets, I mean, you know, they can work for a few weeks for some people for some of us. They don't work at all. Balance for life isn't the Fed. It's the premier meal delivery service based on the zone diet bringing you three meals and two snacks right here door every day. And with all that food in there with five feedings in that sack, how can you say you're on a diet? The food is fresh. It's delicious. You get to a choose between two choices for each meal. If we did this run a program. So try the real meal service that delivers results based on Dr. Berry's own diet, build sale for limitations. Imagine, is though shopping, no cooking, no cleaning, no calorie counting, no carb counting, no nothing. People are losing an average of 12 to 18 pounds a month in balance for life. The zone diets proven to lower diabetes high cholesterol and high blood pressure. So what's not to like? So if you're frustrated if you try all the others and failed, you really are over to yourself to try balance for life. And now if you ever wanted to try the South Beach diet, here's your chance. Balance for life is the closest thing you'll ever find because it's the only meal delivery company that offers you menu choices. Let you go from phase one, right to phase three of the South Beach diet. Feel the difference. See the results on the scale each and every day. Call them full free today and get started right away. 1 8 6 6 2 2 5 45 43. That's 1 8 6 6 2 2 5 45 45 43 or check them out online at balance for life.com Sam forgive. Bear rhyme to me my mother. pledge any body has of yeah. Linkfore my way. Because if you're not free okay the poll resource will go wrong should be left out COdes. You're called a untofane! Everybody's planning classes! I just do a thing! In the act of victory in the arms, we're watching all of you! Everyone got the fast thing down! So much fun, you're new! This got the perfect action! And are you finally? In which fatherland they shine! But you're safe! They gotta take those jewels! And listen to them, they're gross too! Believe everything we can do! And the state run you! Blackwater, water, cornbread! We love your husband! I'm hoping, say, me, push, bear you! Back as to his face! We don't mind you see our job, though! About a time of his boo! We're fathomed by J. Don't we know stupid who! All they want is crazy! The fact that paradise can win! Everybody's turning five kids! Fathomed just to win! Money passed no, and I've said it one thing. We're still famous for a cathartine, Harris. I heard her run by the way that she just stumbled her toe! Yeah! The wonders of the internet man! I noticed a lot of postings on here about this thing about check your sources, Neil Rogers, about cathartine Harris, not dying in that plain crash! Some interesting stuff on here, it says, fill Henry as a reliable, new source question mark, which one of his voices provides that luxury! Margaret! It says, I'd like to know, Catherine Harris is the bitch who helped steal the election in 2000, and put the fourth right in office! I'm still ticked off the story, was wrong! Neil God, it says! And you know who posted this? Oh no, you're going to die when you see this! Of course we can't believe it, you know what it says there? I give up. Posted by Paul Castrenova, February 13th, 2004. That's what it says! Oh, God, do you believe that he's as lifeless as all that? No, because you want to know what the next one says? Why? I used to listen to that Henry fellow, but that always becomes such a bush-looking traitor, I feel, raped it, and posted my Mo Howard David. These are great! So that's what they did the rest of the day. Oh, here's another one. Big Wilson! Alright! And another one with Mo Howard David. Boy, that inspired me. Let's bring back that message board. Yeah, right. The internet, a great place to meet and greet for mental midgets. It's phenomenal. But there's a lot of good stuff on her too. For example, once your favorite, I'm sure hope this comes up again here. What's your favorite website for News and Information We Ask Today? NeoRodgers.com, which I didn't want to put on there, but we did because of lack of interest 78. I don't read the internet for News or Information 72. I'm a moron! I like a lot of naked pictures. What you can do, both. Smirkingchimp.com39, common dreams.org 29, buzz slash you got 27. MichaelMord.com21, the nation 16. Salon.com7, media horrors has got 7. Tom Payne's got 7. Philivoid.net6 NewsMash.coms got 3. Call a penny wagon. We got 3 people who need mental help right away. See, the people who are reading NewsMash.com, they're not just conservatives or even writers. They're like ultra-period-wide, right-wingers. Right. We're sitting there rubbing their guns right now. Art bell crowd. Oh, not all. Way to the right of that. NewsMash.com3, smoking. Dung.com2. Part.com appear. Dredreport1. Oh, miss. Fudge voted. BBC. What is that? BBC.com. That's not the right one. But that's close enough one. What were you to get that from the facts? No, that's not what it said. He's got it right there. BBC.co.com or just BBC News. But Dredreport's got none. None for, there's some other ones that would none. Out of 319 votes. Well, it's not our usual staggering total, but it's your right. can't be put directly off to the website of Jiggin Hatara who has a study right on Twitter, correct? It's right there.ldigtero. So do they know who the music engineer is? Well, it's where one of the Israelis meant. This name has understandable lines. After most of those, if we go out and do ABC forum I want you to have to%, and you might be stunned. This racialist I think it turned out that the email conference has been designed for sort of starting a country in the history. and I'm just protesting and everything. Right. I have written emails to a job bush and it's funny. Every time you try to send an email to either him or somebody else in office, you get all these automated email returns. You can't actually communicate with any of those. With a real personal course night. Yeah, and it's just amazing. I'm supposed to get things done when you can't even talk to these people. Other than I guess, November 7th, when it's time to vote and get them out of office. But I just want to comment, say hi and just voice that. That is a comment and say it have a good day. Okay. Thanks, pal. You know what this reminds me of? As far as people get things done, I know it's very easy to say, well, we just don't know what to do. We're pissed off about Howard and being off in Miami. We're pissed off about all this stuff and haven't had a change in your show. But you know something, it reminds me of those days. Those awful, awful alien days. And you want to know why there was so much involvement and so much activity and so much meetings in this and that and public history. Because it involved hate. Sure. Hate is what sells in South Florida, baby. Make no mistake about it. And we had demonstrations and then then, remember we had the people that were having barnstorming, brainstorming sessions. Oh, yeah, we're going to have another meeting down there with the old oak tree. We're going to tie yellow ribbon around it. Then we're going to all put our heads together and come up with some ideas of what we can do next. How we can alienate ourselves from whoever we don't like next. And then we're going to burn a bunch of tires on the middle of the street to show everybody we're pissed off. I mean, that was a time that was just beyond description. Well, it was an important thing. But you see the biggest difference between then and now is that the electronic media, the television people, they pumped that up, baby, even Arnold would have been impressed. They pumped it up so big. This is important. You will get excited about this, you know. Oh, great. Absolutely. Freedom of speech is under attack. Anybody talking about this? No. Well, there's that smug speaking of freedom of speech. Howard Kurtz on CNN right now. Howard Kurtz really hurts. In fact, if you look up mediahorses.com, mediahorses online, you'll find plenty about him. Total phony baloney piece of crap, including that book he wrote about the Kramer jerk on CNBC, just a puff piece. Howard Kurtz and then he, and this is the guy who's supposed to be the media. What the, like the watchdog on a media for CNN. Who the hell are you kidding man? He's on there right now with that. Well, blitzkrieg. Yeah, get lost, Wolf. Go get a shave starting at the neck. 26 past noon at 5, 60 WQM if you're in a dead end job. Like Howard Kurtz. Maybe you're underpaid and overworked, which I'm sure he's not. Maybe you'd like to get a new high-pank career, but you don't have the casher for years to waste on college. If all these things sound just like your situation, what you have to do is make one call. You can change your life for good. Call fast train today, toll free at 1-866 fast train. They can have you train in certified for a new high-pank computer network professional career. And his little time is four short months. That's true. You can be fully trained already for that new career in his little as four short months. April may June 5, Julio. Remember Julio? Yeah, we'll see him number. Not good guy. He got screwed over by Beesley's too. Fast train offers day evening weekend classes to fit around your schedule. They offer job placement assistance and financial aid for people to qualify. Fast train got seven convenient floor to locations to this body we want convenient. Nearby where you're hanging out. Don't delay pick up that phone and call fast train today toll free at 866 fast train because it's true in just four short months. You can have a real career and a big pad paycheck that goes along with it. Check them out on the web first if you want it fast train.com and then make that call today 1-866 fast train. My life and local. This is Portugal 5-6. You weigh in. F***, F***, F***, F***, F***, F***! Has this ever happened to you? Man, flat tire. And boy, I could use a train. Well now you won't have to worry about your vehicle breaking down when you're on your way to your local watering hole for a happy hour. Once you join a AAA trip away, the auto club for drum driver. AAA trip away. Yeah, like I told you, I wreck my car and I'm loosing my buzz. We'll send a truck right out to you. Thank you for calling a AAA. Our friendly service technicians will assist you with whatever you need. So let me see that's one tire change, two comma cosies, a genuine draft. That'll be 3650. Can you make that a double? That's a AAA trip away. The auto club for drum drivers. Always at your service. Pfft. 31 at 560, W.M.S.R.C. Eric is right on top of the baby. He's got a link to meet you horrors online already. Alright. Alright. And they got a list of really fantastic websites on their two. Plus a bunch of ones that you want to watch and ones that they just ripped to pieces. Here's one of John and Halandales's Democratic Underground.com. I was still having over 20% of the audience say, We don't read the internet. We don't look at the internet for news and the information. Maybe those people are like buying books. Reading newspapers. Reading weekly news magazine. Huh? You think? No. Playboy and hustler? The weekly reader. There you go. Somebody's reading them to them. If somebody's reading to them, descriptions of those pictures and magazines that they can't finger out. Don't forget, Avid and Bart Bow is upside down. So stand on your head. Take a good peek. W.M. Hello. Q.A.M. Hello. Yes sir. Yes sir. Yes. Is this QAM? Sounds like it to me. I just have an addition to your poll. It's out of the Avid and Call me an Avid. But truth out.org. Two of thought.org is excellent. Thanks a lot. Thank you. See you. Twothout.org. Got it. Got it. Got it. Excellent. Theorodges.com. Come in the lead. Oh. 94. Panor sauce on the back. Nice going Eric. I don't read the internet for news information. 79. No matter what you say, I won't do it. I want to be dumb. Sometimes maybe being oblivious and stupid in all that bad. You know what? We're sort of a similar. Absolutely. Smurking.chimp.com. 39.com and dreams.org. 32. BuzzFlas.com. 28. It's like that. 9.11. When Goldie was sitting there in the morning and Goldie was saying, What are we going to say about it? Let's keep talking about sports. What can we possibly say about this? That was one of the most embarrassing days in the history of broadcasting. And Muff was running up and down. Oh, Greg. What do I do? What do I do? And Joe Costello by the way was the one that had the balls to go to Greg Read and say, Hey, we ought to get the spots off here and just put this coverage on here. We just had one of the major kind of clismic events in the history of the human race. No. Maybe that's why you got fired. That could be it. Probably screw-in set down with her little ad machine or calculator one day and figure out all the revenue we lost on 9.11 because we didn't still run the spots. Great robbing bitch. Smurking.chimp. 39. Common dream. 32. BuzzFlas.com. 28. Michael Orkwony. 22. The nation's 17. Dredge report. 8. Oh, oh, oh, oh. So long. .com. 8. Tom Payne 8. Mediahoriz.com 7. Fark.com 6. Fill the void.Net 6. Newsmax 4. 4 people who definitely need to go to rehab 4. Dredge retorts got a pair smoking gun.com's got 2. BBC's got a pair even though that's not the right thing. I'm the rest of them have none. I've turned the 70 votes. I promise tomorrow we'll do a poll at somebody cares about. As opposed to this. In fact, what about what we make of what's on was the old-time worse. Oh, yeah, great. Like Sean and Holly would say, let's have something negative. They can stick their teeth and do. Good point, Sean. WQAM. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Yes. I got a question about censorship life and slander. I was looking listening for, you know, looking for a life on radio, and I happened to hear a little bit of carry on drugs. And he had a... He had a... John Kerry was on the drugs. He was playing a clip. I see. And he was wondering, who Kerry was talking to over in Europe? Who was endorsing him? And I heard from somebody that someone else was playing with, you know, as some of them, laden and, you know, that's who was endorsing Kerry. And now they're going on and saying, if Kerry met with countries that were against the war and that's creating subversion against the war, Kerry needs to be brought up on trees and charges and all of a sudden. First of all, why do you listen to such garbage? He made a speech this morning. He addressed that. He didn't even have any meetings with any foreign leaders. He said that in a travel home. All of a sudden, they are going after you guys for opportunity. You know, what about all of this crap about just spinning stuff up into the air? You mean like the alleged affair that Kerry had with that intern that never happened? He made that. Exactly. What have I responded with the enemy? There's all unfair and unbalanced pals, as long as it's other right. Why do you suck at the right way? I don't know much guilt can turn it off. Well, the good choice don't do it again. Don't have that radio acid in again, sir. Okay? He was listening to the Fudge Report. So that screaming faggot. God, it's enough to make me turn straight, but I don't think so, not yet. Here's a good slogan. I like this. Show Bush the door in 2004. Dale and Lauderdale says that you might like to see this article. I came across the shows. George Flight suit Bush really feels about our Veterans. But we don't forget to go on our website and mostly Bush Dance now. It's great. Oh, it's a lovely thing. He's got more moves than I thought it. He puts on some pretty damn good moves. It says don't you think it's ironic this is the same President's always planning to support our troops. And the article says, Is this the same? Yes. The National Association of Realtors this week submitted a letter to leadership of US House of Representatives Veterans of First Committee urging rejection of the administration's proposal to limit VA home-lonel disability to one time usage. The National Association of Realtors was joined by the mortgage bankers association and the National Association of Home Builders in AR and housing industry argue that eliminating subsequent use of the VA benefit would affect a large number of veterans who take advantage of the subsequent use feature to fulfill their home ownership aspirations. Well, what do you expect? For example, where's that article about the the mentally unfit soldiers that have been sent to? I got to hear somewhere. Trust me. In fact, here's the one about the mentally unfit general managers, a certain radio stations. It's in my pile, okay? Somewhere. 560560 pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. WQA and hello. Back at you. QA and hello. Hello, Neil? Yes, sir. Oh, my God. Finally, that was a long time. Sorry. I have one of your sites on my, my favorite school access of logic. Yeah. It's great. I like it. That's the quantum of favorite. Access AXIS? No, AXIS. I, uh, it's like ashes of evil. Like the president said. Oh, AXIS, huh? Exactly. Access of logic. Um, it's interesting. It's interesting. Exactly. George, how do you like to know that's a front of so far? Week. Yeah, you're saying week. It's like Al Martinez voice in the guy. I couldn't agree more. And I'm not saying you should be legal for for Texas to live in a white house. Hey, man. Well, good point. Excellent point. Starting with LBJ in the 58,000 kids. They brought home in body bags from Vietnam. That's good point. Here's that story. Army sent mentally ill troops to Iraq. The Army appears to have inappropriately deployed soldiers to Iraq. Already were diagnosed with mental problems. According to documents obtained by UPI. More than 2,000 suicides by US troops in Iraq and hundreds of medical evaluations for vacuations. For psychiatric problems. Have raised concerns about the mental health of soldiers in Operation Iraqi Freedom. An Army medical department after action report obtained by UPI suggests that the Army sent some soldiers to war who were mentally unfit in the first place. Very ability in pre-deployment screening guidelines for mental health issues may have resulted in some soldiers with mental health diagnosis. Being in a properly deployed report said that could create the impression that some soldiers developmental problems in theater went in some cases. They actually had pre-existing conditions. The October 2003 report said the Army should consider quickly changing course to prevent deploying more soldiers with mental problems in a massive troop rotation that are now more than 100,000 troops are heading to the region. Your government in action, baby. And in a Spania they're saying no more war. Bring the troops home, which they're going to do. No thank you Mr. Bush. And boy, if you thought we were headed around the world before. You ain't seen nothing yet. It's pathetic. But again, the American public, the rest of the world are all on the him. They've been under Bush for a long time. Including right here where my fat ass is sitting right now. The Toronto Globe and Mail reports this morning. Canadians overwhelmingly believed the President Bush lied to justify the rack war in their own government was wise to stay out of the conflict. Brand new poll just out today. Two thirds of it, Canadian 67 percent. Say they agree with the statement that Mr. Bush knowingly lied to the world to justify his war with a rack he or go. Moreover almost three quarters 74 percent of the poll responded said the federal government made the right decision meaning Canadian government by not joining the US led coalition that invaded Iraq. The poll conducted by if-so-sweeds who just at most Canadians 61 percent are pessimistic about the chances of democracy ever taking root in the Middle East. Other had nearly nine of every ten 87 percent said that the world is a better place without a rack he dictated or saw to move sin and power. Who's a bad guy? These results show Canadians are placed with the regime change in Baghdad, but they believe that means did not justify the insid John Wright, senior vice president of it so as read. The poll conducted Tuesday through Thursday last week shows a sharp increase in the percentage of Canadians who think the US made a mistaken going to war. Almost two third 63 percent now say the US blundered compared with just under half forty seven percent who felt that way would be a good. Who felt that way when pulled last December. I could say there are a lot of Canadians getting pulled but then again I would be a triple on taunt that would be bad. So did that. Go to that. 19 till one at five sixty wqm the man dog at two. Hey listen if you want to look carb died you want the best tasting largest slice of low carb fooms. Foobs then hit for the lights of west bokeh fooms and boob's man to go hand in hand. Oh, whether you're starting or restarting the akin sugarbusters south beach of any low carb sugar free diet. The lights of west bokeh has always been the number one low carb store in the entire US and for good reason because they've got over. 1200 low carb products and stock to choose from including breads and bagels and cookies and crackers and chips and brownies. Chocolates carbolite ice cream pasta sauces ketchup cheese catch and lots more cracker please don't forget if it's doing great tasting. The ice will have it first. They're open every day seven days week from ten to ten you can try anything the stir before you bite. They got a friendly staff that knows dieting inside and out and they carry the most complete line of applicants. Friends products you'll find anywhere that around sale today a week from suckas next pooram. Easter Friday Sunday Monday every day and don't forget ass Wednesday. The lights of west bokeh they're on the northeast corner blades in 441 right next to Boston market. Call them toll free at 1-877 low carb. Low carb. Don't forget there's only one device of west bokeh's official atkins retail center. The other one is the one that's been on the way to the other side of the way to the other side of the way to the other side of the way to the other side of the way to the other side of the way to the other side of the way to the other side of the way to the other side of the way to the other side of the way to the other side of the way to the other side of the way to the other side of the way to the other side of the way to the other side of the way to the other side of the way to the other side of the way to the other side of the way to the other side of the way to the other side of the way to the other side of the way to the other side of the way to the other side of the way to the other side of the way to the other side of the way to the other side of the way to the other side of the way to the other side of the way to the other side of the way to the other side of the way to the other side of the how those as power. The largest number of protesters observed at A1 time was 2, not 100, or 2,000, 2. Perhaps the 50-to-1 ratio of police protesters not counting press prevented them for making a frontal assault on the event. The whole scene had the absurd feeling of a salved or dolly painting that is until you consider the cost I don't mean just a financial cost. Riot control becomes a tricky concept when such a massive show of force is used to squash descent. The administration's culture of secrecy perinoi and entitlement along with their dim viewer civil rights has taken us down a road that makes me fear for the future. I fear that another four years our attorney general will find a way to ban all gatherings not approved by him and name of national security. Absurd, read Patriot Act 2. It's a paradox that every dictator is climbed a power on the latter free speech, immediately on a tending power each dictator has suppressed all free speech except his own, a quote from the U.S. Herbert Clark Hoover. How do you like that? Yeah. That's a good letter. David and Vokan, I spun David. Freedom of speech endangered and you are. Absurd, little victim of the governor does a one-note protest just like this. President don't want no protest which is why no matter where he goes and makes a speech they've got all the people inside it's all the inside crab and you have to be how many miles away? About third man. The protest. He can't even see what binoculars. Even if somebody held him up for him. I heard there's going to be a national designated free speech zone like right now in middle of the salt plats. No, in Bangor means that's only when he's appearing in California. We can't say that anymore. Fanger. Okay. Why right back? See, it didn't require response. I'm sorry. How much was that dryer? Washer drive 400? Why did house GOP forced to take a new look at importing drugs from Canada? A and this so it's a high-spoken when at 60 minutes that you saw last night and see it was great. I forgot about it. But you know what the problem with 60 minutes is with me? That during football season which our realizes over there was a super ball game by the way to Patriots won. Great game. Maybe the greatest game ever. Nobody knows about it. But anyway, during football season 60 minutes gets like delayed and like 720 and say, I mean depending on when the last the CBS NFL game is over. And so a lot of times you just do you're out of the handed of watching it? At least I am. But you saw it and they said what? They said that it was a bunch of crap and they had some wonderful people making a lot of sense on there in the night. Like I've been saying for months and months and months, the FDA guy, of course, at the time that they were doing the story, the FDA guy. Now the president's personal lap dog food and drug cabinet member, whatever the title. How's that Billy Towson doing by the way? He signed up that deal with a drug company's yet? Oh, good old boy from Louisiana. Now last year, you recall I went to one of these walk in emergency clinics. They charged me a whopping total of $20 US almost nothing. And a guy wrote me a prescription for my platics. Remember that? I'm still taking it. Okay. Well, I mean, not from last year. I mean, I took all 90 of those. There's 75 of them. Whatever was in that bottle. I'm still alive. It looked the same. It was the same. It's the same damn drug. It's made by the same company. It's in the same freaking bottle. Like all the drugs here in Canada, A. They explained that very thoroughly that it's all coming from the same place. They're coming from the same manufacturer. They look the same. They are exactly the same. There is no, you know what's like McDonald's right. If you buy a cheeseburger McDonald's in New York in sweet water in Kendall, I was going to say in Beijing, but then of course, Beijing, what do you have to leave out the cat? Now, they did make the point during the story that they pharmaceutical companies make profits everywhere, including in Canada. They just make twice the right with it. It's just a light. It's called a license to steal license to rate the American public. See, if you people love big business, then you should love George W. Bush. You should love this Republican crowd because that's what they're all about. Crazy, phonetical religion is done on one hand. And big, big tycoon religion is on the other hand. Don't say tycoon again. Okay. Now, the Bush administration and Republican congressional leaders are being forced to take a hard new look at the idea of importing cheaper prescription drugs from foreign countries as an election year, clamor grows for removing prohibitions. And we could take John Kerry and part for that by the way. And I scroll John, he's not completely spymeless. Continuing increases in prescription drug prices, the fastest growing item in healthcare and the pitch partisan battle over the new Medicare law given the topic greater prominence in Congress and on the campaign trail, AARP. The 35 million members seniors group that gave Republican back Medicare legislation a critical endorsement last year backs allowing imports. Well, you talk about a bunch of sellouts, AARP that Medicare Bill Man, oh, man, who got smeared with that? So do two Republican senators former GOP leader Trent Lot, the cheerleader from Mississippi with their palm palms and John Corden of Texas both changing their position and raising their position. And so, do nearly two thirds of Americans, according to a recent A. P. Poll, drug importation has become a proxy for talking about the high cost of prescription drugs in the US about the raping of the American public. Spending on prescription drugs is the fastest growing component of healthcare cost rising 15.3% in 2002 alone. We're not talking about an academic situation. We're talking about seniors who are going to bed to the going to bed and I make the decision whether to pay for prescription drugs or to eat Senator John McCain said and author of the importation bill, you go, John, I like that idea of the two Johns. Hmm. John Kerry and John McCain. If you missed that story last week, John McCain said he wouldn't rule out the interview with Kerry. Be it on that ticket. Gotta get that cheat, cheat fixed, though, first. Yeah. But just take the two out. He puts a big pinch between his chicken He had a tumor on your man. It was a tumor. It's not a tumor. While importing lower cost drugs from abroad as supporters and opponents in both parties, Democrats have used the issue to highlight their political charge that the new Medicare law is too generous to drug companies and ensures at the expense of senior citizens. Senator Journey Leader, the author right wing of Nuscious Bill Fristot on Friday, it's a very important issue when an issue that has majority leader I can tell you we will address it deserves to be addressed. Right. It's not fair that congressional Republicans will allow votes on the issue before the election, though. Senator Byron Durga and Democrat of North Dakota said Friday that Fristot, the Senate would vote on an importation measure before November. Well, let's get with it. Okay. Like now. And of course, this is only the middle of March. See when it comes to a congressional hearing on Bad Language on a radio or Janet Jackson's booby. We have the hearing tomorrow. Tomorrow. Not seven weeks from the circus. Now whenever it's going to get around it, we're not when it's politically correct when the heat is off tomorrow. Now so we can posture and show a bunch of great moralists and goodly two shoes. We are all these Bible thumping Jesus Christ who's out there. God. But, Thetic. Don't forget what I told you, religion as a weapon. That's all it is. That's all it ever has been throughout history. That's all it ever will be. Fatter for the people minded. Oh, how about you say that you would sold him our religion? Yes, I sure am. And you know something? They just discovered what they think is the 10th planet in our solar system. I think all your religious nuts, you ought to go out there and have a good time. Okay. We're going to hand it over to you before we've been named it. In fact, I think I got a good name for the new planet. Yeah. If I can find it, Jesus Christ. Right. I like it. You got Saturn Uranus. Can we say that anymore? No. Saturn Uranus. Neptune Pluto and Jesus Christ. Way out there at the end of the solar system. We don't a road. Go in the embrace it, squeeze it, enjoy it. Final it. Oh. 257 at 560 WM. It's the last mortgage you'll ever need. It's the only one mortgage from the financial group. The benefits are unbeatable. They're absolutely unbelievable. And you pay zero closing. Cause zero application. Fee zero credit bureau fees. Zero discounted points. So get the new low interest rate. It just 1.25%. If you have $100,000 loan, your payments are only $334. The $200,000 loan. You pay just $60 to the end of month. And don't forget once you're refinancing to get a new home mortgage from financial group. You'll never ever pay those closing costs again. So call today there's absolutely no obligation. They'll explain to you how worse. Call 1 866395 land. Get yourself that low rate mortgage is zero. And then move to the next property with no further cost of expense. You pay zero underwriting fees. Zero dock fees. Zero closing costs even when you move your ass to another property. Get yourself that new low rate financing. Just 1.25%. The only one mortgage from financial group I never pay those closing costs again. Call them today toll free at 1 866395 land. What's not to like? That's financial group. 1 866395 L.E. and the the Vanicolows Englander restrictions apply rates under change monthly 4.21 APR. We're supposed to be a 5.6 for you. You a M. The 1 to 2 hours. I know hand. There's no need to feel down or have no need. You can touch the ground a new I've all. So put your glass I've all down. There's a place you can't be happy flatters. There's a special today for some fingers. It's double coupon date. If you're buying listen to and part you'll find you can use their new express line. We sell the body parts of you. See L.A. the silver body parts of you. See L.A. They have everything from a phone to a job. All you need is your phone stop. You get your body parts of you see L.A. also are surviving parts of you. See L.A. You can get a new heart. Even A.N.A. part. You can put it on your credit card. Anybody have a heart or a liver? 1 0 2 5 60 WM happy Monday to you. Spain's Prime Minister like Jose Luis Rodriguez of a turtle. B protecting tribe troops from Iraq and criticize US president George WC. , theCA.uationning more to him Jews stated how to sell animals today the future latter or Mustafa General will be chased around him. He spoke for your ministry and you're trying to identify their They were carried out by Islamic extremist like the Al-Qaeda, as punishment for Spain's help in the invasion and occupation of Iraq. Those troops are coming out fast, by the way. Before June 30, Spain's 1300 troops in Iraq will return home as he had promised before the elections. Here's a huge fact from Mike, who's phony name we can't read on the air. Since Karl-Mertz Presbyterian Church has an excellent website, Dr. Kennedy teaches, home-always bad, giving to the church good, ignorance is bliss. Excellent. Here's a fact from Travis, who says, Neil. I was taken my little sister rate 16 home over the weekend, and she put on power 96. As I've been growing increasingly concerned with the radio and broadcast censorship issues, I couldn't believe what I was hearing. Now I used to listen to power 96 on occasion back in the day. However, I don't remember it being like that. Not only do the songs go way over anything that set up by on air talent on Howard's during a year show, but the commercials in Promo's produced by Power 96 have tons of sexual content that seem banamble by the current fascist standards. Don't give you wrong Travis, as I couldn't hear less with power says on the air. I don't really care for listening to it anymore, so I simply don't. How is it possible, though, that these stations play that rap hip-hop aren't being shut down completely? I think it could be took a 50 cent song, even the power 96 way to edit, submitted to be played as a bit on your show would get vetoed. In sanity, I tell you, says Travis and you are... I'm so impressed, I'm impressed. Right. Different set of standards, man. For the hip-hop crowd, for the no-speciting, glazed crowd, who use every four letter word that's ever been invented in any language, who's slander people on a regular basis if they don't have it a goose step the right way. Now what are we going to do with this, Wes and Guy? I just don't know what to say about this. I mean, remember the woman that drowned her kids in a bathtub, right, Andrea Yates, Susan Smith, drowned a kids in the car? I mean, there's no shortage of crazy sick people who do grow test things, not just to other people's kids, but to their own kids. But this thing, this Marcus DeLon, Wes and... To me, it's not human. I put him on the same level with Freaky Carlos out of the reception desk. It's not human. It's of unknown, undeterminable origin. Corners, deputies, completed autopsy. Did you see the cops? Yeah. Some of them were so sick they had to go like for immediate counseling. They were just puking and never seeing anything like it in their lives. She estimated it'll take a few more days to finish the remaining five autopsy. She released the victims, names once the identities have been established. Neighbors and others who came into contact with the Western Clan, that's what the C... Ah! Said they always thought something was a myth. Frank Moonia and attorney who his soldiers historic Fresno home on Cambridge Avenue to five women who lived with Western, said each time he visited Western appeared to be romantic with a different woman. I started noticing they were all in a met with each other, Marcus would have his arm around the tall one one time, and be sitting close with another one another time. Did this one spread it around? Yeah. Who knows what sort of Fierzi may have instilled it them over the years? Said, Yanyah Leilich, sociology professor of Cal State at Chico. Noting that the empty casket's made them a scare tactic, he could still harm them he still alive, they may also be afraid of being implicated in crime. Women who fall into the clutch of charismatic male leaders are often from upper class, educated backgrounds counter-decome on assumptions he said. How's Chuck Manson doing by the way? Don't find that. Yes. How come he's still alive? I don't. I don't. The law says, lost his list. Well, let's Western son of a bitch, he's got to be dead before midnight. Okay. Although I think what they should do is they should put him on the inside. Right side by side with Martha Stewart. Oh, and you never reminded me about that. Don't forget about Martha. Oh, God. I'm just battling all over the place here. Prison gangs target Martha Stewart. They're ready for you sweetheart. They're ready for your arrival. Better than X and made tells all and says she'll be lucky to come out in one piece. This is in this week's inquiry. Martha Stewart's been targeted by vicious prison gangs and faces a living hell of physical abuse and constant danger. The inquiry has learned exclusively. Gains of lesbians are already waiting Martha inside the federal pin, or she's likely to be incarcerated. The federal correctional institution in Danbury, Connecticut. Martha will be the biggest prize in the joint. Once a formal issue, I've been very present. Yeah. He's got to be a big prize. Although federal prisons housing white collar criminals have earned the nickname club Fed. The harsh reality is that 62 year old Martha faces abuse and humiliation at the end of both inmates and guards and is at risk of severe beatings. Signaligible sources. The inquiry has learned that lesbian prisoners regard Martha as a trophy in guards, despiser, placing her in extreme danger. Oh, right. One tough as nails, lesbian leader, was overheard boasting to another to other Danbury inmates. I'm going to make Martha my new girlfriend. You go girlfriend. Stunt for a sequel to Oz, I'd say. Alright. And a shocking internal prison report obtained by the inquiry details the horrors of Danbury, including sexually abusive male guards. To make matters worse, we learned that Martha is claustrophobic, making the confines of herself even more of a nightmare, Martha will have to completely surrender her privacy, using exposed turrets, shallowering nude in prison stalls, and chowing down with other inmates on awful food that sometimes contain maggots, say sources. But best of all, something that rhymes with maggots, she'll have to run the gutlet of the lesbian gang, said the former Danbury worker. The former Hollywood madam Heidi Fleiss who served 20 minutes in the federal prison for tax evasion told the inquiry that Martha will be targeted by lesbians, and there's little she can do about it. Jail is lesbian hell declared Fleiss. Lesbian hell, or have it depending on where you're standing. Not for Martha. A source for making it with the Danbury prison divulged when Martha's guilty verdict came down on March 5th, words spread like wildfire through Danbury's althymal population. The two in time makes these women love starved and sex-grade, and some of these women are thrilled that Martha may be coming to Danbury. They're anxiously waiting her arrival, and not because they wanted to decorate their cells, or cook up a sunny night prison meal. There's a belief that Martha is, or we're going to think she's above everybody else, they want to chop her down to size, which could include horrible homosexual acts. Oh, no! Oh, right! Four Martha, there's a lot more. Pick up the inquiry and read it. Read all about it. I'll do Martha hating bastards out there. I'll change my mind. When you're worth a billion dollars and you have to be that dishonest, anything goes. Plungeer. How big are your pardon? Plungeer guts out. At Pomp and O'Park. Right. Tell me to cue away, hello. Line one. But I think why don't we, don't say it. I'll cover up. Come to QM, hello. We're leaving Martha just being up to. Come to QM, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. We can make a reality show out of the Martha's sewer, right? Which book jail? Be great, give 95 sure. Now, what I'm, what I'm really upset is I give Kudos to these spanures. They went out there and they revolted and they took out them power or the right wing and everything. They stopped what they wanted. Why can't we do that down here? Well, we can't in November. But we got to wait for an November. They went overnight. Yeah, well, they didn't want to mean they went overnight. The election just happened to be coming up this weekend. What can I grab? What happened to the ones? Yeah. Yeah, we read a newspaper would be good. Yeah, it was something very unusual. So it was called an election. Wow. What a concept. And it wasn't even rigged. They didn't have Catherine Harris because I understand as a rumor flowed around by Catherine Harris. In fact, you know what? I understand there's a rumor flowed around the Catherine Harris is floating around. Oh, that's tough. In the tub. Get your facts straight, Mr. Get your facts straight. Paul Castro, no one will Howard David. It does does a cute. That's our crowd. When it surprised me of Catherine, I'll go with a post to that because he's less than right now. I'll make no mistake about it. He's taking notes. One website you like best for news and information we asked on our website today. They don't like this pool. I'll tell you that 466 votes. Even Josh is embarrassed how weak this pool is today. Not as weak as the heralds though. Heralds got 103 votes already. I think I goose the extra ones on her. Theorodgers.com 149. I don't read the internet for news and information. 89. Smoking check. In fact, you know what? We probably could have put a period after the word read. Hmm. I guess I can't read. Smoking.com 42. BuzzFlasht.com 35. Common Dreams.org 33. Michaelmore.com 23. The DrogeryPorts.com 20. Oh my god. The nation 18. Salon.com 9. Fark.com 8. Fill the void.net 8. Tom Payne 8. MediaHoriz.com 7. That's great. BBC6 Newsmax.com 4 Crazy People. The DrogeryPorts. Swoking.com 2. 2.0. 1979 pewn and dishonest. Rob. New Gum A ten bright, quiet. It's just a f***a spirit. Hey if you're in a dead end job if you're underpaid no overwork and you'd like to new high paying career but Todd Reg just can't do it for you. Man he just I think about him and I start getting angry and you know just why I was starting to calm down don't do it. I think about him and I wonder what does it take to get some little piece of crap like him off his ass and sit down in his little word processor for just five minutes want every two or one three two or three month and do some work. Is it possible? No will he do it. Can you embarrass him in doing it? Well he'd be forced to do it. Does screw-in want to make him do his job? No. If this sounds like you then call fast train today till 3 at 1 8 6 fast train. They can have you train in so to 5 for a brand new high paying computer network professional career and is little as 4 months so if your life is going nowhere if your paycheck is an embarrassment if your boss is a major schmuck. Make a big change. Call fast train today they offer you day evening we can class just to fit around your schedule. They offer you job placement assistance financial aid of people who qualify and then you've got seven floor locations so there's about to be one nearby you. Don't delay another minute. Check them out on the web fast train.com and then make the call that can really change your life in Spedetoddrec call 1 8 6 fast train and be sure and tell them that I'm just Todd told you to call. Hi this is Martha Stewart and I've always said that the life gets you lemons you should make on the night. That's why I'm proud to introduce my newest magazine Martha Stewart's living behind bars. In this month's issue we'd about the do's and don'ts of prison relationships. You'll learn how to make a stylish shank for self-defense and of course you'll find sensational recipes for such self-lock delicacies as turn key trifle. Screws too and electric cherries to believe and how to select the perfect razor jack to compliment your mail. Need to remove telltale DNA from crime scenes? It's an magazine. How about getting bloodstays and pesky gray matter out of your clothing? It's an magazine. Martha Stewart's living behind bars. It's a celebration of incarceration available at any new stand that accepts a griff's cash. They're waiting for us we'd art. They're all set up for you. Come on in. 1 18 it. Well I like the end of all those. 1 18 and 5 60 WQM. It says here this facts. The reason there's no protest to demonstration about rate over the notification of America is because over the past 30 years the so-called liberal media has been telling us how unacceptable that kind of behavior was back in the 60s. They always say the same stuff about the turbulent 60s. What about your crap? And then it says sorry what a bunch of it's nothing. The symbol for all of those things. Anyway here's the abrittenes spares poop. The current queen of poprittenes spares is set to shock fans yet again with a new video on what she commits suicide in the bath. Oh, make it. In the promo for every time directed by controversial photographer David Lasha Pele, Brittany escapes a mob of being pop, paparazzi wanted to have a booze fuel argument with a boyfriend. Booze fuel. She has then depicted slipping out of the water in a bath with an open bottle of pills beside her as the boyfriend attempts to revive her second new Brittany locked out of the hotel. The former squeaky clean pop princess was at number one on the charts with a single toxic is at a controversial past year which is our briefly married childhood friend and biggest breakdown in tears in the live TV interview and allegedly engage in a drunken nightclub several nightclub business. Video a scene by many is an ironic side swipe by Brittany to what others perceive as her unstable state. A.K.A. marketing is what it's called. Marketing. Okay. Everything in the world including Muggipson and the movie and Brittany spares in a video no matter what it is it's called marketing. It's a business. 560560 pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon line. WQA and hello. Hello. Yes sir. Yeah. Hey. Thanks for today's beaded curtain. You're on the crash on her since Mugg and I'm not talking about the other. Okay. But now you're a stand up. Get off the floor and stand up straight now. Okay. I've got the new site that might put a rise in your pole. Okay. Get news.com. And for the sports dogs out there there's sports.com. Okay. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. 560560 is at the Bulgain time yet or what? Palm 560 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Don't forget you got that waiter. There's a pop in in my there's a frog in my soup tonight. And the big is going to be broadcasting from the wake of a wish foundation of banquet with the panthers. Is Josh your court is going to be there? No. You're not invited? No. I heard Joe Rose is invited. I guarantee you be knew as many hockey games this season as Joe. Well, I won't be there. I see. Well, that's the bad news. But I guarantee you Denise Potpan will be there for all you what people want to kiss a frog. Hello. Hey Neil. Hi, Mr. Pretty good. Are you up or down this this week? Am I. Why? Are you in Canada? Are you down in sunny South Florida? I'm in my home. So what what's going on though in Canada as far as the Howard repercussions? I mean, what what is the Canadian? Uh, Brian. Brian. They're not because he got tossed off the year here a long time ago. There's the one thing in Canada that they're even more pruders than the US about. Radio and TV. Oh, too much worship in the Queen. Okay. I'm curious. I was just curious to that. It's, uh, you know. Okay. Well, hey, grab your path for it and do a Atlanta or be our, I'll let's get a. Okay. Do it's land over all else is what he was trying to say. Do Spagu Barraus. 560, 750, 50 scientists find 10 planet like I said. All your religious nuts. All the gods. Why? You can go there and have a good time. We'll pack you sandwich. Scientists may have discovered the solar system 10 planet more than three billion kilometers farther away from the sun than Pluto. NASA said to make an official announcement later today. In fact, they have an oppressed. Oh, we missed it. How come it was not, uh, it was a one o'clock. I missed it. Nobody was, I was nine. I got to see an incident here right now. It was never on. The object of our 10 billion kilometers from Earth has been given the provisional name of Sedan. Sedna. After the, in you, what goddess of the sea? Sedna. Okay. Did he used to be on KDK? John Signa? I've heard of him. Dr. Michael Brown of the California Institute Technology and his team of astronomers using the recently launched type power spits or space telescope found said in the doing and ongoing three year outer solar system project. The tonight we observatory in Arizona was used to provide a verifying second set of measurements for the object. The largest object to be found surfing the Sunsens Pluto was discovered in 19. About 30. The discovery is also sparked a made of what constitutes a planet. Initial details indicate sender to be made of ice and rock to be of a smaller size than Pluto with a diameter of almost 2,000 kilometers, which is about 1200 miles. That's pretty small. Yes. Sounds like a space rock to me. Well that's what they're saying. That's what they're arguing. Many astronomers say Pluto with the diameter of 2300 kilometers is too small to be termed and it's actually just one of many minor objects in the outer reaches of the solar system. But keeping in mind what it might or what this happens to be if it's more than 3 billion kilometers away for a further way than Pluto. 10 billion kilometers from the earth, which is six million miles. Okay. Then how long did it take for the light from that object to get to us? Let me get my calculator. I'll be you see what I'm saying. Yeah. Oh, but you're wrong. You he then bastard. The Bible says 5000 years, the earth is 5000 years old about it. Seriously. I mean it's just, you know, I'm not going to change your mind, but anybody wants to believe that garbage. You need mental help. You need to be whatever they did to Sheridan on passions man. I'll let like or shock their feet. He'd lock them. That's it. That's exactly it. Sarah Goldfarb lives. WQAM. Hello. QAM. QAM. Oh yeah. We've just called the Neil Rudder Show. Speaking. Speaking about. I can. You want to turn it off please. Yeah. Go home. No. I was just going to call the Neil Rudder Show. Are you speaking to him? Neil? Yeah. We do screenless, so we don't like putting Josh into a lot of work. Oh man. I'm sorry. I didn't mean to hold you up. I mean, I can climb. No, you can. I can climb. I can't. I can't. I can. I can't. In other words, I can't. I can't. But you know what? I can't. I can't. I can't, I can't do that. I can't. Well, I can't. I can't. I can't. But yes. Yes. Please help me. I can't. No. or no signs out for us. I couldn't get into the school. I came back home. I called up again and they told me some obscure entrance to the school. What happened to you? Well, they don't want to make it too easy for you. Yeah, well, I went into the polling place. You know, I know it was useless, but I wanted to show the numbers. Right. I'll get out and vote and show these people that we're out there. And I went in and I ripped them a new, uh, I don't know what you're saying. I did a new duty hole. Oh, geez. I don't want to get you out there. I shouldn't have said that. No. But, uh, and there was one lady in there, of course, every public in there also. So, you know, I didn't know that, but I said, we said this up a bunch of Republicans. You know, I couldn't even find my polling place. Damn. And anyway, that's all I got. I just wanted to let you know and keep doing a good job and let the people know what's going on. Well, if nothing else, the Reese's at least consistent anyway. Oh, I'm telling you, man, she used. I was going to, I was going to forgive her and, you know, vote for again. But after this, that forgets that, you know, I'm not vote for her. Only one thing to say to the Theresa. Bye, bye, bye, bye. There you go. Hey, like you, Kelly. Bye. Thank you. 27 after one at five, 60 WQM, I've been telling you for years why you need to call dial a mattress at 100 mattress. Here's just a few more reasons to make that call. Dial a mattress backs up everything they say and advertising 100% but their competitors still use lots of false deceptive claims they lie a lot. When you see a mattress at making outrageous claims, our advice is redefined print. There are a lot of lies out there. Here's an example. The ad screen is free frame. Free set up free removal. The tiny print underneath it says, it only applies to luxury models or you have to live so close to the story. It probably be their next door neighbor or it's for something you don't need like a frame. Most people guess what? They don't need a frame and stores want to apply the credit to something else instead. It seems there's always a reason why the promotion doesn't apply to whatever you're buying. But, at dial a mattress the rides have no tiny print, noticelaimers, no lies, no BS. Every dial a mattress delivery includes free set up and free delivery. Whether it's top of the line set or twin mattress for a bunk bed, dial a mattress or delivery terms apply wherever you live. No exceptions from Kindle to Stewart, Palm Beach to Ford Myers. And dial a mattress reminds you to redefine print because they want you to know what you're buying even if you decide not to buy from them. So what are you waiting for? Do what I've been doing for years to guarantee you a great night's sleep for a long time to come. Call 1800 mattress or log on to mattress.com. Dial a mattress at 1-800-MATTRESTIONEST WAY to buy you a bed. Whatever. But I really like that. Keep your under toes 130 to here's a facts that says, thank you for the great job you do everyday providing us the truth. I appreciate your motivation and enthusiasm. Maybe the sun's sent a little stuff up to the plate with you. What if you're headed through a, wasn't that intro? I was just letting the editor just a little blurb. For your pool, take back to media.com. That's a good one. Got it? Got it. Let us see if the liberal media covered the protest happening day outside the White House. I heard I NPR yesterday about a group of people who are marching from Delaware to the White House. They're also gathering outside the White House and one of the hospitals where the soldiers are being treated. Delaware with the chosen starting point to draw attention to flag-grab caskets of our fallen soldiers that we don't get to see on our TV. The only caskets we're preparing to see is W's PSA. Theo was at the FCC that squelts Condoleezza back in the neighborhood at Condy we visit. No was not. No was not. It was some right-wing pressure groups who, uh, of course, the corporate cave to NPR, which corporate always caves in. See, this is the problem. And they don't understand it because they're too stupid to understand it. When you came in the threats the first time, you know what happens the second time? Oh, they leave you alone and never bother you. Right. And the third time they give you money. It says, when that happened, I could sense the federalist's most repose, not everybody. Well, I had nothing to do with that. Just as they were implored at 2000, Janet and Justin screwed us big time. I thought the farting jack-ass was more offensive. Katherine Harris is the wicked bitch of the South Keeper. Oh, I heard some rumors about Katherine Harris, by the way. I heard she, this morning. Did you? Ha ha ha ha ha ha. In fact, rumor I'm here right now is that she, in a plane, is the rumor I'm here and get your facts right Rogers. Here's a great article. Jack Balonger from the Dissident Voice. Do I have time to read this? Yes. I guess I do. He says, God, is starting to scare me. And he isn't talking about, oh, God. At this point, I don't even think of evangelicals or Christian conservatives as being a segment of the Republican Party. And while we're saying, they are the Republican Party. Former representative Gary Bauer on how President Bush must tend to religious conservatives to get reelected this November newshouse news Sunday, March 2nd. Let me read that sentence again. I quote from Gary Bauer that I've not just a little lunchkin, quizzling. He says, I don't even think of evangelicals or Christian conservatives as being a segment of the Republican Party. They are the Republican Party. Anyway, Jack goes on to say, I've just read the rise of the religious right and the Republican Party. A public information project from theocracywatch.org. Adding the info and report to what one finds in the new mainstream media every day, and you can begin to realize how scary the new American God can be. If those people would censor and passion of religious beliefs who also believe in a secular government don't start speaking up, these not are going to turn America into a Uber Christian, intolerant and ignorant theocracy that would make the 1970s Iran look like an epitome of religious tolerance and a chemical understanding. In my half century plus, I've watched a lot of terminology turned on its head. Compassionate conservative means you hate the elderly poor and disabled. Democrat means you're too softly the nation in war, even though every major war in the past 60 years would led by Democrats with the solar sub-exception of Bush's illegal invasion of Iraq. The Republican seem to think Franklin Roosevelt was in the GOP. Pro-life can mean you choose the life of a single cell over that of the mother. Veterans automatically don't know as much about wars those who hit from it. Scientists are almost automatically pagans. If you work faithfully per decades, but are now unemployed it's your fault and certainly not of that of the corporation that after hiding its profits and attacks even offshore has now outsourced your job to a child in Bangladesh. And the list goes on and on. But more recently the writer has reached the point where if you're not a rabid right wing Republican you seem to have no right to claim a religion at all. If you're a Catholic or your religion is not based at Christ at all such as a Muslim or Jew, Buddhist or Hindi, the fundamentalist Christians will seek your support for now, but without even getting into the horrors that they hope await you in the rapture I wouldn't want to be an on-Christian or Catholic American a decade or two if the Pat Robertsons and Jerry Fowballes have their way. Oh and don't believe that if you're a Protestant you're going to be given a passing their phonetic seven because Pat Robertson will quickly disavuse you of that notion. You say you're supposed to be nice to the Piscopeians and Presbyterians and the Methodists and this and that the other thing nonsense. I don't have to be nice to the spirit of the Antichrist Pat Robertson, the most dangerous man in America, question mark by Raab Austin. Another voice sadly discouraging liberals on religion this time into discussion group a discussion of Gibson's passion is William Merchison writing an column for the Dallas News. I have a theory Merchison wrote, it is that from the 21st century, U.S. liberal Stan point the kind of people who would go to such a movie who worse would like it aren't the kind you find working for anti-smoking ordinances and gun control they probably wear for any stake, favor school choice, vacation in Branson, Missouri instead of San Francisco, have it rushed to Jevon on Iraq, respect soldiers and religious leaders, regard churches the place to be on Sunday and perhaps worst of all, large numbers respect and come to November might vote for the guy in a White House who called Jesus his favorite philosopher. Merchon asked that PHD pointed out to fault with that argument so well and are led to the editor of the Dallas Morning News and response to Mr. Merchison's column. From all that's known to the historical Jesus, he was not a rich meeting smoking, drinking tough, macho-postering white male from Texas. If you do claim to be a question, these Uber Christians say you must be in favor of Bush's policies, including those harmful at least amongst us, if not you and may God have mercy on your soul or I bleep and e bleep liberal. It's time folks time for people to speak up, you can take back your government, your religion, their mercies, place in a community of nations and it can be quite civil to win the fight. Just use the ballot box to battle those who use religion as a business tool, with which to take control of the corporation called the United States. Come November of vote, vote as though you all you whole wholly depended on it because it just might. Check out. Once you're in the Senate vote, this is in voice. Pretty good. Eight man 21 till 2 at 560 WCM, we got the mad dog at who the hump right chill as the Hebrew hammer coming up at 4. The big pile of Al-O-O-Rindwells of where he whetta his name is, if he make a Bush Foundation back with it 7, 8k at 10 and sporting news radio overnight. You're a Rochelom piece talks the rail. What a shocking and it's price. Yeah, there's a shocker for I know it's going to come as a great surprise from Costa Coast. I forgot this son Friday. US president adds to his staggering string of verbal gaffes. He drops some real goofies in a short time as US president for George W. Bush came up with a worse so far while visiting Brazil in May of last year. In conversation with Fernando and Rikai Cardoso, the 71-year-old president of Brazil, Bush blurted out, you have blacks here too. And in Bursting, silence was punctuated by Condolese, a rise to the black US National Security Advisor, who hastily chimed into the rescue by telling Bush that Brazil had a higher black population than any country outside Africa. Square the necessity of having to give Bush's dumb question answer Cardoso later described the US president as still in training. The incident which happened in full view of the press was not reported neither the US or British press. The only media to write up the story was the German news magazine their spigle. That interesting wasn't reported in the US or British media. Not to try to brainwash anybody. I mean, the British news because they wouldn't do that. Not that they're trying to manipulate the BBC and Britain or maybe put them out of business shut them down. They're actually wasn't talking one to shut it down. For a little bit too much of the truth and they would say no like. Oh yeah, we didn't sex up that report. You people just made that up. Be a great leader of concern that Al Qaeda may have definitely been behind those attacks in Madrid. If that's so a great leader of the terrorist and discounted into these markets, you're also down. Everybody's down, baby. That was down another 110 and as they're down almost 40 points. Things are like, where is those jobs by the way, huh? We're all those jobs. Those three million jobs you're going to have this year that Al presidency was talking about. He couldn't have been lying again, could he? No. WQA and hello. QAM. Going once. WQA and hello. Do you do a nail death note? Yes, sir. Good afternoon, Tia. Thank you for your time. Thank you, down. Please. All right, sir. Survey you had a couple days ago on Red Lobster. One of the common on that, by May. The survey we had on Red Lobster, this sounds like Reverend Jones today. Well. WQM, hello. Yes, that's who we were. Randy Rose last slow. We saw that we had Jeno. Myster is first. He starts in the area of recovery. We knew he was there. Sir, sir, sir. Sir, what? Were you slow down? Okay. Last Thursday was Randy Rose last. Yeah, we already know that we've had that on the year starting March 31st. She'll be on the afternoon on. I remember radio. Right. And the last, but you played a, Randy Rose. It sounded like she's almost chilling out the guy that was home when she went. She says Randy, she says what? He says Randy, he says what? He says, are you listening to me? You're listening to me? I'm going to Randy. I'm going to Randy. What? Are you listening to me? No. You see, that's, that's the light bulb again. See, this guy that we just had on there. Yeah. The light bulb. Now with all the respect, Randy, I wish you nothing but the best. She's one of my protegeys. I hope she goes far. Hope she makes millions of dollars. She had to balls to tell off Greg, Bob Green. That's a Freudian sling. Oh, another schmuck. But, uh, so I wish you nothing but the best. But, you know, this whole business about liberal talk radio. And look at the like that. Cornish, tell them man. Not into it. They're busy. They much rather see Adrian Barbo, sideways upside down, on our hate, on our toes, on their toes, whatever. That's what they're. System. Right. I mean, the first amendment, what that? What that be, huh? The first amendment. Freedom is speech. What that be? Here we had that one woman I called it. She was great. She was excellent. Yeah. One. But, no, but you know, I'm picking up. Remember all the women we had calling and screaming bloody murder during the alien day? Oh, my goodness. I was waiting for you. Oh, brother. I was waiting for you. Say they're prosecuted. So on the one hand, we had a lot of hysterical Juliets. And on the other hand, we had a lot of red necks. And it was just, and we're going to have another meeting down there in on Dixie Highway on the eighth of the big oak tree. They're right by, uh, uh, shorties. And we're going to have another, a brainstorming session. A brainstorming session. Remember that? We're going to have a pro miracle rally. Here on the beach. Long live. They were planning. They were having a meeting to plan their next meeting. So they could go down and strategize. How they're going to piss each other off. And let the Cubans know that they hate them. And the Cubans were going to let them know that they hate them even more. And, uh, wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. How sad. But when freedom of speech is an issue, when a government, when this fascist government comes in and wants to take away whatever liberties we got left, even the New England Patriots Act, I think that's why they made a big flap about Janet Jackson and Justin take a while. Huh? Cover up the fact that the Patriots run as Super Bowl. Because if too many people talked about that, then it's subliminally, it makes you think about the Patriot Act, see? Mm-hmm. And you know, there's nobody even talked about the game. Once we had the flap. Huh? Here's that story. Here's a story about a man named Brady about that planet. Oh, here it is. This should call the family portrait. And we'll go through it again. Oh, it's Spice. Sky Miles O'Brien. Cated. Real space could it. Is that the moon? Yeah, that's Mars. Mother. Just. Served. Us. Nine. And then you can't see Pluto. Pizza. That's how you remember it. Mars? No, that's not how you remember it. I mean, how can you be so stupid? You would eat. I can understand. Remember, as you went and said, or near and is Neptune. Don't see your rainers. Siafer pizza. I started off with Mars. Oh, my God. This is their space expert. Sky Miles O'Brien. I'm certainly not news network. Holy, holy, holy man. Holy cow. Like I said, America, you're finished. I don't want to give you to be the bear bad tidings. You're finished. You're done. History. Bye-bye. The nice known you. You're done. Finito. Let's turn on something important. Like the BBC where they got soccer. Before the half hour. Jonathan Mackin' sounds into school. He's the ever-premise ship. Go and see how it feeds him for the second time. He knows you need to get back into the game before half time. Don't you think just one really good heavy bomb will win up a lot of those brits? I can't say it. And I better not. Don't say it. Because it might rhyme with brits. You know what I'm thinking? Mm-hmm. Oh, now what you're thinking? What do you think? We got the word police. Guess what's coming like after this in a member election of Bushwins again thought we got the thought police. You didn't say it, but you were thinking about it. You were going to say it. Well, how do you know, the thought police? Well, they've already mentioned double on time. So how do they know what you're thinking? Because they're reading your mind. Mr. Don't ask so many questions. Know that the Lord even loves Neorodgers. That's it. You're brought in up to what's the vibrancy. Now that's up to the people down. Underwater and drowns and crack around. You must go up and down. If the biggest party ever seen. That people make sure all the toilets are clean. Hell, sight and lot of crap. Like a big shot, needy and so on. And then, the block here, God. It's all about how important you feel when the rest of the country takes it's no date. They'll pour it, causes your blood. Go down the alien party. There's onion beer from the roast ghost bed. And rock and music by Lafandhette. Call a kitchen cramp down. Ain't clean their deviance. Under-recognity blind. I've been surrounded with a croppedly clay. And that's human clean by having blood. And it's doing good. That's for me to order that sucks. They now callingly on art. What are they doing? They don't really have art. They don't really need to not art. They don't really need to not art. What are they doing? They don't really need to not art. What are they doing? What are they doing? What are they doing? Oh, we're fine. They don't really looky. They don't really looky. They don't really looky. They don't really looky. They don't really looky. They don't really looky. They don't really looky. They don't really looky. They don't really looky. They don't really looky. They don't really looky. They don't really looky. They don't really looky. I'm sure proud to work on a radio station for a company that's dealing with this thing. And I'm saying taking the Sysav Swift action by firing to a mark. That's your favorite, isn't it? Yeah, man. I think that's all of our problems. None of our button no more. Don't get me started. I'll start with another attack on Josh Darrow. I'm clearance. You don't want to do that. Yeah, I don't want to do that. With what? Find anything. Okay, here's what we got on a pull so far. 565 was pretty weak. But, you know, it's not a great pull. Sorry. Never do that again. I thought it was a good idea. I thought it was a fine idea, but, you know, it's not a palace now, isn't it? What website do you like best for news information? The Rogers.com 194. We didn't even have it on the beginning because I assumed that to be dozens and dozens of others. And, uh, 194. I don't read the internet for news or information 108. Smirkingchimp.com42 makes me feel that my donation was worthwhile. Vuzzfly.com37. Commandreams.org35. Drudge Report 26. I didn't know she had that many birth friends. Michael Mordad.com26. The nation 18. Solon.com13. Fark.com10. Philivoy.net10. BBC8. Tom Paynate. That's that I'm in Solon. And, darlice to go. WDQM. Hello. Hey, that's BQM. Excuse me. Excuse me. Hello. Yes. Did you read the article in the paper today in New York Times? About. Um, See here. Hard to come to New York Times. I think they were probably more than two or three. Yeah, I've read all investigators, two sessions, television, segments, which the version of the inspiration paid people opposed as journalists. Oh, yeah, I did. I did see that. You got that one, OK. Yeah. And they said it's so big deal. It happens all the time. But, you know, it's fake. It's more lies from boyshing day. You know, everything is staged. Everything is fake. Just like the casket, the draped casket would have flag on it. We don't see the real casket. We don't see any symbols that would indicate that they're really dead bodies. Real people coming back because they would be bad, you know, for the psychology of America, know that they're people dying over there. Based on a pack of lies, and then all those people would just die in Spain a few days ago. They'd based on a pack of lies that they got sucked into. Now, they got wise real quick. You know, they went to the pool. Yeah. No, no, no. So, between now and November, that's something you could keep in mind. Just in place, not on your forehead. No, my, my, my! I don't know what you should, but I'm not sure if you can do it. I don't know what you should. I don't know what you should. I don't know what you should. I don't know what you should.