The first in Florida with an HD radio digital signal signal. We are sports radio. I can hear it. Can you hear it? I can hear it. What's all this happening, man? I'm not going. Not again. Please. We're going. This is an ABC News Special Report. This is a wrong spell. Of course you've seen the most recent photos and videos, but here's some videos of your honeymoon. Oh my. What kind of sick position is that? Axe that can only be described as blatantly sophisticated, cruel and in humor. Are you wearing a leather pin yada? Those are tough questions. Is that a blow-up sheet? You know, 5% of Americans have gotten injured using a blow-up sheet. The facts are somewhat different than that. You told me earlier that you liked to wear women's clothing. I did not say that. This has been a presentation of ABC News. Oh boy, I can see this is going to be a real exciting day. You hear the way this sounds? Do you hear the way this sounds? Like crap? Like KRAP? Start a double. Start a double. That was just a TV show WKRP. I'm screaming. I'm sitting here yelling over here. Well, this sounds like garbage, man. But we got HDRAV something. Yeah, Kervoy is spelled. Don't you hear that? Great signal. Yeah, that's what we got. Here's H. That's what we have to change the call. I have to do WSH. You're full of radio station. And it sure is. Coming here this morning and somebody has dildarality 360 over here. A little machine that makes like, oh, sounds. I have no lines like that. I'm listening. That's somebody's dildarality. And you know what's interesting? Oh, I don't think I did that. I just come in here. Man, you talk about the blind leading to blind. Brother. They should pay me extra. Just not to come into this building. Just to make sure I never come back here. Oh, they like it. Yeah, I don't. I get so sour. Just five minutes in here. What are these? This bunch of clowns. And then they have a day. He got the nerve. They have a ratings party. That's the. You ought to see the sign on the wall out there. They got to sign as big as your ass. Fat boy. Oh, there's another one. Fat boy comes while in here. Another fat boy ambush this morning. You jack ass. You idiot. You him. I got. Yeah, get lost. I hope your plane crashes under way to Buffalo. The only people I know from Buffalo are Wolf. Blitz Creek. Uh. Who's the other one again on yesterday? I don't know. Oh, Tim Brasser. Oh, he's at the LSD. I wish a deal ahead. Oh, that explains. And of course, what he graper is always got to be one. You know, one good guy. Well. Like I said, what do they have in common? Okay, let's get with it. This is not going to work. Do you hear the way this sounds? Yeah, it was sounded fine. And then they like gutted it. Right? It was fine. And then as soon as we come in here, somebody in the other room again, I did it with the stuff in there. And like now we can't hear nothing. And when we do what I do crank this up, it sounds like. But listen, let's do the show like that. It's a wall center too. You idiots. You imma sell you. You morons. God. This is a freaking radio station. This is a joke. And by the way, Joe Rose don't want guilty on a show. What? I just thought I passed that along. He didn't want any part of that. Oh, yeah, the Greg Reed. What did I say? I'm Friday. He won't stop tinkering and tinkering and tinkering. Very jackass rights that crap in the hero line Friday, which you know where that had come from. No, where. Somebody. Some mole somewhere. Maybe some reikers. I've got a hat on my eyebrow. I've got a hat on my eyebrow. Okay. Mole, a noma. Balled head and geek mole. When I crappy haircut and his first brother suit. Anyway. Oh, yeah. You see, goldstein. Maybe moving to what? I'm, yes, what? Joe works fine. Lonnie. Two great numbers in last book. Quit. Messing with success. If there are parts that are broken. Fixed those parts. Don't keep messing with the parts that are broken. Like this show that you practically destroyed a couple years ago. Stick in a silver there. Nine to one because he's got an old fart that can only work for three hours. Which by the way, we've bonded nice in this morning. I feel sorry for him. I don't care what you say. He's pathetic. What? What about me? Unportable with him. Undo in my best. Are you? Yeah. Up to it including this morning. He said. He's pathetic. Exactly. It's a sad sad. He can't help himself. He would like to be liked. But he like you said. He doesn't know how to do it. Like your mother. Right. He would like for people to like him. He doesn't know how to make that happen. I cannot sit here for four hours. Listen to this. I better just turn it down. That's put head phones on. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. We got to the hands. He's just appreciated it. If your people were put you back on camera. Secondary PM and colon policies, give me back on. Like that. And then he went up. Go, say they got to write back on. And he answered the question about how we apologize. And it was based on full information. And how we never stole a freight train. It goodbye, Tim. And thank you so much. And called Russia from his plane to apologize. Let's go up there. Very nasty was because once again, these Nazis in there try to manage the news really sad problem it's after 10 at 560 WM you're technically in confident station make no mistake about it for the new millennium man but we are ht at the v we we we we we we we we we ready what you're pees and kia what you're we we yeah oh you know the messages there are no no there are things we know that we know rock rock rotsfoward there are no no no it's better to say there are things that we now know we don't know but there are also unknown unknown rock rotsfoward there are things we do not know we don't know and each year we discover a few more of those unknown unknown rock rotsfoward I believe what I said yesterday well I don't know what I said but I know what I think and well then this error unknown known say I don't think so although that's what I think are you picking our rungs throw all day today? good alright now just for your information since you sit in here most of the time yes one out of elsewhere this uh on off thing they don't work all the time either anymore look at it oh you know you think I just thought it was you if we had any kind of an engineering department that they would come in here like uh put a new balbiner what happened is that the a new boso engineer he jiggled a little bit and the ball too and it went on so we just left it right I mean anybody with a brain were realized whatever probably on a way out it's uh it needs to be replaced it cost about a quarter of a cent even the beeslies aren't too cheap to buy a coat well you know just stick it in there okay mr. engineer mr. make believe engineer this is fine air somebody thank you very much one of our chronic fractures faxies this fine air was name of the airline which turned out to be not so fine what yeah oh we're fine that song oh uh he's not so fine no mole was right dead and that was the uh one that had the cargo too much cargo in the back or something the red thing of flip it did and that was on runway six E uh West the one that sticks right between Tony's ass and general floppy's armpit that's the your our runway man who cares you know but then again he's a silly guy perfect for a silly place this is a silly place make no mistake about it no question yeah in fact I hate this place yeah nothing works here the joke the medications on work I've been here for seven years nothing works here I hate this place nothing works here the medications on work I've been here for seven years I hate this place nothing works here but we'll make up as we can you think that by now clearance would have come running in here and say oh well I'm adding I'm gonna be on we go waiting for bow camper maybe Kim will bring your refund check on your car today because he may be on I think may not be on what okay maybe no he will not be on okay I'm already been told that but his room is gonna be on it too we are still working on it we're gonna pencil somebody and maybe it'll be Kim Babou camper could be like I said and if he shows up he'll bring you that big cow from the front of the dealership and bring your check for 450 bucks three five one they shouldn't charge you at all if he was a real friend these okay just we'll slip it through there you know that's the way it should work in business in radio business right in my business friendly business I mean you know if he was a real guy but he's gonna make a bucket done he's a good guy really is Kim Babou camper I don't know if he's better be honored out because clearance has bothered coming and tell us anything about that because he's do busy in there with his nose up a dust ass anyway the hopper in the studio now he's a shoelace take to well nothing's perfect returning from ball to more and the pre-tons now even you must to see the highlights of the pre-tons no smarty Jones win and by 11 and half lengths just like secretary and the bellman man just pulled away from that field and demolished him of course unfortunately what's out of the horse I picked for third with Kim disormo didn't make it because was alright I forgot what it was who it all curious I mean what was it madadian mistake something anyway he didn't make it finished here but smarty Jones man wins and I think we got a triple crown one of those year this is the kind of story a horse story that America needs during these difficult times and now for some strange reason this thing won't print this crap out for some strange reason yeah just another technical problem I'm trying to print this damn thing I was having a lot of things on here not only worked all morning okay but now that we're on the year now it decided didn't want to work that's because my financial guy decided to finally facts me something of the number here is supposed to in Toronto yeah how is it possible if there's so many stupid people in one place he knows that I'm not here and he factions me information to Toronto and since me an email about it just so you have a copy there so you don't have to take a extra piece of wrong line with you and speak in a financial people George will be on tomorrow that's the good news because I got to spend all day with midchurch tomorrow settling our dispute hoping to get some money back out of those grave robbers tomorrow so I have one of those mediation deals all day long yeah you're gonna chat about your stat now I'm not gonna chat I'm gonna get some I'm gonna squeeze some money out of them don't you grave robbers oh this stuff comes back so fast you won't believe it yeah it comes back so fast just to tight they all got the same name snake world salesman that's what they all are is a matter of fact look at that market today the market is not good man wow you know why they called the standard and poor index don't you know wow wow wow wow wow take a look at that if it ever comes up again mark him it is respond but it would put about that was down a hundred eight point you mean after that horrible last week it was supposed to come back up and then the attack is down thirty two there's your friend Ted oh my god 10 David on where are you running another gambling channel you have to go on there only have to do his go on the CNN certainly not not to never the sea general commit structure from thirty three to forty five reggae yeah right okay here's the pull from my and let me tell you something some of you people your taste is really really unacceptable the breast run I was trying to think of brasserie max right that's the one it used to be rick and said sponsor yeah and it used to be very good I don't know if they're still in business even somebody probably will tell us if I were to take a call maybe this is the line one is telling us about brasserie max 2 a.m. yeah good morning good morning yeah like to speak to Neil speaking oh how you doing right yeah Neil I'm a new listener I just moved here from New York oh you don't want to be here what did you do last for you crazy well you know it's time I like Florida but anyway I've been listening to you and that this guy's so handy and this is really great radio yeah anyway Neil what I would I heard you last week saying that but also going on John Cash will be up by 30 points yeah and the fact is that he's not there it's really you know what the problem is first of all John carries a awful candidate yes he's a liar no I wouldn't say he's a liar he's just a an equivocator okay well back to New York loser go a suck on fuels toenails okay oh look at that yeah but wait yeah but wait a second there's another one there's another one there's a guy who sucks okay there's another one that's for them for them that have been vanished yeah but wait yeah but wait a second I'm going right on the air okay okay okay okay well what about okay there it is it should be back okay there it is what a technical wizard I am get lost pal go back to New York you loser you idiot they probably chased his ass out of the say plus he sounded like he's from New England even sounded like he's from New York couldn't say his always now he sounded like yeah New England like I know how those Boston losers anyway here's the poll from a Friday what maybe some of these people know about the the brusher max QAM hello yeah hi Neil I was just talking about that that's what I wanted to talk about Friday show was brusher max he used to work there is it still in business now they went out the mall screwed up because they were supposed to make it a damn marino's and when it came time for them all to come up with the money on the bills out they ended up not coming oh this town man it's just it's terrible isn't it it was a good place yeah well that mall just got sold again from what I understand like two weeks ago I don't know what they're doing with that mall brusher max yeah it was a good restaurant when I weren't there okay thanks pal how everything got it right see brusher max I told you probably wouldn't business no more and I was once again once again that's the little bit correct lucky luck to into it just like this morning I want I got to get some blood test you know I got to last the year or two I haven't done any of that stuff I'm getting to that age I need to search I can all my parts see if they're working and I had a card from a very nice guy I remember sure yes I went there two years ago in Davy and I drew my blood didn't even charge me which I'm not a snore I'm not I'm looking to pay whatever but if he wanted to be nice that was fine too and facts me the results were emailed or whatever and it was fine so I got his card I called this morning and they had no idea who I was talking about and who and what? and what? and wood yeah and wood oh yeah oh call me please please please Eddie please help me so I called his place and he liked long gone that's Florida man this is the most transient place slump brassory max good restaurant out of business let's do that pull again someday all the restaurants that should still be in business but aren't so many of the businesses that were good business right they are gone and now we got slock people like Walmart and that is really cardially you are what they're here mechanic don't I've been begging you of all people the good one is really to business I'm going to big it I thought I'm not going to be prejudice even though I've heard all these stories about his really business man has nothing to with prejudice and as to who was survival apparently my god why do not look at him send your moths in the stabby twice is really business people don't go to him don't blame me I warned you all right so tell him but you want your money back why they were very nice to me then where at the university university died yeah when I went to where they got the big girl from there's Dan Dowd there's another place right out of business and there's ever leased on what a horrible place that was Dan Dowd man man oh man there their meat was from well I don't know what did you ever eat there oh oh that's why you're still lying hey to the black angus the black ainas yeah oh that's gonna get all my life like that could you hear that this morning that emotional cripple about that bokeh Brian but just because duck comes on here and talks about painful defecation that doesn't mean we're doing it on this show clear up your act moth you idiot yeah he he's a pony moth make no mistake of that oh and they're censoring the bokeh Brian but it's why you gotta do something you know let me tell you right now about financial group you've heard me talk about these people they were incredible only one mortgage program with an unbeatable one and a quarter percent rate for the purchase or refinance of your home one and a quarter percent which means if you have a hundred thousand dollar loan your payments are a mirror three thirty four month they've got two hundred thousand dollar loan your payments are just sixty eight a month and now they're advertising on TV they're all over the radio they're on your pop up toaster they're on the walls this programs that everybody talking the only one mortgage makes it possible an only financial group makes it available so refinance your current home get money for renovations moved to another home and never pay fees or closing costs again you pay zero closing costs zero credit bureau fees your application fee zero discounted point zero everything this is for real just call financial group toll free and learn more by making a call one eight six three nine five land that's the only one mortgage is the only mortgage you'll ever need one eight six six three nine five L a n d the rean equal housing lender credit restrictions apply four point two five a pr rates subject to change monthly my mind local we're sports video five sixty two a I was wrong, spell, small, I rat these guilty files. Was that your style? And they can then kill the tile. Alright. Yeah, we're a part-lin-on. I'm old-dont-in-in. This is, I gotta turn it almost all the way down now. It still sounds like I'm talking to you, I'm... Tomato soup can? Yeah. I'm ready to make a lot of gracious tomato soup cakes, like on passion, I'm getting so worked up about this piece of crap. Jof Faxes and says the name of the horse in question was imperialism. He ran the fifth, ran bad. He was right there. And the puked in the stretch, is they say? And then what they always say puked in the stretch? Who says that? I always say, though. Or fabric sometimes says that. You know, fabric? Anyway, here's the appell result. We're a little bit behind here because, uh, I don't know. Which is whatever. Yeah. Court events. Yeah, Court events in this place. Oh, God. This place should be... So anyway, getting back to the blood tests. So we got somebody is coming in here. Is it a guy? He, uh, we don't know what's going to show up. Somebody, some obviously very well trained person is going to show up with a needle. The needle Watson. At about 11.30 in the take my blood. They're going to be drawn my blood right on the air. This is the third time we've done it. It's old news. Dr. Mark was in here. I want to have his more coherent days. Thank goodness a couple of years ago. Remember that? Sure. I want to have his few coherent days. Dr. Mark was here that day. And then, of course, I could have got up there in the, a tamarack and seen Dr. Dick. But I don't think I'm going to go see him. Okay. Do you remember him? Not personally. I don't know. You're lucky. Okay. Esmera doctor is my dog used to say that. Every story. Yeah. You heard the stories. They're all over time. So they're going to take the blood. And then the Marga to like go confabulate all day long. I didn't realize this deal takes all day. How would you know? I wouldn't know. But I found out from my attorney who tells me this morning that, Oh, well, I, you know, till three, four, but they're all freaking day. That that pro busher attorney you're talking about? No, no, no. Oh, yeah, you think I'd have that guy. The involvement something like this. God, almighty. Oh, now this print sound. Now that I re-abuted that printer there, the, and I'll print sound a hundred times. Good. Just in case you'll awesome. Here's the poll from my Friday. What is the best hit down? Oh, restaurant and software to today. Still open. Ruth Chris, which was my choice. Look at that. 342 votes, which number one is pretty shocking? Did you think that we had 240 people in the audience? Who could afford to eat a Ruth Chris? No. Well, they did. 20% of all of over 17-in-a-re vote said Ruth Chris. Joe Stonecrab's 105. We have the beast that likes Joe Stonecrab's. Now with him. His taste. I mean, when you deal with a guy that's just a pig that eats it a trough, I mean, how can you trust his taste? Uh, I don't. High-life cafe. Well, Clarence at his taste is in his touch the beast. High-life cafe 90. The cheesecake factory 81. So I've been only being a lot of patient people out here. I've got served there, entirely. Yeah. Wow. The pizza law has 65 votes they came in number five. I mean, seriously. We love Jeff. He runs a couple of spots on his show once they were in a great while. Oh, well, I'm in town. But 65 votes say the pizza law is the best hit down restaurant in South Florida. I mean, doesn't that strike you as being? I don't even know what to say about it. And it was 62. Christie's 51. Pf Chang's 50. Anthony's runway 84 and Houston's 48. Don't let me forget about the, oh yeah. Well, I don't know. Well, and, and also, here's the trip. Perfect. Anthony's runway 84. Houston's and the big cheese. He's 1048. The big cheese. Oh, yeah. That's what the officepurist in, He has a very beautiful, super nice dress here for Very few people. Series M, which you can find the*)בת stand who found the lady, you wanna bust some bread, m m-cat we have at home, me she said, Uncle Lens. tô段, walk up to kindergarten and you can't pass it. I found it weird for lunch, law veal may ason had dirty how come that's not dirty man there it is uh the rascal has twenty nine so I got twenty nine old Jews who like being treated like barbarians out there the palm twenty six the rustic in twenty six capital grill twenty three armadillo cafe twenty two should have been much higher New York prime twenty one canyons twenty marks laws allus nineteen crabbie jack nineteen the sage cafe eighteen cost of the angel of seventeen cafe tax-meck sixteen and what it is on on hell fifteen that's where feel like i'm in the last part love brochure fifteen cafe abracchi fourteen i'm sure that's not that that's not the right name abracchi uh china grill all let me tell you about the answer to them there's a la careta right the other grand christival skill tellers they la careta it sucks uh child what what i'm not gonna argue that well i'm just telling you it's grotesque you wouldn't send a christie there even now how uh right how now they tell and we're not talking about the media they're not like how it is now what about here if you probably have a right there don't have the long time ago they're no laws vagas some of us vagas person laws vagas keeping restaurants here in brown county are the best yeah they're great flacareta they must have a lot of careta there in the airport yeah i do what it's a media worker they must know that some of mayor of mayor pecania's uh assistance they got in the airport yeah it must be a good thing but they try to grill fourteen lavaranda thirteen Norman's thirteen i have no idea what that is i remember Norman's uh market that's still open Norman's produce down in kindle to good place never heard of it Norman brothers produce before my time no they're still around are they siam cuisine thirteen azole thirteen cafe motronos which i'm sure is misspell and scotties landing in ilmolino thirteen and mumbo jambo thirteen ilmolino's let me say it again what's wrong with you people in plantations you're tasting your toasturi what that was a great place that was excellent you know or was sure hate there was it's a like by uh what tells the by the fountain shops just a little south of the arrow right by a brown boulevard and the peeters road i mean university peeters road it was excellent fine place and the other one and the one they're talking about here is the one that's still open in four lavaranda al by the uh gateway theater there on sunrise but the other one in plantations was probably a little bit too good i don't know we sure got a lot of fast food joints out there we got a lot of shlock a lot of crap that's where the taste is in this town crap we got to make Donald's in every other street corner we got to win these we got a uh arby's oh man anyway black or can 12 Texas day but i's early 11 jimmies and Alexander's 10 it finally dawned on me you know what jimmies is i give up uh these to be a sponsor mine hundred years ago jimmies and ladders would like the same family and then they went their own way ladders and jimmies it's like a sit down like a diner kind of a place okay now how can a place like that be the best sit down restaurant in town good food uh Alexander's 10 jiani's nine blue door nine sushi blues and blue month cafe eight Barton G our touro's in full viosy Ted's seven where do they tell us full vios moved to i forgot because he used to be on davialoed extension bionic cafe it's a very good place villa rose a five when at the erzots thin uh tad in pieces supposed to be it's not crap but very in village five cafe night that's my opinion okay a lot of people like villa rose and i went there one time long time ago remember they recommended that oh they got that seemed like in Italy the same real thin pizza it was his dry as sawdust cafe 1909 michael's kitchen three Gary woos bistro two what about arney woob guzzburg's how he would prime one and metro kitchen in barhead one out of all of those votes i don't think they like to pull to begin with i thought it's a good poll it's good poll and cut it to kill the day maybe some people got some good suggestions there and went then had some good chow over the weekend at some of those great places like the big cheese or maybe some of this crowd went to chuckie cheese that sounds like right up there alley let's all go for lunch to chuckie cheese oh right yeah they got beer by the way did anybody come in and tell us who's doing two to four today or we still work on it no idiot's boy don't hand them a heavy assignment man that's what clearance told me don't have me anything heavy that's why sticks with the beast he's heavy 19 before they were look at this the fifth most popular restaurant in all of a sudden for the pizza loft is back because i'm in town briefly what i know what you're laughing about and don't let him in here anymore either he's never coming in here again the one only pizza loft no BS coupons like the other joists because pizza loft every Thursday arv is a special way by any entree and the second one is only half price that's every Thursday airbie to the tomorrow you buy one i've planned dinner it's second one's only five bucks again don't need any special coupon no song in advance and every money like today you buy one lasagna dinner in a second one is only five bucks and guess what you got it guess it again no coupon necessary it says hold the poop on and the coupon and of course the formula for success at the pizza loft is it's consistently delicious there was give you gigantic portions everything is called fresh it's the only restaurant in the country with no microwave do you believe that that's what it says that must be true does that mean in the county or in the country no microwave everything is either baked or sauteed i think that's a lie but anyway what the only restaurant in the country with no microwave maybe it means county it says country right here in skipie he don't make mistakes and of course it's almost 200 seats at the law soon i have to wait on the weekends fried your Saturday stand on those long lines like most braward joints they deliver the same full menu right to your door from west of flamingo and north of sunrise south of pine's bullvard east to four forty one and of course what would be nice in this copy which i already know it would be the location that they're in the given idea there are university drive between Griffin and five ninety five and a pizza one up at pizza law plaza and they peer one plaza right beyond peer one imports whatever well i noticed the other one in the plantations got another name now there ain't nobody in it private rooms available catering for homerochids is a little five bucks per person it's still great it's still fantastic obviously be loved by all out there they're elected yet gunjews ponytail call nine five four nine one six eighty eight eighty four takeout or liberty for the world famous pizza loft in Davy my my my the law this is for 25 sixty is the hot new game at sweeping the country jihang jinga it's the Iraqi stacking game that lets you pile up the points by piling up the prisoners and it's really fun because they're making just fly to the sea i put the bottom and toss him on top careful if you pull on the wrong part you'll be sorry and so will he the last one to stack an Iraqi without making the bush administration collapse is the winner jihang jinga a built-in badly game and if you like jihang jinga try to decree twister the game that ties the right he's not a lot i'm listening at forty six at five sixty-one congratulations to your mom what do you got all you just in here grabbing stuff again right grab this anyway here's our poll question today what movie had the greatest impact on you want to know why i'm asking why are you asking while telling in a minute before we do that uh the Michael Moore movie is coming out and i had a story out of here somewhere but i guess I'm gonna find it in the middle of my pile fair and height nine eleven where does it it's in here somewhere it's in my pile make no mistake about it anyway and that that inspired me to ask uh this question i think we've done it before right this or maybe not not like this no well there you go not like this maybe we didn't like very fairly close but not like this what movie had the greatest impact on you i started with three okay not what several movies had the greatest impact on you know what you can live not what move how many movies can you name oh i know a good one and here's another and this one is pretty good too i give us a list of every movie that was ever made and maybe we might be humor you and put it on there i still can't find that damn thing about the fair and height nine eleven of Michael Moore threats in here somewhere it's in my gigantic pile anyway i put on volume for column buying network and godfather now i'm gonna put on godfather because uh obviously it's the whole saga right got it we got it i don't want to stare with this well what about the godfather two and what about godfather three had a big impact on you like wallet unfortunately much too uh materially to the movie yeah and Mary that should have again okay just to make sure that bitch buy it her Sophia copula she couldn't act a way to a paper sack in fact the paper sack should be on top of her head let movie really blew by the way no it did not do the rules uh lost in translation that she's supposedly all one of these all one i see what they were raving about no or well that's because they feel sorry for which he's got that enormous honker okay that was and they feel sorry bad it could have been plus she's got her name ends in a vowel see so he has got the proper vowel movement so she was bad in godfather three she must be great in lost in translation or just like lost in space which is where she ought to be she came back she can't sing she can't dance she's grow test looking other than that she's dynamite as right the dynamite's concern honey anyway bridge it no nealson the no relation to Leslie nealson that we know it no and he's Canadian she's Danish okay she's Danish she's Danish she was born July 15th 63 so she's like 40 almost 41 in a row of Denmark there were been in Denmark no i just came back from Copenhagen and anybody who says Copenhagen like bill what's in there in the morning there runs a bill hammer on CNN get with it okay only go ahead and say that Copenhagen it's Copenhagen you've cycled in he's on all around the world doing the nose you don't even know how to pronounce Copenhagen bill hammer who the hell is she kidding anyway bridge it nealson she's on there she's an activist model presenter singer all of these things sometimes credit is as get stilo nealson or get jit in the elson something like that dodge ball is summer her 8000 movie she was in a 200 dog story doomsdayer hostile environment like this place that's perfect movie for this place hostile environment she's too tall pop out the invite away let me say it again guilty jioro don't watch on you show okay just in case you missed it earlier how many do an hour on that no jioro jodin had two big hours in area five three and eight o'clock hour another five three in an eye to clock hour that's a big number in air in the morning and can all the book and will only go higher because two thirds of that book who you know who was on the air the real Howard not the one we got not the make believe Howard stern was on it and I don't need to see him anymore on CNN I'm the Nazi news network did you see that thing no it's a short time so weekend between a him and al a miss Morris said with her phony pasties no like oh I saw pictures of pollen rod on channel 10 this morning oh god and you still showed up for work holy cow he must be desolate super wow I saw those pictures I'd be a pooper not a trooper I'll tell you that right now that man come telling evidence paparazzi phantagued oh five whatever it had is a TV movie snowboard academy galaxis codename silencer chain he chosen a few moonlight by domino by bi-baby Beverly Hills cop two cobra rocky four etc you know there's a man behind the curtain that you do that right what did they were married that this is so vusters alone for one her yeah oh how pathetic and in his case we don't have to inject your about what it was what the attraction was because everybody's already seen that movie okay I mean cool there's been in butterflies are free or butterflies are me something like that for sliced alone man he's just tragic can he act no does he look good no is the well and doubt no tragic he can nothing go for me's a multimedia near and don't be talking bad about him because mama lives down in here absolutely yeah mama lives down here what does her name jackie jackie still on another one another great talent crackpot careful now I'll just talk about drugs I'm not gonna get out of here anyway early Jesus Christ just come tone it down a couple of notches or muffin clearance are both gonna come running in here and drag you out with a hook that's after they tell us who's gonna be on between two and four I in fact when the guy comes with the needle at 1130 don't let him go I got some I know I got some other suggestions where he can take that needle back though right into muck's the orifice would be a good place to start and then finish off with clearance boy boy what a place I think I finally got this is just another I got these almost all the way off yeah you're right when we started it was fine and somebody did a little bit stuff in there again and this twisting it's that robber greeper he's got to have make it pictures of everybody in his building because what a see him because he is totally inept he's nothing but trouble he doesn't he goes out of his way to make everything technically a joke he was sitting in there I do or was he off today that no he was in there when for well was on here a lot right sure so how come he's still here those pictures he were talking that that must be it how come he didn't get his aspired have speared for us yeah robber greeper man this is one of those people must have the goods on Greg read I'll tell you that of course everybody's got the goods you know screw in the water not see they all got to go even Gary Sarner that's why he's still here it's your can't because of the job he's doing the sales department priest confesses the sex abuse a former Catholic priest extradited from Britain to New Zealander phase charges of sexually abusing teenage boys admitted his crimes in court in a Wellington today not Wellington Florida but over there down there Allen oh I can't see this careful Allen woodcock 56 formerly of upper hut admitted to indecently assaulting boys in the lower north island towns of Silverstream and Palmerston north between 80 to 85 while working as a teacher hey teach Hey Mr Woodcock police said he had lived in England since the late that's his name okay that's his damn name he's one of those down under people Police said he had lived in England since the late 80s before I court ordered him to return to New Zealand for trial the head of the teaching order father Dennis O'Hagan he's probably kind of Tom Hagan set outside the court that the church authorities knew Woodcock had a convict for committing sexual in these days with an adult male before his place in a teaching position or I wonder what position that was he was placed in a teaching position it was a very bad mistake but expert advice was that he wouldn't be a threat to people O'Hagan said he also apologized to the boys with foul complaints with church authorities at the time but had been ignored the judge ordered that Woodcock be kept in jail till he sentenced on June 25 yeah those silly people down under man oh at a good story an important story that we had on our website which nobody's been believed but it's from Provde Provde you know means truth and Russian nocia it says Peter have lots of rights could Nicholas Bergseky execution be fake are you seen it did you watch it I didn't see we have it we have a bit of a watch it I've talked to people of watch it and they said it's not very compelling there's just a lot of holes in the story anyway I think what we'll do is do the break and then I'll read this when we come back because I don't want to do one of those rush shots plus we want to get thousands of great calls on here today like this one online six of which is great QAM joking what did I tell you 60 minutes of my boat wait it's new and it's at Burger King godfather trilogy action figures they're fun for the whole family collect all 10 mob action figures with each whopper fries and super live strength and that's a super large drink no exceptions get sunny in his favorite garbage can so you can beat the crap out of Carlo after he punches out sunny sister or get the bullet riddle body of sunny after he gets it at the jersey cold boot wow is it that great and press all your friends with the dawn himself I'll make him an offer he can't refuse so start organizing your neighborhood now and get the godfather action figures remember it's only business and it's at Burger King if it's at Burger King one thing to keep in mind don't eat it here's a couple for the full star wars now are you putting these on or what yes is best like as I can what do you mean by that what I'll see do me so talking to try to make it on this computer thing is what it's all about oh or you mean they have a bunch of that new computer that they lie through their teeth about said that they're bringing replacing all these computers and putting brando computers in there and they're just going to sit around waiting see if I'm going to buy new one for in there where she is though now I've I spent enough of my money already out equipment that's a beastly should have bought in paid for the excesses get that on their right away okay yeah that that should have come to my mind why not didn't it that had one hell of an effect father you're helping all the boy I'm a Catholic that's a power of Christ to tell you the power of Christ to tell you father marron he was okay in my book and we're father marron with a briefcase sure I like when he was standing on that mountain top over there and the desert how can there be a mountain top in the desert but he was standing on a mountain top yeah and there was that evil demon on the other side that evil spirit pazzuzu how big you're pardon bless you thank you star wars you got that star wars yes a sister is a couple more we'll get a whole bunch of money here but we're taking our time okay we've got bigger fish to fry than a bunch of stupid movie titles today right fish bigger fish to fry we got that guy coming and take my blood test and then all day tomorrow I'm gonna be just oh brother I want my money back and I want to refund oh this stuff comes back so fast right right snake oil salesman okay aka stockbrokers same difference you all belong in jail behind bars you two Ted David how can many first names you got Peter have lasso and probdas says given the incomprehensible jungle of information the very first question when viewing this video of an American civilian and burg's execution should be whether it is even true there appear to be a few problems with it casting doubt on its authenticity if these questions are answered one should be wary of the entire matter and be advised not to get into the patriotic blindness brought on by the emotional charge and this video packs all of this room consider these inconsistencies with a video before making up your mind number one the CIA claims its exam in the video included that the hood of figures are Kawaii a high level al-Qaeda operative however anyone who has seen the video will attest to the fact that there's no way to identify anyone from it including the victim second according to a US military report April 3rd Tsar Kawai was killed in the bombing of Faluga the CIA does not elaborate whether Tsar Kawai is magically sprung back to life whether the April report was wrong kind like a chemical alim a we kill them a whole bunch of times right two the US media claim that Tsar Kawai lost a leg in 2001 now it says that he did not lose his leg after all this flipflops seemed to coincidental is the purported figure in the video doesn't appear handicapped the US doesn't elaborate on which intelligence is wrong 3 the US media says the audio that Nberg was executed in retaliation to the US prison abuse the reaction to the media was far too quick it moved straight to using it to make a comparison between prison immigration and beastly killing saying that the shot public look we only humiliated them in the prison look what these animals do to us it was quick to pull in out that what the terrorist do to Americans as far worse than what the US is doing to Iraqis is if we didn't already know about 9-11 oh there a bunch of our variants on oschmet there are several problems with this first there have been no one reported that's in the US prison's caught by severe beatings so comparing humiliation to death is the wrong comparison second the tortures that abuses have gone on for over a year if al-Qaeda were the business of avenging prison abuse of already done and probably on several occasions otherwise it means that al-Qaeda gets to information from CNN or that it just happened to be a coincidence matching obbo grave prison pictures with this video it's very unlikely that al-Qaeda would and could engage in a synchronized US media play the timing of the video release a media attempts to whip up an anti-islamic frenzy suggests a media ruse time perfectly to deflect a mounting outrage and condemnation of the US military four the voice on a video says that an offer was made to the US military to exchange and burg for some of the prisoners in obbo grave the US is not common on this five the burg's claim there's some was detained by the US and our blaming their son's death on the US military but the US said that in burg was never detained instead was offered a free plane ride from Iraq it does have ever seemed that in order to offer a plane ticket the US military must had some daily with in burg in any case he disappeared when in US custody yeah how if they never had him in custody how could they have offered him a free trip shut up how could they made them an offer he couldn't refuse yeah and six the victim in the video is wearing an orange prison jumpsuit the kind seen in pictures of guantanamo inmates it's hard to believe that al-Qaeda terrorists would be supplying their victims a regulation outfit none of the recently kidnapped hostages in Iraq japanies in a titan or any uniform outfits whatsoever seven a human head contains one and a half gallons of blood yet the firstly decapitated hit shown in the video is leaking none neck artery was scored a footlong geyser of blood there's no evidence of that either only one answer lends itself here the video was doctored either a portion was clipped out of the be hitting never took place in shone with the possibility of the victim being already dead eight the victim never resisted the killing even when on the ground only one person suffice to completely subdue and burg the article aims at proving a religion nothing the point is to broke to provoked out and hopefully stay off a few readers from becoming easy emotional target and a news puppet it says and at somebody fax me article from prison planet from info wars dot com which is fine about the same topic the only problem being at the half of the shop dot including in some very important parts it says remember two years ago the fact the fact been law in the blurry video telling us that the carried out nine love in the word is missing it's at the other the fact been law the government later a minute it was a fake but wouldn't say created it lots of lies lots of fake red do not believe your government do not believe your general manager do not believe yourselves department that's for damn sure okay whatever you do if you work in this business or nobody who's ever been in this business do not believe yourselves department because they're all full of crap believe me yeah go to buffalo kick it out of my face you make me nauseous nobody doing any more ambushes in here either you idiot fat boy brother who's that that said another ambush who said at this morning when he came in here with a client me you said that yeah who'd you say that to you nobody said to somebody of the clearance possible yeah what's clear it's by the way who's still our program director hasn't bothered telling us who's going to be on between two and four this entire qm audience i mean anticipating that big must win game for the heat against uh... in the inapolis in the end whatever he'll are the most and uh... the marlins win in that came yesterday's finally subject in that same with series all of these things going on not to mention touchy feely the quarterback and there are anticipating somebody's going to be on a two to fill a mad dog shoes which is no easy test they'd like to know who it's going to be so they can adjust himself psychologically you know right maybe it's embarrassing oh you mean the big all's going to be on or maybe even worse that would be embarrassing i mean kimba bokeh and all i agree on here but he's not embarrassing you don't say somebody that big is embarrassed no oh don't he'll come barrel in here just not made the third grade to that freaking wall they're going to build a lot of all on it's forty five hundred and extra on it oh fcc upholds indiesians he finds against k and dd cnl famer gets twelve thousand dollar penalty for savage talk that's not Michael savage unfortunately the commission is not an appeal from edder condo as the fcc to be sent a twelve thousand dollar fine handed to alternative radio k and dd one oh seven point seventy end the end the end rectum in c-ettle for the eric who's going to be on between two and four you blockhead Curtis oh that's okay Curtis is good he's your better than a bow i'm sorry well no he's better on here than bow you didn't admit that well you listen to this portrait of uh wooden artist sounds like you know a little more articulate anyway for the ering of material uh deemed in decent during morning drive and particularly the commission penalized the end for two separate two thousand one broadcast of the Andy savage show which no longer airs on the station on each of the day side at savage in his morning show team discussed whether and how a penis could be used to or to lift or pull objects the discussion led savage pictured and boy what a porker what a he looks like oh vintage tampon on the animal it led savage to work concert tickets the listeners who agreed to a pair in studio to pull objects with their penises enter come unsuccessfully argue that the on air material did not make the fcc's indecency definition and that the definition itself was unconstitutional savage departed k and dd lights at ten or two thousand three has been doing mornings at infinity's crossed-down classic alternative k-r-q-i since April one no fooling of the needle guys here good the needle please Watson so the guy's gonna come in here take a couple of gallons of blood so I'll place him really long bit like maybe the I have no right the uh pull song by dentist but I guess not that'll teach that clearance of thing or two when we play the pull song by dentist Larry over and over again okay we'll get to the pool now just relax what moving had the greatest impact on you ever fifty six votes the godfather twenty four bowling for colombine twenty network six star wars five the excess is one well thank goodness we got a nice lady coming here take my blood because I can tell right off the boat for bush share it no way share it's not voting for bush no way see she's laughing but she knows she's voting for carry because she said bush is scary that's what I heard her say trust me anyway oh so we're gonna one and in fact this is gonna be just like that execution video right the bush like it blows it may spurt up an ear here all the watch your eyes don't mess with my veins now Sharon believe me I got very tender veins do a real I know I like I've done this a million times I'm not one of those real you know oh gee I'm not a queezie it all mother no not me why are you no no are you kidding me I mean I've been prick more times than a pincush I'm married I see well in that case 11 past 11 at five sixty wqm you know room is where it's at it's not just your ordinary tv it's high definition tv delivered by a satellite dish and hd receiver the picture is so superior to regular tv won't believe it the quality is like comparing the latest dvd to a scratchy old early kinescope boom is the only entertainment system designed for high definition tv it's got the most hd tv anywhere provides all the equipment necessary to enjoy the ultimate hd tv experience including the satellite dish hd receiver and the remote as well of course and boom is got over 30 channels of hd programming you can watch ESPN high definition that's three times more than you get from cable and they've got all your other favorite channels like hd o m tv even those local local channels too boom is got over 120 channels of great entertainment waiting for you boom even has exclusive channels of hd movies music and sports that you can't even get from your satellite or cable so with boom you get everything you have now plus all these awesome new high definition channels too so make your set worthwhile call boom today at one eight six six eight four eight eight six or visit m on the way for a little bit of time offered boom.com free installation no upfront cost no long-term commitment as part of this great deal call them today and start booming right away because the offer ends May 31 call 1 8 6 8 48 86 66 run away with boom dot com channel if this every bout will start hey should just chicken now who same put the To back down town, low to the ground, who's saying He just flies full of flies, oh, he dies Who's saying? I will ask you can kiss you on a inspect this who's saying If we had a boat your mother looks like gold who's saying He just flies full of flies, oh, he dies Who's saying? He's insane He's insane We're on a set in love, you know that we have one who's saying Because we have the night to destroy our right who's saying He just flies, he likes guys, he retires Who's saying? Don't you try and deny, say bye bye Who's saying? Who's saying? Who's saying? Who's saying? Who's saying? Who's saying? Who's saying? Who's saying? Who's saying? Who's saying? Who's saying? Who's saying? Who's saying? Who's saying? Who's saying? Who's saying? Who's saying? Who's saying? Who's saying? Who's saying? Who's saying? Who's saying? Who's saying? Who's saying? Who's saying? Who's saying? Who's saying? Who's saying? Who's saying? Who's saying? Who's saying? Who's saying? Who's saying? Who's saying? Who's saying? Who's saying? Who's saying? Who's saying? Who's saying? Who's saying? Who's saying? Who's saying? Who's saying? Who's saying? Who's saying? Who's saying? Who's saying? Who's saying? Who's saying? Who's saying? Who's saying? Who's saying? Who's saying? Who's saying? Who's saying? Who's saying? Who's saying? Who's saying? Who's saying? Who's saying? Who's saying? Who's saying? Who's saying? Who's saying? Who's saying? Who's saying? Who's saying? Who's saying? Who's saying? Who's saying? Who's saying? Who's saying? Who's saying? Who's saying? Who's saying? Who's saying? Who's saying? Who's saying? Who's saying? Who's saying? Who's saying? Who's saying? Who's saying? Who's saying? Who's saying? Who's saying? Who's saying? Who's saying? Who's saying? Who's saying? Who's saying? Who's saying? Who's saying? Who's saying? Who's saying? Who's saying? Who's saying? Who's saying? Who's saying? Who's saying? Who's saying? Who's saying? Who's saying? Who's saying? Who's saying? Who's saying? Who's saying? Who's saying? Who's saying? Who's saying? Now if they say. How many? Warsaw? That's not a tradition? That right. It's doing nice. N packet. Having a word. Vinegar. The plan is now probably but it's a bloodthinner for your heart. Yeah, so I don't have a whole series of strokes anymore when I come in this place. I have to do a show like, oh, the other layer like this. Two stroke engine is plenty. Right. Godfather 39, bowling for columnbines God. God, what movie had the greatest impact on you? I like this pool and again, 3551 is coming. I know I had that story here. Of course, I was being bothered by so many people in here. Oh, Neil, welcome back. Okay. See, and they think I'm being a bastard. I just had a lot as you know, I have a lot of stuff to take care of. Okay, and a very short period of time. And they keep coming in here like, are we going to see them? I don't want them. They probably don't want to see me, they're, you know, don't feel bad if you don't come in. Tough? I mean, all of these people. Oh, gee, it's so great to see. And oh, it's not. No, it's not on the same fat slide that I was before. Okay, there's nothing new, nothing different. I got the same, I got nice haircut though. It's very dapper. Nice shirt. Nice shirt. I marked that down on your calendar. Your church had an eye shirt on today. I do have an eye shirt on. Let me roll with it. God, hemorrhides a little bit, but that's, you know, life is a pain in the ass. 26 past 11 at 5, 60, W to Q, I am. That was, that was a great find that you just had will calm those people again. That, uh, my insurance lady referred me to them. Thanks to your insurance lady, what's your name? My insurance lady Debbie. Thanks Debbie. Been with them for years. Excellent. All state. I prefer a state farm myself. They've been very kind to me, but let's spread it around. You're in good hands with, uh, state. Oh, far. 26 after 11 at 5, 60, they've also thanks to my good close friend. All of his out of town today can can help her over at the nationwide limos. He didn't come, which is why God said, great service. Yes, didn't pick me up at the airport yesterday morning. Victor was that his name Vincent Vincent. Or was a Victor. I think it was Vincent. And anyway, he was a good guy. We got about halfway to the house and he finally shut up. And it was great. No, he, I walked out the door and he was right there and at limo waiting for me. How can you have better service than that? He had just pulled up. I walked through those doors at MIA and there he was. Just like that door open right now. Look, close it real fast and see if like blood spreads out of that. We're going to do a test here at QAM since blood is what it's all about. We're going to, we're going to see just how much blood spreads out when we decantitate our program director, Clarence. It would be great. Let's take a video of it. Put it on our website. When it that watches spread out. Now back in the day, of course, but we can't see enough. And I was like seven after 11 at QAM is your company suffering from regulations and increased labor costs. Let Oasis outsourcing help you. Everyone comes to the people side of your business. Pay World Administration Fortune 500 company employee benefits, human resource services and risk management are just a few of the services that Oasis outsourcing can cover to help your business be more profitable. Call Oasis outsourcing today for a free of aduation at 1-866 at Oasis. That's 1-866-286-2747. With more than 60,000 employees worldwide, Oasis outsourcing understands the many facets of human resource management. Autroscings being recognized by firms both large and small as the powerful management choice which lets you focus on your core business while leaving the operational details to our friends at Oasis outsourcing. Let Oasis outsourcing make your business more profitable for a free of aduation call on tool-free, 1-866 at Oasis. That's 1-866-286-2747 for Oasis outsourcing. That's 1-866-2747. That's 1-866-2747 for Oasis outsourcing. That's 1-866-2747 for Oasis outsourcing. That's 1-866-2747 for Oasis outsourcing. That's 1-866-2747 for Oasis outsourcing. That's 1-866-2747 for Oasis outsourcing. That's 1-866-2747 for Oasis outsourcing. That's 1-866-2747 for Oasis outsourcing. That's 1-866-2747 for Oasis outsourcing. That's 1-866-2747 for Oasis outsourcing. That's 1-866-2747 for Oasis outsourcing. That's 1-866-2747 for Oasis outsourcing. That's 1-866-2747 for Oasis outsourcing. That's 1-866-2747 for Oasis outsourcing. That's 1-866-2747 for Oasis outsourcing. That's 1-866-2747 for Oasis outsourcing. That's 1-866-2747 for Oasis outsourcing. That's 1-866-2747 for Oasis outsourcing. That's 1-866-2747 for Oasis outsourcing. That's 1-866-2747 for Oasis outsourcing. That's 1-866-2747 for Oasis outsourcing. That's 1-866-2747 for Oasis outsourcing. That's 1-866-2747 for Oasis outsourcing. That's 1-866-2747 for Oasis outsourcing. That's 1-866-2747 for Oasis outsourcing. That's 1-866-2747 for Oasis outsourcing. That's 1-866-2747 for Oasis outsourcing. That's 1-866-2747 for Oasis outsourcing. That's 1-866-2747 for Oasis outsourcing. That's 1-866-2747 for Oasis outsourcing. That's 1-866-2747 for Oasis outsourcing. That's 1-866-2747 for Oasis outsourcing. That's 1-866-2747 for Oasis outsourcing. That's 1-866-2747 for Oasis outsourcing. That's 1-866-2747 for Oasis outsourcing. That's 1-866-2747 for Oasis outsourcing. That's 1-866-2747 for Oasis outsourcing. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's why I'm introducing my new series of high intensity workout videos. What's Chinese eyes to the oldies? That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right.