Today's the day, maybe. He's dating. Make one. Peter. Peter. Yeah, really? Peter. Are you done? I'm all right, darling. Are you? I've got that many fire. I've got that many fire. Why'd you get fired? You have the critical. Oh, it's still man. Oh, it's still man. The fuck? Why does many crank called the station? What is his problem? Bill's the cause and Monica's. She lets out a gigo. When he makes it way go, Monica is not the kind you can do in the, but a cigar in her. He's all mine. Where he don't know where to stoke, he goes. I can see how there was some confusion between humans or and human. And then I can saw the term cedar. Saw her naked. It's cause, reportedly, to go in blind. That place and he was working hard. Late nights in the ovary office. Working on a practical joke. It took a mac and noodle. Put an explode in. Loaded for Monica with low and rings a smoke. Bill's the cause and Monica's. She lets out a gigo. Every time he makes it way go, Monica is not the kind you can do in the, but a cigar in her. He don't mind. All people feel that Hillary's been made of full of fire husbands. Feel that Hillary was wrong. Up in the linking bedroom, she was moaning. More and out, more was doing her with bills all gone. Bill's the cause and Monica's. She lets out a gigo. Every break and time he makes it way go. Monica is not the kind you can do in the, but a cigar in her. She don't mind. All can be a cigarette. A master is faster. Oh yeah. What you gotta do is take a tip of it all. I swear. Oh yeah. Man, I'm gonna say that's one of the great masterpieces in history, if I say so, my son. Nice job. Yeah, I give myself a little pat on a back if I weren't so fat and old, but anyway. Before at 5.60 WQAM, she eyes attacked again in fulloja today. Got a guess on the heels of that grotesque stuff yesterday. That was so reminiscent of Movidisha where they were hanging bodies and dragging a body's and mutilating and just going crazy. In surges attacked the US military convoy and a humvee was burned today near fulloja. And they after the grizzly killing and mutilation of former American contractors in the city. It wasn't clear if everybody casualties in the assault yet and they're showing the pictures of the burning vehicle and the audio. There you go. The insanity continues. I got some exciting news here in a minute. And then of course we got the ratings at 11.30. Oh, TV announcer. This is the bad news. TV announcer Archeens dies at 74. You don't remember Archeens? No guy. He was in an answer on a host of four dozen gay TV games shows over three decades including concentration and family few challenge. He died. He was 74. He are James. He died. James who lived in the Chaska, California. What? Did Sunday and Palm Springs his former wife, Sandra Petan said that Wednesday. Pete and also of Chaska, Chaska in California in Minnesota because this article is as many apples as well. He was stricken by a sudden illness and because the death wasn't known. He just stricken by a sudden illness and died. James worked as an announcer on concentration which ran for 58 to 73. Was NBC's longest running game show. And there you go. Archeens. What? I guess you don't know who that was. Who? That's bad. You know who that idiot is? Who's still alive from jeopardy? Alex for Canadian? No, the first jeopardy. That goofball. What was his name? Lyndon Leruch. The first host on jeopardy. Come on. Not long before Alex Trabique. Jackpar. That goofy. That guy that we had a personality of Al Gore anyway. That'll come to me. Now let's see a couple of things. Where do we start today? Boy, this is a heavy duty day. Donate money. Let's start with donating money to our cause to. Let's see. Let me go to the homepage. Now that I rebooted my computer 45 times to get this all straight now. Like, they're Eric today. Eric's going to be an intensive care. Stop FCC dot US. That's our the old to raise money so that we can help stop FCC dot com. You following all this and if not well too bad. I'll go on. Let me forget to talk a little bit about the the goddess also because. Wow. We'll talk about needing a little bit of work. And you people at South Florida stop calling Randy Rhodes on that. I am America. Do we're a favor? Do the world of favor. I'm just including John and Lake worth an audio of this. I listen to a little bit of that. Yes, they wanted to cry. Oh, God. Anyway, you can click on there's the thing and then it works. Oh, thank God it works. It works. I did it. I put in the first 900 bucks. I'll put another R.9. I believe you don't donate from two to a thousand dollars. Anything in between on your credit card. So just go to newrogers dot com. And just click on where it says. Give us your money. Where it says stop FCC dot US. I'll stop FCC dot com the first banner that you know what that is. If you don't know what you're on touch. But it's the verb one. It says what's new right under that stop FCC dot US. And then click it out. Works like a charm. I'm going to Eric. And then donate some cash. So it can raise that 30 grand or more. I mean, that would be good start. We'd like to put more than one newspaper right in for stop FCC dot com. And I've got some new stuff on that today, which is going to make you really realize how important that is. I hope. But anyway. Here's yesterday's poll result. They hated this poll. But that's what goes to can all be great. 1635 votes nevertheless. If you could be any famous living person for one year, who would it be? You have to have 313. Bill Gates 202. Tiger was 140. Brad Pitt 86. Tom Brady 79. Johnny Depp 76. Bill Clinton 69. Neil Roger 67. Bill God. Peter North 63. I beat out Peter North. I'd like that. Well, Brittany Spears 53. Alex Rodriguez 51. Donald Trump 47. Ron Jeremy 37. You see finally the key roast of the top. Peter North passed Ron Jeremy. Like it was standing still. Don't say a word. Please. Jack Nicholson 36. Mark Cuban 36. George W. 29. Tommy Lee 28. Michael Douglas 24. And I'm not going to read them all. It's a point. Although William hung out eight. Diddy. Oh, no. I'll say a word. I'm not. Just take it. Now first. I think I'm going to start with this. This is I just discovered this. It's a great article. Tom pain.com. Sorry to burden you with so much crap all in one day or because Eric worked all through the night feverishly to get that other thing up for us. Or we can collect this money. But this is I think we struck the mother load as the saying goes. In Tom pain.com today an article by John Bonafay's who's an attorney in Boston and author of the Warrior King the case from peaching George W. Bush. And Bob Furtick is the co-founder of Democrats.com. Independent community of Democratic activists. They wrote this in peachable offenses. And there's a website you can go to. If you want to sign since everybody sign in petitions these days. Or at least some people are those who care enough. Those who are alert and awakened to discuss about what's going on in the world and all the lies and the BS. And also on top of this I got a great article by Robin right at the Washington Post. The top focus before 9.11 was not on terrorism. And this is about a speech that kind of leaves a rice was going to give a 9.11. To outline a Bush administration policy that would It didn't focus on terrorism. It was on all kinds of other stuff. Even on 9.11 itself. So that lie in bitch has got to testify probably next week. She's got a lot of spainer to do outside of that. Should I do the break right now because we got these long breaks to them. And then I can get to this. I don't know if we actually have a beating curtain person. And I'm not going to get all been out of shape if we do. We don't because it'll be a barbara. Barbara when it happens. It'll be barbara. You still go there and issues there right there. There's going Eric Man, you're a genius. Look at that. I did barbara career. I'm not going to do a bio thing. I don't have time with them. There's been a lot of things including a James Bond movie that everybody knows. There you go. So barbara careers there behind the beaded curtain. If you're the age 85. If you got 17 different pieces of ID. If you never stole a freight train. If you got 14 letters from all your relatives and people who met on the street. Saying that you're not going to do anything and touch yourself. Then take a look at barbara. Otherwise, we'll just give you a picture of Miguel Cabrera with a uniform on. How's that? You. What is uniform on? I said whatever. Okay. I don't know what he looks like. How does he look like Josh? A guy. A big Spanish guy. Big Spanish guy. Who uses Spanish fly? Anyway, I don't think he needs Spanish fly. Anyway, it's 11 past 10. I will get to that article about impeachable offenses and that link that website. All of these things, man. It's pretty. All of these things. Pretty a friend of Confiris. Anyway, again, back to that thing about Randy. I did. I don't want to like rip her after just the first day. I did listen a little bit online. And somebody's got to convey to that girl at the first of all. Nobody knows who she is. That's why nobody's promoting her because nobody knows who she is. They know Gina and Gina Grafalo. They know Al Franken. So rather than belly ache about. Yeah, how come I'm not in those ads. And I talk about rather than do that. And that Jaffee routine, like you're talking about a bunch of people in cemetery village. You got the national form you've been quenching about for quite an out loud. Go girl, go girl, do your thing. Okay. And John from Lake Worthon, all you other well-meaning but pathetic people in Palm Beach County. Stop calling the goddess on whatever she's on out of your America. God. That was so sad. It was just made me want to cry. And did anybody mention it with all the other BSR. I heard in a couple of those calls that anybody mentioned. Stop FCC.com. Oh, because if they did, there sure is how wasn't any response that I saw. But anyway. Whew. 12 minutes after 10 at 5.60 WQM. If you're in a dead end job. If you're underpaid overworked, if your life is like moving nowhere. If you just fear moving and lie on your treadmill. Here's the answer for you. Make a call that could really change your life big time. Get you a real career with some training. And then get you a big paycheck that goes along with knowing something. Call fast train today at 1-866 fast train. They can have you trained in certified for a new high pain computer network professional career. And as it will time is just four short months. It's true. You can be fully trained already for that new career in just four short months. Fast train offers day evening weekend classes to put around your schedule. Fast train offers job placement as systems and financial aid of people to qualify to. Fast train's got seven convenient locations to service and don't wait. Get off your ass right now. Check them out on the web if you like it. Fast train.com. And then make that call that can give your real new high pain career and change your life for the better. Call them today and sum that Todd Drek. The anxious, the unacceptable, the subhuman Todd Drek. Call one eight six six fast train. The fight and the whole. It's just for training in five six. Two a.m. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. It's a through digital. Yep. I do. Yeah. Yes. We don't wish for this. It's a to. No idea. Hi. Why. With a. That's 325 Republic for 13560 which is one of the most gutless organizations in the world, by the way, much as Spinalist Jellyfish who always penned over and laid on and won the FCC says, jump, they say, how high, please. The NABs and Dsensi Summit yesterday featuring the usual suspects of politicians, FCC commissioners, and, of course, radio and TV executives was held behind closed doors, ostensibly to promote a frank exchange of ideas without the media posturing. Yet the comments of several of those who attended the meeting made one thing very, very clear. Those who are leading the indesensi crackdown are not willing to compromise. Their drunk with the momentum of the moment and plain and simply want censorship, once outside the meeting, FCC commissioner Michael Copsco reporters that the FCC should start looking into broadcast advertising and TV soap operas. Express the surprise that the goings on of such fear plot lines have been used nonstop for at least 30 years. Not third man! Representative Bart Stupac, Democrat of Michigan once the pending indesensi bills to include a crackdown on cable and satellite TV, TOTIA. Senator Sam Brownback, a real Nazi, doesn't think ratings in VCHIP technology are enough to curb indesensi, rather than warning people that the river is polluted, why not take the pollution out he said. Music biz adds in that light, maybe bookburning can up safe fuel consumption in the winter too. I like that music biz.com. Thanks, Muff. Muff is real nervous because those ratings are coming out 1130. What's to be nervous about? I think there'll be- I don't really- I'm oblivious. I've been to that too many times that we have bigger fish to fry. Whatever they're going to be, they're going to be. Let's hope it'll be fine. Okay. What is the russurat? Right. Now, in Peechable Offences, this is from TomPain.com. This is just- this is so overdue. Remember I've been screaming all these months where the impeachment proceedings weren't they grown on yet? Yes, you've been a streamer. As an adjorge W. Bush whose own election was dubious has seized monarchy old powers and sending this nation into war without any legitimate congressional declaration of war or equivalent congressional action. His line to the US Congress and the American people about the rationale for the war, he's imprisoned American citizens without charges and denied the mages to lawyers and the courts, is thus trampled on the US Constitution and is violated the Xoth of Office. The nation is at a crossroads. These are not simply issues to be debated in presidential election. These are high crimes in the most profound meaning of the phrase they require the most serious and legal responses. Our Constitution lays out a specific process for addressing high crimes committed by a present impeachment. The time has come for Congress to investigate these crimes and begin impeachment proceedings are loyal due to our Constitution requires nothing less. Marches like those held on March 20, 2004 which drew hundreds of thousands of protesters are important, but they're not enough. Christians like those initiated by move on.organits allies calling for a censure of the present are important but they're not enough. Photo mobilization campaigns focused on defeating George W. Bush on election day are important but they're not enough. impeachment is essential because George W. Bush should be labeled for who he is, a president who's gone beyond the bounds of the Constitution with defied the rule of law and who therefore deserves the ultimate constitutional punishment. Former President Bill Clinton was impeached and charges a purgvy and obstruction of justice, but no one died as he resubbed the monoclewinski affair. President Bush has sent this nation into an illegal war based on lies, resulting in the death thus far of nearly 600 U.S. soldiers and thousands of Iraqis' evidians. This war has no end in sight and officials won that U.S. troops could be there fighting and dying for 10 years or more. Where's the political accountability? Where's the constitutional consistency? Where are the voices of our nation's leaders calling for the investigation of impeachable offenses? If we believe in the Constitution and its timeless vision of democracy, we must now stand up in call for impeachment. History will judge us for how we responded when we faced the war faced with the present who would be king. Did we rely on the badly flawed election process to set us free? Or did we demand as the Constitution provides to removal of that present from power? Did we speak the truth and charge that President with the highest of crimes? Some will argue that we're too close to an election to make the call for impeachment, but we can't afford to provide immunity for presidential high crimes so long as they're committed or fully revealed close to an election cycle. We must hold a present accountable for high crimes at any point in his or her term. Moreover, we foolished with assume that the 2004 election will be a fair one, millions of Americans still believe George W. Bush stole the 2000 election thanks to the Supreme Court's controversial unpartisan 5-4 decision which threw out 175,000 Florida votes that had never been counted. None of the documented crimes of 2000 including the deliberate disenfranchisement of tens of thousands of voters through a fraudulent purge of felons by Katherine Harris have been prosecuted that's felons in quotes. Worth yet many of the infamous punch card machines have been replaced with even more controversial electronic voting machines that make a recount impossible. No President and our history has presented a greater threat to our Constitution and our democracy than George W. Bush. If we fail to place the proper charges of high crimes on this President, we invite him to engage in further lawlessness for their illegal warmaking, further lies and further unnecessary bloodshed, now or even more so in a second term. If we fail to protect the Constitution today, we invite it shredding tomorrow by an administration with even less regard for the Constitution than the President won. Is lying to the US Congress and the American people about the reasons for sin devination into war in a peachable offense? Is violating the war powers clause of the Constitution by launching a unilateral first reconciliation of another nation without congressional authorization in a peachable offense? Congress must debate these questions now. Congress may be in Republican hands but all of its members sort of uphold a constitution when taking office. There are two roads in front of us. One takes his toward tyranny behind the mask of wartime necessity. The other returns is to our basic democratic principles where the Constitution is supreme and where no one not even the presence above the law. We call upon Americans of all political persuasions to join the law for impeachment. We ask you the caller right you member of Congress to urge him to introduce articles of impeachment. We also encourage you to sign a petition at www.impeachcentral.com to send a letter to the editor of your local newspaper and to forward this article to all of your friends. Raise your voice now at this critical moment. How does take the road back to democracy? Let us demand our country back from a lawless and unaccountable administration. Let us honor the oath as presents be trade to preserve, protect and defend the Constitution of the United States. And then you can click on the link to that website which turns out to be a damn hell of a website in Pete Central. Okay, Pete Central and it's got all kinds of information on it. It's got the statement that they start with and then of course you've got the petition that you can click on in sign. And then you can connect the media. It's fabulous. Find your representative. So we're going to have a link for that if we haven't done already. We done already. I hate to ask because he ever scutt only 85 different projects. He's right. It's April Fool's Day. Man. Two minute projects all on one day. All we forgot to play along with Howard's little late before Fool's scan this morning. And what was that? Schedule change revolutionary. Yeah. Never been done before in radio. Uh-huh. Fake scheduled change. I don't know what the line up he gave. I don't listen. I just heard about it. That's what Jesus. The mole I hear about him. Absolutely. The mole sick I get. Okay. We got important fish to fry here. Okay. We're worried about mole Howard David to play in silly little games with his little sports if a fancier in a morning. By the way, Wayne hates you mole. Wayne hates your guts. Absolutely. The owner of the team that you broadcast the games for despises you. Absolutely. You're a major. Absolutely. Paul. See if you just leave the whole thing out there. Then definitely, premise don't have to have schilkies. Even though that means sometimes. Oh god, the last thing I need. Uh-huh. Look at this. What? Look at what? What's another website, okay? Larry says I was just wondering if the American people are astupid as they seem to be. Errrr. Or is it just poor reporting by the news media? Both. This morning the New York Post leads story head a photo of the debts of against killed and burriest dead in Iraq hanging from a bridge. They also head on the front page of New York Times. And there's a two more roadside bombs exploding their bag that on CNN right now would a flaming vehicles. These people are animals but if you listen to bush they're just a small part of the population. It's just a very small part of a few crazy people that have this country living in fear. I say let Iraq have that democracy or whatever they want, just get us to hell out of there. Nice going, Larry. How many more military inscriptions are going to have to die over a lie? The blood of all the wooden wounded militants of it is around bushes hands. It's bad enough that the FCC is censoring the spoken word on radio and TV. Are people so stupid they forgot about the on-off switch? This is I get this easier for them to get off their lazy ass and bits than change the station. Every day that goes by Canada is looking better and better. And wait till you're the story today about downloading music. Speaking of Canada versus the US, Larry. Speaking of the diametrically opposed positions. Based on the court ruling here yesterday in Canada, but I just mentioned then passing will get to it. Anyway, we don't have that link up yet, but I'm sure that Iraq is working on that favorously right now as I speak before he passes out. I was like, well, I wouldn't blame him. He's been up all night, he's been working like, frantically to get us that thing. But we really need that badly just a link. Well, I hate to do it, but it's an important stuff. Don't you think? Yes, it is. It's an important link. I think. It's because this president stink. Okay. www.impeachcentral.com. Safe fabulous, or shouldn't say that. There goes my image. Safe fabulous website, and it's an opportunity for you to do something. And don't forget stop at CC.com, which I noticed that the... I wish we'd squeeze our audiences much as we can. I'm not going to bitch about that. They've done very well. Texas pulled away from us one third place, but that's not important. It's not a contest. It's a question of getting that million signatures. And it's a question of being able to raise enough money to get national attention. I can't believe that people are on national radio now. And a woman in Cheney names again aren't promoting that. Maybe they are. Maybe I just haven't heard about it. You see what I'm saying? What do you say? Because that's the way to get a million signatures on those petitions. It really gets an especially in light of this arrogant attitude that these FCC people. And these other media moguls have got right now. It's insanity. It's lunacy. And they're not going to be satisfied with radio and over the year TV. They want satellite. They want cable. They want to regulate whatever they had you can see. And here it's said, where every... Fucking word. Okay. Right. So that'll be next. I mean, if you're... If you like the prospect of fascism, then hey. Just sit back on your ass because it's coming. 27 after 10 at 5 60 WQN. Here's the last mortgage you'll ever need. Folks, it's the only one mortgage from financial group. The benefits are incredible. You pay zero closing costs. Zero application fee. Zero credit bureau fee. And even zero discounted points. Get yourself that new low interest rate. Just 1.25%. If you have a hundred thousand dollar loan, your payments are just 3.34 a month. The link is up if... A bigger part of the link is up. The link is up. That's Eric Goodives. Baby go to sleep. If you have a 200 thousand dollar loan, you pay only 608 a month. Don't forget once you're be finance. You get a new home mortgage from financial group. You'll never, ever pay closing costs again. So call and find out about it. Call 1 866-395-landers. No obligation. Get yourself that low mortgage rate you deserve. Then move to your next property. You would know for the cost of expense. You pay zero underwriting fee. Zero. Doctby. Zero closing costs. Even. When you move your ass to another property. Get that new low financing rate. Just 1.25%. Probably what it was why I said ask there because we still can. It's the only one mortgage from financial group. Get it today. Never pay those ugly nasty. Unless you say a closing cost again. Call 1 866-395-landers. That's 1 866-395-landers. There were an equal housing lender financial group restrictions apply. Rates subject to change monthly 4.21 APR. My life in local. Here's for 205-60-US-UAM. Get ready to run. Set it in March 30. The real American Idol is coming to town. Bye-bye, Lord. There's a red oam. Thank you. Oh, bye-bye, Lord. Wee. You guys. You guys. Oh. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I can't hold it. I don't know. Don't know. If you might. Oh. If you might. If you might. You get it all. Even what I'm lazy and I will never. Right. My life in the middle of the night. Oh, no, no, no. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. It's your business. Wee. Wee. Wee. Wee. Wee. Wee. Wee. Wee. This is like that. There was something that motivated me to take the pool. Oh, that's right. honest with you okay because i've never been a huge fan of this new thing that she's doing now you know where she's gonna save the world but i listen that and i just i wanted to really put my hands in my head and weep i really did it was just uh you know and again you shouldn't judge anybody the first day in a new gig but uh it's just it was just uh embarrassing to me it's not like worth any more sweetheart it's not cemetery village but anyway i don't want to get carried away so here's the pool america's best radio talk show host non sports is and here's our list rush limbaugh ggornlitty neo rangers alivinorth villa rally randy roads al frank in tom like is alis frantale doctor lora michael savage how it's during filand ried shunhandady did i leave anybody out nope your thought is it good america's best radio talk show host non sports we could do a separate one on the sports thing and we will someday when we feel like it rush limbaugh ggornlitty neo rangers alivinorth villa rally randy roads al frank in tom like is alis frantale frantale frantale but it one day so i think that would become silly but whatever alis rantale doctor lora michael savage how it's during filand ried shunhandady al frank and was on amazon vc last night on a never norville show that four people watched and uh he was as wooden as uh he made done i'm as look animated he's got a great sense of humor in writing he's a writer he wrote skits for like said or did i like stuff like that he's got a you know a sense of humor is a writer and if he's got a script his voice are funny right uh as a matter of fact they showed him starting his show yesterday his debut show on america he was reading it he had a statement written out her that sounds like mike spindle to me back in the mike spindle to do the evening everybody i'm mike spindle my name is mike spindle welcome to w i and z today we're going to be doing trivia again and oh boy i mean you know i think mike's a good guy but he was nabrod kaster well ha ha ha of course look where we are now at any rate loran sends us the spaxy c's first i want to thank you for your outrage and communicating over the year that's right i pissed off and fired up loran's even if we got a bunch of blue out there which we do i've written numerous emails to bob grand bill nelson else he Hastings have only received a pre-written statement back from bill nelson's office that did not answer my complaint thank you for reading my letter to the senator grimoire over the year yesterday sent a pre-written letter to grimoire mnelson for the from the stop fcc dot com website and this morning donated thirty dollars stop fcc dot u s website keep up the great work thanks loran's appreciated so people already are donating how we're going to know how much we got if we forgot that there will no no not yet but we will okay because even though the largest put in a hundred so we put in the first thousand and here's loran's with his thirty we need to begin uh what was it thirty eight grand oh sure but i still have that uh what you're the issue uh but for the uh add and you are say today so we can promote stop fcc dot com and get those million signatures somebody's got to stop it somewhere somebody's got to make it effort because it's pretty obvious these people are on a power chip and uh they're there whole game a censorship that's what it's uh and that's what's at and of course when you have the kind of weak need middle level management that we got a q a m every time somebody uh farce oh jeez you know of course we can't play the sound of that anymore but uh that they're just taking it to the umth degree okay maybe that's why uh muck uh email me that thing because it says that they're very serious about this and they're going to enforce it to the letter the law okay no matter what anybody says that's what he thinks of course he's a little bit nervous anyway now listen to this i mean this is in the washing and post today for those of you who are on the fence well let's see do we believe i see i'm doing exactly what the opposite of what i said yesterday when they started dragging me down that light bulb i don't want to do that but i do read these articles because uh you know i think some of them are important and they might be five people out there maybe even that third of me might uh might light a little bulb over their heads he like bulb again they're good articles they're not long and ponders all this one might be well it's uh it is long and pondered not really long but it's important the top focus before 911 was not on terrorism where it's robin right in today's washing and post and it's no April full mo a 911 2001 national security adviser condolese a wise was scheduled outline a bushy administration policy that would address the threats and problems of today and the day after not the world of yesterday but the focus was largely on missile defense not terrorism from Islamic radicals the speech provides telling insight into the administration's thinking on a very day that the u.s. offered the most devastating attack in the 41 bobbing a pearl hardware the address was uh designed to promote missile defense is the cornerstone of a new national security strategy and contained no mention about kaita o summa bin Laden or Islamic extremist groups according to former u.s officials who've seen the text the speech was postponed in the chaos of the day part of which we're spending a bunker it mentioned terrorism but did so in the context used in other bush administration speeches in early 2001 as one of the dangers from rogue nations such as Iraq that might use weapons of terror rather than from the cells of extremist not considered the main security threat to the u.s. the text also implicitly challenged the Clinton administration's policy saying it did not do enough about the real threat long range missiles. we need to worry about the suitcase bomb the carbomb in the vile of sir and released in the subway according to the air the excerpt of the speech provided the wash and post but why put deadbolt loss on your doors and stock up on cans of mays and decide to leave your windows open. the text of rice is 911 speech which was never delivered broadly reflects bush administration foreign policy pronouncements during the eight months leading to the attacks according to a review of the speeches news conferences and media appearances although the administration did address terrorism and devoted far more attention to pushing missile defense a controversial idea both at home and abroad the review shows. al-Qaeda and Islamic terrorism made the lower on the list of priorities is outlined by officials in their own public statements on policy. the question of whether the administration was properly focused on the terrorist rep before 911 is central to a building political storm in Washington as a commission investigating the attacks prepared to take public testimony from rice. last week President Bush's former counterterrorism chief Richard Clark accused the administration of failing to take seriously enough the danger from al-Qaeda a charge the White House strangely disputes. i'm not going to read the whole thing it's on our website but that should tell you right there that even on the day itself 911 in the speech that she was going to make there's still worried about star wars and the missile shield and all of the southern bull crap which is just a holdover from pop a bush and the neocons of the eight years before before they get interrupted by bobba for eight years who messed up all their plans just like tesio said that messes up all my plans god so there it is right there it is one of the smoking guns a speech that she never delivered to Lake schools that somehow they weren't trying to fight the other threat against the United States see how do you like that there is right there on CNN certainly not news network by the way they lost the gigantic portion of their audience in the past year seen into which i say oh raclin good taken turn into the BBC the cbc read some stuff online okay just say no to see an end let's take a look move them to fox now they did not fox didn't go up it just that they went down well fox is still got their right wing lunatics their dido heads you know fox is the TV what rushes to radio left the rotharagno much of mindless dido heads whoever there's a communist under every rock and there's also a bunch of oxies too but don't like rush find them fcc brass uneasy over artist finds this is more fuel for the fire to get you on its top fcc dot comthing i'm telling him this is this is a very ugly time it's just it's a scary is what it is to see and a public sits back but it'd be a bit like that like you know like so i'll affect your life how many shows have to disappear off the radio how many people how many how much more flat do we have about janicex litter booby over silly little crap and i got news for it they're just starting they're just getting going out that that kind of energized them just like the energizer bunny they're just all wrapped up now oh man look at this we got everybody all stirred up they're all peeing in their pants like i said they're all f*** in their pants you're so lovely he said so many chicks on his trunk bump list now he's got a bunch of snuffinose kids on the apprentice i love them down oh that narcissistic billionaire with horrible hair i love them down oh he go maybe a billionaires with terrible hair wonder which one will win and be present in his marriage well it will be on the rose of cuffs her head's got a dance look what happened to my head it's indented i love them down oh that narcissistic billionaire with horrible hair i love them down oh he go maybe a billionaires with terrible hair oh my life i've been little the head with flashback he's fired you fired you fired i love them down oh that narcissistic billionaire with horrible hair i love them down oh he told me the ad billionaires with terrible hair i love them down oh self-centered pompous billionaire unbelievable hair i love them down oh air against stuck up billionaires with ridiculous hair 1045 is 560 and every 2 a.m. so anyway it looks like it's going to be a tribute to myself on this poll today you know what who cares why not why not yeah i your nearer would like leave my self off but by the home out especially after what i heard yesterday afternoon i mean it really made me want to cry norm made me want to cry norm are you idiot you silly goose you silly fag man oh by the way speaking of that i got a little a tribute question okay love that what do Charlie Chris mark fully and Greg Lucenas have in common i don't answer that that's just a for you to think about you know somewhere something to ponder uh you know maybe you're the same doctor doctor been anyway very fcc bread oh maybe better take one or two of these calls they might be very important to some real revelations but i doubt it w qa and hello i don't answer that no sir that mistake to me speaking hey how are you doing all right i'm calling about that uh uh uh uh um state of state i heard i'm a couple of homes that were uh good morning to stop the ec.com they were promised stop ec.com yeah on the state of man you got a kidney man which is which one which one right and uh and uh and uh a parlor on like about nine thirty five oh well the state they're taking a heat two man they're taking a uh crap too yeah yeah i'm taking her to this all the truth you gotta do in the uh environment excellent most is grassy as a me go i've been i was to came to be this how do you like that that's great it's a crap let me just hit this to you and it's well people might take while he wants ready roach you're gonna promote your wagers behind us i don't want my name associated with is the as we take i've got to kind of do with me we even had discussions about how to keep our name off right who do i want to be involved in this i'm gonna hide under the bed but the bottom line is this is an important thing that it's it's a it's a vehicle through which people can express their outrage in her anger and try to make something not happen not make something happen but make something not happen and that is just look you continue the erosion of your ability to say anything or read anything or watch anything keep in mind like i've been warning you months ago this is just the beginning they want to go to cable they want to go to satellite tv in the radio and then they want to go to the internet so that eventually they can censor all whatever you well can read and hear in any ideas that go in your head now that's a kind of country you want to live in good luck you i'll see you at the border okay i'll wait till i grow falls i'll be on the side fcc brass on easy over artist finds the nation's top rock cast industry regulators are increasingly uneasy about a provision legislation making its way through congress that would find individual performances much as five hundred thousand dollars for indecent speech aired on tv in radio there's a minion republican fcc chairman the unshiss Michael Paul with that gigantic ass and the panels up senior democrat commissioner Michael cops who's even worse than Paul both said they're worried about exercising the authority congress would grant the agency if the bill's been come law pollam cops were telling that all day broadcast industry summit the nab summit to discuss the incident and these is the issue i understand it policy referring to congress's adamate performers pay but i have some reservations with the fcc going after performers policy artists have always enjoyed protection of the first amendment governing free speech and sliding them with large finds will be a very touchy area for the fcc cops agreed you know i'd say this because they know that would never stand constitutional test and court no chance cops agreed i think the primary owner's has to be on the stations cops said that should be the first line of defense they're gonna find things through their contract negotiations so a wardrobe malfunction won't happen i think that's ideally where the problem should be solved while Paul and cops expressed concern about the provision artist representatives said they're hoping to get the provision altered before congress votes on the final bill currently the fcc confine an individual eleven thousand dollars for an indecent act at a retribution radio after the performers first warned the fcc however is never used at authority let me say again they've never used at authority our primary concern is the legislation's provision that would completely change the enforcement regime for individual performers said tom carpenter national director for news and broadcast that after a the mercantilation of television radio artist union while the unions considering a court challenge to the provision of becomes law carpeter said it's too early to say one way or another there's the political will with an after take affirmative steps to protect our members he said key supporters continue to push the bill though that anxious obnoxious senator Sam brownback of Kansas Republican and represented a barts stoop act democrat a Michigan say they expected enactment i think the chance of the bill getting through and signed as years better than fifty fifty brownback said but he cautioned that amendments added to the bill would include cable and satellite TV and the legislation would make it harder still he did not rule out the chances of them being added under the legend of what we know that how do you like that so people that thought i was going a little bit too far give a little bit carried away where i kept reading that same article about said i'll said light and cable that's what they want they won't be happy until they get that that's where they're going with this and stop and think what what movie could you possibly see other than a Walt Disney movie the passion that doesn't have a whole bunch of f*** you know that's been made in the last many many years but third man more than that in the last forty years what movie could you possibly see doesn't have language that they would find offensive and fit within that definition of everything that's obscene and indecent and course language we'd have to be watching Mary poppins all that all they all all Mary all day and sanity is what we're talking about madness so if you don't want if you're not willing to take three or four minutes off your lazy ass and sign a petition stop scc dot com and shame on you was all i can say it so the easiest thing you could possibly do i mean the impeachment thing that's a whole separate issue okay because not everybody who agrees with the stop scc uh... things once we're in pitch George boards that's a separate issue based on different things and again the scc business isn't partisan it's not democratic republicans not liberal conservative the house version of the bill passed 391 to 22 22 members of the house representatives had the courage to stay up for the first amendment of the constitution 391 said oh yeah it's an election year let's paned to okay let's show everybody work goodie two shoes people we're not going to vote for a spot god what the hell does it take a mobile wake up and motivate the american public while they're worried about William hung and you know what they ought to be i think the ought to be concerned let's see all look at this mike best talk show host living steve came best talk show host did alan book or is it the other way around yeah we didn't put steve came on a you know what don't don't put them on there let ego his he probably have all four ten of his old cochers vote in fifty sixty time they did it why not the fact that about your part they're facting their facts in one all fourteen of them saying what they're saying steve came yeah no in Brian crack no we have to be under the age of a hundred to be on our list and you have to have like real body parts oh no seriously if you have all the body parts if you have a stunt a stunt penis and a stunt knee and a stunt armpit oh no he didn't put you on it we're not putting him on i mean that that that's just silly see those are the those are light bulb people that's the crowd that we don't want anything to do i i tried getting myself away from this people for a long time and i thought this guy jina lake worth whose facts this many times and called a couple of times he's very boring on a phone i thought he was a pretty good guy there for a while but he's just another one those light bulb people and he doesn't get it that call he made yesterday i'm surprised he's still i'm gonna be on the air today after that call please it's so reminiscent of those people that when they found out that she was going on that oh don't leave us man he won't be the same it's just won't be the same you'll be in the we your kid and i don't leave us just like me i mean you know the fact i'm doing the show in Toronto 80 percent of the time uh 90 percent whatever it is well it doesn't make a difference you know does anybody even know where to hell i am oh no they don't know if i don't tell them they have no idea where i am it makes no difference but they're gonna if she let some deldestroy whatever change she's got to make a difference to do her thing anyway i'm not you know that's here's one it says what do Johnny bench George bread and Charlie Christ haven't come in nice here that's great i love it that was a beautiful thing wow 5670560 pound 560 audience 80 and rise in wireless line oh you'd be pleased to know the presence goes on the fetus jay jay there's that surprise you jallie the fetus right school America's best radio talk to a host non fourth is see most probably i'm so we didn't put him on here he does a sports show oh and listen he's a good one to talk about the new schedule the reason that great keeps the plant and all these seeds in the very jackass column about he's still going after the hard certain how it's turned show that's just the bus most balls that's all tell i don't know that he if he had any way to get him off the ear and put anything on it and where he'd get rid of him front of post-aist before post time for the first race at gulstring America's best radio talk show neo Rogers 84 but he's still twining away and i don't want to sound like her now but uh i mean what there is a make i'm still only on qa m if she was catching a well on jay and oh well that's fine but she's catching in New York and catching in LA we're nobody can hear the signal i got a story on that by the way christians she thought and sent for Cisco but they still haven't got a station out there error america you know how many days how many weeks i think that things are going to land i'm good man it's going to be a bigger bond than herosha ma and i'm sorry to say that too because we need that badly but the people behind that who put that thing together unfortunately aren't broadcasters i know that yeah should make a difference should it kind of like the people we work for and it's got a bad name neo Rogers 92 Howard Stern 11 Randy Rhodes 9 for the goddess rush limba 5 fuel 105 only 5 are you sure uh shonhanna d4 billarali 3 al frank and 3 you did the show one day and al frank and is already the best talk show in america michael savage to dr. Laura one alis rantell one zero for tom like is olian orphan g Gordon lily at a hundred thirty six votes and no we're not putting Steve came on here because you know he's an idiot plus i said talk show host not just a host or in the pillar but doctors this and the doctors that they're going to be placed your eyes and replace your anise replace your penis and replace your uh your rectum whatever you got will replace it with some artificial that whole thing man that's a sad show you know it's like it's like a vaudeville act no i'm not saying it's Steve and Brian Craig and Nick Lawrence and there they go she's looking around together with uh you know whoever's on their arm at the moment in the seventy five little kids uh what it what is it like a side show like a free show then i thought they showed up at the track and they're always like on each other's arm you know we'd like uh if everywhere i go to the track i'm with George i'm with George and Josh courtuses with me and the whole little entourage like like that's my life i don't understand that i don't get it but what about who you know who you how am i right right right do i sound a little bit what about you have kind of a friend a couple of days here no equal foolin but of a busy morning yeah if it's a release i's going airically appreciate you okay even if nobody else does some days we really appreciate you others well no seriously he's uh he's done it for us i keep keep offering if he needs cash air if you need some help with some of this stuff i'm more than happy i got the big bucks and he never responds to that and the other good piece of news is that the beesleys and Greg Reed finally came then yeah book of Brian gets that extra fifty bucks a week now oh man how do you like that how we're gonna find out the total on this thing i realize i'm pushing he's not working on it haha pushing well i am pushing that because i figure if i get him to do all this stuff then he can just collapse and you know go into a car you'll think up some more yeah you're right by the way here's a here's ten more links are it whoa ten fifty ten fifty eight at five sixty let's face it we got Barbara Carrera on there nick it as a jibber that's what they all want to see they don't care about this other important stuff it's important to me it's important to you maybe but that's not important to them they want to see some naked pictures man that's why we're getting those 80 billion hits today on a website not because they care about saving free speech or because they want to impeach or uh want to yeah see Reggie Leach spring and the savings right now wasn't that uh what was that carry grant was that his real name archabal leech or something like that original leech i think it was archabald and by the way what did carry grant and errol Flynn and uh Charlie christ haven't come and i'll think about it for a few hours and then you'll let me know movies spring and the savings right now and save like never before on a great new car truck from Armstrong's Toyota of homestead there on US 120 minutes south of the 836 and Armstrong's worth a drive no matter where you might be how living because they're going to save you a whole lot thousands and thousands on great new Toyota's check out these great leech deals you can't beat him an old four camuer four wester for just two sixty nine a month or 48 months how about an old four highlander just three oh nine a month he needed truck how about an old four Toyota tender the safest truck in America pages a hundred and seventy nine bucks a month or 48 months unbelievable these are just some of the great savings going on right now at Armstrong's Toyota of homestead and with those anxious toll increases on the Florida turnpike for people using cash Armstrong's will give you a free sun pass when you buy your new car truck there general manager David rich in a staff will do just about anything out of the sun to put you in a great new Toyota today they'll cut you deal so experience for yourself the Armstrong Toyota homestead difference locally owned and operated a committed to a hundred percent customer satisfaction and don't forget their service department is even open late till eight week nights to make sure they get all your it's easy to get there the US one in two ninety-third in a homestead just 20 minutes south of the eight thirty six so say goodbye to those mega dealers and car giants who always let you down they always over promise and under deliver do the smarking for once called David rich he's the GM at Armstrong's Toyota of homestead column a 305 two four two thirty two forty seven three oh five two four two thirty two forty seven drive a little and save a ton on a great new Toyota at Armstrong's Toyota of homestead my dog the baby holy Miami I'm only just a five, I'm just a five, I'm just a five, I'm just a five, I'm just a five, I'm just a five, I'm just a five, I'm just a five, I'm just a five, I'm just a five, I'm just a five, I'm just a five, I'm just a five, I'm just a five, I'm just a five, I'm just a five, I'm just a five, I'm just a five, I'm just a five, I'm just a five, I'm just a five, I behaving as is the weapon and I've never met you up and all around, All your games now like my own  pure I'd like to put a dance on the underside of you, And other as if I were to come into your team, And the ball gets up to five. But it's not the same thing as you do. She's the one who gets the five, she's the only answer to the word of the world. She's the one who gets the five, she's the two, don't set up free. 11 or 4 or 5, 60, no, do you feel that we're in the final 26 minutes before those ratings start puking across that, Max Machine? Yeah. I thought I was going to be all concerned about that today, but we have a bigger fish to rise the same goes. I think back in the day, we're no things really counted. Anyway, Michael Powell speaking in, I don't want to overdo this thing, but I will anyway. The FCC chairman said yesterday at that, any of these, some of our responsible programming, that while the heated rhetoric of media ownership to make created a very hostile environment for the media industry, the issue also re-energized that a bait about broadcast and decency. Powell said, however, that he believes competition is fueling today's content issues. Oh, my, this is, I mean, you talk about lying with a straight face. I am of the view that competitive pressure, much more than consolidations, but it counts for more programming that test elements of a decency in violence, he said, competitive pressure, because there's three companies that don't just about every damn station in the whole country. So must be that great competition, is what he said. That's too too many. Sun. As audience continues to fragment a number of choices multiplies, it's harder and harder to grab and hold a viewer listener. He noted that while the public outcry about indesanciance guiding his interest in the issue, complaints are often focused on what people can expect to hear or see at certain times a day. The debate is not best understood as one about what you can do or cannot do on radio television. It's more about whether consumers can rely on reasonable expectations about the range of what they'll see on a given program at a given time. Right. Just like when people get up in a morning, and they think that they're going to turn on a radio here at the Howard Stern Show, which they've been doing for 20 years in a morning, they should be able to respect that. If they heard that he or I just showed the way that it always was for the last 20 or 30 years, they should be able to respect that. That's what the way I see it. Not based on a way a bunch of self-appointed censor is decided to make it up as they go along. Oh, you sure can't say that because it's 11 o'clock in the morning, you can't say, if you certainly can't, right. And those parts sounds forget about those. Well, I just came up with a rationale. I will not put Steve Kain on that pull. All right. You must be on a radio station that has got at least 10 watts, but then at least five people of the call letters of it. If you don't meet up in either one of those criteria, you don't have to meet both. But if you don't live up to either one of those criteria, then we're not going to put you on at pole. You just don't qualify. Oh, man. The light bulb people, let's bring back the light bulb. Let's get Norma Kain and Joyce Kaufman and all of these other people. Let's get Rick Spiderman and all that going again. What do you say? No, it's just a joke. Back in the day. Where the median age was death plus 10. Thank the Lord. You know, as I look back of it, it's long-checkered rocky road. You know, all the way to love rocky road. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Even hongenows makes pretty good rocky road, which I hate hongenows. But anyway, as I look back over to, it has thanked the Lord for one thing that I had to wisdom once upon a time. And it may be just a blind look. You know what is that? Now, there was like, you know, when you're doing a show one day in your city, you know, this is going over like a pregnant pull of water in July, just ain't flying. And then you say, okay, let's do something else. And all of a sudden, the phones light up and you bail yourself out, hopefully. You know what I'm talking about? Sure. And that business of what the guests and the topics and the same, or the right against the left and the conservatives against the liberals and the, oh, man, and all the old caress, go, I love the, I'll keep it light, Neil. Keep it from the very first day that horrible way back in 76. Thanks, by the way, to my buddy, Sid Levin. There's a great guy, Sid Levin. You know, I've worked for a lot of people all these years. In Miami, some good guys, some real, cool, Sid Levin was one of the best. He's a great guy. A little bit of a conflict of interest there with that spot on the Metro Commission, but nevertheless, he was a good guy. I'm trying to think, and Gary Lawrence, the WI, and he was a great guy. Gary was like a real guy. You know what I mean? No, a person, a really human being. Somebody cared about his people. What's that? And then, of course, there are other, and of course, the cast were laid to cast, or who may have been, I mean, how can you beat him, you know? A radio person, a person that would take it, lunch and sit down and talk about radio and brainstorm and exchange ideas. And, you know, let's drop the all-news thing. It's not going, what do you think? Let's put all talk on here. I said, he said, you really think so. I said, yeah. I said, how about putting the Alice Rand tell on there today? And they told me, what? How is that possible? He's just a newsflunky, put Alice on there. And he said, hey, I'll be just like Neil. Of course, he didn't realize exactly what he was talking about. Yeah. Not quite that much like Neil, but anyway. Gay. Ah, I see, there he goes again. I didn't say that. Would you know his gay? Keep your nose out of it. No problem. So there's the cast for Gary Lawrence, Siddler van. There's some people I worked for that were like, actually, radio people. The mom, I mean, Siddler was not really a radio guy. He was just, I don't know, sitting in office in a radio station. They had a big piano and a bird bath out in the back. And big, gigantic drapes and a picture of Frank Katzantine on the wall. That's the first time I ever saw one of those pictures where the eyes moved. No, seriously. He had been dead for many, many years. That's what WKAT, the callators were named after him. But there's this gigantic picture him on the wall. The studio is this big. It looked like an old living room in a mansion somewhere. You know, one of those old mansions. Mm-hmm. There was a piano over in the corner. And these gigantic old smelly drapes on the window. And there was Frank Katzantine's picture off to your right upon the wall. And every time you look at me, it's his eyes were following you. I'm telling you. Just like the John Asked wrote the eyes that follow you when you go to click on the Beanie Curtin on our website now if you're not over the age of 100. Anyone want to look at the new D pictures? WKWM, hello. Hey, it's George speaking. A couple of things. Art Fleming was the original host of the book. Thank you. Art Fleming. Thank you so much. For somebody's night of brain block. Brain block. The nude. The nude celebrities are a nice break from all the bullshit in the world. Okay, that was good. That was great. Yeah, that's a nice break from a real home. Yeah, that was a nice break off your call. So I'm thinking of that call. I was okay. I get a very boring voice anyway. You don't want to hear it. America. America's best radio talk show host. Nine sports, of course, we're talking about. Nine fourth. By the way, Ottawa beat those Panthers last night. Everybody frosted my fan asked. Just want to look like they made that big comeback. They swooped into the lead for the three there when the second period I thought I'll ride. Ottawa is going to lose. They're going to get their ass beat. And they fooled me again there at the end of the Panthers. Very sad. Very, very sad. How many people will look like we're there? Not third man. How many people do you see their George? Where? I'm sorry. The orange is 183 boy. A little kiss in my behind and I can handle it. Okay. We'll probably do real well on this moment. Wait and scum up. Another story. I see. I keep it until the night. Reaching for one of those buttons. But they're not there anymore, you know? One of those. How would students 24 Randy road 60? I sure. I'm not going to judge the goddess based on the ten minutes I heard yesterday. I just hope it was like, you know, in off ten minutes. I want to cry. Feel hungry 12 fills doing with the 12. Okay. But would have done a lot better if he had to turn into a right wing lunatic. And with total sellout. Rush Limbaugh 8. He's the best. How Franken-Five based on one day, which I don't think anybody in this audience heard it. But that's okay. Bill Oraley 5. Sean Hannity 4. Michael Savage 3. Dr. Laura 2. Dr. Laura slushed yourself hating a right wing Jew. Alice Rantel 1. Tom Likus 1. Ollie Northdon, Evody and Gordon Litty. My close personal friend, but I must ask, it's still eatin' rats. He don't have any, they're out of 27. I don't know why I'm taking that pole. Like I said, I just said here with my head and my hands just to the tears running down my cheeks. Sounds good, anybody. Did he beep? No, I don't beep because I'm the tenth and twenty-five of the month I have good reason not to wait. Can I say? I don't know, you're said. Well, just take like Larry Lou Jackson. Well, just take the money. Thank you. The embarrassment factor of being on QA and working with a bunch of nervous nellies. Hey, you know, that's kind of embarrassing, but we'll take the paycheck, thank you. We're gonna make about George's make. Yeah, right now. Oh, my, look, oh, they're six, he's five, six, he's three, you're the one you're talking about. Oh, my, I'm not a QA, yeah. Oh, yeah. Jesus is in the people's room. Jesus is doing all right. George can't say, it's great, it's hard. No one can, it's my stuff, no one can, it's the stuff. Jesus is doing all right. Oh, yeah. Jesus is doing all right. Jesus is doing all right. Oh, my, look, Jesus made you a secret. Yeah. Jesus makes me a lot of a secret. Jesus is doing all right. God is what the critics say. No one can, it's what the critics say. Jesus has been going down. Jesus is doing all right. Oh, yeah. Jesus Christ. It's all of a 60 to 5, 60 WQA. Dr. Doug, I have blue lips stocked the Don. Can you tell me what to do? Anyway, let's go back and do WNWS radio all over again. What do you say? All right. Let's go back and talk to the old folks again. Cuba again reject US officials via weapons charge. Cuba yesterday rejected a renewed accusation by a senior US official. That's developing biological weapons and said the charges were in attempt to C.K. pretext to invade the communist run island. Yeah, wouldn't that be great? Right before the election will invade Cuba. It was Cuban. Cuban Foreign Minister Philippe Perez Orokey called the news conference. What was that name again? Philippe Perez Orokey called the news conference is nightly discharged by John Bolton under Secretary of State Farms Control and International Security in the Bush Quinta, who made a similar accusation in 2002. Bolton told Congress in written testimony Tuesday that Cuba remains a terrorist and biological weapon threat to the US. I believe the case for the existence of a developmental Cuba biological weapon's effort is strong Bolton said. Cuba's got one of the most advanced biotech industries in Latin America, but insist research is solely dedicated to medicinal uses. It has research or chords with number countries including Iran. Mr. Bolton either suffers from schizophrenia, criminal obsession with Cuba, or doesn't have an ounce of shame to Cuban Foreign Minister said. US public opinion knows that our countries rejected the accusations that we produce violent weapons or conduct research on biological arms, then all of this is false. And it goes on. And you know, that's a tough one. Who do you believe? George Bush or Fidel Castro. That is difficult. What do you say? We did be similar. Let's start counting lies, I guess. Yeah. Well, Fidel has had a hell of a lot more time to many many years. I think this one's a little bit thicker. You think? Here's the fact that says, Neil speaking of bad Tom Shohost, the one-straight Phil Henry was on C-SPAN last week. Are you sure? I'm sure with Gary Chudo, Stephen Colbert of the Daily Show in several others. Phil wouldn't shut up, started pontificating about everything, and it wasn't conservative, which caused Stephen Colbert to mock him so badly that Phil looked just plain stupid. Are you sure? It was wonderful. The video of the show is still on C-SPAN website under American perspectives politics and humor. By the way, Colbert was the only one of the group that was even remotely funded. Wow, how's that? How the mighty of fallen sold out, solders sold out, sold out the devil. Solders sold to Dr. Death, the death man, just like charity did on passions. You saw that, didn't you? Of course. Now, this is disturbing to me because if anybody we know in a business ought to be promoting stop FCC.com, and it's somebody we used to work for with. And he is. Tom Faxes and says, I took a picket for Ralph's website. He's also promoting stop FCC.com. I need to know where I can send my $40 money order for the ad campaign. Unfortunately, I got to late off. Thanks to Bush and the trickle down his buddies' pockets of economy had it closed all my credit card accounts. We did, we're not set up to do that yet, right? No, to take cash. We're not set up to do that. No, we're not at all. But I just checked on the stop FCC.com petition thing. And there's only a thousand and seventy-two signatures from Georgia. You see, it's one thing, just like Sturn is put it on his website. Well, there's 80 million other things on his website. Plus a lot of these guys, like Howard's got 85,000 different websites. So just have it a link to it on there. That doesn't do it. Getting on the year and banging away at it like we did on the show for a couple of weeks. And after even embarrassing people in the signing it, that's what motivates people. That's what gets them off their ass. Making a point. A thousand and seventy-two from Georgia. That's pathetic. He's on the internet land on an FM 100,0001 FM. And like I said, if there's anybody, anybody we know that ought to be promoting stop FCC.com. I'll take your children for some patience. He's the one. He's right near the top of the list anyway. Of course we don't want to get into that. Do we? What? How is the panel approves copyright bill now? Here's the, I want to lay it out for it. You got the pot laws, you got game marriages, you got, you know, the question being progressive or the question of taking gigantic steps back into the stone age. Punishing the people putting everybody in jail. The violence factor, all of these things. I'm not trying to make a PR campaign for Canada. Just stay where you are, please. House panel approves copyright bill. A House representative's panel is approved a sweeping new copyright bill that would boost penalties for peer-to-peer piracy and increased federal police powers against internet copyright infringement. The House judiciary intellectual property subcommittee voted for the piracy to turn to an education act like yesterday. Overrolling objections from a minority of members that would unreadably expand the FBI's powers to demand private information from internet service providers. The PDEA, the result of intense lobbying from large copyright holders over the past six months, has emerged as kind of a grab bag that combines other proposals introduced in the past but not approved. He'll love this. One section that first surfaced last year, punishes an internet user who makes available a thousand dollars in copyrighted materials with prison terms of up to three years and finds up to a quarter million dollars. If the PDEA becomes law prosecutors would not have to prove that a thousand dollars in copyrighted materials were downloaded, they would need only to show that those files have been publicly accessible in a shared folder. Do you hear that? I heard. One part of the PDEA that did not appear in earlier bills would require the FBI to facilitate the sharing of information among internet providers, copyright holders and police. Got ya, ya, ya, ya, ya. This is unbelievable. Anyway. On the other hand. Here it is right in the front page of my national post this morning. Sharing copyrighted works on peer-to-peer networks is legal in Canada, federal judge here rolled yesterday, handing the record industry a sharp setback in its international fight against file swoppers. Canadian record labels had asked the court for authorization to identify 29-led file swoppers in this country and preparation for suing them for copyright infringement, much as the record industry association of America sued more than 1500 people in America. But the judge denied that request. In a far-ranging decision, the court further found that both downloading music and putting it on a shared folder available to other people online, appeared to be legal in Canada. A. This has certainly stalled a record industry's court round of litigation and thrown into doubt whether there's infringement at all said Michael Guy's University of Ottawa law professor, who closely follows Canadian copyright issues. The Canadian recording industry association which brought the case in did not agree with the judge's ruling and the judge said, to you, okay, raspberry. So how do you like that? There's a little bit, you know, on a one side there's the one thing there's the American let's put everybody in jail, find him $80 billion, take away their little dog and they're cat and whatever else they got, even the sandbox. Pretty scary in it. Chilling. It's killing. Be sure to tell all your chilling that we live in chilling times, okay? Pretty darn scary. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. America's best radio talk show is 9th fourth is Neil Rogers, 229. Well, I sure hope I see a big bonus in my paycheck for that. Howard Stern 34, Randy Rhodes, 22. They like the yenta. See if anybody else was doing really well, but after hearing that, I just wish I wouldn't listen to you. I feel much better about my relationship with the goddess. When you, what are you, you didn't hear it? No, I didn't consider yourself very fortunate. Don't judge on that first day, okay, let her have a few weeks and then I hope she's still on. I wish for all the best. You don't even like her. No, that's not true. I just like to show she did before, but that's just me. Yeah. You know, blowing, well, I can't even talk about what she used to do, huh? I'm going bubbles. Wilson, um, this whole medic here is staying right now. The Democrats should be bringing that right. Okay, great. Well, call that a light bulb. Okay, they'll talk to you about it. WDQM, hello. I need all you doing, buddy. Pretty good, pal. Good. Yeah. You don't want to have an evict. It can be different from anybody else. Finally, after all these years, we finally found some common ground with old baldy. 27 past 11 at 560 WDQM. Wait till those numbers come out, man. It's going to be really, uh, something. We're supposed to be in a five-shape. Do you weigh him? Don't pay the effort. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to the Marriott Marquis, say, big day for the Walt Disney and Muppet family. Let me introduce to you the members of the day. Over there on the far right is the CEO of the Walt Disney Corporation, Micking Oath and Mouse. The small, with mecky. He's a assistant, Venus. I just like to make a move. I'm not off. Representing the Muppet Corporation, commit the fraud. He's morning. And his agent, Scott Boris. Hello. Sitting next to Scott Boris. Is the telemonster? Oh, fuck. And now the man will be speaking on behalf of the Muppets. Please welcome Super Grover. I love you, sir. I have a brief statement, Mr. Ray. And then I will open the floor to questions. On behalf of the Hansen family, and I'd be rather glitter, Jim Hansen, may you rest in peace. The Muppets have one thing to say. Holy sh! We never thought in a million years we would be so. This is crap. Thank you. I will not take your questions. Super Grover, what about the layoffs of the Muppets? All right. We have been assured by Mr. Mouse that the layoffs will be minimal. It's not so Mr. Mouse. Oh, boo! I'll tell you what. I'm not committed to anything. I take a look at the whole story package and cut it up like a pucker line. Oh, no. We can't go over here. Come on. We'll muck the characters, be joining the Disney characters at the P-Farks. Uh, you know what I'm saying? Hey, good morning. We basically don't know what the hell is going on there. You sale kind of stupid by surprise. Right, or play? Boy, guess we'll be with it as it happens. If the boys question the whole thing, they just got bars. Can you tell us you're all in the negotiations? I basically put the whole thing together. My spare time, the work with the A-Rod thing, but this has been my baby, my puppy. Uh, I think it's a match made in order to get the law. I'm going to ask Mr. Mouse. How about the relationship between you and Mr. Frog? I understand there's some tension between the two of you. I'll play a lot. What? Let's get this off me open. Because the worst thing for the media would be if we both just got a law. I know we haven't kept in touch since we've been such a big bar of law, but we came on together. And we often talked of all one day working together. You guys never know. You can't get you out of the set. It wasn't reasonable with baby back in the day. But it fell far but under the bridge. All right, that's it. That's it. It's not a perfect goal. It's a perfect goal. It's a perfect goal. It's a perfect goal. Well, the 32, 28 till no one's numbers are going to start puking in any minute, right? Any minute, any minute. Now, we ought to put for our honor because he's not doing a sports talk show anymore. He's just doing a general discussion. Right in Lanna. We ought to. So let's put Scott for our honor and spell it right Josh. Whatever you do. Okay. You do really? He's got it. How do you got it? The hall over the place. Dianne Reem somebody says, Sheke was Dianne Reem's on NPR. I never heard of her. Did you? No. Sheke was Dianne Reem. Maybe she's related to Daphim and Calam. Yeah, why don't we put Daphim and Calam on it just a joke, Josh? I have to clarify because otherwise I look up next. All the summer leaves of our names are on the other. Happens every time. Now, what's going to be really interesting to me when it's during. Get Yank off the air by clear channel. I don't know. Would you say around the first of March? Because the ratings that come out today are December January and February. But it extends it a lot. I think through the first week in March, I'm not really positive. See what I'm saying? Sure. Might not seem much of a reflection that you might have when the whole book comes out on April 29. I believe it is or 20. But it's going to be really interesting to see if people start abandoning those clear channel stations in South Florida. We've got all the logos for them right there on our lovely website and yourranges.com. Big 106, Y100, W-I-O-D, Love 94, men in black W-M-I-B, W-R-F-X, Your marginal sports station with its 0.00 share, Zeta and the W-C-T-H, which I am a Thunder country. What the hell is that? Another country station in Thunder Country. W-C-T-H-F-M, 100.3, never heard of it. So those are the eight that cheap channel loans, so they would think that the stern people, especially, would be really pissed off and fired up. We'll see, you know. I see the fact that machine started, I thought maybe it was numbers. No, no, no, no, no. On his overnight show last night, Joey Reynolds made a point to mention Randy Rhodes on the new era America, Radio Network, how do you like that? Joey, I am that hemorrhate. He said that back in the W-I-O-D days, you attended dolphins game with his kids and watched from the W-I-D press box along with Randy and several other people. He said he hardly knew who at the time, but founders sitting with his children telling him what a horrible guy he was. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Says Mervin Jupiter. He's clearly no love loss to them. I don't dislike Randy, but I just, uh, and I have tremendous admiration for who got smacked. He's got a big pair. It's especially when she told off Bob Green. My good friend Bob Green, you know, that was going to take her to work. But anyway, uh, I just, I just find out what she's doing now. So it's so light bulbous, you know, and this, the same people don't, you people in Florida do not call Randy. She's on in New York and LA let's, let some new people call it, develop like a, not a cemetery, really kind of a show otherwise you're going to kill her, man. Those light bulb people, look at this. Now what is this new up pool? LA Times, carry 47%, bush 44, nater 4%, nater 4% Wow, if war for nater, carry, be, uh, safely ahead. You see that? That's the brand new LA Times pool just out today nationwide. Got it. Got it. It's only the first of April, man. It's, uh, it means very little to be honest with you. What these 12 plus numbers for start. What do we do we said? I have my nose up, nails, I ask you to add out of there, joy, okay. It's killing me. What is it? Yeah, whatever you got, just send it along, you know, you know, how we usually do this. I don't care. I got plenty of paper in there. I got it all stacked up loaded ready for bear. I sure, I sure would like to have some idea. And how, how we're doing all the airs as you can't tell me till Monday, how our stop FCC dot US is coming as far donations. You won't be able to tell me to Monday, which is fine. I don't want to put any added pressure on them. But I just like to have, you know, see how much action we're getting on there. Catched by drift. Mm-hm. I'm talking about real action. The bogus are clowns out there. We're on to them, you know. 560, the numbers are going to be coming out momentarily boys and girls. The trend. This is ordinarily trends don't mean that much. But this trend is dropping off that fan of the record. And they never know. It's going to be pretty pretty pretty pretty. Oh, wait. Oh, but first. Here's a facts from John and Miami. Well, I found something looking found. What does this say? Things I found while looking for something else, man. You can't tell your gods without a program. This is a ride. Pick a god. Any god. But no Neil god yet. Okay. Oh, so good. I got the bed. Oh, and he's got a thing that God checkered. Oh, this is, oh, yeah. Now, what does this mean? That miserable piece of, oh, yeah. We forgot about Todd Schnith. Thank you very much. He's a talk guy. I was thinking about him yesterday. I was going to edit on list. I was too lazy to come alting in here and write it down. See, I forgot. Todd Schnith, SCH and ITT. Rams with spit. And what a half-wit. Or is it knit with? Here's some pages coming over here. 12 plus WCMQFM still going up number one. Oh, but we're aware of where we're deep due to now, man. No speaking English. Zooming through there. Power 96. This is 12 plus for the entire week. Power 5.0. Oh, a 5.3. But audio on more life. Hot. Is there any WMIB? Which actually went up. See, I ghosted you. Oh, this doesn't reflect too much. I'm looking. I'm looking. I'm looking. I'm looking. WIWD. Oh, oh. Oh, oh. Going over. I don't see WCM anywhere. Zeta. QM2O to a 2-1. Well, this is 12 plus. It's not our demo. Right? It's not always the excuse. Sure. Why not? Well, it is. Duff said midday's rough. Well, that's good. In what? Vegetarian pigmies. We got, we're going to go on a vegetarian pigmies. Let's see if we can find that fox station here. See, this isn't really going to reflect the Howard thing. Howard sperm. That is not that other Howard. That's a blue. Oh, man. I can't wait to see a mose numbers. WGNA, AAM. See, I don't know what these stations are anymore. They keep changing all the colliders. It's like on TV, you know? Channel 4 used to be Channel 6 and Channel 6 used to be something else. WRFX. Look at that. They're making some inroads. Greg's going to be peeing in this pants. They went from a 0.4 to a 0.5. Woo! Wow. That isn't some movement. Oh, and speaking of movement. WNMA is not the station that the mystery goes on. That we will not put on a pull because it doesn't have more than five watts. I'll take your word for it. They went overall from a 0.5 to a 0.3. Woo, they're dead last. They're tied for last with WVCG. Hover WVCG? No. What is that? 1100 something on AM dial? I don't know. If you're like, if you're like within two blocks of the U of N campus, which is about four blocks in itself, you're right, kitty court of the court of the area of Dixie Highway and Luzune, then you can hear it. And that's in the daytime. Night time, of course, they go to rational. You can't hear it at all. You have to be up in the air to hear it. Let's see. What are you sending me now? Persons 12 plus in a morning. This is great. I love these days. Man, the audience hates it. In fact, we lose the whole audience when this happens. Except for those people in the business who want to know what's going on. Okay. 12 plus, which again is not a demographic. That's the entire audience. That means if you're 12 up to the age of 100. So WHQT, how 105 or 5 8 to a 6 1. That's a cox station. That is not owned by cheap channel. Okay. We're not too crazy about cox because Disney's there, but never less. W AMR, how do you on more? This second. Radio Mumbi for 9 up to a 5 1. So the aspect factor continues WCMQFM from a 3.7 or a 4.5. I mean, that's just outrageous is what's going on there. That's what that's what happened at one station. Are your people, man? They're all listening to WCMQFM Houchi Kuchi. Okay. They're all listening to see the cruise records. That's what's going on. See. See the cruise. I told you if we just are playing all cita all day, we might have a shot. What is they looking to promising? They got to 10 to 3 here. Where are we on the list? 2 9 to 3 4. Well, that's a pretty hefty increase. That's 12 plus. But in the meantime, I would D3 7 to 3 9. So they're really punishing those cheap channels. That is this was too late for that. You know, we'll see. When the full book comes out, then we'll see. I don't think it's going to happen. People value a colot, but they don't really give a crap. Especially, I don't think this dude audience are what you call your general activist. In case my grief, because if they were, they'd be all over that stop FCC.com thing, just like Stink on Greg. 19 before noon at 5 60 WQM is the tension mounts as the numbers come pouring in. This is the sports winner of FCC. You way, yeah. I believe that we have enough future. If I keep carrying on this way, if I say I'm so good, we will just fly. I am so freaking high. I'm lazyer than go to a meet. See, high my name is with me. I've got a long ago, smokes the ball and tear a little glow. Pera with an LSD, angel dust and something, only. Drop with so bad fantasy, lying if I say they're healthy. Every part of you are with me. They've found some part on me. You found the greatest drug thrown inside of me. 144 60 to 0 and at 5 60 WQM, these men numbers that are just starting to creep in here. The entire week, men 18 plus, not looking all that promising. We only went up from a 3.9 and last ran to a 4.9. I'm going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one on the Okay. What is that? WI was a 4-4 down to before 2. That's in a morning. Zeta 3-8-3-7 tied for 10th. And men, whoo whoo. Q-A-M-3-1-3-3. I see it in a little bit of a- A little bit, not too much, not too good. 3-3-3-3-3-3-3-3-3-3-3-3-3-3-3-3-3-3-3-3-3-3-3-3-3-3-3-3-3-3-3-3-3-3-3-3-3-3-3-3-3-3-3-3-3-3-3-3-3-3-3-3-3-3-3-3-3-3-3-3-3-3-3-3-3-3-3-3-3-3-3-3-3-3-3-3-3-3-3-3-3-3-3-3-3-3-3-3-3-3-3-3-3-3-3-3-3-3-3-3-3-3-3-3-3-3-3-3-3-3-3-3 If something is like that, I told you man, that's the format that'll kill a ride, I'll see you all day. WQN, what is this? Akeh Taken. S, how all are you now?  wtedy?  no! I want to ask you about the last bit that the greatest drug in the universe is Greater Settamine. Who's that great singer this ktry Spezzar?  That's vais. atto, that's-. That's what they're doing! It's bustling her passions! Whitney from Pashins, sucing it in the o-club. WCMQFM is at a killer what? We'll get some people on here. It'll call it tells what that is. Just like that first, a little Julio, they're called them with a spy report about how they're plug-in stop FCC.com. On some of the more enlightened Spanish language stations, what they know, no spaghetti in place. WQM, hello. Good morning, Neil. Good morning. Good morning. Add George to your poll. He's a fabulous brokester. The best talk show host in America is George Rodriguez. He's a fabulous brokester. Fabulous. And you get probably hot guy. No fabulous sizing. For the little soul on that guy, look at these numbers. And I'll hang our attention to your boyfriend there. Oh, look at all these pages and pages and pages. How many trees did we have to knock down for this? Man, oh man, let's see. Midday. Oh my god. Are you kidding me? Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Yeah. Wow, wow, wow, wow. Men 18 plus. I'm going to tell you something right now. In fact, there's, and you can market down like Wayne says, there's only one thing to say about this whole deal now. Only in the banana republic, baby. Only in Miami. Well, sad mad dog. WCNQFM has come out of nowhere. And now they have an 8.4 share. They're number one in man in the midday. QAM. We went from a 5 or a 6.3. That's a pretty good. Means we had a good mind. We'll take it. WI would be 6.2. We edge them out. WMX852, life 4.7, WRWMMB4.4. I'm going to tell you, man, you can smell the olive oil on here. That's how it's incredible. You can smell the guava. Olioliva. Olioliva. Not that's sort of wrong kind. That's a copy right now. This is just unbelievable. They have just, I want to say that I'm talking to Chris about our good, Cuban friend. Now to other, uh, holios, listen to that tour, just Cuban. Let me go find one and ask them. Find a Puerto Rican. But you don't want to talk to them. Well, let me is around here somewhere. Yeah. Well, it was just like somebody must tell us what this is, I mean, this happened while all of our programming geniuses were asleep. I think Bill Tanner's got his finger in his somewhere. You can smell the fine finger at Tanner on this. What? I think I've been under sampled. I think you're pardoned? I think you're pardoned? Yeah, and that's in spite of all the Cubans, uh, the Spanish language people being under Sample according to this Tanner. What the hell does she know? WDQ and hello. Can I answer that? Yes, I can answer that. Yes, so I'm sure you could. If anybody could. Okay, I can answer that because that's what I'm making black. That's my expertise. Now, you're experts. Yeah. Classic anoventidol, which is a one. Very now, speaking in English, come on. We don't start laughing back in that crap. No, no, no, no. Just because I'm going Cuba. That's the idea of them. A classic anoventidol. Punto 3, 92.3. I see. Okay, place all Spanish songs. More to them. Romantic. Uh, uh, No, no, no, no. Oh, they do not. They do not. They do not play any songs by failure cruise. No, play. We lose Miguel. No, no, they play. They're. Yeah, we figure when he started to invent 12 years ago. They don't play any. Today music whatsoever. Yeah, Spanish music. Uh, it's like the old Cuba. Well, some of the reds are like a Spanish magical anoventidol. Some of the Spanish. No, no, no, no, no. Right. That's what they identify in the world. In the world. In the morning, they have two clowns, which are very popular in the Cuban community, in particular. One is a person that does all kinds of voices. An escape with another guy. And they open the microphones and anything goes. You can say whatever bad word you wanted to say. So really, oh, yeah, sure. That's a little bit of a little bit Spanish or put George to say, for you all of the That it worked. No, thanks. My presentation. My, my, my church last only. They recommended your program because they say that you saw this moving the Passion of Christ and you got cleaned. Right. And I'm afraid. My priest is named Billy Bugaddo. But. Okay, great. Have a great day. I asked to keep my business. Wow. Three. I wound up like an alarm clock. So CNQFM, we're never going to catch them. If this trend continues, we're dead. We're dead. We'll just hope for a number two. I hope we can squeeze out number two. When the, everything falls on the lead, light at the end of the month. The whole book comes out. Wow. I'll see what about the afternoon, the Schmidt myster Todd Schmidt five six in the last trend and a five six. He's number one again. So I would be continues with a big right wing. See the right wingers in the no speaking lace, which is a lot across over there. And we, we have not a shot. I mean, we're back in a ball game, but we haven't got a shot. Man. CMQFM number two in the afternoon. A five point. Oh, say they're, they're all over the place. Everywhere. QAM. Mad dog in a Humper from a four four up to a four eight third time for third, which should have moved in the right direction again back up there. But boy, it's going to be tough to catch to some of these other ones, especially CNQFM all old the spits all the time. MXJ four point eight. What else? MXJ. That's magic. Oh, see, oldie, that's stalges in. People want to live in the past. I'm playing all oldies known to do. Man in black for point four, power four point. I mean, I don't want to board them all just numbers. Anybody that I should be looking for? Oh, that's right. Let's look in the morning and see how WRFX is doing. The great company they went from a point five to a point four. Oh, they're not going in the right direction. How about a nomenade with Roamie? Roamie and homey. Wouldn't that be great if they put the crow out with Jim home? Roam will be crowed with Roamie and homey? RRFX zero point nine to a one point four. See they're making a movement day when you're least expected. Waiter in the back of the pack. You can see his head bobbing around. What about in the afternoon? What do they got in the afternoon? We have any idea? Or is that we're still got. They weren't on that yet. Stoo gots in toast. Would you say stoo gots was going to be toast? Is that what you said? That's no such WRFX point five to a point six. So they're making a little teeny tiny to add in another way. Not really. They suck. So there you go. That's a deal. We're number two and we're pretty excited about to be hanging on number two. As a matter of fact, this backup from number three in the last run. Because nobody speaks English gets any diaries and certainly nobody who does get him returns of anyway. Very sad. WQM hello. Hey. Yes sir. Hey. What are you doing? All right. This nail. Yes it is. I nail. Hey. Do you remember who that fact guy was? He had white hair and a beard that old station on like a hundred of the clients. He's fifth and federal. Did he idea? The old guy with a white beard and purple hair? Yeah. Purple hair. He was only a hundred and thirty-fifth and what? Hundred and thirty-fifth and federal. What the hell was in? Oh like this game bullfight. I mean I'm in for Lord on that. What station was there with those station? A hundred and thirty-fifth and a federal highway and this game bullfight? Cater was wasn't that? You're a dream in man. Go get some go call up Wilmo. Okay. She's got some good stuff that Rush can't use this month. I thought the wall. What the cat is right now. Who is the big guy? Who is the little judge with a mustache? Oh, I'm telling you man, life all Brady we're going to bring it back. Let's start kidding me into the old caucus again. That's our only hope. And I'm sitting here banging away. We need your signature. We need your money. We need your position. And we're sitting here. I just did it with our toenails. That's all we're doing. Put it all we couldn't. So let's just like I said take the money right at the bank. Can just the last. Lafayway home. That's it. Let's see. What is this? L18 to 34. Well we don't have any number in this but I'm glad you sent it because it's kind of interesting. Power. Look at that power 96 kick and ask 10.3 to 11.2. They're number one man. Right down the hall of power. We like to control our lap but we certainly don't like that bitch that they've got you a mark fired. WLIP men in black went from an age 4 to a 9. Y. New still number two but there's Zuma none up. WEDR all ethnic here man. 18 to 34. Are there any young white people in South Florida? No. Who's speaking with? Why 100? 500 with 59. That's the only thing that they do. The irony of this is that the cheap channel stations are all zoming up there. Zoming up as the public shows their protest. They don't give a crap about Howard Stern. They don't give a crap about any of this stuff. All they care about is Huchikuchi. That's all. Wow. That is a shocker. What else would I be looking for here? QAM. I mean do we even show in this demographic? I.O.D.1414. QAM1213. We gained a tenth of a price. No. It is demographic. Overall. I mean this is just wasting everybody's time. But it kills them good time. Yeah. Good time. It just was. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 11.6. And what we get we get a 6.3. Is 18.9. 18.9. Less 11.6. Is a 7.3. There you go. See I can do the math the same way he is. Mowning much faster. Yeah. I'm pretty good with my numbers. Dup okay but I'm not leaving any for you. 11.57 at 5.60 QAM. 5. 5.6. 5.6. 6.6. QAM. Hello. What bell just happened there? Oh I got the cedar. You got knocked that thing on audition again. And you wanted to lie? I don't know why you got all those numbers. I got all the numbers here. And then I didn't realize that it was the 12 to one hour. So I had the wrong thing in there anyway. One moment please. Okay. How are you ready? This is the cheney. I like to relax by having Mary Magdalene massage my listening to the Neil Rogers 12 to one hour. Okay. What was that? Where? Get out. Wait up. Little Joshy. Wait up. Chill out. Little Joshy. Chill out. The people have been pulled. And this is what you've been told. About to the one they don't want for so much. Man's on. Hold it up. Little Joshy. No. Hold up. Little Joshy. Well, I don't want to try to get old somehow. Why don't we get the lot for Mark? Oh, we're gonna tell the world. And they say, no more. We've got blue Joshy. Hold up little Joshy. We don't even know what's the time. It's really the big threat. But no one wants to see where we're three in. We're gonna fill up your heart. Chill out little Joshy. We ought to stay home. We're gonna fill up your heart. Chill out little Joshy. Chill out. Before you send our men, You can't attend. Before you go on the crap out of your rack. Please listen to the you and wait up the Joshy. No. Hold up little Joshy. Wait up little Joshy. So, man, that person's 25. Before a moment up a little bit from the last train from a two-one to a two-three. That's still pretty awful. Oh. Although if you double that, let's see about it. It's about a four in men. I would say is what I'm looking for. 25.54 men in the morning. What do you think of that? Okay. That's something. Not great. Not awful. Not terrible. Look at us. We went from a three one up to a three nine in person's 25.54. See double that seven eight by seven five in the men. Which I think that would put us back on top quite frankly. Men 25.54. Even with his whole bubble seat. Now look at us. Persons 25.54. This is what gives us hope. Okay. Oh, hallelujah. You want it a why? Why? You want to stop and think about it. WCMQFM. Although, look at that. Look at that. Overall, persons 25 to 54. WCMQFM is number one with a five point six. Overall. In the morning. How one of five is number one in net the demo. WAMR. Arroyo Amor. Does anybody speak English? Oh my god. What are we going to do about this thing? Nobody speaks English. No one's outside. Learner. Jump here. The character. The character. The driver. The group. Speak it in. Ladies, please. For favor. We should don't read. If I could know she was in the dark. So I acted out my puncture aid. With my arms, the trees I made. No bug speaks English and immobile. Oh, could I leave like. You're scouting. I went down to my, yeah, man. I got to teach where the weather is nice and sunny. I walked into a liquor stall. But the guy there talks real fun. I asked him for a pint of fortune beaming just 90 end up. What does that mean? The butter's cooking wish. I got him more. That corner deline. Hell, I think I've been Pakistan's taking was smelly. Are you going back to the lower end? I can't hear. Where many years ago? Where my ABC. I don't say much as gross years. I said pretty good. So get yourself to a classroom quick. You're an American now. Stop making me sick. You're a bunch of cancels. Come on, let's walk. Only in the banana Republic, baby. Only in Miami. Amen. Let's see. After no one stood 2554, Hank and the mad dog got a 3-1. It's up from a 2-6 demo within a white direction. That's our six-poit. That's about a 5-8. Not too bad in men, right? He'll take it. And what did I say about Mo the moment? Like a four. And we got like a 7-5, some. I think we're moving in a right direction. Nice gone air-duffin. There's we could have done it without you You know what I said we could have done it with I? So I think the bottom line on this and it's only a trend. We got a way to go, but Right, right. I could do burn that Yeah, and we're pretty excited about it just to be even within a shadow of CMQ FM right by frankly That's where we are witness shadow. I feel like Lamont Kranston Okay, let's get a million calls in here because these people you're really porked off when we waste all of this time with these numbers in the waiting It all you like goes on, you know Life goes on to lay take all of us off the year 567.0560 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon marvelous line I guess maybe I'm just Deluding myself if you think that's possible. Oh All about all these petitioned drives and about their reason is money in about oh That's all of these things. You know what else is that? So in other words, we should just lay off. No, no, we gotta do something for the radio show. Let's do this That didn't sound too positive demand. Oh, here's Duff says congratulations for that big seven three in man in February. Well, thanks so much stuff and by the way get lost And what's this what's this other thing here with the bell? What is that art belt? Get it. Oh, art bell isn't it cute somebody for all this with a pallet and an easel and then they got a bell in the bottom As opposed to just right now art bill They went through all of this great artwork on here. Let's put our spell on listen what you say. Okay, you got it All right So we're reading over the right direction. Let me stick that my drawers He's saying got his calculator out. He's doing something really productive today. Well time got book about it. We cut that bit You better be joking about that. I wish I was that thought he was So it's nice and clean and appropriate now Now you're aware the federal communications commission is on a mission from God to protect your children and perhaps yourself from the simple danger of dirty words What you may not know is the FCC regulate your private telephone calls as well That's why faith based ministry's corporation is proud to introduce word blocks simply attach the CCP Use the vice-tie or phones and the words of sinkin will be locked out in stability Yeah, uh Hello Oh Hello For my Well, we're being handled with and word block will be shipped directly to you for a generous donation of $2,000 to the Republican National Committee Then he was switching to blind and guess what that's what I'm playing so don't even waste your time sending that to makers I'm not putting in my DCS if you want to put the other one and there be my guest. I'm not doing it. There's nothing wrong with that This is you see somewhere like you have to draw the line This is where I draw the line in the same. I'm not playing the other one He's not he's not saying the words Okay You follow what I'm saying no I understand perfectly well then then just forget about it. I'm saying forget about what I mean if he wants to sit in I'm playing bush boss and pretend that he's like exercising his authority and really you know There's nothing to believe there's no word there. There's no word behind a belief you take about the bleep out of there. There's dead air. There's silence That is about the silliest now now when did this happen? I just heard in the little chat during one of the breaks there. He said it was on its on its way I don't want it recut. I'm gonna play one that is recut. There's nothing wrong with it That's one we're sticking with okay and a $500 for a reed at them. There you go 500 bucks for the reed at the good I had a good thinking air If the floods are played on his show in between the senior crews in the Luis Miguel records more power to him We're not playing a reica went on this show just to be childish and juvenile. Okay, and the hours in I mean I spent at least 10 minutes Recut net builds cigar and Monica's I thought was a masterful masterful thing. You know this I didn't run that through a by anybody now Look here's the way I look at it if we need that much involvement by people who aren't talk show host in the first place Then we should be on a year period I mean that was one of the proudest moments in my 85 years in his business redoing that thing and a masterful job I'll say it again if I say so myself even you agreed 5 6 7. I mean I'm again I feel just like when I heard the goddess for those 10 minutes yesterday I want to put my head in my hands and cry hearing that he got bokeh Brian wasting his time to put it in a plea for there was no sound Where there's no word that that has to be the dumbest most bonehead move in the history of the broadcast industry and believe me I've seen lots I could write volumes But that's got to be about his dumb and his paranoid and his as pathetic as Anything I have ever heard of in my life But he's doing something. Let's hear it for not baby. He's doing something. He's doing it. You're doing it man You'll go girl always matter. I got a good question for you. Okay, Charlie Chris Mark Foley and mufflandsy what do these three have in common? Then they all Rogers coming up tonight on inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story He was one half of a hugely successful 80 senior duo and even though both of them are out of work now It just seemed like more fun to pick on John Oats Nobody remembers me because I wasn't a pretty one-light Darrell Hall. Let's face it I look like a cross between Freddie Mercury and Billy Bob Thornton John Oats Unrelenting bitterness and tragic loser status provide exactly the kind of demeaning Center tightening awkwardness. We love here at inside the behind Well, I'm here to tell the world that I'm back with an all new show I simply call in Oats I'm sorry in Oats featuring all the parts of the Hall and Oats on the I made famous parts You made famous. I'm not sure I understand like kiss on my list because your kiss Because your kiss because your kiss oh or man either whoa Here she comes right. Yeah, whoa Yeah, whoa Mr Oats oh I'm sorry is he singing just the backup again? Oh, it's so tragic and embarrassing But that's what you guys like right John Oats If they gave an award for a second banana Hey, FCC I said banana go ahead find me It's a big juicy shopping when it look at show business tonight on inside behind now is muckering up it on the hall I would have rang me said banana But it's a banana is he doing that? No, you know, we're in here. He will be pretty soon Anyway, he just passed me the CMQ FM numbers monthly's wish their gigantic but I really don't care But at least he felt he did something pretty I'm just drawn a line at that point at this point. I mean what we got such a nervous nilly pop had janko look what we got You know Making a guy redo a comedy, but that's got bleeps over dead air that the words aren't even being mouth there and he makes him redo it because the bleep wasn't good enough I mean even Even dead people are shortland at that Liberal radio network hits air with left jabs is the Washington Post Al Franken said a lofty standard on his new radio show yesterday casting it as a battle for truth Battle for justice and battle for American its Americans self not to be grandiose about it yet See always this is the everything is a little quick you know not funny, but he puts in these little quips Uh, there were America radio didn't have a grandiose debut the signal was elusive in Los Angeles In San Francisco, it's stationed didn't materialize and it's internet feed kept breaking off But the fledgling liberal network managed to plant its flag in what has been overwhelmingly conservative turf And it goes on a parade of liberal guest came on and one time what are gate fell in G Gordon liti called in from his radio show And yada yada yada Frank and said I know if someone comes after me you'll kill them and not quickly liady said slowly and painfully And it goes on about how my real chromal bomb and jury brown bomb and all the other libels they put on your bomb and It says they've assembled a lineup that leans heavily on entertainers from committee and jenning a raffle to wrap or chuck thee to his Wednesday The goddess is not mentioned in here at all but like I said she should quit belly a can about that and worrying about to make in her mark and letting people know who she is Because nobody knows who she is All these other people that I just mentioned their name people who they are See I say 560 560 pound 560 on a AT and T in Verizon Wireless line who is the best radio talk show host in America non sports of course Neo Rogers 365 although under 65% now we're slipping Howard Stern 71 Phil Henry 32 Randy Rhodes 32 Rush Limbaugh 17 Al Franken 11 Bill or Riley 10 Michael Savage 7 Sean Hannity 7 Alice Rand tells got a pair Dr. Laura's got a bigger pair. Tam like his two Ali North ones Scott for Rouse got one Touchnet one R bill one G Gordon Lee still have any out of 560 do vote Gordon Lee don't have any Damn it that's probably because nobody cares the show in the market right nope Arthur other people on this list do nobody carries their show and well they've heard Alice Rand tell him to use it That must be the light bulb crowd. Yes, man. Oh, yes. I remember WNWNWS Alice was so good She was so wonderful and on the light bulb it was in a higher Is all water over the bridge baby ancient history life moves on all Spanish oldies all day starts tomorrow on QAM No, not her though. Oh, no that's interesting. Why would they not play her for the same reason that like some oldies stations avoid Like the beetles or things that have been worn into the ground They do sure I've heard it does PURT them. Oh sure. Why would you want to play the beetle somebody might want to hear that right exactly? I don't send me any more passes from that chronic whining little John. I mean this guy is a pathetic why don't you do this to my And she do the listen to your Spanish language days into get lost John. Okay. Nobody cares Let's see did you catch last night's outpark? No, no passionate Christ that they're funny and time And how do they crank these things out so quickly have the back to say phenomenon said WB? It's a phenomenon. It's not just the one to two hour Very good and pointed it had melds smearing Can we even say matter all over the walls? Wow. Yeah. Well, let's go. They better do their things while others still are Still on here. In fact, a lot of these drop-ins. I notice I can't even know right? No, no, no. Good good. Okay, like that. Yeah Can't play that. Nope. She's evil bitch. Okay play that Uh, now I this one I can play Salt park drop-ins we can't play no more If you listen if you leave it in the hands of mufflands you I'm telling you right now You won't be able to say hello or goodbye in about two weeks We're dealing with the most nervous nilly I've ever been around in my life. I get nervous just when he's around That's how never it cuz it rubs off you know, I mean paranoid Nervous weak need I mean if we had somebody would just want testicle in that position We wouldn't be in this position right now because it would be a little bit more entertaining without having to worry about Oh gee, you know But of course this this makes him feel more masculine more like he's in charge like he's driving the situation You see we couldn't have done that 73 in man in February without tough and clearance. I'll guarantee that you think Without those mornings seminars So you don't hold back what what don't hold help me playing old magic wand back there Let it out cracker put it out spit it out man No, I Too much blood spit yeah, I'll bet Has Voka Brian and you know something Voka Brian. I'm gonna really kick his ass too. What do you do? I want him to say no I want his an issue to said I'll talk to Neil first and it because he doesn't agree with you He begs for $50 he has to go over to accounting on his hands and knees and then So in other words, you're telling me they're gonna pay my extra $50 for we cut him the same bit you really Know or to be making any enemies in this building they hate him enough as it is who's they they all of them all of the above really He's probably he's probably this and right now hey, Boka don't see too. Yeah Boka break each you yeah Yeah, yeah, that's he doesn't care He's another one of course mr. Panic man five six that I got an idea Let's get a panel and we'll have then judge all the comedy bits and everything we play on here. It's gonna be Eric Volca Brian and tough Whoa Can you see that just kidding Eric we love you baby. You're the best go to sleep 567560 pound five 60 on the AT and T in Verizon wireless line what a joke man what a panic You tuned in late don't forget you can contribute some cash those people said how can we help you how can we contribute There is a chance right on our website and your Rogers dot com Eric today masterful job on this if I do say so myself stop FCC dot u s just click that baby on there and then there's a nice Page there with the American flag in the background and also on the left there's the first amendment the US Constitution In just and he's you forgot about free speech from voting the campaign for free speech it explains to why we're raising the money Very succinctly what we're gonna do with it with ads and you will say today and yada yada yada And the Nick click on where it says donate and it goes to a thing there it is Enter the amount on your credit card anything between two dollars and a thousand dollars I mean if you if you're gonna lay donate two or four bucks five bucks. That's fine It will take you have to feel bashful It all adds up So that's a one beautiful thing and then the other one in case they do in the late was that outstanding Link that I discovered on the what was it gonna Tom pain dot com the article that I read the beginning of the show Hmm, which the article is on there and it's uh, where the hell is it? It's on here. Uh, impeach central and you click that on and Nothing happens There it is and that is one hell of a website. Did you look at it yet? Oh the website no, oh man restoring justice reclaiming our democratic rights. This is one of the best And it's got if you just want to click on where it says petition if you want to sign it you can do that too, and but that's a must in Pete central Is a fabulous so there's a link to it on our website Plus you can see Barbara Carrera naked lots of reasons to go to the rogers.com today 560 50 50 50 on the AT and T and Verizon line lots of open lines here doing screamless nothing W2QA and hello Yes, sir I have a question for you this MTV part of the whole finding channels like as a part of that it can they get fine? Well, it's on cable that's what they want to do next Wow, because I mean they said a word yesterday. I guarantee you anybody it doesn't stop the air I'm gonna spill it off you Be you okay great five six seven. He's gonna spill out for me five six seven over five 60 Five five 60 on the AT and T just give us the first letter next time palio Okay, that'll be a more than a sign language. Yeah That's it. It's a flip out of put on the slip of paper and slide it under the through the radio and slide it right through your speaker I'm calling you People think I'm exaggerating. That's the that's the a chillin air you feel like the That's different ease That's sure anything that's a lot to be stiff anymore in fact if a Michael Powell's got his way no more vag where they're taking that off the market you'll have to go see Alice In fact, that's what stuff I think is doing during his lunch hearty's gonna go see Alice I'd like to be a fly in a wall for that nothing. How many QM hello? Or just a fly. How many QM hello? Yes, sir Are you doing pretty good? Are you allowed to do it like a initials Like are you allowed to say like not not not don't don't ask we won't tell Are we allowed to do initials the answer is not allowed to do anything okay? We can't say anything. We can't think anything. We can't write it down Initials letter because for example like see what could think of all the words that we could say would let her see Like an FDC. I mean that one's pretty obscene, but think of that see okay? You're right off the top of my head I can think of several with a seat. We couldn't even begin to say okay? Yeah, including something around that most Secret of all list those original George Carl and seven dirty words can't say those oh no Now like you could do like what's his name Simon Caldott put your finger up against your Know you can't and say see this W to QM hello What up, Neil? How you doing sir? Am I right man long time listeners love your show man. All right I love everything you've been doing recently without this FDC stuff and I'm trying to make a public aware What's going on? Yes, I'm I've been saying that to myself for years You know, and I'm this glad I'm glad to see somebody's doing it I think the next step is to start an economic washer Just put it up on your website and let people boycott company that are doing you know And stuff that's certain the same people that are supporting the companies like mom Are you talking about or will be excellent? That would be our number one choice. I'm sure George would agree hardly one Martin and the list goes on we need to cut the cream off at the top and show some of it back now Wait, let me take up the what oh you can't see that he's a cup of off the top we can't see that Sorry, pal. He can't do that five six seven oh five six deep pop Five 60 on the 1810 Verizon wireless line just don't pound it too hard. Okay, please. Can we do pantomime? Yeah, we're gonna start doing that pretty soon. Marseille Marseille our coming up instead of mad dog Did they know I said we got the mad dog of two he's back after a couple of days off Oh look at that. I knew nothing was perfect Terrific guy is on for the Hebrew hammer at four four to six thirty for the Zagaki monster Panther preview after a disastrous lost the Ottawa last night at least was disastrous for leave anyway Panther preview six thirty and seven o'clock its Panthers at the Tampa Bay Lightning Over there in the West Coast Tampa Bay what a team they got I heard guilty this one I think they're gonna have a scene next year. I don't know what to base that out But I just think they're gonna play nobody I know no column this nobody's ever even seen a hockey puck Thanks to this gonna be a season next year But Galady says in the only reason he's saying that he's trying to talk himself into it So we can have jugs job doing a game some radio next year since jugs is retiring any can't do the hockey game Got that scheduled out. Oh 27 past noon at five 60 WQM I've been telling you for a long long long time if your mattress is old and lumpy Say goodbye to that mattress and get a great new one the easy way We just want simple phone call to dial a mattress 1800 mattress. That's all you have to do is call that number because dial a mattress backs up everything They send the advertising 500 percent They're competitors to your lie lie crazy for example You see an added a paper with a big headline. It says half off But when you read to find print you find out this only applies to a very limited selection of items that you didn't want anyway Everything else it's still full price and they probably double the regular price first and you're probably never be able to make a first change You don't like it, but a dial a mattress in their agile-fied no tiny print notice-famers no BS no crap When you call 1-800 mattress you'll see their prices are so low Other stores have to offer half off sales just to compete dial a mattress is got a no risk 30 day Comfort exchange policy on all beds including yours and don't forget when you call dial a mattress at 1-800 Macris you're getting a company ranked number one in overall customers had a fashion from candle to Stuart Palm Beach to Ford Myers And dial a mattress reminds you to redefine print because they want you to know what you're buying even if he decided not to buy from them What's not to like do what I've been doing for a long long time Replace that crappy worn out mattress of the great brand new it a non-beatable price by calling the 1-800 mattress or Log out of mattress.com dial a mattress that's 1-800-MATT-RES the honest the smart way to get you a great night sleep for years to come This will more have a day, but star of sport whole radio and oil. You can eat dinner. Did it? And this is tell me I have to squeeze my legs lower my foot We're here to tell you about the WQAM online auction. Yeah, why it's just like fever-babe Oh, it's Emily sports stuff. You're like tremendous old cleats size 19 Yeah, partially eroded your little cake used by your favorite on the a star a parallel wins is runny nylon And I'm playing jewelry piercing sound on the mental floor lunch in prestigious what miles with a gibberish and boy You've been bones left here by for a And tell these manhood I mentioned my personal I see the a god smart and never hate a god smack and The 560 online auction all pros he will go directly to the abandoned stretch Beats for the sky stand on Tipee toes way up high foundation Well pretty to a 560 WQAM another fraud there that was pushed over on us by clearance and tough although not tough is running away I had to do with that you know and by the way bulk of Ryan in case you forgot Okay, I just want to play that every commence rewind it Not that he's insecure paranoid you do understand that he's very Got his feet for me on the ground for it man. Look at that phone we're doing screen list There is not a call on the board man. This is just amazing to me and it's just a shocker All are all over there with rush right now. Let's go there. I want to hear all the lies all the BS See you can't you just can't compete no more with the right wingers. Okay, so this idea of era America and liberal radio What did I tell you a long time ago? Yeah, but it was night who pulling it right for the get-go? I Got a Chinatmance chance 567. 0560 is the full work in our we did we just die WQM hello Pretty good. I can change the subject. What subject? Okay great good one. That's the higher palli guy 567. 0560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless Lalaqa said Let's just do goof all radio. Okay. Let's smit can all of this stuff about bush and about politics and about Petition drives. Let's just say to hell with it, you know now with it. Now with it In fact, I even got I don't want to steal from my close personal friend of calling Okay, but I'm thinking about saying but got about it. Yeah That's he's just a piece of where I'm not talking about the real. I'm talking about the one that Booker Brian created The moment you'll be he created if we can have a show with that we have a 10-year-old one easy you know That would have a number. I'd listen It'd be a panic. WQM hello. Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing man pretty good? crap, you know I told you I have some in safe will to say and I forgot what it was gonna say Yeah, yeah You better hang up on me bro. Okay Oh, he was all right. This is the life we have shown that he was excellent. Who's very good? That's one of us know Who's had in recent memories of matter fact. That was very very good See he feels bad, but I feel good because he was a magnificent call WQM line nine hello Neil, how you doing today pretty good. Pally how you doing all right couple things firing out of the goddess yesterday Yeah, yeah, she's gotten pretty good She had all the later on maybe to get him to stop the felt the hang up butter I was gonna follow you and the Elizabeth beating her curtain girl yesterday Who is the beating curtain girl yesterday? Yeah I got her but I was not a lot of it to me. It was Terry none Tree none from her one yeah, yeah, great right Very man Not the about 30. Okay, hop on one. What is your battle? I do idea So I guess I heard the wrong ten minutes of her show I shouldn't be prejudging Maybe she had a magnificent show and I call from John and Lake Worth just to really set me back Cause several years in my life, but that maybe her call her show was fantastic Did she plug stop fcc dot com? No, I doubt it Why why is it so difficult and you know that some of these people are well aware of what's going on sure Why is it that nobody we want to go with that to run with that except just a few of us? I mean, there must be some people in California and Texas for like really plugging a hell out of it They've been all over right from the get go but us, I don't know Somebody keep you way I'm hello Hey, Neil. Yes, sir Neil yeah Hey, I just wanted to go by along the same line as a red last call She chewed up Ralph Nader and spit out little pieces It was one great. I love it She said every single thing that all of Democrats who feel that he ruined the election in 2000 I've all wanted to say but you know only Randy's got the big one right It was great Dynamo I'm glad that I guess I heard the wrong part then well given another shot. She was nervous yesterday I would imagine yeah She's the superstar of era America yeah, well, she's doing it when I had to broadcast to I tell you that the other people on their Al Franken's though broadcast or in Geneva, Rafflow's no broadcast or so she's that but you know She's got to let people know who she is first before they're gonna promote her It will happen okay, thank you. Thanks. I'm sorry for the power. Thanks. See there you go Took us a long time course. We were busy with it did look with these ratings and everything I don't wish you any bad luck unlike you which of course. Just a and just when you were You have the same bug up your ass about her day had about Rick Riley that's all something about all the boardops You got fired the bug and you you lie a lot you were you were babbling about that before the show this morning I don't lie I just make up stories just to aggravate you that's all Sports You were gonna say That's what I was gonna She's kicking ass to goddess okay, so there you go. I apologize for what I said before. I really don't because I didn't hear it But if she ripped a rough later when asked and I give her high marks just on that point you see what I'm saying In fact, she's doing really well. She's run on fills ass Never one now they took her off and he afternoon and stuck to her on it. That was a bomb green hated ran to he really Stuck into her that's what I don't know why He didn't like that accent just like you said this morning. You can't hold the monkey broad acts Yeah, right trouble. I would agree with that Let's see America's best radio talk show host non-fourth The arages. I'm under 65% that's pretty weak 416 64.1. I think my ego is gonna take a gigantic blow If I head one Howard Stern 86 fill Henry 37 Randy roads 36 come on we can get Randy past a fill easy are you sure? Oh, I know its Limbaugh 20 Alfred can 12 he's done one show and he's already the best talk show host in America Say a dozen of these people there must be the dirty dozen Bill or Riley's got 10 Michael Savage eight Sean Hannity eight Dr. Laura three that bitch Scott for Rows got three Alice rentals got a small pair Tom like his got a pair of Lover jackets touch nits got to art belt to Gordon Litty one Oliver North one Don I miss his got one. How could we have forgotten about the I man? Oh my god. Well, who's the one who remembered? Factor of facts. You remember the I'm I miss this the ball ring. What's better The live radio show every morning on TV? Well just about anything but that hasn't stopped him as NBC from teaming up with radios original bad boy Who now looks like an S.D.O. radio. Listen Bernie. I'm a sellout intern as copies Yes, every morning see I miss listen to a tape of other people's County this I'm on the air I did a hammer to bite into those muffin. No, I have a question plate. I guess he's why he'll be behind the scenes And it's the main job at the I van you on a wall or cocoa can chew and I get me some fresh coffee You're fire I miss he's irreverent so what's it all the Paul? So what's it all with his water game? He's in coherent. I'll tell you what that there's a double of a person Reins I miss him. He's going ring and he's only on MSNBC a cable channel nobody watches and a bunch of AM radio stations Nobody listens to them. I'm gonna get some fresh jingles. It's I'm a business great I just picked up a fact you see me. It says what about I'm a school there's an idea Jury and Veneeda Springs was usually a much shorter faction than this but got a very long fact But he's always good. He says I To listen to a little of Eram Erkeh's today on the internet the live streaming kept dropping out at the Eram Erkeh website Well, we were nobody to talk about that when I went to the Portland station KPOJ the stream was steady I listen about a half hour of Al Franken with a sidekick Katherine Lamfer from public radio It was flat ass dead pan and boring. Yeah, that describes Al Franken pretty well I find Franken quite humorous when interviewed on a talk show, but these two sounded like they both belong on NPR They make ceasepan look exciting Wow, I caught an hour of Randy on the J&O stream at least She's humorous a guy called her her old neighborhood in New York and she asked him if she had ever done him She said she had done almost everyone in that neighborhood. She better watch it. I'll tell you that right now Can you imagine if we did that? Everyone in the neighborhood? No, I'm talking about if we said that on this show Duffham he'd be hyper ventilating he'd be doing cartwheels in a hallway there I don't know if this never will make it or not, but someone should rip the sheets of paper out of Franken's hands and time to just be himself No, I think everything he's doing is scripted Right when he was doing that speech that they kept showing over and over again Right likewise he was reading from notes, but even reading from notes He was fumbling and bumbling through the notes. Yeah, he's not a broadcaster I heard you say that we couldn't send a donation for the staff of CC. I'll come out with a checker money already I'll they're paying to be able to send the future of families the credit card now just use the credit card Please, you're five bucks a week on if you don't debit card you the debit card everyone has one They do if you have a checking account Like automatically they you almost can't get one. Yeah, how am I gonna find out how much we got that thing? I know we got a thousand from you and me, but how much we got 30 hours and those they went. They wanted those days I don't know seriously. I don't want to be pushy Eric But what oh, I'm sorry. Well, he's got to be able to be seeing the stuff that's been coming in Yeah, it's I think it gives me a number some of the more bogus which we knew that I front like it always is just like that bogus auction They hit on the measly website So in other words, we can't what you tell me is we can't find out not soon not like right now I want it right now Dammit I want to like 12 30 10 minutes ago Can't find it no, I'm sure he'll get it to it. I work on it when he once he hears me begging and pleading and just yeah He'll do it. He'll wake up from a sound slido. Oh, you whoa I better go on that Just give me a ballpark there. You mean idea how it's going if some people are doing that on that stop FCC dot U.S. So let's see people put their money where their mouth is literally okay Everybody's got a credit card if you don't have one steal somebody else's or just give us some cash It's speaking to cash the last mortgage you ever gonna need it's the only one mortgage from financial group The benefits are just unbeatable you pay zero closing costs zero application fee zero credit for your fee zero discount at points kind of like a top queues I tied directs IQ or top queues I direct zero Get that new low interest rate. It's just 1.25% if you have a hundred thousand loan You pay just 334 a month if you have a 200 thousand loan you pay just 60 eight a month and don't forget once you be finance or get a new home works from financial group You'll never pay closing cost again. So call today. What do you got to lose? Call 1 866 395 land and get that low rate mortgage It's worth the most property with no further cost or expense you pay zero underwriting fees zero dock fees Zero closing costs even when you move to another property get that new low financing rate It just 1.25% you know, I didn't say move your ass this time. I noticed I think once I don't want to get tough upset It's the only one mortgage from financial group. So call today for details 1 866 395 land and never ever pay closing cost again That's 1 866 395 L a and D for the financial group. They're an equal housing lender Restrictions apply rates subject to change monthly 4.21 APR You ain't Huh, he's been checked the updates every hour and you people aren't donating squad by the way We'll have to do y way yet not you he There You'll never have me Well, what? Sorry, Steve, but Randy, Little bit you with dreams. Go in down life, Stinking highway is that sad. Long we clown. Everyone knows the only one who's here. We go in the clouds. Med, blood shot and wasted. Talking trash with us, smile. You had so pure ass, and a banana. Right, come. You know, I don't know why. You know, I don't know why. You know, you better. See, some bad, we get those updates about Randy, because she's going to kick ass maybe. I don't know. I just heard the wrong thing. Maybe Josh can make the decision. Okay. I've weathered a proceed with this thing or not. Maybe I'm dreaming. Maybe I'm in a fantasy land. Because Eric says we've raised 1297 bucks so far, but it's stopped by FCC.us for this head. 900 and yours. So that means from the whole audience out there, so far we got 297 bucks. In almost three hours and last hour, it has with a dime. See what I'm saying? Oh, yeah, if you put that on there, Neil, you're going to be a little bit more like a little bit more. Well, I don't know what you're saying. Well, we don't see it yet, and I realize that maybe some people are in their car. Some people are in their trust day. I think you're part in just the first day. No, but you're missing the point between you and yours truly. We put in a thousand dollars. And there's 1200. And then you're not letting me finish, okay? All right. Don't interrupt. What I'm thinking is that because Eric has already pointed out to me before we started this endeavor. That refunding people's money is a real major pain in the ass, especially if there are a lot of people that don't know it like five bucks. And you see what I'm saying? And I don't want to end in bark on something that's going to turn out to be a joke that's going to turn out to be a bomb. And then we're going to have to refund everybody's mind. Well, we gave it a shot, but you people don't want to cut loose with it. And it cash. And maybe they don't. You see, it was like, well, with our fundraiser for charity, the last couple of years, it's unbelievable. Yeah. So put your head together there. Put your thinking cap on. I don't know. What do you say? I said, let's do the week. Let's see what where it goes. Goes down on my hand basket is what it goes to me. Stop FCC dot US. I mean, it's got that big banner there on our website. We got 80 billion hits on a website already. Almost a couple of hundred thousand. It's not even on a clock yet. 1322, but they're all looking at Barbara Cabrera and Miguel Cabrera doing it. I'll see. I can't say that. I can say what they're doing. 1322, I mean, somebody else put in 25 bucks. Son of a disease, giving you these periodic. Why doesn't he go to sleep? I'm getting real nervous about him. He needs some sleep until the show's over. Okay. Well, seriously, if you folks are breathing out interest in that, and like I said, a minute ago, I'm not kidding. I'm kidding myself. And how many times have I said to you one year? This, this, this, this is a thinking that you're going to make a difference in South Florida being on WQA. I'm on a sports station with this, a marginal signal. Well, what difference are we going to make? And look at those numbers, man. Does that reflect anything? No, just be fresh to turn sound on a year anymore. That's all. They're not going to boycott clear channel. They're going to listen to what they're going to like. They don't care. They don't give a crap. Just like they're not going to blow a boycott Walmart. And take a look at the polls for crying out loud. Have to people still think that Busha is a president. And I'm going to sit here on the ear on this radio station with a static, like that, and make a difference. You, it's your fault. Yeah. It's my fault. Don't you think it's his fault, Josh? Say yes. Sure. See? Told you. Ha ha ha ha. Oh. In fact, if you could find up right now, he wasn't hiding under the desk for that grotesque thing he did. See, that's what he said. You're too. It's your fault. We're not bringing me back to reality. Plants. I'm going to see the cruise record. Luis Miguel, like we used to do. Right. Now they're tuning in. All those little, uh, Venus man. They're tuning in. They're little, uh, antennas are going up. Yeah. See. Yeah. See. There's just zoomed over to five sixty now. To give a little more of that flavor. I can't say what flavor it was. But that comes something like that. Oh, and by the way, white waterdale is forming it the mouth. I wouldn't be surprised if you make a contribution. That usually happens. No, you're money no why? Okay. I started. I mean, I heard a rumor that he's really, uh, very upset with a man's been a channel tank because they won't let him talk about eating. Any more? Under the, you know, current environment. What is it going these days? So I don't know. Anyways, far as the fundraising thing, man, it's off to not just a slow start. It's off to no start. And that's really, very sad. That last hour I can understand because we were bogged out with a rating stuff. And maybe we shouldn't even talk about the ratings anymore. When they come in, we'll just examine them. We'll come on the next day and say, here's what they were. Here's what everybody had instead of, you know, or do you think we're going to kind of a tradition? We've been doing it for a hundred years. Why? Or just wait for the book or something. Yeah. The extrapolations. Right. Because it's a tuna. There's about how many people in the business are there listening. They're waiting to hear something that might tell whether they still have a job or not. And the rest of the people they don't give a crap. Well, they had a point five and how they got a point four. Well, what does that mean? Who knows? It means that they might as well shut it down. We got people in the building still don't know what that means. Exactly. What's the point? WM line nine. George? Neil. Neil. How are you? Pretty good. George? I've spoken to you a couple of weeks ago. I met George at the one of those auto medley-quality people. Oh boy. Well, that's not a good sign. How you doing? OK. Let me ask you something. Yeah. Ask me anything you want. I'm a big fan of you shows and I love what you guys do. I'm an environment with the FCC is ridiculous when I did go on your web. I mean, on the FCC and signed up for it. What I'm wondering is why are you not a friend of El Franken? Am I not a fan of El Franken? Not as a broadcaster. I like his books. Yeah, he looks or excellent. Right. I like the sat there that he writes. I think he's a great writer or a really good writer. I'm not a fan of him on the years. Not a broadcaster. Just because somebody's a good writer. Have you ever seen Bob Woodward interviewed on television? Yeah. Well, he's a great writer and a great journalist. But he's one of the most wooden people. I've seen him before. Bob Woodward. I mean, I can see that. I believe he was. Yeah. I'm the same with El Franken. He's like a mannequin. Right. Yeah. Well, I think it was his first day and you've got to give him a little time. No, but I've seen him before. I mean, he was on MSNBC last night. He was the same deadpan. I mean, emotionalist performance. And he, if you're going to be on a radio, you have to have like a little something a little possessed. Yeah. And there's some animation. You can't see there like a dead man. Did you happen to see him on a Letterman show last week? No. I don't watch Letterman. Yeah. It was very, very good. He was very funny that night. He is a funny guy. But he's not a broadcaster. Yeah. But the only thing I'm thinking is when you're kind of cracking on a little bit, I'm thinking, hey, because I'm not saying to meet in this country. You know, we should all stick together. I'm not the way to wait a minute. So, in other words, you're telling me that because I agree with his opinions, rather than giving my honest opinion, you want me to just say, but in an outbreak, it is really kicking ass. He's been on the, I'm not saying that, but don't, you know, I mean, Republicans got enough crap. Yeah. That's not the, that's not the, sir, your way way off there. Have a great life, man. I don't want to waste my time with this. It's like the people who say, oh, well, you know, if you say that about Al Gore, then he's going to lose the election. Or if you say that about John Kerry about how you're talking about. You're like, good, Dracula. It's all your fault right. I'm going to tell you the way I see it. Okay. I don't think Al Franken is a broadcast. Do I think he's always going to go over like, Halivine's Jerusalem on a bed day when everybody's home. See, they don't know what that last part meant. That's called leaving an opening. So I just, I think it's a bomb. Okay. It's what I think. I totally, that before they put it on the air. Liberals do not listen to one dimensional radio. Okay. Nobody under the age of 100. It's the old yentres again. Like we had to. And then that went out with the high button shoes. Just look at our market for crying out loud. Look at WNWS. Look at WNZ. Look at the light bulb. FtL of the first one. Look at all of these things. They're all gone. Part of these things. Because all those people who listen to that, they're all dead. They're all over the age of 400. I resent that when somebody starts wold you. If you say that, and then not only that, what impact do I have is the on and our market. So what the hell difference am I going to make? There's nobody here in me outside of South Florida, except a few people on the internet somewhere. And those people are listening because they want to hear my opinion. Not because they want to hear something that somebody else tells me to say. Man, that's just such an ass-in-eye attitude. I mean, who which candidate did I like in the beginning before we ever hear you heard much about Howard Dean? John Kerry, okay? Am I excited though that John Kerry is running? No. I don't know. I don't know. Because it's somebody beside Bush. That's all. Who isn't Ralph Nader? Who's got maybe a chance to win? But if you ask me who's best qualified, who'd be the best man to run against Bush, I certainly wouldn't have you. John Kerry? I'd rather see Michael more run for president. Yeah. Be chained. There you go. Maybe put on a little different clothes. Different baseball cap. Right. That would be good. Put on your outfit. What'd be good? Good enough for Mike Myers. It's good enough for Michael Moore. Nice maple leaf outfit. Anyway, let's play some hockey and one or two hours. That guy just, it's just, see, this is the light bulb mentality again. And folks, it just ain't going to happen. You can, you can want it to happen. You can be rooting for it to happen. It's not going to happen. I've been doing this too long. Look at us. Look at what is show. We're fighting again. I mean, to try to fight again when the right wingers get the die. The ones who listen to the show, they're not going to put it down. Are they? No. Even though they're pious and good Christians and certainly much whole year, then all of us. But they're not going to put it down. And it's not against the 50% of South Florida who only speaks English once convenient. So what the, you know, we're up against it. And we're still hanging on pretty good. We had a nice comeback there in this trend. But we're up against the odds, man. We're fighting it. We're swimming upstream. And when you're working for this kind of Chinti money, man, that means they're really tough. That's a good room. In the fourth video, five, six, six. You a yeah. The water's too low. He punched his way to an Oscar. Now the Italian style. He just wanted to sing his way to a Grammy with a little help from his friends. It's fly and a family's still on. Right. It's a fabulous fan. It's a fabulous fan. You're a good. It's a fabulous fan. It's done quite as duels his tango and cash. Which semester's tomorrow? Since along with Slystone, he makes a sound that you don't hear every day. As all on and so on, it's Kobe Dobe Dobe. Roamer beer. That you. Aaaaaaah. A baby baby. Yeah. Hey, come baby. Here's a scene that will have you say stop for my mom's shoot. Get your ears ready for Sly and the family's still on. Yo. I want to thank you for letting me. Being my self. Like this. Who goes this crap? Follow him. And he's even real worth. Hey, man. You pump your FIST to this over the top. Rocky and roll. It's Sly and a family's still on. A little more randle records. And demolition madness. Quiet. What a one at five sixty. W.C. We got the Mad Dog at two of the humpers off today. We got the. Ch tros. Improv. It's a gackie. Joe is a gackie at four. W.C. Will apologize and advance, then the panthers stuff. I edit the texts at the hockey game. What you hear this, you just want to throw in your tool. All right, I'm strapped in Still. Pull. Most Americans agreed bush was lacks on terror, before 9 11. But. A majority of Americans still support bush's record on security. Can you, uh, rationalize? Sounds to me, Mark Robert. Right. Isn't that even for more readers? The pull by the L.A. Times found that 52% of Americans agreed with charges by former official Richard Clark. The Bush failed to take the threat of terrorism seriously and up before the attacks while 40% disagreed. That's a pretty wide margin, 52 to 40, the other 8% are going, a little bit of money mean. That even larger share, 57% agreed with Clark that Bush placed a higher priority on invading Iraq than a combatting terrorism. This is unbelievable. The Los Angeles Times survey of 1616 Americans taken March 27 to about... ...but third man! Also found that 56% approved of Bush's handling of the war on terrorism and 59% believed he had made the company more secure, a figure little changed since November. Those findings are significant for an election year, which Bush was called himself a war president as made his leadership of the fight against global terrorism, a major campaign theme. This is absolutely unbelievable. 57% agree with Richard Clark that Bush placed a higher priority on invading Iraq than a combatting terrorism. We have that story today from the Washington Post about Condolese and the speech he was going to make on September 11, 2001, about the priorities of the administration of which terrorism was weighed on list. Like I said, I've sitting here doing that break and I'm thinking to myself, I'm an idiot, I'm an imbistil, I'm a moron, that's the word, that's the word I'm looking for. All right, say it again. Moron, moron, moron, moron, moron. Right. Just like the fight about so far, say our first amendment rights that I did like 19 years ago, did anybody, nobody gave a flying cramp like I said before, the National Association of Broadcasters, you're not about how hard is what you are. On you, Karabat is how much this whole deal is going to change your bottom line. You don't give a flying crap about whether they're free to speak anymore, about whether the audience can be entertained or not the way that they're used to being. And the way they enjoy you don't care about that. For this below, I beg your pardon, 1412. Well, maybe we're going to make some progress. Maybe they need to kick any ass. Maybe it's my fault for all that waiting crap. That's probably a big part of it. That's a tune out. This business, the idea that prostitution is illegal in America is bull crap. You want to know why? Why? Just look at us. Yeah. Look at the business. This is the life we have chosen. Prostitution. That's all radio is all about. In fact, radio and records, rather than really screaming and hovering, which is supposed to be the Bible of the industry. The last week or two, what they've been writing about is, well, this one says that the bottom line will not be affected by the FCC and the indiesians and cracked down and all the other crap. That's all I care about. Just show us the bottom line. I've been telling the audience for years. We're not here to entertain. You were just here to squeeze as much money out of the public because we possibly can. Just like that sign. You look up on the wall. They're right here. Right up on the wall. Right above the pictures of the grave robbers are sales department. And it says, just give us the. Fucking money is what it says. That's the motto. Not just of QAM. Not just at Beesley Broadchasing Corporation. But that's radio and that's television. We're in business. But we had a nice 73 share to remain in February. We'll take it. Ha ha ha ha. Oh. WCMQFM. My god. That is just positively. Oh, yeah. See, I think you can go out this afternoon. I'm going to buy every Espanol oldie. It's ever come down to play. I think we're doing damn good for broadcasting in the foreign country. Right. That's correct. I'd love to see the breakdown between Dayton Broward Counties. We can't do that till we get the final book in. I just can't wait to see the and Broward. I mean, I whole audience, I think, is it? Wow. People are we got listening in Dave. But. Yeah. And once we got in Broward, they're all packing up. Get ready to move up to a bokeh. And those people are pushed. They're pushing them up the store. The far enough. The far enough. They're all ready up in Jupiter and Uranus. Love is a border. The border, the St. Mary's River, the original territory. We're going to retake the whole thing. Oh, good God. So I don't know whether I'm just spinning my wheels again. I have a feeling the answer is yes. There's nobody cares. If the other broadcasters in this industry, including for rail and some of the other people, if there were really a push on that stuff, FCC campaign, one little guy started New York, one Howard Stern's listeners. And if they were pushing them way out of like I've been doing the last two weeks, he'd have two million signatures by now. Instead of, you know, having to take out money to get the ads to promote it. Look at that Florida 1497. We can't even get to 15,000. We're 266 behind Texas. And the Grand Total 138, 750, and almost 140,000. I mean, I give a lot of credit to this guy to get 140,000 signatures from all across the country, which is one website. In fact, if you take a look, because every time you click on it, or choose it the last five people who sign the petition for their from. Oakland, California, Demerous, New Jersey, Chester, Pennsylvania, Plinus, Massachusetts, Shiloh, Georgia. Maybe that's one of the kind of kind of thing for railplugging those things. But if some of these people are the national audience, if they would promote this thing, just for a couple of days, then we could make a difference. Then we could open some people's eyes in ears. Get some attention. But no, because they've all got their own agenda. And because the public is busy watching what you heard, I like to see him heard a lot. And when you're hung, I'd like to see him on too. I'm not talking about what you're thinking about either. Don't think about the same thing. No. There's our hopes leads to strip searches. Okay. Haller convinces restaurant managers to strip search workers and customers. Alright. This is great. How is this? From the DC News, so it might be true. The restaurant managers across the country have been receiving strange phone calls from someone urging them to strip search employees or customers to see if they have stolen property. The latest incident occurred last week in Arizona when a Taco Bell manager got a call from a claiming to be a police officer who urged the manager to strip search a female whom the call was said it stole in a pocketbook. Authority said the male manager pulled aside a 17 year old female customer who fit the description given by the caller and then carried out the search which included a body cavity search. Oh no. Correct. Jesus Christ. We have a very bizarre situation occurring not only in Fountain Hills, Arizona, but across the nation, a very bizarre scheme said sure Joseph R. Payo of Veracopa County, Arizona. My detectives are working full-time on this investigation. Investigators say there have been dozens of similar cases going back as far as 1990-9 involving Burger King, when these Applebees and other restaurants. Applebees. In addition to Arizona, similar incidents involving both male and female managers conducting searches of imported Massachusetts, South Dakota, Indiana, Utah, Ohio, Arizona, Michigan, I'm sorry. No arrest of it. I've been made a connection with the calls in Arizona. I mean like that. So somebody calls in and convinces the manager to strip search the workers and the customers claiming that they have stolen property on him. What an idiot. And what a lawsuit. Yeah. Oh, major major lawsuit. Me, hand. I mean look at that. South Dakota, Indiana, Utah, Ohio, Massachusetts. Wow. What a list. Somebody get my daughter to go Wendy. I would never go to Applebees. No. I used to work there. Did you really work at Applebees in one of the areas in the Sun sunrise? Which one? Cool springs. Oh, cool springs. Where I'd be. Oh, no. But all I'm punks and gangs up there in cool springs. Yeah. You get in the room or even a rumors got out of cool spring. That's because they couldn't get any females there. Waiter or cooker. It's a waiter. Yeah. All right. I am no. Maybe I'm being unfair. Maybe he'll be his null iPad. That's not very good. It's not. It used to be a sponsor. My long time ago, but that's long time. Nevertheless, week. Yeah. Anyway. Well, let me ask you this. If you were to compare the house of cakes. Okay. And there are too many open anymore. But if the international house of pancakes against Applebees, which would you say was better? I know. I know. That's why I picked up our pennies here. Denny. You know, this is tomorrow's poll. Yeah. We are going to do like we've done that. I mean, like when these no places, I'm not going to do that fast food. But just places like sit down places. Yeah. Like, like, put it in the pancake house and, uh, put it in all those. What? Perkins is better than all the ones you mentioned. Oh, it perkins is pretty good. Now, what about, uh, what's that one? Oh, gee. It's right over by me on sunrise there. I'm going to put you on the cookie. The hoochie, hoochie, not the black eyed p. They went on the business. No, no, not black eyed p. No hoochie, hoochie, hoochie would like, um, oh, geez. Something's got, huh? Chilly's. Chilly's. Chilly's. That's the one. He's the guy. I thought he could focus on the chilly's. Yeah, or that. What a chilly's is, uh, the food is to the original. Great. Great. Yeah. If you want beer and chips definitely. Chilly's is great. Yeah. Yeah. to so we'll do that tomorrow get off all this heavy duty stuff how much we got on the uh... thing stop FCC dot u s just fourteen twelve still the same fourteen twelve the last update on uh... one of the company every thirty seven yeah hard ass i want to see forget any action on their man this is a big undertaking that's what we're too him there said look what happened now he's dead to gigantic undertaking uh... son that's what we want we're not getting it they're driving me down now this is good see they're getting even with me after i really care about this kind of amusing america's best radio talk show host non sports is the orages to well-in lead forty seventy three but only sixty one point a percent after i made a comment about sixty five percent or less would be a real shot to my ego i don't have any ego but they took that seriously and a ran a voter for anybody else they could how it's done one-off for fill Henry forty eight Randy Rhodes forty four fill is a head of randy are you sure al Franken fort rush limbo twenty four al Franken fourteen and you know if we don't if we don't promote al Franken i'm gonna be making a bad mistake you don't understand that don't you and your trader right uh... that guy just the frosted my ass that was idiotic we're talking about a broadcaster okay you think al Franken is gonna decide the next election no i don't fourteen forty seven that's terrible bill or alia doesn't michael savage speaking a terrible he's got nine he ought to be in jail chan had a eight scott for else six six for scott he's moving up patch nits got five art bill for doctor or three alis rentale three don't i'm a street allie nor two com lecus has a pair and go and let me find a god one all right let's hear it really old uh... mouse eater seven hundred sixty nine votes that's okay not be doubt a fifty percent not be doubt a thirty percent i don't want to care about dot to it and i didn't do it for that purpose trust me when i tell i'm only here for one reason and one reason alone twelve and a chapter one at five sixty w q m fourteen hundred and some on bus of which we put in the thousand i you know i'd be a verse to put that total on the air is what i'd be when you that's the first day i understand that but it's already quarter after one we were arick listen you know what we went through to get that thing on there today and it's the summer solts which is probably good for them but i mean had to go through a jump through hoops to get that thing ready so people could get on there because all these people well why don't we we want to know let us know when we can help i'm gonna donate a hundred bucks and i'm gonna do this we're waiting for you okay we're waiting for some of our uh... i'm gonna enter my seat i'm peeing my pants to right now take out the made eight come to the last one's day stop fcc dot u s we made a nice inconvenient for it is a big fat link right there at the top on the arages dot com that stop fcc dot com you're even doing that i'm talking about underneath that stop fcc dot u s us as in let's raise that money to put that at it because it did i'm telling you right now and i hope arick is uh... hang it on every word because i don't want to give him a whole lot work more than he's already done but if this anchor to fly next couple of days then we'll just stop and give her right there money back right okay that it's got to be done we have to do that because i can't we just in good conscience can't do that people and maybe should disturb the thing in the first place is just that when you're going home about something in field strongly but if you're all right everybody's behind you yeah and uh... you know you start running in your community i'd be behind you all right over the fifty hours back up the road and they're turned into the other direction too we take the little money we raise and buy whatever ad we can afford like a classified in the harrel oh yeah we're gonna waste people's money on a classified in the harrel yeah i know what you got in mind and it's got nothing to do with ads in the newspaper oh it's a good cause though yeah oh oh oh let's see how much was that washer and rarer fourteen after one at five sixty wms a matter of fact i'll tell you what let's auction off the washer and rarer the old one oh it's related to go on a busy auction start a road yeah that's how we got some money let's see what i got around here okay got a pair of old headphones here that i don't use that on worth a crap i bet you that five autographed and they'd be worth like fifty thousand dollars he's a member when fill auctioned off your cigar but no idea okay uh huh to auction off my butt yes he did got through digits for it i'll be done yeah one of them was for me was this digit one fifteen at five sixty wqm if you're an aded and job like maybe working in radio get out please before it's too late trust me what i tell you do not get in this business man it's a killer if you're underpaid if you're overworked if they treat you like crap here's the answer get yourself some training and you don't have to have money to go to college in waste four years your life all you have to do is make one easy call to fast train one eight six six fast train and i guarantee you by the time you get off the phone you're already be smarter than Todd Drette in fact before you make the call fast drink and have you trained in certified for a great high-paying computer network professional career and assure the time is four months that's true you can be fully trained and ready for that great new career in just four short months time fast train offers day evening weekend classes to fit around your schedule the offer job placement assistance financially the people who qualify and would seven convenient floor to location to serve you there's body one fairly close by use so check them out on the web if you like a fast train dot come right after you make our donation to stop FCC dot us u.s check them out at fast train dot common and make that call that can really give you a new high-paying career and make your life worthwhile so you won't have to run around sand i have no line column today at one eight six six fast train this is twitch winning a five six two a m all agreed schwer ficou Here. Here. Here. Here. Here. Here. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. There. Don't fall and cast the fire. Under old, mighty heart to be. Sheed from all the chest to fire. A litre of history! Do not act a dream. Sheed, don't fall and cast the fire. Sheed only, hands and sheed, the oil to the body. Here. Sheed from all the chest to fire. you one twenty one five sixty i think you had a good idea though you know and i was will just uh... do our fund raisers long is uh... couple weeks and then whatever we have that however big of an ad we uh... can afford that's what again sure i mean i was kidding about the herald clasp i'd obviously no you weren't free no you weren't in the boat and america what is arick dubbing the smart assie emails me i i like to e-gay you you're gay for example it's the sixteenth of a page ten thousand six hundred twelve of a page thirteen for so there's a more ways to uh... cut the official for friamb or eat them five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen of the rise of our last just that people aren't like uh... they're not motivated man they're not spontaneous they're not like whipped up to a frenzy do not like uh... it's not fired up on here someone say that exactly and for that john and lake worth anybody else that called the goddess yesterday for example on her opening day would seem to me and i don't know maybe somebody tried to do what i have no idea because i heard ten minutes that they're helping us out without mentioning my name or anything associated with qaim just helping with this thing with a uh... freedom of speech issue when stop at cc.com this is a very major important thing to everybody in anybody it's not part of the man that's the problem and there just as many uh... well maybe not as many but there are a hell of a lot of silly liberals out there just like there are silly conservatives all the people are professionally on one side professionally on earth this is got nothing to do with it and this may be in very just like they got it was bitching the afternoon supporting al franken i'll tell you right now john carry when it comes to the issue of gay marriage out to lunch no balls when it comes to this issue free speech no balls so don't give you a son and answer about well all the people over here they're good ones and these people are the evil doers well there's plenty of the was over there on a far right for the problem is at the other people are weak need to jellyfish they're like your operation advantage of their the muffler lady or can't say that w qaim hello for a good i think that's it i'd even uh... yeah how are you doing i'm whipped up i don't know why yeah i don't blame it have you heard this thing uh... from move on to the republican national committee is pressing the federal election commission to issue new rules that we cripple groups that they're yes you know that because they're crap it you see today today for example on cn and they've been writing that one ad where they're quoting which are carcassio bush and they're and what a week leader he isn't about how he wasn't involved in anti-terrorism until it was too late they're shown at about eighty times already on cn so anyway that's why they are right wing is a crap it in their pants because they realize that move on a lot of these other organizations are going to raise millions and i was so so what they're really saying is it's okay for us to raise all of this money and i have two hundred million dollars to reelect this boso but if you people find a way to do it uh... then that's bad right right so good like that right now the but the fact of the matter is move on is doing one hell of a job and a great job and so are you thanks thank them so i see there's a guy that like thanks we're doing something we got what we got one we got one what yeah we got all of the uh... all of the i'm dropping like a rock here on his pool uh... will show you new i will want to i care i'm gonna be a pain in the work i get seventy percent if i got a hundred percent doesn't make any different no it just when you watch the way these people react and a whole behavior or course keep in line the online thing too you know oh my god the chat rooms remember that fact we had a couple days ago it is a what we need now is a chat room oh my god i just about chat when i read that they got plenty go find your one you have what i just said yes that was c-h-a-t and of this rich factor you actually um... facts that okay says love randy but didn't want to hear her show on a and doesn't want to don't want to hear it on x-m you're right uh... well what does it what does that mean i don't know didn't want to hear her show on a-m don't want to hear it on x-m i don't know what he means by that he just doesn't like your listen to her hey listen i wish you're all the best in the world and you know somebody's going to be saying oh when you're just jealous that she's on all you know something at in a way in a way i am not jealous of her i don't be grudge her when you think but i wish that i would have uh... years ago back before i was at the end of the line had a a re-lagent that knew something about radio and got me on nation one i could have been a contender i know every once in a while i think of that and then i look at my bank balance i say who gives a crap you know right now anyways is your right brackets not a broadcast or grapple was uh... tourners not funny and every time you uh... the spot are you stuck in a uh... something job i think of old poor George said it's packed at it see now you start a lack of a little bit better or maybe it maybe that's a shot whatever hey judges doing okay he's scramble and you know he's raising his uh... six kids there for that is why don't know about you have put right couple of the way she's got you by the ball which is she finds out about those three in color for anyway twenty six past while at least she deserves whatever uh... she gets you know i mean i mean i have nothing against her and i don't know where all i do but i i had i harbour a tremendous grudge about what she did you would i kid yeah and that call it and still and i'm sitting in my apartment and still and i get this in coherent call from little George here and uh... about how well i'm gonna be able to give him my extra bonus that summer because i had done it the previous year and the adiati adiati and then all of a sudden like in the middle of the conversation the whole conversation changes like well you continue having a good time and i'm thinking what what is this man saying what languages he's only uh... we working for the room yeah well you continue having a good time yeah but he was an answer to me that all of a sudden there was another baby on a way that went far enough history yeah wow oh my god yeah now that's what i was reaching for i'm not used to my god so we used to the fart noises down here on a bottom bank man can't pay them fart noises no more but we can certainly play oh my god yeah so i uh... that business about trapping somebody into a life of wall and misery on welfare media i can't wait to tremendously okay which is why i've been checking out e-gay yeah so all those people that are listening to our kids gay you know here there's probably are those moments when he only wishes sure yeah especially like which one goes home i'm local here's for radio five sixty two a-m hurricanes it's all are they stand by for news while out one morning in the park a jugger found a brand new tennis ball and seeing no one around it might belong to he's lifted into his pocket into his pocket in his shorts later on his way home he stopped at the pedestrian crossing waiting for the lights to change a girl standing next to him i the large balls in his shorts what's that she asked her eyes gleaning with lust tennis ball said the man oh said the girl sympathetically that must be painful i had tennis elbow once now page two a chinese man arranges for a hooker to come to his room for the evening once in a room a and rest climb into bed and make love when finish the chinese man jumps up runs over to the window takes a deep breath dives under the bed climbs out the other side jumps back into the bed with a hooker and performance the hooker isn't press with the gusto of the second encounter when finished the chinese man jumps up runs over to the window takes a deep breath dives under the bed climbs out the other side jumps back into the bed with the hooker and begins again the hooker is amazed at this sequence is repeated for times i'll say it again for times during the fifth encounter she decides salt try this myself so when they're done she jumps up goes to the window takes a deep breath of fresh air dives under the bed and finds four chinese man call for a day good day one thirty two five six to the other two ways to hear this this is a panic what began remember we watched at the other day that bush beach and a kid in the audience yet and the on the stage behind him what began on David letterman's later was a comedy bit needling present a bush turned into a comedy of air is when seeing an incorrectly reported that the White House had cried foul then letterman apparently not getting CNN's message that have made the mistake until he was well and was Tuesday broadcast only heightened the confusion a whole thing started during a collection of video clips let him in showed mondanda the label George's wibbosian figurates america's youth one showed bush at a march rally in Orlando standing at a letter with several listeners behind him among them a boy in his early teens who had barely stay awake while bush spoke the young man yon twisted his head checked his watch in general he seemed dead on his feet two day morning CNN attempted to lighten its news moved by running the segment credited to CBS later with David letterman on its CNN live today program but then CNN host during kagan added were being told by the White House that the kid is funny is he was was edited into that video which would explain why the people around him really weren't reacting later during CNN's live from the truth was the White House never complained and the footage was real are you ready for that i'm still speechless i'm sitting here with my mouth again Tuesday night letterman airtaken in philips the skeptical remarks and ran it and out now to 100% absolute lie the kid absolutely was there and absolutely was doing everything we pictured via the video tape so when you cast your vote November you're just remember the White House was trying to make me look like a dope oh nice going David but then CNN owned up to its own mistake in place to call the letterman's new or headquarters before the 530 p.m. taping began but they was already rolling before letterman got the word according to this he said during the show referring to an indist carton his graph CNN just phone and the anchor woman miss spoke they never got a comment from the White House it was a CNN mistake so then he wailed now i've called the White House liars you know what that means they're gonna start looking at my taxes haha haha haha haha oh those CNN spokeswoman Christina Robinson noted that we frequently air late night comedy show clips on Thursday she confirmed the misunderstanding among our staff surrounded the yawning boy video meanwhile kagan made an honor show of contrition Dave we apologize for the ears she said offering to come on a show for a stupid human trick that's cute but the most important part of that whole story is that it was for real oh god that was unbelievable and how many times did we see that on CNN last two days thought it was great not enough let's see frank says i see a major problem you were complaining earlier we're trying to keep from playing a bit that bleeps out of word that isn't even there i think you missed a point of them saying not to play it the bleep itself represents something dirty nasty sexual basically the thought police it has a bleep which are there you know you frank you don't get it say though they don't want to plus the plate without the good enough bleep see even though there's nothing behind it he isn't get it all another thought remember Alice Bennett i don't either but i do remember he used to say the word cheesecates that were 99% of us call women's privates so i said if you want to okay oh hey frank get some help okay before it's too late please here he says i think that guy talking about randy on xam is talking about the all american network itself it's on channel 167 that's right that's what he's talking about curie i just wonder what he meant by he didn't want listen to our anam and don't want listen to around their either i just don't want listen to it that's rich factor for you back stever anyway gregan cruel springs would look to me on this fact now you you got it there still yep i had a different name before um he white he did a little white out there and all the setting became gregg in cruel springs you see underneath i believe there's this Steve or something under there but then it became gregg correct says huh you're correct dirnial last that i tuned in amer america n i's em radio i had chosen it has chosen to carry forth to the broadcast as a lifelong liberal i was hoping to hear a fast paced funny and satirical presentation of world events without the predictable reactionary soil of the company's most talk radio today soil when i heard was dull and boring right i i that al frank and they man he is just ponderous it could not hold my interest i think you're absolutely correct when you say that liberal neurocasting radio one five much of an audience with liberals i think we need a more eclectic misive programming a nial rages for a benefit of suzy of subrussian the key bar interest the bot there's one word gregg or whatever your name is that needs to be thought of all the time and that is entertaining it has to be entertaining rushes obnoxious as i find him he is listened to by all these people because they find him entertaining even the didowads is that whatever you say rush what they find him entertaining he's a shoman he'd be the first one to tell that it says well uh it was only the first day i'm gonna give them some time even though your criticism see right on point maybe they can find a way to make liberal talk radio work no anyway while i was still on xm last night i thought i would tune in my old buddy fill Henry on the next channel guess what xm is replaced him with Michael savage is that i run all my god Michael savage who is the only person even farther to the right than filled it could come up with you okay wow Michael savage how he can be on the air anywhere is just astonishing to me amazing how's that pull and we did we put Michael savage on our pool yeah we did we put them all on there if they're on any states that's over ten watts that anybody knows the color is up which is why mr. ego is not on there and his his tenus the defense tomorrow morning oh steve neal rages wouldn't put you on that frame of you all right right i sure wish i had all those funny body parts we could start working on him america's vestalk radio host non sports is neal rages 531 61.3% not that good not that strong drop it like a rock Howard Stern one thirteen Randy Rhodes 55 fill Henry 54 that's the battle right there neck and neck nose to nose was this before after she got the nose drop all i forgot all about that rush live box 24 don't be picking on Randy see it always comes out man always you deny you deny that all of a sudden like when you're going to say that's that's forgot all about it right that her bad nose job is bad she looks so bad rush live box 24 out frankin 15 you only did one show he's already got 15 the best talk show host in america he ain't even easy better than Francisco a ruka oh Francisco a ruka is the best way to show on him what what what time is he on i don't know she had only known he's right i know that he was coming even better bill or rally 12 bill or rally is right on al frankins but which is kind of interesting see and that's another thing al frankin ought to keep in mind is that bill or rally is not the issue i know he's got this personal battle with him going back and forth the only people care about bill or rally are the right wing lunatics that watch fox network who's his radio show to have enough listeners to fill a phone booth in any market he can't even put a dent in rush's uh one rush's oxy pills okay much less into his ratings but uh somebody auto works explain these things Michael savages got eleven Scott for else got eleven he's moving up the one is dad trying to get the shmit my students got seven what you art bell seven uh alice rent tells got four she's got four let's see what an alice rent tell Charlie christ and the might mark fully okay uh don i'm as four doctor or three time like his three oly north two and g Gordon lily still got one it's uh kind of everything 800 79 votes so far oh how we make it progress on the thing got enough date now how much you're up to two grand not a reason how that we are close oh well take a look at him take a piece seven how much but that was a while ago 1547 oh it's so slow man 1547 and a thousand of that is you and me if if a piker like George and i really mean this if he can afford to donate a hundred bucks because he feels stronger than about the cause of what's the best of your story huh in softfooter where they got more money than the carters got pills i'm not talking about the slippers out there we understand and if you can afford a couple of bucks that would be nice if not we do understand but i'm talking about the people with the serious bucks cut it loose baby cut it loose when it doubt reaching that pocket get that wallet out and yank out that visa and master card and american distress and get with it 19 till two the mad dog coming along at two he's pissed off oh i'm cohelf NT 0 Swings mudvar warranty rum til 13 I'm laughing in the cold Hey, my prophesies, that world will be jeszcze Go back! To save! Then share in the warm To your tip Now they  They want it Take them home Don't forget how soon God We got it Now we're up on the same You got it We know the time is so long You got it Praise for the sparking To the world We say none or none This is what they got You're too old Can't get any gum or the little home All they could do You believe what they say And they can't like the ball I'm a fool I've been you and they But still you stay for the fall Oh, they're true To the electric ball We got it We got it We got it We got it One 46 at 560 You want your man? We got him at 2 We got Joseph Gacky at 4 You want him? He's coming anyway Nothing will deter Joe from his appointed rounds And you know what? Joseph Gacky sucks OK OK Fighting words Now somebody called us about this yesterday And I hadn't heard this story And here it is now Former noted named Great Paul Hornning Who's a real F***hole May have landed in somehow water When discussing how the Irish the in order to input ball team Can improve their fortunes Hornning told he towards AM1270 The sports station W. XYT I still It hurts me even to say that Yeah Because it used to be W. XYZ That would be like W. ABC in New York Change Center Collators to W. AB Anna I mean Anyway He told the sports station on Tuesday That noted named Must ease up on its economic restrictions Because we got to get the black athlete We must get the black athlete If we're going to compete Hornning said that no-day M. schedule Factors into his opinion You can't play that type of schedule Hornning said we're playing eight bull teams next year And it's always yearning you're out One of the toughest schedules You can't play a schedule like that unless you have the black athlete today You just can't do it. It's very, very tough still to get it A Notre Dame. They just don't understand it. Yet they want to win I think they do understand it. Paul Hornning also wetted that Notre Dame, which in January Sign a new five year agreement with NBC to Televised its own football games Probably will lose the contract With about $9 million Anyway, if the school doesn't start winning more games Last season, Notre Dame finished at five and seven The third losing season in five years Something that had never happened in the story of the program Touchdown Jesus The losing season contributed to low ratings on NBC Just 2.4 rating per game tied with 2001 for the lowest in the school 13 years on the network Hornning is the only high has been trophy winner to play for Losing team is 56 Notre Dame went 28 And then of course he went on to fame with a green bay Packers, can we say that? And we had a little gambling problem Little booze problem Little female problem No, the several problems But anyway, what an idiot So basically what he's saying is that we must lower the academic standards Because you black folks are stupid And if we're going to let you know get black athletes to play Here we got to lower the standard so we can let all the stupid blacks in there That's what he's saying Now how come he doesn't get fired for whatever he's doing Is he doing anything? No, that's why He makes Jimmy the geek look like I mean that was so sad But they did a Jimmy the geek and all these other guys You know they tell the truth they speak what's really in their mind Oh no, you can't say that Who would have been ripping, well why even go with it? Speaking of dummies President Bush You remember him don't you? Oh that guy The guy that was making the speech while I kidnourlanda was Fidgeting and going to sleep Yeah Now that I know that there was for real, I got to see that again I mean I got to own it Oh yeah Because I kept saying to you I think this is for real No, no, no, no, I said I don't know Because it was real Probably Even I wrote your own call and said Israel President Bush he would have had another big A victory to the social conservatives who make up his most loyal basis political support Decided on an elaborate ceremony decided law legislation Expanding legal rights of the unborn The unborn victims of violence act makes it a crime The harm of fetus during assault on a pregnant woman Bush was signing the bill which took five years to get through And through Congress today in a rose garden People on both sides of the fetal rights and abortion issue Said the new law will have far-reaching consequences Abortion opponents welcome in his step more sweeping toward more sweeping Protecting for the unborn while abortion rights Proponents say the measure represents the first recognition in federal law of an Ambrio or fetuses a person separate from the woman Senator John Kerry Said he won't be against the bill The fetus bill. We don't care about you people who were alive and all those people who are dying over And Iraq needlessly on this wall based on lies. Well, that's not so good. The fact that that Ellie times pool shows that more people by far believe Richard Clark Then condolese and all these other grave robbers and yet And yet they still think he's doing a good job on fighting terror That'd be like voting for the bullet train, but not for the funding for it And who would do that? Oh The bullet train Yeah, those that big call the train. I don't know bullet train. Does it? I have no idea. I don't think so. How could that not be in my DCS? I thought I was like all right up today, but working frantically and favorously Where the hell is that? Full of train? Oh, I haven't put those in there yet. Well, I'll play it No one's here. 10 before two. How's that pull coming? 61.2% just hangin out of that 60 point up plus the thing America's best radio talk show host non sports talk the ORAGERS 555 61.2% just hangin on by thread Howard Stern 120 Randy Rhodes 58 Phil Henry 57 Rush Limbaugh 24 outfrag and 17 after only one show I bet she's got 34 tomorrow 68 the next day 206 the day after that. That's a one you think no bill or Rally 12 Michael Savage and Scott for well got 11 John Hannity's got eight Todd Snitz got seven art bells got seven Don I'm as five Alice ran up at for a dead guy Alice ran till four Dr. Laura four Tom like his three Allie North to and Gordon Liddy still got that same one that he had be Oh, I'm just take the bullet train now you can travel from Key West to Jacksonville in less than 15 minutes on the Florida bullet train Thanks to your well-reserved landslide boat Now put in the bullet train Oh, yeah, hold your chest Oh, come on dad. Why just take the moderate or some barbecue when the bullet train can take you all the way from Tampa right into this game day Where you can explore the tropical barrier reefs made entirely of Cuban view it Who hold up confidence in the credibility of elected officials has finally paid off take the Florida bullet train Which had a information on the Florida bullet train call wait a minute. Oh wait How come every time I hear that I have the same reaction because it's a panic because there's a lot of little stupid people out there Let's hop right on it man all aboard like Chris Moron to say hot dog hop aboard remember him yeah Maybe don't bring Chris Moron back to the piss off guilty do the panther games next season Chris. There won't be any game, so it'll be pretty good doing that 560560 pound I'm not taking anymore calls. I wanted to concentrate on these great ratings Oh, we got a thing here. I'm not what's in where to go 1547 Wait 1597 1597 this just I know what else I want to do before we leave You probably talk about WCMQ FM because it seems to me and I could be wrong and I sure as hell hopes so you know how every now and then like when they first change format on Not a planet yes, and it went through the roof and what was the one and every one of these FMs They get a format change and for like two or three months So many go you know and it becomes like a thing and what about the what was the disco thing they tried on their two before M. I be right on What used to be she she right then it was it was planet and then it was something else M mix Yeah, but mega not there. It was smigma. Oh, I can't see that it was WMG somewhere. That's mega radio and And then now it's my big so they like yeah real hot for like two or three months and then and they're cool down So I think we need to be all that concerned about them, but quit listening to it Anyway stop at CC dot com and I can't get it up here now. Oh, we just did it I was gonna say we need only four more signatures on here to get the 15,000 for Florida 15,000 and six and I'll tell you we've done I think the people have done pretty well with that I'm usually saying oh, you that's all good enough But I am pretty proud of the fact that just do this one show and Jim Phillips up there in Orlando And maybe a couple of other people that may be plugging it around the state We've been able to get that thing really gooseed up there and at 1700 Florida signatures on them when we first discovered it And I think the people have signed on there and email all of their friends and all of their relatives and enemies and neighbors around the US state. I think they've done a beautiful job. Have a new and did now think it just do the same on stop FCC dot us click on that on our website and whip out their Visa Mastercard or American distress and come up with I mean It'll be something between two and a thousand dollars. That means you can donate three bucks You know a three-hour bill, which I think a lot of you can relate to Or 99.99 So I'm gonna toss in another nine something a brother and the George is put in a hundred I'm just gonna say it again if a godlike George is making like 50 cents an hour with two kids I don't want to feed if he can donate a hundred bucks. What? How's it his aster sliding glass door just broke right? And a washer dryer break that I had to buy him a brand new one because of the fact that it was a schlepper I mean and he could donate a hundred bucks in the rest of your life Like that Good cause and how proud we be man when we had that add in the newspaper in USA today and When all of us said the next day we start seeing the signatures coming in by the crap load on stuff FCC dot com and when we get those whipped up and let me say it again, which I should say this more often Because Scott who's behind that petition driving on a fabulous job. He's got that new link on there Use our letter generator to send a letter to your senators So after you sign a petition click on to that and you fill out your name and address and then we click on which state you live in and you're Zico and just click it says generate letters for me to mail and it'll mail letters automatically to your two It's a gram and the Bill Nelson if you live in Florida or whatever state you live in if you're listening on the internet It's a beautiful thing nice going Scott. I don't know if he's listed unless you're not probably not But I just think that guy's fantastic So we had like a few people like him and every state we kick some ass. You know what? We'll have to leave that to the goddess like it 16 17 see over 16 hundred we're gonna get there see how easy he likes to give up Josh Yeah, he was given it up there No, I mean you know I was coming from because Eric especially he said oh, it's so hard to be fun people's money with these deals It all whoa, you know, and he's been working his brains off which isn't saying much But he's been working like crazy to put that thing together get it on there for us today. Thanks again Eric Man, you are unbelievable you're you're something else. I can't say it on here anymore, but you really are something else I'll tell you who's something else the mad dog Jim mad that she's coming up right after the Whatever we do at the top of the hour and then Joseph Gatty at four we apologize in advance This is the amazing