The world's world's world's world's world's world's world's world's world's world's world's world's world's world's world's world's world's world's world's world's world's world's world's world's world's world's world's world's world's world's world's world's world's world's world's world's world's world's world's world's world's world's world's world's world's world's world's world's world's world's world's world's world's world's world's world's world's world's world's world's world's world's world's world's world's world's world's world's world's world's world's world's world's world's world's world's world's world's world's world's world's world's world's world's world's world's world's world's world's world's world's world's world's world's world's world's world's world's world's world's world's world's world's world's world's world's world's world's world's world's world's world's world's world's world's world's world's world level's world's world's world's world [♪ schema president's music plays a century of consumer success, global consumers, pure human rights, even a human nature Infertil Laughter 2013 Shug out the malhour, David and Joe. Absolutely. I don't remember that, uh, juboy that they brought down from New York from the fan. Well, you know, one good juboy does yours another. Anyway, 2005 votes on yesterday's pool, based on all that's happened, what's your current take on a war in Iraq? You people at the voted, I support 100%. And you people really need mental help, but also in a once who say they think it had to be done but was poorly planned. It had to be done based on, uh, yeah. Anyway, it was based on lies and Bush would be impeached 1224 61% of that. I think it had to be done but was poorly planned, 211. It was based on lies 209. Over 600 American lives have been sacrificed by the Bush crowd 180 and you can't even keep track any more to be honest with you. I supported 100% 136 based on, uh, yeah, I guess that. Based on nothing. And I'm not sure yet, 45, we just, we always have to add that 2% who can't figure it out no matter what the question is. So let's see 61, 71.4 and the 8.9, but 80%. Well, at least have enough common sense in this crowd to realize that this is a, just it's like a human sacrifice is what it is. It's all it is. Well, it's always get the bad news out of the way in the beginning. Come on to get people to depressed. Uh, you as military helicopter crash today and was seen burning in the central Iraqi city of Bacobah where she had militia men and American troops are fighting. There was no media word on casualties yet. The crash came a media after an explosion was heard so it was obvious a shot down. But we're still waiting for word on the casualties there if there were any. Uh, you as forces battling soon, the insurgents in the Fallujah apparently had a mosque filled with people today and they were putting this a set as many as 40 people were killed. It's a great that we're bringing peace in order to Iraq. I like that. Operation Iraqi freedom. It's called the emancipation by the deportation is what it's called. Right. Wow. And of course we all know this really bad news American forces in Iraq came under fierce attack. Yesterday with as many as 12 Marines killed in Ramadi near Baghdad. And it's just, it just goes on and on. Pretty soon the kind will be 700. That will be 800 and I keep thinking of my own on the CDC last night they show some footage. But you won't see on the American networks. Some of the footage from last week where they were hanging the corpses and dragging the bodies. They were just dragging bodies to the streets. In Fallujah they were dragging body parts bloody body parts. There was disgusting crap. You could ever begin to imagine. And they ought to be showing that on TV on the American networks every hour on the hour. We should be seeing that. You know, held a lot more than Janets Booby. How many million times did we see that? Thirty million times we saw Janets Booby. But at the same time the real route the sickness of this whole business that's going on over there. They have to shield the public from that because they might be upset. They might be offended by it. I like seeing the booby though. There you go. It's nice. Everyone's watching yourself. Don't get a little bit too carried away here today because you already said more in the first five minutes. And be said last two days. What is his problem? He had too much food as well. That was a problem yesterday. That's what Clarence says that damn beast has always got something in his mouth. Anyway, here's a great news. See, let's immediately put up and the backburner all that bad news because the public wants to be shielded from that. Here's the good news. California voters say, oh, to Walmart. How do you like that? All right. Vores in England, California. An LA sub are projected a ballot measure that would have allowed Walmart to build a warehouse-sized store while squirting zoning traffic and environment reviews Walmart. They're the Antichrist. The Antichrist make them a stake about it. With 25 to 29 percent of the, or with 25 to 29 precincts reporting, England voters opposed the initiative. 65.7 percent voted and only 34.2 percent voted. There goes to probably the people we're going to be working at Walmart. I was illegal aliens. So they just said no to Walmart, which is a real good idea for all you shoppers out there. Just say to Walmart, they're the Antichrist. They make me nauseous. But about Thursday. I've never shopped in Target, but the George likes it. I like Thursday. You sharpened the Thursday. Everyone wants it while I go with the moms. Oh, I've been away. Operation vigilant resolve. Have you heard that? No, what's that? That's every. We've had all these different things. The military, like they have all these cute names to these brutal and grotesque operations that go on. So this business of cleaning up now is starting with Falugia. And we're going to go in there Paul Gremors said, and this will not go on answered. All this other garbage that's going on now. Operation vigilant resolve is the name of it. Big words. Now, we had Operation Desert Storm. Operation Iraqi Freedom. Operation Desert Resolve. Operation on Ure Yomama. And a lot of operations if they had the hospitals working, which they didn't. But anyway. Today's poll, quite a little before we get to the pool. Guess who's on the library told you. The beaded curtain. If you're over the age of 70, and you can prove it. And if John Ashcroft don't give it the thumbs down, because you'll see his picture with him. So, I think he's going to be a great idea. As way too, I get to the pornography story. With all the stuff that's going on in the world today, what is the administration fighting pornography? All right. Millions and millions of your tax dollars to fight porn. Because we're going to bring decency back to America, whether you wanted or not. How do you like that? I think I spent millions and millions of dollars in porn too. The beaded curtain today is Marilyn Monroe. Oh my God. How do you like that? When she was still alive, no less. We could have put some of the, Look at that. There's Marilyn. I don't think that's really very good picture. Are you looking at it? No, no, right now. I am. It's, it'll do. That's okay. It's all right. Probably not the greatest nude picture. But there she is with all those movies. How do you like that, John? Askedcroft. We got movies. But you must be over the age of 110 and have 45 pieces of ID. And have written notes from your great grandparents. And from Ema Sumak, whoever it hell she was. Otherwise, you can't look at it. Okay, the poll question today, we're going to have the audience. Help us out. We have not put any choices on here. Now the obvious ones, how are you know who they're going to be? But I know, let me leave it to the audience. Which of these people makes you want a puke when you see the Montevis? And only one, okay, one to each part. Because otherwise, that's just a bunch of names of people you see on TV. That you don't like. Which of these people most makes you want a puke when you see the Montevis? You know what I mean? In fact, I will put one down there, okay? Rosy O'Donnell. Yeah, she could be up to the screen. Totally. She is the most obnoxious. There's just I can't look at her. She makes me want to vomit. She just is nauseating. Oh, God. How does she have her own show? She did have her own show. I don't know. Because the women of America have very bad taste. They have to. Oprah? Yeah. No talent. Rosy. I mean, look at what they watch. They want to have the worst taste of any group of people in the world. And administration wages war on pornography. Here's the good news that all new people out there been waiting for. All of you right wingers. Hallelujah, baby. Obscenity for the first time in 10 years. The US government spending millions to file charges across the country. We'll get to it. Also residents hustle to fight Larry Flint's sex shop. You know what they want to build Larry Flint's sex shop for? What's up? You remember the landmark peaches there on sunrise? Yeah, right on sunrise. Yeah. You know, the one that wants to open a sex shop there. That would be great. Very classy kind of thing where they have like, you know, coffee latte. You know, like a, like all those fancy, fancy books. There is that they open. I like that. That's going to be an adult kind of a bookstore. But the residents in the area are like, Oh, no, you can't do that. Non-victory of park. The world was Queens are. I mean, and on top of this, because it's all come down really fast now. Bill Frist who's a really anxious right wing schmuck. Oh, he's a real bullhole. Am I right? He's attempting to work out a deal with Democrats to limit debate on legislation that would increase the fines people pay for broadcasting smut so that a vote on the bill could come tomorrow. While everybody's paying attention to kind of leased it tomorrow while they're all being deflected. Look at a way to kind of leize a talking through that gap in her teeth. They're going to try to let shove this through. The indescribilt. So every time you say, right, it's going to be $50 trillion or whatever. Whatever, arbitrary number that came up with. And the words of course also be arbitrary. They'll decide what words you can and cannot say. Can you say it? No. I don't, in fact, I think you know what, other, they've added one on there. That wasn't on the bill yesterday since yesterday. Show you know what it is. Which one? Can't say that. Oh, man. $45 million fine each time you play it. So we've been a play it a lot. Let's get it out of our system. Wow. So we got an open. I was at your choice. Yeah, it's around there. Okay. Yeah, well, that also must have taken a herkulean effort to throw the herice around. Boy, not telling you if we were getting paid by the pound. Oh, we're in Rosie. That's a good start. What about yesterday? We were paid by the pound. Yeah, that's true. You and me and the beast. That was really something. You could feel the trembling. Maybe that was the 55,000 Marlon fans at the mall park yesterday. Oh, we're at Marlon's 4th or you opening the victory against the Montreal expose. Wow. That's 55,000 plus I loved it more than anybody. That to our show yesterday, you talk about getting used to something easy. That was just fabulous. What a what? We have two of those three. We have two of what? Two of them to our show. Oh, like that. We'll think of it. Oh, boy. What a put. Anyway, 12 minutes have to 10 at 5. 60 WDQ. What have we got on the agenda day? We got the mad dog to the four at the masters in Augusta. I guess there would be a lot of white people there. Then the Hebrew hammer beyond it for at the arena. The it says at the mommy heat. I guess at the uh, yeah, a yentereen are there in the day county. The trip Marlon's on deck at 6 30. The expose to the Marlon 705 tonight's the latest test. Let's see how many people show up tonight. Anybody can show up all the day. Let's see how many people show up tonight. I won't be happy unless there's at least 30 minutes. 30,000. Right? There's not going to be that much. No way. It can't be the base point. 30,000 excuses. Kids are out of school. It's a vacation for a lot of people. Anyway, if you're in a dead end job. Like most of the people at QM if you're underpaid and overworked. Like most of those folks. How do you like to get yourself a new high paying career? You don't have to have a lot of cash to go to college. The four years to waste. All you have to do is make one easy call to our friends at fast train at 1-8-6-6-fast train. Fast train can have you train in certified for a great high paying computer network professional career. And they can do it. Here's the best part in as short a time as four easy months. You can be fully trained already for that new career in just four short months. And fast train offers day evening weekend classes. To fit around your schedule no matter what you be doing. No matter how often you're standing up there in the street corner with your thumb up. Fast train offers job placement assistance. The natural aid of people to qualify. And with seven convenient floor locations. There's bound to be a fast train close by you. So don't wait. Pick up that phone or call them today because in just four short months you can be well on your way. To a great new high paying career and that big fat paycheck. You've always wanted. Check them out on the web at fast train.com. And then make that call. Get off your ass and do it. 1, 8, 6, 6, fast train. My life and low. This is for trail five six. You way ahead. Only Maconon. This is Job on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs. And you're listening to the hockey authority. Neil God. Again. What are you doing home? I'm downloading pouring drinking beer in a chat room and violating myself. Now you can see here and feel the internet has never before. Go ahead. Work from home. Download Big Biles. So switch to Verizon for not much more than dialing. But be careful. This is really powerful star. Oh my goodness. Well thanks for the internet. I'm now bored with sex. Alright. Like progress every day. Can 18 at 560WC. Let's get to more names on list before we do anything else. Okay. 560560. Pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon. Wireless line. What person makes you want to puke most when you turn on the TV and you see them. You see that image. WDQA and hello. Yeah. Let's fuck Neil. Speaking. Neil. I don't want to come up for your call. Uh, couple. Well, I have one in my wife. I asked if I want to let those all go. Okay. How about that? That was generous. And that's thank you. Alright. Don't be so busy. Don't be busy. Don't be busy. Okay. Thanks a lot, Pally. Still busy, Ray. You got to get on the spell, Ray. Yeah. P-E-L-K-Y-N spell. He's in the Ray. And who's the only general? Getting a lot of a dikes on his pulse so far. I thought dikes were in. But not ugly disgusting dikes. I'm not talking about his busy. He's in the Ray, of course. I don't know what his story is. No, do I care. But she doesn't make me nauseous. You gotta be good looking at list. I can have already put 100 people on this list myself. Very easy. You gotta get on the list. Give him something to do. Give him something to sink their teeth in a day. Before we take any more, though, Zach is going to tell us about how we got really shoved off the Mulhoi David at show. So, Mok would put a family friend in his place on his show, right? Sure. Yeah, well, tell us all about it. Come on. Don't spit it out. Well, it was getting to the point where I needed to get another job to get my money. No, no. If you're going to do that again. No, no, no. You're not going to do that again. No, no. The truth of the matter was, is that I couldn't wake up this early and be able to get another job. Yeah. I told Howard that. Yeah. And he said that, well, you know, I need someone to work for me and, you know, be here early. Okay. I'm sorry. I asked, what would he make? See, I know the real story and that's not the real story. That's not the real story. No, it is not the real story. Okay. You were going off an at show, whether you had to get up or not. Now, you know that as well as I do. Well, that's more information than I know. I see. Okay. It's not what you told me when I was down there. But at any rate, see, this is the way that we got a bunch of pansies down there who just don't want to come on a year and tell it like it is. Now, you told me before the show you were going to like, spit it right out. You said, yeah, just like that you said. And once again, but it be, it's easy. Got naked pictures of you and, uh, guilty or something. What's the deal? I hope not. All such a bunch of pansies. Anyway, speaking of pansies, Bill says, piano Reeves. He hates that, uh, f***ing guys. What he says in his facts. Canterrids. I mean, I'm not a big key in the res fan, but, uh, but hey, we'll put them all on there. We got to build that list, right? I'm going to have about a thousand names on there. And of course, didn't take too long or good friend Mike says Rick says, I love this comment. He says it comes out both ends when I see him. Rick says his nice gone Mike, you're the best baby. Of course, the element I can't play anyone. And of course, it didn't take too long either. George, W. Boe, she'll present and taste his makes me hurl and puked and toss my cookies. P.S. I haven't been to a Walmart and nine years and never will. I'll let's go and cheer on you, go girl. She hasn't been to a Walmart in five years. In fact, if she did go, she'd probably went into Robert Creeper who'd be hanging out bush for prison, those stickers. Probably slap on right on her car. And what a, what a little Nazi man. What a self-hating Nazi Robert Creeper who, by the way, is going to be leaving us at about 15 years. He keeps threatening her. This is the longest departure in history of broadcasting. I've never seen anybody keep threatening, believe, as long as Robert the Greeper Creeper. I heard it's been like six years since he's trying to leave. Oh yeah. Of course, who else would hire a functional misfit like him anyway? 567.0560. Pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. And what's this time of Rick Sanchez, George W. Boe, she's getting these Josh out of one to go to the past for you now. Yeah, they're on there. Because we got that M.O. coast spot coming up next and we want you to be right. Although we have new copy for that that goes on like about a half an hour. Come and ask you a QAM. Yeah, I'm humbled. How are you doing? Pretty good. I just came back from New York and I saw Michael Moron Sunday at a workshop. You saw him, yes? Yeah, he had a lot of good things to say and he's coming out with a movie and the summer. I know if you've heard him out in the near. Oh yeah. That's going to rip you for the election, which I can't wait. Yeah, for our night and night 11. Mm-hmm. And he just had a lot of good things to say. But one thing that he got me thinking about was that hopefully that these kids won't have had to die in vain if America will wake up and kick this moron out of office. And the person that I got for your poll like, well, they didn't even even even say do get him out of office. They still died in vain. They died based on lies. There is so much blood on this president's hands. And everybody else who supports him is unbelievable. It's unconscionable. It is unconscionable. I try and, you know, at least make a little spin on it. At least maybe we got that freedom we could try and turn things around. But the person that definitely makes me a hell is Bob Novak. Bob Novak said Magnificent Choice. Thanks a lot, Kelly. Have a great day. Bob Novak. Oh, trying to sing in tomorrow. Trust. Yeah. He just stay. Oh, man. No, you've seen him. Haven't you? Yep. Attempting to be a broadcaster, which he's absolutely not. Trying to be another British nut. Trust. I'm angry. Can't you tell him about it? Yeah, right wing lunatic. He ought to be in jail. He ought to be on death row for outing Valerie Plain. But nothing happens in, of course, how's that investigation coming? Anybody here? Yeah. Come to the QM. Hello. Neil God. Speaking. People know who she is. This is the winner. Gloria, all the way. All right. That lawyer from California. Yes, she always wears that same red red. She brought us from Nancy Reagan by the one. She, when I see her, I just want her run to the bathroom. Okay. They also avoid from your path to that says hello. Good morning. Who? The dark lady. Oh, the dark lady. Hi, Dorothy. Thanks a lot, Pally. Gloria, all read. Got it. Got it. Got it. All these anyway you want. Because I'm sure that, you know, we don't care about this. We're spelling them finatically. And we can get the air can put this up there now. And air can just get lost. You know, we can go and relax have a nice lunch because he's under a lot of stress. He's done a lot of work for us. And he did all that extra work on that stop FCC that whole thing, which I'm so sorry. We got you know, it was good intentions. Very good intentions. We don't really have time. Even the way I think those bill first is try to jam that through on tomorrow. Gem it through the Senate the indecency bill. This business about waging war on pornography and about the whole area of flinting. This is just just more of the same. Before you have time to even speak up, they're just going to take away all your rights. So this business about winning freedom for the Iraqis, which is a pile of crap. And winning freedom for anybody else at the same time that they're taking all your freedoms away. To listen to what you want to watch what you want to, a read what you want to go online and see what I'm telling you. There is no question when you hear this story about the oaging war on pornography. Why are we the whole thing it's long, but you need to hear all of it. They want to go after even soft course stuff that's on cable. They want it off the air. They want everything off the air that doesn't have the John Ask Cross squeal of approval right on it. Maybe Gelding can get a job there with Askcropping for this squeal of approval. That's okay. Let's get him next stuff, or you later night. Forget about it. They want all of it off. That's terrible. Isn't that pathetic? That's pathetic. I hope that Larry Flint gets the just to get pissed off enough to make sure that he gets that book out this summer. The one about Bush getting the abortion for that broad that he knocked up in Texas. And driving her to the abortion clinic and then paying for the abortion. We knew about that before the 2000 lesson, but for some reason Larry Flint kind of got up. You know what I mean? Even when he talks he kind of, oh, it claims up too. I think it might have been that bullet. So we'll get it all of that. 26 past 10 at 5. 60 W to Q AM. Get your tonsils all too. Up here Josh. I think I'm sure it must say shrimp in here somewhere. Let me take a look. This copy did. Let me start now because we'll be done by about 11.30. Lombs to fest is back at the Emerald Coast if you've never been there. You don't know what you're missing. Not an ordinary Asian buffet. The service is impeccable and you'll never leave on an empty stomach either. That I guarantee it. And because it's spring with all the spring breakers out there, kids 600 are eat per free at their mot cost right now. How do you like that? In addition, air mot cost still offers you all of their sensational, mouth watering dishes start out with your, the likeable eating experience with any of six different soups. This is the worst piece of copy I've ever seen in my life. Then sample dozens of succal to the non-trade New York strip made order with this as the Asian grill along with a new whoon on fish. Enjoy main lobster thermator style, Jonah crab oysters on a half shell. And if you still have room to try the handcar per merb their new Thai specialties. The Emerald Coast promotes healthy living too. They use no MSG, no cornstarch, and cook only with cholesterol for your oils. The buffet features a full salad bar, a full Chinese food lineup, their brand new sushi bar and fresh, see you cocktail. See it's only in their once I think this time's sitting. Just take a rest. And because you're a big pig like Zack there for example, you're probably able to water over the dessert station even after all of those things and try out the Belgian mobbles and pies and cakes, pastries ice cream with all your favorite toppings even fresh fruit to perfect ending to a gigantic pig out. And believe you me we've got the pigs to enjoy it. Emerald Coast relocations during sunrise sunny hours and temper pines so take the whole family or book in this business lunch and right now. And don't forget to fill out our membership cards you can receive a monthly newsletter too. Let them do the cooking for you. Take on delivery always available to you at the Emerald Coast called 9-5-4-5-7-2-38-22. For the Unbeatable Emerald Coast Chinese buffet. This is 4-0-5-6. We wait a minute. Wait wait wait. Thanks for tuning in man. You'll ride yours next. Okay dude. See you later man. Here you go. Those are five donuts. There's no one. There's no one. There's no one. You touch them. That's cool. Yeah. Get my way in there. I'll eat it all in my words. There's a fight. There's a fight. What's going on? Now all of you can't stand out. You'll get big carlows in here. Okay. You'll pay Mr. Jingle Balls in a second more than anybody else here. Well who better to represent an all-gay sport-hole station? And besides, she frightens me. All right everyone. Let's break this up right now or I'll show you my ball. Yeah. Come out of here. Get him out. All right. Anyway, 1031 and 5-6-9-6-3-8. Every day, if we had somebody different in there, a little peat who's got 85 different names who was a little jury and a little add and little Tommy. He's a fact saying again because he knows that you'll afford them to me because George never said we always smith can. He's immediately with the squiggly little writing. Just look for little off squiggly writing, Zach. Gotcha. The one about how I'm glad you put Neil in his place. But above and that's a little, it's a little jury. I guess we were writing. Who's been listening for years and years every day every show. And has always got some constant little remark about how glad you put that bastard in place. Get a life you idiot. I have no luck. God, and no time you know more of those, please. Gotcha. Or you could be fired into it again. Oh, please don't. Anyway, here's, uh, I went to the Neil Rogers website says this facts. These stuff at CC.com is gone. That is correct. I heard you say the campaign is over. Not, not Scott's campaign. He's still doing his thing. Not getting much response. But then again, he's a hard ass. Uh, what would you be doing with the contributions already made? Well, we're going to give him the Zang. All right. Because he needs the food. No way. We never deposited the contributions at all panic. We're not going to run off with anybody's money. It's not going to be charged that was never deposited. And Eric had the foresight to say, well, let's just hold off a minute. I mean, we're not going to run a campaign with somebody who won't even tell us his last name, with somebody who gives us a song and then to about, well, I got a lot more signatures than you got money. And, you know, just the attitude is wrong. The intention, I guess, in the beginning was fine. But the attitude sucks. In addition to which the amount of money that we're getting in, you could put an off symbol and have room for a Zax ass left over in there. So just forget about it. I think the, you know, my intention were good, but got about it. Right. Let's see if Carrie turns out to be a psychopathic, scumbag president, which is unlikely, which Republican, oh, this is another pull. They're trying for pull thing. Oh, please, please, that's so, that's so idiotic. Got about it. Right. Thanks a lot, Mo. Mo by the way, is going to be doing the subjects who are they playing? The heat tonight. The heaters, the heat and the self-eximate. I see. I guess that makes sense because otherwise you'd have to go over to the position. The heat and the subject is going to be doing it on Boston radio, which he didn't pass all of a heint no Johnny most. I guarantee of that. Absolutely not even in the league with that. But he's going to be doing a game for Boston radio station in the room. I'm hearing is that we're going to be monitoring that. Maybe. See, there he goes again. Don't want to speak out. Just blow it out. Okay. What's he going to do? Is he going to come back from Boko? Kick your ass? I hope not. No. Anyway, administration wages war on pornography for the first time in 10 years, the US government is spending millions and dollars of your tax dollars by the way, to file charges across the country. This is in the Washington and the Baltimore Sun. Land-yens job is to sit for hours in the chilly quiet room devoid of any color but gray and look at pornography. This job, which New Yen does earnestly from nine to five surrounded by half-thousand other computer forensic specialists like him, has become the focal port of the Justice Department's operation to rid the world of porn. In this field office in Washington, 32 prosecutors investigators in a handful of FBI agents are spending millions of dollars to bring anti-absentative cases to court houses across the country for the first time in 10 years. Nothing is off limits they weren't even. Softcore cable programs such as HBO's long-running real sex or the adult movies widely offered in guest rooms of major hotel chains. That's terrible. Now, are you following that? The last part? Yeah. The adult movies widely offered in guest rooms of major hotel chains. In other words, if I own a Ramada Inn in Boston, and I want to like pipe in whatever I want to put on there for my clients for the people in the who rent the rooms. Whatever entertainment they want to pay for because the adult movies obviously are premium. You have to be an adult and you have to pay extra for them. And they don't want you to be able to see that. You can't even have the option to watch it anymore. No, not if they get their way. That's crazy. These are absolutely crazy people. Absolutely talking about it. And you people out there to continue supporting the Spaces. And man, you're you have just as much guilt in this as you have all the blood on the hands of all those dead kids in a rack. Blood on your hands and you can't wash it off. The permanent officials say they will send ripples to an industry that's plurifer or proliferated on the internet and grown into an estimated. And that affect you better take a look at the normer gene right now. Maryland Monroe naked on our website. If you're over the age of 100, take a look real quick. For this appear is just into where she goes. Take a look. This is pretty why they want to send ripples to an industry that's proliferated on the internet and grown into an estimated $10 billion a dollar year. Colossus profiting Fortune 500 corporation such as Comcast, which offers hard core movies on a paperview channel. The justice department recently hired the anxious bruised tailor who was instrumental in a handful of convictions obtained over the past year. And unsuccessfully represented the state in 1981 case very flint versus Ohio. Flint who recently opened a hustler and I club in Baltimore says everyone is in the business is wary, making sure their taxes are paid in the talent is all over 18. He says he's ready for a rematch especially with Bruce Taylor. Everyone's concern Flint said in an interview, we deal in plain old vanilla sex, nothing really outrageous, but who knows they may want to big target like me, said Larry Flint. A recent episode of Showtime's Family Business, a reality show about Adam Glasser and an adult film director in Entrepreneur California, had him worrying about shipping his material the states were after prosecute. It also featured him organizing a pornographic internet telephone to raise money for targets of prosecution. Jew Usterbond, who for the division in charge of 70 prosecutions at the Justice Department, says officials are trying to send a message like Joey Zazza, they're going to send a message. And halt an industry they see is growing increasingly lollous. We want to do everything we can to deter this conduct by producers and consumers Usterbond said nothing is off the table as far as work-insuring. Nothing. In other words, if you're watching one of them nasty movies, Debbie does Detroit there and you have privacy or home at two o'clock in the morning. You can work at a tap on the door or as a matter of fact, they might have been knock on. They might just knock it down and come and take your naked ass away, okay? So they're going to raid my house for a motion porn? Maybe? That's crazy. So stop. All right. It's unfair though, it's just how the American public and major corporations that make money receptive to the justice department add a turning general John Ascroft, it says. Any move against mainstream pornography could affect large telephone companies offering broadband internet service or the business of national credit card companies providing payments services to pornographic websites. Cable television, meanwhile, is which is fob late night lineups with adult programming highly profitable is unlikely to budge in such companies have powerful friends. Brian Roberts, the CEO of Comcast which offers hardcore porn on the Hot Network channel at 1199 for a film in Baltimore, was co-chair of Philadelphia 2000, the host committee that brought Republican National Convention to Philadelphia. In February, the Bush campaign honored Comcast President Stephen Burke with Ranger status for agreeing to raise at least 200 grand for the President's reelection effort. Comcast executive vice president David Cohen has closed ties to Governor Ed Rendell of Pennsylvania former chairman of the Democratic National Committee. Tim Fitzpac, for its spokesman for Comcast at its corporate headquarters in Philadelphia, to climb to comment on the cable networks at all programming. But officials at the National cable and telecommunications association which Roberts used to chair said adult programming is legal, relies on subscription services for access and has been upheld by the courts for years. Good luck turning back that clock said Paul Rodriguez, a spokesman for the association, and probably can the George Rodriguez be in the perfect that he is. In a speech in 2002 Ascroft made it clear that the Justice Department tends to try. He said pornography invades their homes persistently through the mail, phone, VCR, cable TV, and the internet. And as strewn its victims from coast to coast, it strewn its victims from coast to coast. Yeah, like him. Given a million dollars Americans are spending each month on adult cable TV, internet sites and magazines and videos, many may see themselves not as victim of this consumer, it says here with an expectation of right choices and privacy. What a concept. Ascroft, they religious fanat, a religious man who doesn't drink alcohol or caffeine, smoke gamble or dance. You got this? Dance? He doesn't drink alcohol or caffeine, smoke gamble or dance. And his thought on relenting criticism that he is tried rough shot on civil liberties in the wake of 9-11 is taking on the porn industry at a time when many Americans, when many experts say Americans are worried about government intrusion into their lives. And those people are, Absolutely correct sir. The Bush administration is eager to show up its conservative base with this issue, askcroft how private meetings with conservative groups a year and a half ago, to assure them that anti-pornepharts are a priority. But administration critics and first amendment rights attorneys won that the initiative could smack a big brother and a targeting such a broad range of readily available materials could backfire. They are miscalculating the pulse of the community, said attorney Paul Cambria, who's gone head to head with Taylor and cases, a dating back to the semones. How do you like that? Millions of dollars attacks some money is going to be spent to try these cases as once again. John Ascroft is going to tell you what you can look at, what you can read, where you can touch all of these things. I want to take them dancing. In the greater that we're bringing freedom to other places in the world. As America loses it, we're going to export it. Funny, a 1964, 11 at 560 QA. Did you say? Oh, we're fine. We're happy. We're happy. 1045, better or much out what you're looking at, what you're thinking. Just like a very flasher left before they shaved this ball's body, say, better watch out what you say. That's exactly what he said. Probably what they told him too. 133 votes on a pole. That's not too bad. We're not paying too much attention. We'll have 100,000 names on every 40 end of the show. 133 votes, which of these people makes you want a puke. And we actually still can play that, aren't you excited? I like that. There are two things that we can still play. One of them is, is that, and the other one is that. I like the second one, better. I understand that was a big hit at the ballpark yesterday. Oh, it was hysterical. Every time the Marlins are got another outer or got another hit or scored or run, everybody's going like that. Do the guilty. Anyway, George W. Bush is leading. What a surprise. 67. Rosie O'Donnell, my favorite. Least. Oh, geez. I just, I get nauseous. I get, oh, I want to just vomit. 27. I think I have a rosy allergy. Rich Sanchez 11. Oprah's got Nyan. Bob Novak 8. Ellen D. Jennifer's 5. Gloria all read the floor. And he and Reeves has got a pair. But nobody's found him yet. I can't say that. He's got, if I don't know what he's found him yet. Oh, here's a good one too. Don Rumswell. That's good. The crummy rummy. It says this individual not only makes me want a puke when I see his face, but I run to the, I run to the Lou and take a wicked, right? This is what he scares out of me and include Connie as well. Yeah, let's put her on there. She's going to be on tomorrow for a couple of hours. Condolisa, what do you say? Got her? Got her? Can you handle it now? I'm handling her. Go get fast. Josh is under a lot of pressure because he had a old day van Borgens to hand through opening day estate at the ballpark. You're going to be holding his hand again tonight. Oh, there's no hand holding there. Come on. It's not what I heard. I heard that you have like to slip him all the, everything. Everything is going on. You have to like slip him a little note. Okay, that's right. You know, he's not going to say anything. Well, he needs the job. Okay. So this is the problem. While these people are closed mouth because they were afraid of saying anything. Just like yesterday, I want to apologize to profusely for putting Josh on the spot on Tuesday. Whatever it will be was Monday because I didn't realize that you work with Dave and Borgens. Right. So when I was trying to get you to admit how terminally boring and an empty is he would like, although you did admit that he was, I was proud of you for that. What? What? And then what he said Zack, he said he was a terminal and boring and pondress. One of the worst. I think I heard it. Yep. Yeah. And I said, can you tell us a little more and that's when he claimed that. That's what he said. 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT and team. We're going to fight smart. We're going to fight porno. We're going to fight freedom. We're going to fight whatever you like. We don't like it. That's John Asked for a baby. He's covering up them statues. I'll tell you one thing. It's a good thing they decided to attack Iraq and not Italy. Can you imagine if he would have to cover up all of them statues, nilly would all him boobies and penises and all of them things. Wow. How long? How long would he scream? Wow. Would it take a forever? In fact, he probably have to get some of his buddies to surrender their sheets. So if you cover up all of them statues. 560, 560, 560 on the AT and team and Verizon wireless line. Let's all do the guilty. What do you say? Let's just forget about all this stuff because it's too depressing. Let's just do the guilty. Wouldn't that be a great dance? In fact, don't we have a bit called do the guilty. We have do the Clinton. There it is. I don't know. The one thing I don't know though because I have it. I got to be careful. I don't know what it says. Go to tell me. Oh matter of age y'all day. I hear you're not going to be doing a path again. reason because there is going to be any next season. That's what a bad break. So you talk about a vulture. He was hovered over judgment Donald. Crushed the old. The king bodies for the last couple years, man. I want that job. I want the pantheon job. Just this thing. He's old. I want that job. And I'd be asking. Huh? He'll deny that if you ask him. He'll deny what that he wants a job. I know if we're a fact that he wants that job. Make no mistake about it. He wants it bad. He wants to be the voice of the Panthers. 5 6 7 5 6 the pound 5 6 the on the AT&T. In fact, I think the season when they don't have any games would be excellent. You know, we can just do like a dry runner. Be day. WM. Hello. All right. Oh, God. WM. Hello. Yes, man. I would like to add your pool. Chris the for Reeves. Christopher Reeves. Oh, that's insensitive. But a good choice. It is. Okay. Thank you. Right. See a Chris. What do you think is insensitive? That's terrible. To say the Christopher Reeves makes her puke. I mean, it's, uh, but I think I understand. That's super. Huh? That's Superman. No, but she's talking about now when he comes on in the wheelchair and the whole deal. It's, uh, it's very insensitive. Coming soon to a theater near you. Christopher Reeves is Superman. Superman. Now, tell Superman. Superman. Quick to me. Oh, it is drowning. Hey, you're a Superman. Here he comes. He's, he's in a wheelchair. How do you, Superman? Oh, okay. Razz, turn it. Oh, two, eight. Yeah. They'll call you super game. Get out of your freak. Oh, oh, Clark. Oh, nothing's happening. Get on top of my heart, huh? Ow! Why the evil song that I've finally figured out a way to defeat Superman? Hey, we, we've created tonight. No, spirits. Ha ha ha ha. Superman five. The search for a bigger door awake. Rolling into a theater near you. Logan, we got Cana Reeves and now we got Christopher Reeves. What's this thing is the fantastic very insensitive 1051 at 560 WQAM. QAM, hello. Uncle Neil. Yes, sir. Happy Wednesday, too. How about Dennis Miller for your poll? Dennis Miller's a fabulous choice. Thanks, pal. Okay. I have a great day. Oh, and I say fabulous again. It's a fact thing. So I should keep saying it. Dennis Miller makes me nauseous just to hear his voice. Just, uh, creep, real creep. And we'd all agree on that. Wouldn't we? Yes, I hated it when he was on Monday night football. Oh, man. Why, why? What is they pay people millions of dollars to make these decisions? It's probably going to be good for a lot less. We'd have told him. Yeah, I want to tell them who's terrible. Just like what they put Moan in the morning for a lot less. I just said, hey, don't do that. He's just, uh, pathetic. Absolutely. And going to cause a lot of problems. Absolutely. Real divisive four. Absolutely. And they're going to get really big numbers. Absolutely. But you know, Greg, man. Greg is just, uh, he's, he's the sugar in the wood pile. Like, Greg Reed. And of course, you can't come in on that. Although Josh told me some interesting things yesterday. Huh? Come into QAM. Hello. Hey, darling. How you doing? Pretty good, sir. Good. Can I add, Jim, push to your list? Yes, you certainly may. And by the way, let's give some drivers license today while we're talking about this. This is a million. I was just going to say that you read that story. If they'd absolutely may be sick, he basically has summed up. He says, well, they're already here. What do you want me to do with them? Let's give them a license. They get functional. And if he's seven Chevy, too, throw it at him. Nice. Go on. Way to go, Jeff Boy. Nice. I spent a lot of orders by the way. We told you. We told you as a major. Cool. Okay. Oh, no. We're the, who the, film a bride is. So we're going to put Jim in there again. His name is Bush. Wow. Or on terrorism. George Bush, a failure of leadership. There you go. All right. That was good time. Excellent. I was magnificent. Move on dot the org is doing a pen. See, I keep saying that again. A sensational job. Terrific job. They're doing a nice job. Raisin tons of money. Put none of those fabulous ads. Rippin Votion asked. By the way, George W makes people puke. 88 people. He's reading the fact by a long mark. Which of these people makes you most pewk when you see him on TV? WL president to 88. Rosie O'Donnell 38, Rick snatches 18 Bob Novak 13. On cross fire. Oprah 12, LMD generous five, Gloria All-Red for can't a reason for kind of leases got three. Donald Rubisfeld has got a parent none yet for Christopher Reeve or Dennis Miller as the list continues growing. I, I, this list is almost an, an ending. You know what? It could be a. So all you TV people out there should get the message. Quick put in so many people on her make his one a puke. And we might actually watch it. WQAM hello. Paul building a game so boring. WQAM hello. Neil. Yes sir. How you doing? Pretty good. I got the winner man for you. Okay. How about the no talent needle nose skank. Terrific job. Terrific job. Okay. Thanks, Paul. I love her. Come on. Get out of town. You can't. Nobody's got that bad a taste. Come on. She's a good looking girl. She's not only not good looking. She's got a skinny nasty nose and she's a skanky, squally bitch. I'm glad you liked her a lot. She got a lot of cash though. Paris Hilton put around here. Okay. That's what counts. 5, 6, 7. And by the way, Paris take all those smarty movies out of your hotel chain. Please. Can you can you believe that? Can you believe that? Can you really believe that? No, I can. I'm like I'm really upset about this. I can't go to the hotel anymore. You know, I mean, you go to the hotel. You're paying damn good money. Heavy duty money to the room. And whatever's on TV. If you want to pay extra for it. Oh, no, they won't watch you see that. It's just even for me, even knowing what a bunch of Nazis these bastards are. It's just I got to read that one line again there about what he said about what it's doing. Where's the line about what asked. Oh, yeah. It is strewn. It's victims from coast to coast. It invades our homes persistently through the male phone. VCR. Oh, yeah. I get photographic calls all the time. Don't you? I thought you had to make outgoing calls through the phone to get those cable TV and the internet and as soon as victims from coast to coast said the anxious attorney general John BD on Askcroft. And I'll tell you again when you look at Merlin Monroe and her movies on our website today if you're over the age of 100, you'll notice some services eyes do move around. He's watching you. So keep your hands above the counter at all times, please. 1056 a QA. David's a bitch. Oh, about theta. Keeps on run. Democrat party is really fun and it can't be about theta. Keeps on run. And she, your peak and see the victory come and be about theta. Keeps on run. Democrat's luck's gonna keep on falling again. Yeah, he's gonna fall in all right. He's gonna make every one route. And he can't get an act. But the outcome's affected. For our own. For our own. What's the point Ralph? Is there any point? Oh, see I don't understand that these people every 10 day take these pools well 3 or 4% in this state or whatever Oregon or good of course for a native based on what what's the point? What's the purpose? Someone else. How can you hurt? First of voting for someone else. But for what purpose does he have any chance to win? No. So so my even bother. Why not just sit on your ashes. Stay home. I don't get it. Residents hustle to fight Flynn's section. Boy, we're the anti-sex crowd today. Let me tell you that right now. Better get all you can before the end of the day. Because by tomorrow it may be ill, Eagle. Excited about the redevelopment of their once-down-trotten for Lauderdale neighborhood Victoria Park residents are suddenly a guest. A guest. Oh my God. Over the new neighborhood appears to be moving in down the street. Larry Flint, he's all over the place. Can't wait for that book to come out. And then the Michael Moore movie. The Hustle magazine publisher, the infamous Prince of Rochie explicit pornography wants to open a shop to pedal lingerie, toys and DVDs in the store formally occupied by the same old house. That's a landmark. Yep. In fact, I remember doing many unappearance there at that peaches. I think Phil Henry was there with me. Are you sure? I do believe so. Back in the day when he was like a real person before he sold his soul to the devil. The evil duch. Damn shame. The suck shops neighbors include newly built townhouses selling for half a million dollars. A strip shopping center. A soon to be built public supermarket and then the building and the question. The Harold's Fort Lauderdale bureau on the second floor of the Kyse Relostate state office. I see this is in the hero of course. The hero don't want no smut next door to them. Its unfair were very upset to Jan Eidel and President of Victoria Park's civic association will prevent this to all legal means possible. But it says it's uncertain whether there is a legal way to prevent hustler from opening the store according to a city ordinance businesses within 500 feet of residential area, such as the former peaches can be closed if 51% of more of their sales are a demographic. Vice Mayor Carlton Morris said the ordinance has really been enforced noting that several ex-rated business operate in your residential areas and churches, churches. Wow, what's the Lord gonna think about that? We'd have to audit every business like that and that would be unprecedented. He said I don't know of us ever doing that. Although Flint's attorney Paul Campbell would not confirm the project was underway, he said he was well aware of that ordinance. We always operate within the parameters of the law he'd be saying. Even if the city ordinance were enforced, it isn't clear that the shop could be targeted. Flint's sex-rated empire has spawned a serious successful coffee shop point in poor homes all over the country where the prices of a cap of chain was almost as obscene as the ranks of bonded merchandise. If he sells more java than Jan Eidel's in videos, the ordinance might not apply. So in other words, if it's under 51% then it's kosher. Got it? Yep. Flint is fighting Kentucky officials over his effort to run a similar shop in Lexington, Kentucky officials in Greensboro, North Carolina, and Corp for years to shut up peep show that to get around an ordinance also offered non-pornographic fare. The business was represented by one of Flint's Cincinnati-based attorneys. City Commissioner Dean Trentales, who's constituents live in Victoria Park, says he doesn't want hustler moving into the neighborhood, but he too is troubled by the language of the ordinance. 49% students are anything up to that amount. How do you measure that he said? I mean, what's the point if he can still sell porn? Trentales bought a push to commission to change the law, so it doesn't require an unautotable sales receipt to close a business. Mayor Jim Nagel, goody too, shoes mayor, has decided to wait and see about a decade to go at Toppas Donorchop and next rate at Carwash, open sending 400 residents into a busy. See, 400 law, they don't want anybody in it. They don't want spring break, they don't want young people. They don't want the x-rated car washes. They don't want even x-rated donut shops. They don't want nothing. If I say probably not like donuts. Toppas donuts? Yeah, they don't like the donuts because you know what you might do with that donuts. That's got a hole in it. And the places failed miserably to attract anyone. You said, oftentimes these places don't have the business. We all expect they'll have swide savory likes and wights as the obnoxious Mayor Jim Nagel. I'm surprised these take in such a laws-a-fair attitude being the good wights as right we know that he is. But nevertheless, so there you go Larry Flint's got them all up in a tizzy inventory or park. If he can't open up there, why not the Wilton manners? Will welcome with open arms and legs up that, do anything? Now with what? Maybe. Wilton manners will accept Larry Flint with open arms and legs. Yeah, you're probably right. Which of these people makes you want to puke when you see them on TV? That's our pull question in the rogis.com when you're finished looking at mirror on the row and her boobies. George W. Bush on 26, Rosie O'Donnell 52, Rick Sanchez 22, Bob Novak's got 18, Oprah 14, Kyle Lisa 7, O'Glorah all read 7, Ellen D. Jennifer 5, Cano Reeves 4, Pierce Heltz got 3sack. Rommisville 3, Dennis Miller 2, Jeff Bush 2, and Christopher Reeves got 1. From some insensitive bastards out there, W.Q.A. and hello. Oh, Neil? Yes sir. I'm about to miss Camel. What's on 7? Camel? Wilcome out. Oh miss Camel, I think you made caramel caffirrow. Oh, I'll come out, I got you. Okay, thanks a lot, pal. Miss Camel, you know how I started these things right away? Oh, by the way, what does Wilcome out? Haven't common? Would Charlie Chris and Mark Foley? I don't know. Okay, well, just think about it. See this one of those rhetorical questions. Don't answer the question. Just think about it. You know, these state Florida 3D General Charlie Chris has got a lot of common with Bill Come on, the weather fairy on Chad, the weather lady on Channel 7, and Mark Foley, Republican representative from Palm Beach County. Just pond with your mind. Just keep thinking about a roller round in your head. I'm pondering. Okay. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon, wireless line. WCWM, hello. Anyhow, are you? Pretty good. Good. Got a guy for your pull there. Bad hair piece. That's not on TV. Quite a quite a pretty long time. You can hear him on the screen around that hair piece. Moaller David, definitely. When is it once he did on TV? I think he's done on TV a couple of times just to commercial terms. He's doing commercials and stuff, but nothing major. But either way his voice and people in Boston are going to hear him tonight. They're going to talk to us. No, okay. We're not putting the moan here. No, no, no, no, no, no. You talk about a stretch, right? Is Moa TV personal? Have you ever seen him on TV? I have not. No, I don't think he does any commercials. I don't know what this guy's talking about. Just another chance to take a cheap shot of my personal good friend, Moa, and that's good buddy, too, by the way. Oh, yeah. In fact, Josh, he likes him almost as much as the day van boring, but not quite. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T. Oh, I will say this, Moa is at least a little bit. When you get him a wild up, he's a little bit more animated than Dave and boring. Oh, my God, it's just up and away. That's where he ought to go up up in a way. Would it good your blimp? Just rag his hands out of there, okay? Or maybe just took it up to his hairpiece. First is a threat. Come in to Q&Hello. Yeah, I want to put the meal. Speaking. Hey, Neil, how are you? Pretty good. I'm going to turn up my radio, please. Hey, I got a lady for you. I got a lady for your poll, who's a lady. I cannot stand. She thinks she's a little hot. Yeah. Her name is Civil Shepherd. Civil Shepherd, right? You got that CYB-I-L, Civil Shepherd. And there's a couple of other videos. There are a couple of other options. Okay. He's doing so well, though. He got to that. Karis Heltens, a hot babe. Wow. Oh, man. She was a skanky. Well, there are some of you guys who into the impact Joe Costello also, Rest in Peace. Joe is into the squanie, you know, like Christine Aguilar. And now she wants to have to throw the cheese as bait. That's peristilin. She's a real skanky, nasty needle nose bitch. But if you like that, more power to you. Thank you. In fact, in your case, I think that's what you ought to be going for. Some skanky, well, anyway. Hey, never know. You never know. Sometimes the real fat, the big, grotesque guys. They get the real hot babes. You never know. Oh, well, it's aggressive when they're making a big bucks like Zank. Now, you're working at that, uh, oh, and listen. What's going to happen to your other job at John Astrof gets his way? They're going to be closing that joint down. I hope not. Then I'm going to put this in into that place. The trapeze, the dollhouse. Like I said, the dollhouse in sunny Isles. Yeah. That's where I'm at. And who are you doing? I mean, what are you doing there? I'm the floor manager. Which means what? You managed what's going on on the floor? I managed what's going on. He's exactly it. I see. And what do I want on the floor? Well, you better not say it because John Astrof. They might be monitoring right now. I'm thinking, yeah, they're monitoring. And they're not like what they're hearing from you. Mr. Herbert. Hey, I'm out of par. It's a sexually oriented establishment. Yes, it is. So you better find some of the work of endeavor because if we get bushing, again, those will all be closed by January the 25th and next year. I hope you're in T. Really, it's just amazingly. They religious nuts and see, but all of this bloodshed, with all this tragic crathets going on in the world today. And the mainstream media so terrified because they might offend what they religious institutions and the goody two shoes crowd out there. So God forbid, we should talk about what a bunch of lunatics fundamentalist religions are of all stripes like that pitch and Texas that's don't or kids to that. That's terrible. That got off by reason of insanity. She's a criminal mental hospital by the way, got that swam as we'll do it now. A mother acquitted by reason of insanity for beating two of her sons to death in Tyler Texas with rocks was committed away maximum security state mental hospital yesterday. The N. Alaini 39 was ordered transferred from jail to North Texas State Hospital in Vernon, Texas. She'll be examined after which he judge may order her to stay there, prescribe outpatient treatment or release her outright. Oh, under state law, huh? They're going to release her, maybe? That's crazy. Under state law, Alaini could be committed for the rest of her life, which that would certainly prefer that if that's the best we can do as opposed to maybe like frying her ass. Authorities rock, sir. Laini backs her son's skulls with heavy rocks, coming two of the major six and eight and severely injuring the third boy now, too, is like a vegetable now. She claimed God ordered her to kill the children. She was found innocent by reason of insanity of murder and other charges. It seems to me I could be wrong. Remember David Berker with the son of Sam? Yeah. Didn't he have the same defense? The dog tell him to do it. Yeah, that's right. A dog told him which his gods belt backward all the other BS below me. See, it's just a matter of degree with religious people. A system of question of how crazy they are. The fundamentalist religion is whether they're Muslims or Christians or Orthodox Jews. Oh, they're making a crazy people. They're dangerous people. These are the people responsible primarily for all the insanity that's going on in the world today. They didn't have a bed of course by the big business people who think that they got to leg up on a tax-free religion. Tax-free business. It's all the same. But they don't want to talk about that because that would be bad. We don't want to offend anybody because some sponsors might get all upset. Talk it against religion. So naturally the mainstream media they walk with eggshells. Even the Catholic priest scandal man, they just give it a look in the smears. So to speak. Can I say that? They give it a **** in a **** right. I can't say that anymore. Sorry, go ahead. He gets all upset. In fact, we got a there's a machine coming out which I'll get to this story in momentarily. It's a profanity elimination and word-longing device. I'm not making this up. There's a true story. What? It's called Guardian. An automated profanity elimination and spoken word-logging system for radio and TV broadcast. This is the truth. It's in radio ink today. I'll get to it a moment. But what we're going to do instead of that is every time somebody on this station says something because we are of course on delay. So we have our own, we can stick our own words in there. So when anybody says anything, it doesn't, there can't be on the ear instead of like having **** that. We'll have that. I like it. Don't you like that? It's a lot better. Yeah. In fact, I might increase the audience. I think that damn Tom. See how well that worked? That was great. Let's see. It says if Mo is looking to get somebody else fired, you should go after whoever worked the copy for the spotty does recall someone named Anthony or something. My main man, three. Oh, well, do you understand the Allen, the facts are that everybody is Mo's main man. My main man. He's got more main man than Ficky Carlos. I don't know. It says is there anything better than an old Jew with a bad hair piece trying to be cool. Using this person that was popular 30 years ago. I'm 30 man. And next spot, they should get him to say that Anthony is my hip daddyo. All right. I think he's going to be doing that tomorrow. Absolutely. All right, Mo. You go, Mo. Oh, Mo. Man. My main man. He just makes me sick when he says that. In fact, that 24 hours when he and I when he thought he made the piece with me. Remember that? The piece tree can have bad pieces. Yep. And my main man, Neil Roddy, who is so excited that someone actually pretended to like him for one day. That's as much as I could handle that thing. I was exactly he's never pretended like him at all. Huh? You guys are such a bunch of pansy. See, back in the old days, back in the day, I would say where the big ones would pee. That's also Wednesday. But we can't say that no more. See, see, I can say that. I don't know. I believed out the first half of it. See, and wasn't pansy. But anyway, can't say that no more. That's not the one those words we can't say. According to the beastlies, oh, quite a day. Please. Speaking of scanty bridge, the goofball. Oh, no, did we put spilky's in the rear? No, you got to, you got to spell that one. Okay, I knew that so reason you would laid off. See, he thinks that I'll forget about it. No, but I never forget. BLKYS, N-O-U-R-A-Y. Got it? Got it. BLKYS, N-O-U-R-A. There you go. Spilky's in the rear. On channel 7. And also, here's another one, Dr. Phil. That's a good one. Oh, God. I'm certain. Have a gag reflex. I don't know. In a time, I'm like channel surfing in the afternoon. And I see him. I can't change the channel fast enough. Because I also have that same kind of reflex. 11.13 at 5.60. W-W-M if your carports are in bad shape, you can go out and spend a lot of money in the Replace them. You can open up the other pages and play Russian roulette and invite some Axe murder to come to your home and make a mess. Or you can go to the supermarket and rent that carpentry and equipment to make a real mess all over your floor. Or you can do this smart thing like I've been doing for over 30 minutes. Like I've been doing for over 20 years in a variety of different homes. And that is called the experts at dry concepts because they're the best in the world. Whether it's your carpeting, your draper, your area rugs, your oriental rugs, your poultry, all of these things. All of these things. Maybe the best job in the world because they dry clean them. They suck out even the deep down dirt that you can't see with the naked eye. Which leaves them looking just like brand new. They look vibrant and color soft to the touch. They smell them any fresh. Your carpets are drying just a couple of hours. And it'll be like somebody performed a miracle right there on your floor. I've had to take a sip of my- Because I'm gagging over here. What am I? My club soda went south to buy them away with bubbles. What is with that beast that likes it? Plant. I don't know. I love salsa. Well, if you like periscillten, you must like it flat too. And don't forget would dry concepts like I said your carpets are drying just a couple of hours. You really can clean today and entertain tonight. It's not just a slogan it'd be the truth. They give you a written guaranteed price before they start that fantastic job. And if you come to put your understand violence, they can save you next to a 15% off. They already unbeatable job of your carpets cleaning. So give them a call today. You'll never ever be disappointed. They're the best in the universe called toll-free 1-800-248-5071. Call my main man over at the dry concepts 1-800-248-5071 or check them out on the web at dryconcepts.com. I am all. This is portraying my city of the UAE. It's day five by every child. And five six oh, WQA. Hey, yeah. My wife took the card or the... She drives my f***ing, and she's three feet sweet. I wouldn't write what's on. I said I needed a lady today. So I'm just going to print you. Waiting for that f***ing, you take me away. Just a f***ing fun of f***ing f***ing. We've made friends. We've made friends. We've made friends. We've made friends. All that's going to do it. Tell us what it is. The private hurl rates keep my f***ing. Just sitting here and resting my f***ing. One great one, my f***ing leave me alone. We've talked it over. And I never f***ing. I just find a f***ing fun of f***ing. You don't m***ing like that. So I f***ing, I have f***ing you. Waiting for that lovely f***ing, you take me away. I f***ing fun of f***ing with my friend. Hey, there it is. The time of freedom and the strange f***ing f***ing of your face. What the f***ing, you f***ing, you f***ing. Love and I see all the bleeps all the time, man. Because that's the sound of radio in the future in the very near future if they get their way. I got my dick Clark books in here. I'm talking about American bandstand. Richard Clark, against all enemies. And I was meeting. I don't want to do it with Zack there. I don't want to bore you with reading a whole lot of stuff, you know. I don't want to get too newsy. Oh man, so I have your permission to do whatever I want. It's your show. I even though you're not going to like it though, right? I have you read this book. It's just for pages and they're not really like big gigantic pages like the Addiction Arena. I just thought that this might be of interest to people that have like me be a little bit of an open mind. This is like where he's describing what happened in the wake of 9-11 in the year. And when they're like sitting in the bunker and doing this in that and then they go to the security room. Anyway, he says after one o'clock in the morning, I agreed to go home briefly to shower and change. Lisa and Mike Thinsel would stay supported by Margie Gilbert of the National Security Agency. Before I left, I called Pete McCalli to get a ride through the secret service positions around the building and to put us on a list to get out and get back in. We drove through their burricades down the empty streets. This is after 9-11. A humbi with a 50 caliber machine gun was on the corner of 17th in Pennsylvania. We stopped on the Roosevelt Bridge over the Potomac and watched the smokes still rising from the Pentagon. Looked by the floodlights have been brought in. It gave me a chill as we pulled up to my house in Arlington and shut off the car. We heard the drone of a heavy 4-age aircraft, A wax circling. And our later as I dressed to go back in, I wanted to again how many alkai to sleep or sell the war in the US. I had logged believe they existed. So a John O'Neill who was now dead under tons of steel. So had Dale Watson who had tried to get the FBI to look for the sleepers, Where there's still sells penny more tax? Thousands had died. We in the West Wing had almost been among them. Now we had the full attention to the bureaucracies and the full support of the president. I had to get back to the White House and begin playing to follow a prevent follow on attacks. I found my secret service issued 357 sidearm, thrusted my belt went back onto the night back into the West Wing. I expected to go back to a round of meetings examining what the next attacks could be, What our vulnerabilities were, what we could do about them in the short term, Instead I walked into a series of discussions about Iraq. At first I was incredulous that we were talking about something other than getting alkai to, Then I realized with almost the sharp physical pain that Rumsfeld and Wolfowitz were going to try to take advantage of this national tragedy To promote the agenda about Iraq. Since the beginning of the administration indeed well before they had been pressing for a war with Iraq, My friends in the Pentagon have been telling me that the word was we would be invading Iraq sometime in 2002. On the morning of the 12th, the O'Neill's focus was already beginning to ship from alkai to CIA was explicit now that alkai to was guilty of the attacks but Paul Wolfowitz Rumsfeld's deputy was not persuaded. It was too sophisticated and complicated in operation. He said for a terrorist group to have pulled it off by itself, without a state sponsor, Iraq must have been helping them. I had a flashback to Wolfowitz saying the very same thing in April when the administration had finally held its first deputy secretary level meeting on terrorism. When I had urged action on alkai to then, Wolfowitz had harked back to 1993 attack on a world trade center, saying alkai to could not have done that alone, must have had help from Iraq. The focus on alkai to was wrong, he had said in April, in must go after Iraqi sponsored terrorism, he had rejected my assertion and CIAs that there had been no Iraqi sponsored terrorism against the US since 1993. Now this line of thinking was coming back. By the afternoon on Wednesday, Secretary Rumsfeld was talking about broadening the objectives of our response and getting Iraq. Secretary Powell pushed back urging a focus on alkai to relief to have some support, I thank Colin Powell and his deputy Richard Armadillo. I thought I was missing something here I've ended, having been attacked by alkai to force not to go bombing Iraq and response would be like our invading Mexico after the Japanese attack as a Pearl Harbor. Powell shook his head, it's not over yet. Indeed it was not. Later in the day, Secretary Rumsfeld complained that there were no decent targets for bombing in Afghanistan, and that we should consider bombing Iraq which he said had better targets. At first I thought Rumsfeld was joking, but he was serious in the present did not reject that a handy idea of attacking Iraq, instead he noted what we needed to do with the wreck was to change the government, not just hit it with cruise missiles as Rumsfeld had implied. Joy Chiefs Chairman, who shot his reaction to the idea of changing the Iraqi government was guarded, he noted that could only be done with an invasion by a large force, one that would take months to assemble. On the 12th and 13th of discussions wandered, what was our objective, who was the enemy, was our reaction to war on terrorism in general or alkaita in specific. If it was all terrorism we would fight, then did we have to attack the anti-government forces in Colombia's jungles too? Gradually the obvious prevailed we would go to war with alkaita in the Taliban, the compromise consensus however was that the struggle against alkaita in Taliban would be the first agent of Rada War on terrorism, it was also clear that there would be a second stage. Most Americans had never heard of alkaita, indeed most senior officials in the administration didn't know the term when we briefed them in January 2001. I found a moment without meetings and said to my computer and began, who did this, why did they hate us, how will we respond, what can you as American do to help? It all came out in a stream of pages, a road of alkaita's hatred or freedom of its perversion to a beautiful religion of the need to avoid religious or ethical prejudice, thinking it might be helpful I said it to John Gibson and speechwriting. Meanwhile, Roger Cresci and I dusted off the draft national security presidential directive on alkaita, authorizing aid of the Northern Alliance in Afghanistan. Join by Lisa Gordon-Haggarty, we also began to list a major domestic vulnerability to further terrorist attacks and attack Tasty to task the departments to start plugging the holes. Trains with hazmat hazardous materials were diverted from major cities, crop dusters were grounded till they could be tracked and be sure terrorist weren't filling them with biological agents. Special security teams were sent to protect alkaita's hums, chemical plants and nuclear reactors. George Tenet and Kofor Black, the counterterrorism chief of the CIA were often running now, demanding action from friendly intelligence services and preparing to last to send CIA officers in Afghanistan. Kolem Powell and Rich Armageddon were turning Pakistan around from half-hearted support of the US campaign against alkaita to full cooperation. Later on the evening of the 12th, I left the video conferencing center in their wandering alone in the situation room was the president. He looked like he wanted something to do. He grabbed a few escorted order to the conference room. Look, he told us, I know you all have a lot to do in all, but I want you as soon as you can to go back over everything. Everything. CF Sodam did this. See if he's linked in any way. I was once again taken a back incredulous and it showed the Mr. President alkaita did this. I know I know, but CF Sodam was involved just look. I want to know any shred. Absolutely, we will look again, I said. I was trying to be more respectful, more responsive, but you know we've looked several times for state sponsorship of alkaita, and I found any real images to Iraq. Iran plays a little as this Pakistan and Saudi Arabia and Yemen. Looking to Iraq, Sodam the president said testily and left us. Lisa Gordon-Hagardy started stared after mother mouth hanging open. Paul Kurtz walked in passing the president on the way out, seeing our expressions he asked, geez what happened here. Wolfowitz got to him, Lisa said shaking her head. No, I said look he's the president he hasn't spent years on terrorism as everybody to ask this to look at and we will Paul. Paul was the most open minded person on the stance, so I asked him to leave the special project to get the state departments and agencies to once again look for it. Been loud and like to Sodam Hussein. He chaired a meeting the next state that had developed an official position on the relationship between Iraq and alkaita. All agencies in the department agreed there was no cooperation between the two. A member ran into that effect was sent up to the president, but there was never any indication that it reached him. That's all I'm going to read. That should be enough. Right from the beginning it was Iraq. Here was the excuse they were waiting for. Exploiting the lives of those 3,000 people who died on 9, 11, so they could carry out their plans for the Iraqi attack. We're now hundreds more are dying and it's going to be thousands and thousands of innocent Iraqis too. And a public is like, oh no you're wrong, Neil. Iraq was behind 9, 11, that's what we heard somewhere. We heard somewhere. We heard it on the down. I'm sure somewhere. Oh, the internet. Yeah, I'm on the internet somewhere. I read in one of them chat rooms. So you see that was worthwhile even it was kind of ponderous right, right, so it was definitely worth it. Oh, I thought we were going to say it was definitely ponderous. 27 past 11 at 5 60 WQM. Hey, looking for a fun and original gift for somebody's birthday new baby bear or maybe for Easter. Send them a beargram from Vermont teddy bear or just call 1 800 829 bear and friendly bear counselor will help you choose for over 100 bears personal life for your loved one and deliver their famous gift box with free cart and chocolate. You can choose from bears like the new baby bear with the baby's name and birthday to board it on the bib. They've got some great bears for Easter too, like the traditional hair bear with bunny ears. The Francis O'Hare bear overnight and 70 deliveries guarantee so call 1 800 829 bear or shop online at Vermont teddy bear dot com. Show your care send a bear. It's the creative alternative flowers with her dentist no matter hours for any occasion like Easter like she was like a pasa call today toll free 1 800 829 bear. Be sure and tell that old Neil toward you to call 1 800 829 B.E.A.R. My life and local. We're sports radio 5 60. You a And now ladies and gentlemen the former president of the United States William Jefferson Clinton. Good morning. Before I begin I'd like to give a shout out to fan Tasia Borena from American Idol. Any time any place. Tech's message me sometime honey. Waitley you've been hearing a lot of rhetoric about me and my administration allowing Osama bin Laden to a nude capture. For the record I want you to know I have no idea who al Qaeda is. I have never met. Al face to face. Though I do suspect we have made love in the Naomio world chat room. I'm pretty sure one of us must have misrepresented our sexual identity. I know I'll go or Al Pacino. Weird Al. And I will admit I may have had a drink with Al's brother Joe Kada. But I do not know Al quick break for another shout out to Yohana from America's next hot model. Ow. Any time any place. I have no earthly idea why the Clark would say the things he's saying. How do someone who hosted fan stand have any knowledge of international terrorism? For having sex. If he was that good. Donnie Osman would have had to replace him. And blippers, plumbers and practical jokes would still be out there. Quick break down for another shout out to Amber from Survivor All Stars. Don't boss and rob and come get Harlem Bill. Wow. In conclusion let me say I am endorsing Jim Carrey from President. He has the experience. In terms of its leadership quality, lots of money and most importantly, he can talk with his butt. A Viking, letting out. Take that rad and sleep rest. 1132 or 560 W. Which of these people makes you want a PQ when you see them on TV towards the W. Busch 190 nobody can touch the W. 190 votes, Rosie O'Donnell 78. Ricky Tickey Sanchez 33, Bob Novak 21, Opo 17, Gloria All Red, seven to a dozen kind of lesitin you're going to do a lot of pukin tomorrow those ten can be pukin or guts a so what do you think we ought to put the audio on tomorrow summit sure couple of hours couple hours good kind of lesis got ten uh Ellen degenerate seven per seltin's got six act they realize what a skanky bitch he is perfect jet bush down the rum spelled five of peace can't reese four crisp a reef four highly insensitive dentist Miller and Dr. Phil three of these spilky's deraise got a pair and you don't want to see him he'll come all's got to the weather for reencibles him for you and have any out of four or six five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on a AT&T in Verizon wireless line w q m hello q m all and a great well have a great life w q m hello this is good w q m hello you're doing pretty good uh... i got a name for how about wookie gold work oh gee i may change my vote good one yeah all right i will get a one and you two have a gay day a great day davis five six seven five sixty pound five sixty got that wookie gold work he is probably a can handle it joshes and make it will be right there on our website but don't do it one john ask croft looking check those bd guys first to make sure to look in the other way i can't you know if it's a good thing Eric made a real good choice to put Maryland and roll on this week because if we put Maryland and we're on doing a regular week in other words the non-easter paysaw week which we got a very limited amount limited number of people out there we'd like bus to bring the broken whole thing and we'd overloaded so that's going to work in fact i think that's really it uh... i hate to say this because you know me i'm a stewarder uh... sour but fifty five thousand plus at this time of the year and i'm all in the game is to indicate that people are either board the death or just really uh... work that about something to do it's opening day because there's really uh... a lot of people gone you do realize that don't you of course tonight's the big test though tonight's a real it depends on how many people come out to that and your prediction is uh... by eight five hundred oh come on eighty five hundred tell you even even the anxious blue jays have gotten blown out by Detroit seven up and in six seven or three or something like that the first two games they had forty eight thousand the sky dome opening on day two days ago and yesterday they had twenty one thousand you know y'all should have had two games tonight live here in town but the heat and uh... the heat how many people going to be at the heat game and they're only going to be a mosa hair piece off oh yeah you see more the game than i give them a little uh... salute for us oh yeah when that great big rate of during his broadcast of what Boston station is carrying that busy or hdh what's they got it not sure i'm gonna find out or you'll find out i mean we're gonna be a lot of you know more we're gonna be modern being we're gonna be playing clips all day so don't make any mistakes okay be right on your tippy toes i kind of feel now like we're turning tables on him you know what i mean in other ways tonight we can say to him i'm listening yeah there you go that's right we're monitoring your performance in a better be really sensational or you're gonna get a lot of crap from everybody specially jill rose rumor i'm here in his that jill rose wants those tapes are lots of bad which certainly i'd alive in a show up a little bit five six seven oh five sixty pong five sixty on a eight t and t and horizon marvelous line wn hello yes new yes sir d james Kennedy oh yeah d james corroborate press material in the anti-semitic shirts thank you d james Kennedy dot that you can put doctor james Kennedy alright as in like doctor rise don't forget doctor rice is gonna be testified tomorrow before the 9-11 commission if those of you will only be near your radio not your tv will put somebody all you want now what she makes you twenty minute opening statement or we put that on all now i don't want to hear a prop for pre-fabricated prop again that the bush speech right is already put down there for i want to hear what she uh when they put her feet to the fire if they do if they do we'll see they talk about again we'll see how uh keen and all the other ones on there had just just how hard they really uh twist and pull in the ankle twist wqm hello the band's books you know that don't wqm hello qm yes stop two for the whisper today what is it sir speak to me not there wqm hello qm 567560 and i want to see a deal today like i said there's nobody in town so we're getting like the same eight people including the whisper and then a little squiggly uh Terry Jerry whatever's name is this week wqm hello can you sir well i think it could be in a little tough on El Presidente and his cracker jack staff yeah i mean war on terror war on Iraq and he wanted to make them a state Eddie time i see Sean Hannity i have to run to the so that okay good excellent choice he runs to the cracker can we still say that oh if he runs to the Sean Hannity S.E.A.A.N. H.A.N. and i.T. y got it good nice drive there jack he's a fast diaper 567560 pound we want to get at least 1050 thousand calls on here before two o'clock now getting back to this device i was telling you about before and this is not something i made up and it's in radio ink they would do not kind of a website that's going to put some phony baloney thing on there this is space AG and ridiculous as it sounds it's for real guardian encosystems not ronco but encosystems has released guardian and automated profanity elimination in spoke and wordal logging system for radio and television broadcasters young failing will take place officially April 19 at the A.B. air convention in Vegas it's actually the big uh... i'll raise money to go out there to Vegas to cover that huh maybe he can get his listeners to call in send him some cash we can go out to Vegas again to cover it this early on more important than that in a film uh... was that thing called combine the combine i still don't know what that is i never heard that in my life before this station started putting that crap on here over to big one out there spending his own money to cover it what is it again it where everyone like you know like all the college kids up to go there and they get time in the forty the bench press they could just like to see all their statistics basically so other with this like a skills competition yeah you got to set the skills watch it now watch it he started to get dance right on a line again and co-systems president Eugene Novicex is important for broadcasters to properly deal with a vegetable material there haven't been any important developments in technology for them until now guardian adds high-end speaker independent speech recognition software to the traditional profanity delay and i like the seven-secondally we got yep well this adds something really special to it the technology that we developed for our in-caption product proved to be perfect for using an intelligent automated broadcast delay while that leaves us out the broadcaster maintains two lists of words of phrases within guardian there's one list for words to eliminate like that and another words to log guardian constantly monitors the broadcast air feed using variable length elacer the settings when a word of phrase from either list is detected guardian can bleep mute and or log the event the date time logging is enhanced by storing of a small piece of the actual audio for future reference so they can go back and see say look at it you said you said that and even have the time you said it that's crazy so i got one of you that again when a word or phrase from either list is detected guardian can bleep mute and or log the event guardian is a two-rack unit device with stereo balance analog and AES ebu inputs whatever that is an outputs and features contact closures for control of external devices or alert mechanisms it will be available in may of 2004 and i guarantee i guarantee a busy to be on top of that before you can say grid reads of puts 19 till noon at five sixty qm the mad dog at two the hump or the Hebrew hammer at four from the uh... heater rena now see that malan is a guest since most of the doony broadcast again that would be classic oh man even i would sit in here listen to that oh that would be for hours my and all this is for real by six see a proof and to be we cleaned up our act in accordance with the project for a new american century cars from daily yeah you're out of here you got a brand new mtv dj by digging up the body of snookie lanson hey suki you're out that didn't work out well so we found someone even less exciting than a dead man meteor you empty dv jerry smits hello i'm how are you smits from it tonight for the reintroduction of the internet and only playing a singing group from australia the seaker orange the sun fell rising A top-aid of the militant Iraqi-Curric Mokata al-Sadar said today that a supporters of captured number of soldiers from the US-led coalition during clashes-scornely taking place across a large swath of Iraq. Some tribes have captured some occupation forces on the streets. He told a news conference in the Shiite Muslim Holy City of Najafi gave no further details in his conference as broadcast by Lebanon's Al-Manar TV station, Malf-Pi-Sidi militant Shiite Hezbollah group. No immediate comment from the US-led forces in Baghdad. It's going to be really if you think it was bloody in SDD today, it's going to just get more and more s'mores. And more growth-esque. Here's a fact that says that it's getting bad, you ain't seen nothing yet, but in regard to censorship he's talking about. The FCC and the FBI are endorsing next generation broadband technology called BPL Broadband Over Powerlines have a effectively turn every electoral outlet in your house into a broadband internet connection. Manufacturers of Hinsumer Electronics soon will be enabling TVs, DVD players, PCs, refrigerators, posters, etc. to communicate over the internet. The introduction of the new IPv6 addressing scheme will open up literally billions of new TCP slash IP addresses make this easily possible. So in other words, your pop up toasted can talk to my blender. Nice. And it's going to say, no. Suppliers will tap this as being able to monitor your preferences to better market goods, but imagine a DVD player sending a little email message directly to John Aschrop where you drop in a gay porn or Tim Robbins movie and in nice little page GFBI file. You can also easily manage what else this would imply. BPL being broadcasted with the entire US power grid will also completely interrupt the 8 to 80 megahertz shirt wave band because new interference on low respect and the AM band 560 for example, sound far pitched it says it's already on the way. You ain't seen nothing yet. John Kennedy, we got him on there, right? Says the biggest, the biggest hole on TV. Here we got him. I see, here's a chronic Tucker facts here. He says, I don't know if it was just a coincidence, but I've actually puked that you're seeing an colder. Oh, that's good. That's how we take this long to put her on and ask the bitch. P.S. Be sure if you don't sure if you mentioned it, but your close personal friend, uh, but it's handwriting at Tucker is really bad. Something new as, uh, can you read that? Not really. Was elected to the college football hall of fame. It surprised out about managed. But what does it say there? I really can't read the bottom of that one. Then terrible. I get your handwriting fixed and maybe it's both ties in a way, poor Tucker. Jim Manich was elected to college football hall of fame. Oh, right. Remember 88. Of course, his bad promise he played for me, Schigan. How unfortunate that he played for me, Schigan. It's only a miracle that he want to put on two rings with it often. Oh, but it plays for me, Schigan. Of course, I know somebody else who played for me, Schigan's got two superbowl rings. His name's Tom Brady. I just mentioned that in passing. I think I figured out what it said. Oh, and say old number 88 old number 88. Van handwriting Tucker terrible. Get with it. Van Stein somebody says a very good choice. He is obnoxious. People are making one a pukus. As soon as he's seen on TV, make your reach for that channel change. You're like, just go nuts. Practically break your hand, uh, is grabbing for it. And the channel change you too. Why didn't say that? I didn't say, cramp. Let's see, units Kennedy Schriver rinkled old bag. That. It says here Josh from Boko. It's the first time ever saw black actually in print. Nice going, Josh. Have you spelled that? Black? Nice. Like that. OK. You got units Kennedy Schriver. You got it. Very good. He's on top of it. This Josh. Well, he's trying to stay in a good mood. Oh, and did you hear the song that was playing on MTV? They're in a poker Brian bit? No, I didn't. Shrimp boats? Yeah, that's a song. I mean, maybe four year time. So you didn't know what that song. Shrimp boats is a common. So what's it called? CM boats. Moats. Rick Santorum. There's another right way. You schmuck that we hope never to see again. That's what Andrew and Pittsburgh says. Good choice, Andrew. Rick Santorum, SANT or RUM. You can't put to the scum in you and without Rick Santorum. In fact, you can't spell. I saw that on somebody's website. You can't spell Quagmire without Iraq. Did you ever stop and think about that? I didn't. Now look, it's spell Aquagmire. Quagmire. Right. QAG. QU AG. MIR. Okay. Now, if you find the four letters in there, I, I, I, I, Q. I got it. Can't spell Quagmire without Iraq. That's the way Rick Santorum. So where I saw that. That was very perspicacious on their part. Bill Mares, somebody says, bad spelling here, but they're trying to make fun of the way he talks. I guess, M, A, T, R, Bill Mares. Pookey, little nerd. And I don't care if I agree with everything he says. I just, I just can't stand him, you know. Like Santorum, while Rosie's an out of the closet, Dijk, you should be proud of it on embarrassed. I'm embarrassed. In fact, I'm going to, I'm going to start dating women. I'm so embarrassed. Well, maybe not. Top Senate Republican pushes quick and decency vote. I mentioned this before, but it deserves a little bit better. Look, or closer peek. Senate Republican leader Bill Frist. Is attempting to work out a deal with Democrat to limit debate on legislation that would increase the fines people pay. For broad casting, smut, so that a vote on a bill could come tomorrow. See how fast they want to ramrod this through. Supporters of legislation in tried to ramrod. Look at that. Ramrod the legislation to the Senate to the end or next, but I did procedure. But they ran into problems as various groups in Democrats began to raise objections on voting on a bill without debate. Frist has been trying to work out time agreements with Democrats so that they'll be assured to baton the vote on Thursday, meaning tomorrow. One GOP Senate 8 said, but it was unclear whether Frist is going to be able to get them a scratch to go along with his plan. Democratic AIDS also said the Tennessee Senator had been working their bosses in tentative vote before the San Jose for spring recess, but no agreement had been reached. There is no time agreement as of now. Senate leadership 8 said there's not been any serious discussion of a time. But Frist efforts may have gotten a lot of money. But Frist efforts may have gotten a vote to Senator John Bro, Democrat of Louisiana, underline the lose part. Is unlikely to push an amendment to include some cable programming under the same and these see regulations that broadcast is happening. That misby one vote is all that misby. When they voted on cable in satellite, Rosememen failed by only one vote in the Senate Commerce Committee, but why said the Senator was leaning against bringing up on the floor. But all they do is put him that off until they pushed this thing through first. Then once they get this through when increasing the fines, then they'll work on cable. And then it'll be satellite and then it'll be the Internet. And then it'll be what you can watch in your hotel room. That makes me upset. I mean, I don't know what it takes. I keep saying, when are the public going to wake up? What? I was thinking about this yesterday. It was a show about on a biography channel about Dow and Jones. The two guys who founded the stock market. There really was a Dow and a Jones. Do you know that? No. Now you know it. Pretty interesting show. And I was saying there. I was almost biting my tongue so hard. It was bleeding because I kept, they were talking about the Great Depression about all the various scans that came down the pike. Michael Milkin and all these people that ripped off the public. And I'm thinking to myself, and I've said this before, I don't understand why American people are so passive. You think there'd be a revolution of some kind. People work all their lives. They have a few hundred thousand or whatever they got put away. So they can retire someday. Don't have to work until they croak. And all of a sudden they discovered that they've been peddled. Thanks to the gambling channel and a bunch of other phony brokers. I don't want to mention no names. They've been peddled. They've picking up poke as the saying goes. And then peddled a bunch of crap. And be frauded by Enron and World Common. Tyco and all of these other grave robbers. And it's kind of like, oh well, gee, we feel really bad. Okay, maybe we'll put some of these people in jail. Although there's a mist around the tyco case. These guys just to walk around free. And the public just says, back, oh, what was me? What was me? I guess I'm going to have to keep working forever. You see what I'm saying? Yep. I just don't understand why the public isn't revolting. Why they're not having to risk breakdown. Whether or not bomb burning the White House with letters and telegrams and phone calls until, I mean, we got a hundred billion dollars to waste over there, so we can kill a whole bunch of innocent people and sacrifice a whole bunch of American people. We got a hundred billion dollars for that. And that's only the beginning by the way. That's just the tip of the iceberg. It's going to be hundreds of billions. And the long one is probably going to be a trillion dollars or more. They're all going to flush down the toilet and you rack. They're all nervous, no. Now, wouldn't it be really nice if we could take those hundreds of billions of dollars and say to all of these people now in their 60s? Hey, guess what? The government, just like we did with that Neil Bush scandal with the Silverado savings and loan. And we bailed all the SNLs out. We found might to do that. So all the SNLs have been going to go out of it. We're going to like help you people out if you're lost. We're going to give you back 50% or maybe all your money that you're lost. I'll start your retirement money. Because you were sold fraudulent crap. Let's put some lipstick on his pig. I'm going to tell you something. Most of you stockworkers out there belong in jail. Don't you agree with that? I don't want my chain names. And I'll tell you who really belongs in jail. And that's the peddlers on the gambling channel. And I don't care how many times Ted David calls in on his show. And I guess you know he regularly calls his show. Yep. And I don't care how many first names he's got or how Jewish he is. The fact that a matter is all you people on CNBC, you belong in jail. Because they're always peddling. They're always pushing. Oh, it's the new economy against the old economy. Was there a new economy? There is no it was a new economy. It's just bullcrack. And even though the supposed come back, although today's not looking too good, there I see a lot of red and I see a down 88 on the down 86 and down 99 on the next day. But I see like some micro systems. But you don't understand the only making the computer chips that go in every whatever it hell they make. I don't know. I don't even know what they make. Do you? I've got to Josh does. A lot of a lot of electronics. Like I said, our computer wizard. No wonder Eric didn't want to hand you over to the keys to the kingdom yet. Oh, he wants to work on it. Huh? He wants to. Yeah, Betty does. He's a little bit nervous. But anyway, I'm doing that stock was $117. It's $4 a share. Okay. Not to mention of course the dot times that went out of business. And everybody lost all of their money on those. And not to mention of ones like Ask Jeves that were like 50 and 60 and 80 bucks to share. They're not like penny stocks if they're still in business at all. Anybody going to get their money back on that? No, of course not because they were defrauded. They were defrauded all of that crap. Remember all the day trading that was going on the gate trading? Oh, man. It was crazy. And at goofball that was on all those spots. It was on at once. Bob, we're putting the hand Mr. President. You're a you're a whatever the hell that line was about how much the stock you want to buy and he's there by Kmart and you're right. The way of the future, Mr. President. All of their bull crap. And all these people quit their jobs. They were sitting around in the house in the gate trading. And other all broke. I just mentioned those things in passing. It's good. It's been ripped off. Three minutes till noon at 5.60. W.M. You just sit there and watch your agenda. Jackson again. My life and love. This is for 20 by 60. You and you. Go, Mr. Boots. And I've visited him to the dwell to warn an hour. I've seen his small things. I've seen his big boat. I'll go, go, go. I saw him. I've hopped those during the scene. I've got cold. Oh my friends. Think of us. And with the red pink bars. I've seen his small things. I've seen his small bars. I saw him in my shaving green. So I left him all my face. When I went to work. I looked like a jerk and I was fired in the spring. Driving home. I was all alone. Thinking someone's playing tricks on me. But in the rear view mirror. I could see cases staring back at me. I saw him in my car. Oh my friends. Think of us. And the red pink bars. I've seen his small things. Think of us. And the red pink bars. I saw him in my car. I saw him in my car. I saw him in a bowl of spaghetti in the sky. I saw his mother's car. Yes, I saw him in my car. I saw him in my car. Oh my friends. Think of us. And the red pink bars. I saw him in my car. Think of us. Think of us. Think of us. I saw him in my car. I saw him in my car. I saw him in my car. I saw him in my car. I saw him in my car. I saw him in my car. I saw him in my car. And then this Friday is good Friday. And what do you say? I think that's what you say? Good Friday in a Kelly? Yeah. And anyway, good Friday, which means it's a day off for a lot of people. And of course, a lot of the Jews are pretending that they're going on that day. So they'll take the day off. Just like they're going to pretend that the Jewish and the Jew holidays. Like, the word I had was not only yesterday was a just a vacant scene. But also Monday. Everybody bailed out a QM. Now, I don't understand why because Passover didn't begin until sundown on Monday. Another one day like savings time. Sundown is like what? 70 to clock? Yeah, at least. I said this the other day. And I'll say it again. So what if he used to people that bailing out one two and a half to noon? I just want to go screw off. Getting ready for Passover. Getting ready. Going to buy the moths and going to like kosher the house. All of these things, right? Yep. Going to get your pay us all. To be answered up. Got to wash your hands like 10 times. And washing your titses and your all these things. Leah fast out of bans and plebeels. Speaking of what I was talking about just before the break of these. These people should be on death row. And a lot of us would be delighted to pull this way. It's not that I ever bought in-rong. But nevertheless. XN rod executive Leah fast out of the wife of X chief financial officer Andrew Fashdow. Change your plea to not kill the offiling of false tax return. After the judge in her case, we checked in a plea agreement with federal prosecutors. What is this today? Judge David Hittner. Move the trial of Leah fast out former assistant treasure at the energy trading company. To Brown's bill taxes from Houston said a Jewish-selection native June 2nd. Hittner had suggested he would not stick to the recommended prison term of five months. Leah fast out plebeels. Leah fast out plebeels. Jenny were 14. The same day her husband plebeels. The government has been plebeels. And agreed to cooperate with the ongoing proband n runs 2000 on collapse. The proposed prison term as designed so the fast out young children would not be without at least one of their parents. Is that heartwarming? Very nice. Yeah. I feel so much better for those kids now. Okay? I think that's interesting because then this other broad, very possibly after they check around and say all about she watches passions and she's a lot more sane than Mrs. Wallace. And most of the characters on that show. So just turn her loose that bitch in Texas. Tyler Texas. That's stoner kids to that. And I don't know if that could happen to the Bible. Tell you that. Don't the Muslims believe in stoning their kids to that? Sure. And the Bible. The Old Testament tells you if your kids are disobedient, they shall surely be stoned to death. Do you ever read that? Nope. You better go back and read your Bible, Mr. because you sure don't know your Bible. I do not. You better put it right with the lore before it's too late. Feel good. That's the one. Might be too late for me. I think you're right. Too late for Zack. Especially anybody that you know gluttony. I think isn't gluttony a sin. Absolutely. Yeah. So we're all doomed. You and the beast yours truly. We're all doomed. We're going to burn in hell anyway. Somebody as well enjoy it. Yeah. Why not order some lunch. We did. Did you really? What do you got? I love how he's. Although they almost killed me with that 45 pounds of bacon at one day. Oh my god. I remember. I tell everyone that story. That's a true story. My inner's were like, in fact. You know the shortage of oil. It's a good thing. They didn't find me for a long time because I had enough oil in my body to apply gas for the entire human race for about a month. I never seen 45. Huh? I never seen so much bacon. Yeah. It was like a bug. When your fat pig like you are, like I am, you just sit there and you keep it. And bacon is crunchy. You just eating it. It's like popcorn. You just keep showing it down your throat. Oh, what's the problem? And that just tore my guts up. Man, so we love your howies, but don't overdo it, please. But I was going to suggest, you know, Jeff Cohen was calling in the other day looking for a free plug and he got one. And he was going to bring you the moths of pizza. Yeah, I'd like to try some of that. I mean, you would like it. It's very good stuff. And even Josh was a guy who should cup. He wouldn't enjoy it. What? What would you have somewhere? Even some golem like moths. And Tishki. Pretty good. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. 5, 5, 60. 5, 60 on the eight. Now let's get this straight. Okay. The Chinese must have stolen. They must have stolen the one time from the Jews who made Creplot. How about it? Start first. Because Mark, Mark, Marko Polo stole it for the Italians. Pasta that whole business. So the Chinese make one times and the Chinese make gravity. Only the Jews make Creplot. It's all the same crap. Yep. Just if you had it first. I don't know. Come here. You and hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. I like to antique. I'll add your bowl. Go ahead. How about a nante grace? Nante grace makes me want a puke for hours. I'm your family. Thanks, pal. 5, 6, 7, yeah. You don't know who that is. From court TV that's always on Larry King. Even the host King once a while. Larry is the bi-new sister. He's a great girl. He's a great girl. He's a great girl. He's a great girl. He's a great girl. He's a great girl. He's a great girl. He's a great girl. He's a great girl. He's a great girl. He's a great girl. He's a great girl. Well, Larry's the bi-new sister. Yes. Nasty would at Tony's son and draw her. Oh, she might be on right now. Court TV. Let me take a little peek, okay? A court TV? No, because a spotter actually taking a hard line. Oh, he said hard. We can't say that. He said a line. I'm nervous to put any of these cable channels on because God willing knows what these the purverts are going to say. Quarantine grace. Now, right now. That's a good news. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Which of these people makes you most want to puke your guts out when you see them on TV? Make it just raced for that channel changer. I'll like you if you're remote my hand all the time. Don't you? Yeah, after. I want to those people. I'm flipping it and flipping it. George W.257. Rosie O'Donnell 108. Rick, she's been pretty well. But I thought that was my choice. Rick Sanchez 41. Bob Novak 24. The cohost of Cluster. Oprah 18 Gloria already team kind of leases got 16. A lot of people going on tomorrow, man. Please, a condolese. She's going to lie through a teeth. And of course, she's got that that's why. That's why she's got that big gap between her two front teeth. She could lie easier. So she can lie through it. Dr. Phil 15, another drool and red neck man. Ellen G. Gen. 9. Paris Hilton's got 7, Jim Bush 7 and Tom Rumsfield 7. Why her to stare about Catherine Harris. I heard that she, um, What the f***? Did you hear that? I did. Dennis Miller six. Spilky's the race six. Sean Hannity five. Christopher Reeves five. Uh, Kennew Reeves four. Kennew Reeves is right on Christopher Reeves. Ask. And unfortunately, Chris can't do anything about it. Dr. James Kennedy four and then quarter three. We'll be go bird two. Bill Kamal. She's got two. Bill Mars got one and no votes yet for Ben Stein. Rick San Thor. I'm nobody knows who that is. Except in Pennsylvania. You missed Kennedy Shriver. Civil Shepherd or Nancy Grace out of five seven. You missed Kennedy Shriver. I mean, how often is she on TV? Um, yeah, exactly. How about Maria Shriver? Now we don't want to put her on her. She's busy with Arnold. She's the first lady of California now. The girl. Oh, line nine is ringing. Gotta grab that. QA and hello. Neil. Yes sir. Star Jones. Star Jones is a good choice. Oh, man. That's it. Thanks, Pally. I'm going to do some star Jones. Got it. That's easy. You should be able to spell both of those. How about Ken Star? We don't see him anymore. Ken Star who told James Carval in the airport in Atlanta back during the monocodays. I'm going to get your boy. We're going to get him. We're going to get him. Good religious guy. That Kenny Star. Now, who do you like better? Kenny Star. Ringo star. K star. Or star Jones. Ringo. Any day. I don't think he's really got very much telling you know. Nami a good Ringo star song. Are they he did by himself? Um. It's a good thing. But he was there. Everybody. Every group has got to have a drummer. Very rarely is the drummer like you know. A big hot shot. Really a musician. They just said they're name bang on a thing. And they bang on a thing. Yeah. It's a 12 minutes pass. It just be very careful. I just want to alert you because you do need the job. Yep. And because Mo would like nothing better than see you get totally blown out of there. So I'm just I'm just cautioning that we have this heightened sensitivity as I'm sure you're well aware is I'm sure that all they produce has been warned and and heavy duty meetings have the brain intensive meetings there. Yes sir. With parents and muff. Yep. All those other programming ladies will that's good. So just keep that in mind as we go on because I don't want to have to do that to you. No, I don't want you to. When you shop for quality footwork great selection and professional service. There's only one place to go and at a course by now you ought to know Brandy Susan Pompano Beach at Brandy's will find the biggest lesson men's women shoes the best service and the best prices in town. Period. At Brandy's they got all the top things that you know and love even somebody don't know but you will love them rot ports floor shine. S.A.S. Spiries timber naturalizer and lots more and with Brandy's huge selection chances are they're never going to give it that so good dance. Oh, sorry. We just don't have that size in your style. You want it. They got it ready to slap on your big fat foot. So find out why most of Brandy's customers don't really keep coming back and half for years but they usually by several pair on each visit. Brandy's is open daily nine to nine Sundays 10 to five and they're in a good place. And they're in a same great location they've been making great deals for years and years. 12 90 North Federal Highway in Pompano Beach. It's always worth the trip no matter where you are. Right now it's that big red tag current sale going on at Brandy's. What means great savings because men's and women's famous brand. She names shoes have extra savings waiting for you. Stop in a store or check them out on the web at Brandy's shoes that's with two buses Brandy's shoes dot com. The logo is 50. The radio is on your cue. Penis I've never had one I swear. All right. Let me back in the ball game. I admit facing fence. It only took me about 14 years to go on TV with crack at out his with don't wait. For me to say sorry. I ain't taking the blame. I fed once twice. Baby three times out of view. Ball games. Supposed we into the Hall of Fame. I deserve to be in. I'm not really a total crook. Read all about it in my Brandy book. Go I bet bet on my own team. And if I pretend to feel shame. I will bet. They let me back into the old game. No. I hope not. Scumbag man. Oh I got. I got that. I had it dump myself. Can you believe that? Yep. Can you believe we can't say that? It's unbelievable. That that to me. That's my favorite of all the things. I mean that is so ridiculous. See this is what's happened with this company with the nervous Nellies we got in there. See it was okay to say penis. Like I think we do with mandatory I had no penis. See penis is okay. That's what stuff says. You know what I mean? Yep. He knows his penis. But when it comes to bag we can't say that. In fact there are several things you can't say in front of bag. You can't say with a D and you certainly can't say with the bag with an S. Nope. But that's what P roses he's a bag. In fact either you pick your own purpose there. Whatever you want from a bag. Pop is got a brand new bag. That's P rose man. He is the lowest of the low. Low life. I may draw the line at that. I don't buy that. I don't agree with that. I just don't accept it. I realize that they own a radio station but the idea that we can't say S. Bag that is just it is it's so ludicrous. It's so common place right? I can't believe it. No I mean back in the day long time ago that was a reference to something else. Long ago was I don't want to get to graphic. But I mean now it just means is a low life a dirt bag. Okay that's a dirt bag. Can we still say that? I'm sure. Oh no. Oh no. Oh. And speaking of things we can't say and I hope Secretary of the Earth mean attorney general asker I don't get one of this. This is some very bad news for him. Frequent ejaculation may counter prostate cancer. Squirtscore? I'd be like that. Oh. Sexual activity does not cause prostate cancer and men who ejaculate frequently may even be protecting themselves against the disease. US researchers reported yesterday. The study was involved more than 29,000 healthy men and covered sex of all kinds including masturbation and internal emissions confirms a smaller australian study for my strata which similar conclusions. See we can say this because this is clinical. See it's a news story. Gotcha. So it's okay. Yeah it was a little bit of it was like if it was like Jocelyn elders talking about masturbation and making jokes about it then we certainly could not pass it then he'd have to open up his big mouth again. Most of the previous research into the question was on whether sexual frequency caused prostate cancer on the theory that increased production of the male hormone testosterone or prompt prostate cell growth. The study's chief author Michael Lightzman said in interviews sounds like a due to me. But the new research found that ejaculation frequency is now related to an increased risk. There is no adverse effect and higher elevations of ejaculation appear to protect men from developing prostate cancer said Lightzman a physician investigator for the National Cancer Institute. Now that does me to everybody should like you know start you know what I'm saying. That's good news though. In fact if they want to check out Merlin Monroe on our website of the over the age of 80. See if there are over the age of 80 we don't have to worry about them too much because that picture isn't going to arouse them I don't have to get accused of like you know doing all these growth test things. Yep. The study suggested that frequently ejaculation made increased the concentration of chemical chemical carcinogens which readily accumulated in prostateic fluid and may reduce the development of crystal lides which have been associated with prostate cancer in some men. Crystal lides. What's on Crystal Lloyd blue persuasion time he James. The prostate is a small man that produces some of the fluid for semen. Another naval love. Good catch there. prostate cancer is the second most common kind of cancer after skin cancer diagnosed among US men and as highly survivable if caught in time the new study published this week journal the Mercum Medical Association was based on ongoing survey covering a variety of health issues of thousands of men 40 to 75 on the study began in 86 and 92 they were asked report the average number oh my god they were asked to report the average number of ejaculation they had for a month during ages 20 to 29 40 to 49 and during the previous year. I mean are there guys like writing it on the well like when you're in jail you know you write down the number of days on a wall. I've never heard of that you never know in later surveys the rest report they've been diagnosed with prostate cancer. The survey which covered the thousand seventy nine prostate cancer patients in 1259 healthy men found that those who had sex at least once a day in their 20s were a third less likely developed a prostate cancer the more you flush the ducts out what you do in John and flush the ducts out. Don't let you well there's a good line for you okay. Hey Tony what are you doing over there flush my ducts out. The more your flush it when it down flush them out. That's what mow always says right. Huh? The more you flush the ducts out the less the risk to hang around in danger the cells of the line them graham jaws we've all throw the earlier study set at the time. Lightspin said his new study is consistent with the Australian findings and may even be stronger because the track meant over time rather than asking to recall the ejaculation frequency. Oh how to help you remember that only after they'd already been diagnosed with cancer. So there you go. When it out flush it out can we say that anymore. Oh yeah. So I would not want to know what it means if you speak in code and you keep the code secret that it's all right. But once they know what you mean the motor on to you then you can't say it no more. So when and out it out. George W. Look at that he is off to the races man which of these people makes you out of puk when you see him on TV George W. Bush 280 I was watching his performance yesterday you know. I say we've great sadness. Our president. He's he's a moron. He is an absolute moron. He was talking about all the stuff is going on you know all the latest attacks and phallugious going crazy in the dragon bodies of American soldiers through the streets and he's going to make a speech to so much of those those and he's saying we will not be intimidated. If you haven't noticed anywhere that's got more than two syllables he likes and unseated like drugs and how like he's talking to a bunch of little school kids like he wasn't so that they back on 9.11. You know I'm talking about. Yep. We will not be intimidated. Like you see then I just said a word with a whole bunch of syllables in our two side are to impressed. Maybe he can't really pronounce that well. So he's trying to help himself. Maybe it's a suburbable suggestion. It's possible happy intimidated. And just to listen to the whole the whole presentation I mean like like some kind of a moron and there are still about half of the country that supports this guy believes he's a president no matter how many lies he told no matter how many lies he sacrificed what is wrong with you people. God. It's unbelievable. It would be like us right now saying what you know LVJ was right in Vietnam and the Nixon 2L. I mean what is that all about just like the people of water with tax carry you can take them for a lot of other things and be in two face and both sides of a lot of issues. But as far as coming back from Vietnam and having the balls to say hey guess what it was wrong and we're portraying slaughtering people over there and this is all about nothing. I say more power to them just like those people that were crucifying Jay and Honda. Han Oye Jay and all of that crap. Giving aid and comfort to the enemy. All that ballooning. Fifty eight thousand kids they brought back in body bags and we still haven't learned our lesson. Now we got the same crap going on all over again and we got half the kind of fifty seven percent think we did the right thing by going in lead us pull the other day. Fifty seven percent think it was right for the Iraq attack. That's not so. Crazy people based on what did they have weapons and mass destruction where they connected with Al Qaeda today have anything to do with 911. No but other than that. But Sodom was a bad guy. He's a bad guy that we put in power that we armed to the teeth. He was our puppet against Iran against the Shah against the uh... I a total rather. The Shah was another one of our puppets. So you're apparently to put in a puppet something happened something bad. How are we doing the Haiti by the way? I'm sorry Colin Paul said now we don't want to look into that just forget about it. Just leave all enough of that. If that's the new model with Colin Paul no matter what they ask him. Have you noticed that? No matter what the question is it's. But got about it. Yeah. I think I should be listening to the most show. Okay. Let's get back to the pool. I'm getting really worked up and I'm not going to change any opinions. I mean, those people are want to keep voting for Bush and kissing his ass and cover up the truth. They're going to keep doing the same. It's pathetic. Not about politics in this particular case. It's about the future of a freaking world. The bottom of much of lunatics wolfwits and parole in Shani and rum spell who basically are running the whole government while his bows are running around. I'll be relapian intimidated. WQM. Hello. WQM. Hello. QM. Yeah. Neil. I'd like to give my opinion on why the people seem to be so apathetic and not going to do anything. And what is that? Sir. When they institute a graph again, I think in it affects people closely and their children are involved. I think things will start to change. Yeah. A lot of those troops are going on their third tour now. Yeah. Eventually they have to be released. And I think they're running into that problem right now. Yeah. The draft may become a man. That's when was that so rumble is we're hearing. If the Bush might get to the rig in January of 90 of 2005 or six, whatever it holds going to be. Five. They're talking about the draft. So just keep that in mind. Okay. Because now we need more troops in Iraq because we don't have it up to that all this chaos that's absolutely totally out of control right now. While the media is waiting here from Condoleezza line to that big gapter teeth tomorrow for a couple of hours. I don't know what the big Timis is going to be because you know she's just going to lie and stone wall and lie. Is there any doubt? Nope. No. 26 past known at 5. 60 WQM isn't a time if your mattress is worn out lumpy and bumpy and you're not getting the kind of sleep you ought to begin. Then you call out a mattress kit with it. Dalamacros backs up everything they say in their advertising 100% but the competitors still lie like crazy. They lie through their teeth like Condoleezza. When you see a mattress that making outrageous claims do yourself a favor, read the fine print. Here's an example of some of the lies waiting for you. You see a big ad that says no down payment, no interest, no payments for 24 months. But the tiny print at the bottom reads like an encyclopedia of disclaimers. Requires a minimum purchase higher than the advertised sales prices. Many times not a single advertised that would qualify for financing. Interest penalties are 21% or more. Shoppers who need financing the most rarely qualify. But Dalamacros ads have got no tiny print, no disclaimers. They are straight shooters man. They give it to you right up front. When you call 1-800 Macros, they'll discover there's never enough to charge for same day delivery. Dalamacros takes the same day orders all day long from Kendall to Stewart Palm Beach to Ford Myers. When you call 1-800 Macros, you pick the date and two-art delivery window when you want your mattress delivered. When it's convenient for you when you're going to be home and they'll actually be there. They'll show up. Take away the crappy old vetting set up the brand new window extra charge. Call right now and you'll see why 1-800 Macros is right number one in the world. An overall customer satisfaction. I've been calling these folks for years. Dalamacros reminds you to read that fine print because they want you to know exactly what you're buying even if you decide not to buy from them. So do the smart thing called 1-800 Macros or log onto their website at Macros.com. Dalamacros 1-800-MATTRES. The honest way to get you new bed and a great night's sleep for years to come. We're supposed to be your 5-C4. You a-m. This. If your tooth-based doesn't taste great, your kids don't brush long enough, which could lead to ugly tartar build-up. The solution? Regular check-ups and brushing with new crust. The tartar control tooth-based lays with crack cocaine. They should almost cut in there. Washing get up. Pushing. Rust is not only clinically proven. It's also highly addictive. See your kids will brush and brush and brush. And brush and brush and brush. Come on, Billy. It's been 45 minutes. Fushing. Fushing. If you're not careful, you're going to wear those teeth down the little lemon. Oh god, no! Rust, I'm almost out of crust. Hope your kids and I help you have it for life. Brushing with new crust with crack cocaine. Sure, I'm going to be late for work now, but it's good to see Billy brushing. Get out of the car, Jack. Billy, what are you doing? I sit out. Billy, what are you doing? Got a bowl of cardigan for fries. New crust toothpaste. Waste with crack cocaine. Recommended by 9 out of 10 drug addict. Siddagunno's is a police police city was brushing, not flushing. 1231 at 560 WQM. What do these people make you want to pick when you see Montavey? George W. Bush 309. Rosie O'Donnell 1118. They're the ones like in triple digits. They're way ahead of the pack. And good choices. Rick Sanchez 47. They just have the... Is this yours still on? Does anybody know? That I'm not sure if. I didn't have to see it on the wall. Hmm. What do you mean by that? You've seen the show? I've saw it up like a couple weeks ago. I've seen it. I didn't like it. So he's still on. Pretty lame, Ricky. Okay. Go get a real job. 5-0 back 25. Gloria, all red 21. Oprah 21. That's a good pairing right there. Match made in heaven. Condolees is moving up nicely. She's tired with Dr. Fiddler. Got 20 apiece. Jeb Bush 11. I don't remember putting Jeb Bush on there. Do you? I guess we did. Call her called. Do we put him on there earlier? See, that's what happens when he gets old and people like me, man. Oh, that's right. I was talking about the illegal aliens and drivers licensees. But we see him on TV just on the news once in a while when he's making a announcement like that. Oh, sure. Are you illegal aliens? Here's a driver's license. Here's $50,000. Here's a brand new 507. The Chevy that recondition. Here's a of orders registration card. As long as you put the elephant on it. Still, he's the race. Got nine. They really hate that bitch, you know what? LND Gen. 9, Donald Rumsfield 9, Peris Hilton 8 and Colter 8, I'm surprised you don't have more. Sean Hannity 7, Dennis Miller 6, Christopher Reeve. Poor Chris, man. He's got five. What'd be goldberg 4, Kiana Reeves 4, Dr. James Kennedy, D. James Kennedy 4. Senior anti-Semite. Star Jones 3, Miss Bill Kamala, she's got a pair. That's what the brand orcrosse is. Rick Santorum 1, Bill Mar1, and no votes on the 600th say none for Ben Stein, UNIS Kennedy, a Schriver Kennedy, which I have no idea why we put it around anyway because we never see her. Anti-graced none and civil shepherd don't have any. I still can't figure out why people call in name and then they don't vote for it. Happens all the time. Maybe they just don't have no computer, you think? It's possible. Not, I'll believe it. Everybody's got a computer. Let's say, Karen says, Jim Norton called producer of the Al Franken Show. They want you on as a guest today. Are you out of your mind, Clarence? They want me on as a guest today. The answer is, no! Do that crap. Okay, I'm not on some kind of an ego trip. I'm a dotoring old guy at 2 o'clock. I'm going to lunch. Just as that, Kiltay, is not what I should be doing at 2 o'clock? Absolutely. A fat pig like me, like Zack. He knows 2 o'clock. I'm going straight to lunch. I'm already eating lunch. Al Franken Show? Why would I want to be on with Al Franken for crying out loud? I mean, he's a good guy. He means well, but he's just as wouldn't as a cigarster Indian. He says, I have no idea if you have any of your monitors doing this or even that kind of stuff. I told him was a big question mark. I'm sending this in case I missed you after the show. Missed me after the show, Clarence. I'll be out here like a lightning bolt. It's made day. I made comes on on Wednesday. So it's like I got Rick. Generates sending it to the door going, Mayday, mayday. You like Rick Rick. Regenerate. He's great. He is great. He's exactly like he knows who Rick generate is. Which is good. Yeah. Let's do some hockey talk. We love those maple leaves. There you go. All that stuff. Come on. Let's go. In fact, the series is a start tonight. We got the of Bruins and the Canadians. Van Cooper is playing Calgary. Is that correct? I think so. Yeah. And who else is playing that Detroit? Who's the way we're playing San Jose? Detroit's my Colorado, right? Are they? I don't know. Yeah. Not Paul. Like the Western Conference. I'll look. Yeah. I'm just reaching for my national post day. I was trying to make it. Because you can be sure that there's hockey coverage up the old Breckdown here, man. They're just, look at this. What's hockey? Let's see. Opening round, Vancouver and Calgary. Colorado and Dallas. What do you know, man? St. Louis and San Jose. Oh, I'm sorry. Detroit and Nashville. That's right. I was so happy to see the predators make it because a little very trots. You know, he's been the coach of that team since the inception. And somehow he keeps hanging around. I think he's got naked pictures of David Legwand. But anyway, it's Detroit, I wish I had him. Detroit and Nashville. It leaves him out of was tomorrow. I'll see. This isn't even tell you day by day. That kind of crap is out. Here's today's, uh, I can't find it. I know that the Bruins and Canadians are starting out tonight. That's the important thing, right? Yep. Especially for the Beast who's off the Boston. Yes. I should have asked him where he was going to go see the hockey game. I'm sure. He's a closet. He's a, as the Bruins family. I want to talk to much about it because he realized it's a big turnoff. Oh, and Tampa Bay against the Islanders man. That's the big deal today. Tampa Bay in the Islanders. There's the shock team of the, uh, universe to Tampa Bay Lightning man. They're awesome. Anyway, there's a hockey place. Okay. Okay. Okay. Sorry. What a pony town man. 55,000 phony screaming, uh, f*** holes in the stands yesterday. Who are you people kidding? You, you hit it right on the head when you said tonight will be the acid test. It's going to be the ass test. And from what I'm hearing man with the drought conditions, there hasn't been a drop of rain scene in South Florida in the Hummy days now. Not turned there. More than that. So don't give me a song to dance about well, you know, the weather and there's a cloud in the sky and a pigeon just drop when we thought it was a rainstorm starting. No excuses. Pack that place. World champion Florida Marlins. Let's see. You know, let's put him to the test. I'll talk a good game. Oh, no, no, no. We're real fans. You'll see. Okay. Well, let's see. The cheapest kick in town man. You can't go to the heat game. You can't go to the, certainly the dolphin game for the kind of money you can get the cheap sea to the Marlin game, right? That's right. Let's see. Here's a factor in, Elgin Illinois who says you're killing me with that gueldie song. I can't even type. I can't believe that Larry King has made the polyette. Oh, there's a good one. Uh-huh. Yeah. Even with the volume all the way down, he makes me want a puke. Says a jack and Elgin Illinois. Thanks a lot, Jack. He says the gueldie song is just doing it for him. A lot. That's my favorite. Definitely. Oh, and here's another one from Tracy and Kendall. Great minds. Think a like Tracy. She says her word for the polyette Larry King. He looks like an owl. And owl with suspenders. I think that covers it well. Well, you got to say that, Larry. Well, me just did us. This is Paul and Ron should thank you. I guess they're thinking they're fooling people by waiting a week or so before stealing your material. Although they never said they were taking a pool. They were taking suggestions for someone you think is attractive that others don't sound familiar. Even with your ideas, they're show still sucks. Oh, man. Are you kidding me? What a disgrace, Castro. I know how to do a talk show. Get out of here, Larry. Tracy says I saw a great bumper sticker that said there's no flag big enough to cover the shame of killing innocent people. Shame on you, George. W. Shame on you says Tracy. Well said. Have a great day and go heat. Go heat. Oh, no, Tracy's on that bandware. You know what I mean? She's real fan. You think? Probably not. Good. Well probably not. That's all right. That's the hot ticket and sound right now that he's there. I want a few games. They're going to get to play off and even learn what their how many games under 500. Not good man. We're going to really weak. Look at this out Franken wants me on the show to talk about to I didn't even mention this. Did I. How Franken talk about the Rush Limbaugh oral arguments. Now what the hell would I know about that? I mean am I in the court? Am I even in the state? Oh, well, what am I going to contribute about that? I want to talk about fat ass limbaugh on all his pill popping his oxies and willma. You know, well, what do I want to discuss that for? Isn't that pathetic? This is air America ladies and gentlemen. This is the liberal talk network that's going to counter Rush and it's going to counter all the right wing propaganda, the Bill or Rylean Fox and all this. And he wants to talk to me about something I have no absolutely no way of having any insight knowledge about. But what is Rowe and these people? Isn't that as an embarrassing seriously? A little bit. I mean, you know, he's when you think he'd be talking to John Kerry and he's going to be talking to Al Gore and you know, big names man, Michael Moore, big names known by somebody. Make your debut with a splash. And still like Randy getting on there talking to John from Lake Worth on the era of America. I mean, come on. You have to transcend the the Perocule crap. Jesus, I'm humiliated. And I'm especially humiliated. The currents is bugging me with that crap. Hey, get lost, Clarence. Okay. He is he really is a. You know, I try to forgot he's your boyfriend too. Huh? Zach and the beast and Clarence and who else is in that for Nstugot. Now, do you just do God's guest numbers also? What are you talking about? I'm talking about your friend, Stugot, so that it would RWR effects Fox radio. I look at many numbers. The word is that he's been getting the numbers of progress from Clarence and from Insane from the beast and other people inside. That's the room where I'm hearing. I'm funneling our great sports guest over to the competition man. I think anybody who does that. Well, I'm not going to say it, Clarence, but I'm thinking if I are E.D.D. Ferdinand. Hey, let me tell you right now if you're on the Atkins Dynamite, they're low carb diets. That's it's not just in, but it's a sensation now. All of a sudden after all these years after we croaked after poor doctor Bob had that Slip and fall finally. That's what it took from the croak and then everybody said, Oh, guess what? He was a genius. Oh, he's dead. But anyway, let's try that low carb diet. So whether you're starting a restarting the Atkins diet, sugarbusters, South Beach, or any low carb sugarfree diet, the lights of Westmocus always been the story you want to head for because they've got over 1,200 low carb products and stock to choose from more than any store in the universe. They've got bread, bagels, can you know bagels today, though, can you? Oh, hey. This, especially if you're orthodox. Oops, they got cookies, crackers, chips and brownies, chocolates, carbohydrates, ice cream, pasta, sauces, ketchup, cheese cakes, and so much more. And don't forget if it's new and great tasting in the low carb line the lights will have it first before anybody else always. Delights is open every day, seven days a week from 10 in the am till 10 in the pm and you can always try anything that's disturbing for you by it before you lay out any cash. The staff at the lights knows dieting inside and out. And the Atkins brands products as far as they're concerned they're on sale today, all day, every day, even on Stimclistura. Delights of Westmocus, they're on the northeast corner of blaze in 441 right next to prestigious Boston Market. Call them toll free at 1-877 low carb, L-O-O-W-C-A-R-B, or on thewebitslowcarb.com. There's only one device that will focus your official Atkins retail set it. This is for 205-6. You way, yeah. Ah! Ah! Oh, right. It's the cause and my neck is. Oh, right. It's the cause and my neck is. To let's dial the gigo. When he makes a way go, my neck is not the kind you can do in the... But it's the car and her. He don't hide. Well, he don't know where a stogie goes. I can see how there was some confusion between human door and human. And then I can saw the term cedar. Saw her naked. Stars reportedly to go in blind. That's my dinghy. He was working hard. Late nights in the ovary office. Working on a practical joke. He took him back a noodle. What an explode in. Loading for Monica with blowing. Reigs of snow. There's a cause and my neck is. She left side a gigo. Every time he makes a way go. Monica is not the kind you can do in the... But it's the car and her. He don't hide. Oh, people feel that Hillary's been. Made a fool of by a husband. Feel that Hillary was wrong. Up in the linking bedroom she was mornin'. Mornin' out, though she was doing her with bills old bond. Bill's a cause and my neck is. She left side a gigo. Every friggin' time he makes a way go. Monica is not the kind you can do in the... But it's the car and her. She don't hide. Oh, can't do you single-tie. A master is master. Oh, yeah. What you gotta do is take a tip of it. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. Pupporty six and five, 60 WQME were living right through it. Boys and girls, the end of the first amendment. The end of Freedom of Spaties. The end of Freedom of Choice. The end of democracy and liberty in America. And a public is like, well, well, well, like that. But it's John Kerry. That is still the promise of our country. Okay, whatever you say, John. What? And that was pretty good. I mean, you were... It wasn't classic. It wasn't like that they were punched up down. Rumsfeld me said, and trash like that. But it was pretty good. Oh, and by the way, speaking of anthrax, how we doing with that dump for those anthrax goofballs? We got them yet? Sure. No. This thing you just defacts to me from the BBC. This is the most disgusting right in the middle of a lunch hour. Anybody's on a diet. I'm going to help you out right now. If not, do you better... You better put your head under the... Whatever you're doing. Figure it you like it. Let's see. Let me do the other one first. Let's see. Only local these days. But if I see Rick Sanchon, well, it's on here already. Rick Sanchon is in third place, okay? Wow. And President Lincoln still got that aching pounding, throbbing ach... That ach... And let's see. Worm diet treats bowel disorder. And I guess they said this for me with my irritable bowel. Oh, is this gross? People with inflammatory bowel disease could soon be swallowing worms and an effort to relieve their symptoms. Oh my God. Scientists in the US have developed a drink containing thousands of pig whipworm eggs. Oh, lovely. I'm starving. Yeah. That's why I'm going to have for lunch then. I'm going to have me like a cheeseburger and a big glass of pig whipworm eggs. Mmm. Trial suggests it can dramatically reduce the abdominal pain, bleeding and diarrhea associated with the disease. The worms don't survive very long in the humans. It says, thank goodness. According to a report in New Sciences, the drink which is called T.S. Oh! Could be on sale in Europe by May if it's approved for US by regulators. A number of studies suggested that live worms could be an effective treatment for conditions like Crohn's disease and colitis, no collectively, is inflammatory bowel disease. IBS. In fact, RIVD, they call that one. In fact, some scientists believe the eradication of worms from the human stomach over the past of the years, maybe behind the rise in these conditions. Oh, no. As the number of infections by parasites is around worms and human whipworms is fallen, the number of people being diagnosed with inflammatory bowel disease has increased. In contrast, the condition is still rare in developing countries where parasites are confessing their main common. See, so there's something like really good about being in some like an haydee for example. See that? Yep. I can't think of any other benefits of being there, but there's one. Scientists at the University of Iowa say they've tested their product on 200 people with a condition. They opted for pig whipworms because they don't survive very long in humans. They say symptoms disappeared in most of those who took part in the trial. The findings are due to be announced at the conference in May in the US. With our new impressive results, we can come out of the closets at Dr. Joe Weinstock, sounds like another Jew, a gastroenterologist at the University who's developed the treatment. The product will be made in Germany by a company called BioCure. So I hope that the bear people who I made me do it. You know, the ones that made all that gas to the nerve gas to kill the Jews are in WW2. Yep. It has an applied to the European Agency for the Vandenwaistum medicinal products for the EU-wide license to sell a product. Patients would take T.S. Oh, around twice a month. When you drink in there, open worms. Crohn's disease, ulcerative colitis, other forms of inflammatory bowel disease appear because by an overactive immune system which causes inflammation in the digestive system. The condition is incurable and normal treatments include steroids which are reduced to inflammation all of these have been known to produce cytopiske like bulking up in plain baseball. Did I mention that Pete Rose is a bag? Yes, I should have. I can't believe I had a dump by cell. Did you dump that also when I said that? I was about to say that. I did. We had two dumps. That's one of the new words, man. Well, see there you go. Muffin would be really proud of our people around the ball. Josh Curtis, man. This guy is like, he's got his thumb right on it. Well, he heard that other story I'd said before. He's got his thumb out of because he's also probably got his, he's got a hold the buttons there for, uh, they've end boring. The cough button, the dump button, all those buttons there at the ballpark. I don't know. At least when you're going into a coma when you're nodding off through it, I wouldn't be surprised to be put himself into a coma. When it gets to be, you know, middle of July, middle August. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. Personal. That's not personal. It's business. One of the all-time worst. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on a AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line Glenn. Everybody's whipped up about to Stanley Cup playoffs. Let's get some hockey talk going here. George, tell you the University here, I'd want to see that they're going to rub the John Kerry's making a very important address. Now, do you want to hear John Kerry if you're watching this, you want to hear Wolf Blitzkrieg? Nobody wants to hear Wolf Blitzkrieg. Get off there, you Nazi bastard you. Wolf freaking Blitzkrieg? That's not a fix for a cup. See, he's still talking. Kerry's talking in behind, but at the meantime, Wolf Blitzkrieg, there we go again. That was the end of Kerry. We'll see him no more in there. Is that of the disgrace or what? Good. That is just, it's not acceptable. It's not something you want to put hockey on. How are you, Rose? He's pretty good. You like how he rose? Yeah. You know how he rose does the island of games? Yes. You sure? I think so. Yeah. You know how he rose from Pete Rose? I don't know Pete Rose. I bet you don't know how he rose, do you? See, that's why you can't discuss hockey in some Florida because nobody's got the package. In fact, I'm going to say it again. I want to say this very loudly and clearly including you, Gellie, Mr. hockey expert. See, it's one thing to watch the local teams, which that's okay. But it's like football, same thing. All these football experts we have on QM, they're at the dolphin game. Okay. Well, now Hank, for example, the Hebrew hammer. He's a, whatever, he has PNC, and that's where he goes every Sunday or Monday, and I wherever, right? Yep. So he's covering one game. So if it's a Sunday afternoon game, that means he doesn't see any of the other games played at that time. Follow my drift? Yep. And dog, he's doing the, it was more Howard David it. That's a good thing. We're happy about it, but he's doing the game with him. The dolphin game, right? More Howard David, and he's broadcasting the dolphin game. Gellie, he's, uh, torping around somewhere. What the hell, he's doing? He's running around. Yeah, he's running around. He's running around. And so the dolphin thing, too, he's part of that broadcast. So they don't see all the other games. Unless you've got in your home a satellite dish. Unless you've got the hockey package, the NFL put a package, and all of these other things, the, the Major League baseball package, how can you possibly sit and have an educated conversation about sports? How can you know what you're talking about? Am I right? Yeah, unless you're actually walking. Just as an example, I see more hockey games in a week, in any given week than anybody on this radio station does in a whole season. Okay. Or in my life. Or in your lifetime, well, it's because you don't care about it in Josh court. There's no saying anything. So obviously, you don't know a hockey puck from his ass. What's a hockey puck? Mm-hmm. You're ass. Oh, speaking of ass. Look at this. You see who won the, this is, this is so depressing to me. I probably should never read this. You see who won the $2.4 million jack pounded line of sitting in the slots? No. You didn't see this? No. Somebody's mother, who needs the money. I'm sure like you need hemorrhoids. Oh, I did hear about this. Just jail as mom. Yeah. Oh, my God. Back to me. Yeah, that's the word. Back to me. How did Jennifer Lopez's mother? One of $2.4 million jack pound, while playing $1 slots in the latter city outside the night. Like she went, What a loopay, low pay is. What a loopay. Mm. Sounds like a real beiner to me. What a loopay, low pay is 50 in New York was playing Wheel of Fortunately. Borgato Hotel Casino in Spa, which he had for $2.421, but rather changed million just before 8 o'clock Saturday night according to Casino. Casino spokesman Michael Fassenda. I'm sure not related to the great late John Fassenda. He's due the NFL Highlight Games. He was the Pender John Fassenda. Oh, yeah. Denied knowing of any relationship between the Jack Powwit. See, one thing with Jack no matter what name you, oh, you know how he rose. Oh, sure. Oh, yeah. You are so full of it. What do you mean? You don't know how he rose like I said from how he's restaurant. Back to that's the only how he's you know. I thought that's what you're talking about. The old. Yeah, the bacon people. Anyway, us weekly and people magazine report upcoming issues that got a loop a low pays is Jennifer's mother. The Casino spokesman said, oh, he didn't know who she was. Jennifer Lopez's publicist Rob Schuader declined a comment. US weekly reports that are us weekly reports of got a loop a low pay low pay as plans use a port of a winnings to start a hundred thousand dollar college fund for a two grandchildren. Well, ain't that nice. And I'm sure like I said, they need like a lock and cup as the Chinese say, right? Man, oh, man. There's no justice man. There is no justice in this world. The rich get richer and everybody else does sucks. He win. You know who we need to go to for justice. Don't call you on. That's it. That's the only place you're going to find any justice because you won't find any in the Atlantic city. And certainly not in Vegas. That was a bad finger on my part. Just keep Josh on his toes there. You should have seen his about. Probably just two feet an year when he really is. This is a little stupid of finger. Good. 567. 056. The pound five 60 on the 18 team for as much as I want everybody on the way to that ballpark right now. The game's not until 705. I want to start seeing some action baby. Not just this opening day. I still I'm I'll say it again. I realize I'm way out of the limit. I'm off the on my world of violence usual. But the big deal with opening day. I don't get it. Oh, look at that. Already through way to one to our log. I need another copy. The one to our guess I threw it away. Not that I'm getting ahead of myself. But I should get the one to two are you like that. I like that. I'm looking for a way to do that. Just put that goldie bit the whole time. I'm doing the. Okay. That's where you're going to hear between one and two all day today. I like it. In fact, I have it in two different places because I know I'm going to be using a lot. So I can like do real. I can do a whole bunch of. I can do a whole bunch of. I can do it. I can do it. I can do it. I can do it. I can do it. I can do it. Yeah. We can do it. Okay. Wow. So what am I doing here? I'm doing a spot. But you don't forget. That log in the last page is I ain't got it. What? You know what? You know, probably we've inspired me for that was yesterday. That two hour show. Man, that was great. And you're jumping the gun. Tend a noon. I like it. I love it. That is perfect. Two hours. Don't you think two hours is enough for everybody? Yeah. Or there are three. I can handle three. We'll start with three. And then we'll whittle down to two as I age rapidly. And then we'll start with three. And then we'll start with three. And then we'll start with three. And then we'll start with three. And then we'll start with three. And then we'll start with three. And then we'll start with three. And then we'll start with three. And then we'll start with three. And then we'll start with three. And then we'll start with three. And then we'll start with three. And then we'll start with three. And then we'll start with three. And then we'll start with three. And then we'll start with three. And then we'll start with three. And then we'll start with three. And then we'll start with three. And then we'll start with three. And then we'll start with three. And then we'll start with three. And then we'll start with three. And then we'll start with three. And then we'll start with three. And then we'll start with three. And then we'll start with three. And then we'll start with three. And then we'll start with three. And then we'll start with three. And then we'll start with three. And then we'll start with three. And then we'll start with three. And then we'll start with three. And then we'll start with three. And then we'll start with three. And then we'll start with three. And then we'll start with three. And then we'll start with three. And then we'll start with three. And then we'll start with three. And then we'll start with three. And then we'll start with three. And then we'll start with three. And then we'll start with three. And then we'll start with three. And then we'll start with three. And then we'll start with three. And then we'll start with three. And then we'll start with three. And then we'll start with three. And then we'll start with three. And then we'll start with three. And then we'll start with three. And then we'll start with three. And then we'll start with three. And then we'll start with three. And then we'll start with three. And then we'll start with three. And then we'll start with three. And then we'll start with three. And then we'll start with three. And then we'll start with three. And then we'll start with three. And then we'll start with three. And then we'll start with three. And then we'll start with three. And then we'll start with three. And then we'll start with three. And then we'll start with three. And then we'll start with three. And then we'll start with three. And then we'll start with three. And then we'll start with three. And then we'll start with three. And then we'll start with three. And then we'll start with three. And then we'll start with three. And then we'll start with three. And then we'll start with three. And then we'll start with three. And then we'll start with three. And then we'll start with three. And then we'll start with three. And then we'll start with three. And then we'll start with three. And then we'll start with three. And then we'll start with three. And then we'll start with three. And then we'll start with three. And then we'll start with three. And then we'll start with three. And then we'll start with three. And then we'll start with three. And then we'll start with three. And then we'll start with three. And then we'll start with three. And then we'll start with three. And then we'll start with three. And then we'll start with three. And then we'll start with three. And then we'll start with three. And then we'll start with three. And then we'll start with three. And then we'll start with three. And then we'll start with three. And then we'll start with three. And then we'll start with three. And then we'll start with three. And then we'll start with three. And then we'll be five. Right? And then we'll start with three. And then we'll start with three. And then we'll start with three. And then we'll start with three. And then we'll start with two. And then we'll start with three. And then we will start with five. But three. And then we'll be two. And then we'll start with three. I respectfully disagree. This is just right. It's 102 and 5.60. WQIM. All of this is a normal kit. It's emailing me stuff. Here, write in the middle of the show. I'm on the air here, normal. Okay. Plus, I don't see anything. And that's something when somebody emails you something and there's nothing there. Blank page. Huh? Blank page. It's a blank page. I'm on a air right now, normal. Okay. Go away. 5.6. 5.6. On a AT&T and horizontal wireless line. It is unbelievable. How useless some people are. I've never blessed a man you're doing something. I hope you're still alive. It's, uh, let's see. Which of these people makes you most want to puk when you see them on TV. George W. Bush is winning hands down 343. Rosie O'Donnell 137. Ricky Tickie Sanchez 54. Dr. Phil 27. Bob Novak on crossfire. I just like saying it the way he does. Because he makes me sick. He is so he just got a broadcast. You're okay. Forget about the fact that he's a Nazi and a liar and he outed Valerie Plain. Forget about those if you can't. He's just got a broadcast though. You know. He's a broadcast like, uh, like, you know, but it's a broadcast. Bob Novak 26. Oprah 26. Laura already 22. Kind of leaves of 21. Donny Rumswell. Krammy Rommie's got 15. And quarter that bitch has 12. Jeff Bush 12. He's the race got 11 per. Totten 10. Sean had an E10 and everybody else single digits. And I'm sure there's lots more coming right. Yep. 567. 560. Palm 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. WQAM. Hello. Not there. WQAM. Hello. QAM. Going once. WQAM. Hello. Hi. Pretty good. Hi. Good. Hello. Hi. Pretty good. Hey. Listen, uh, of vote and an idea. Yes, sir. Hey, the vote is, uh, obviously, Rosie O'Donnell, who, if I was a lesbian, I'd switch back to God. He's so prickly. And the other thing is remember, in Monday night football, they said I have a TV set up and bars all over the country that when the Howard Gassel would come on a half time, the winner of a lottery would get to throw a brick to the TV. Really? Yeah. Oh, yeah. I don't know. I know you're pretty short. Anyway, they would take that and put that in bars around the country now, put Rolio D'O'D'O'D'O. Guys would be flocking to the bars. Yeah. It's a good point. If they're name on there, they'd go a brick to, I mean, I could tell you, she's like the such chief, chief, you look up in the dictionary, I'll read. Okay. Thanks a lot, Palau, I'm with you. So what do you say? Don't like Rosie? She makes me nauseous. She's a good solid second place in fact. I'm double your run for his money, but she sure light your Z and everybody else. Nobody can touch that bitch, and of course, when your right mind would want to. WQA and hello. Equally, is disgusting as the president is. Dick Cainey, put him on there. Yeah, I'm coming. Well, that's because we never see him probably, but that's a good idea. Put Dick Cainey on. I'm those very rare occasions we see him. Like what he was in Cincinnati throwing out the first pitch. You see that? Yep. Chicken hands with him. Players, I was amazed at his comment when he said, God, there's an awful lot of black people in this locker room. I even said it. Oh. March shot, I think, said it. All of she ain't there anymore. Did she die? I think she croaked, didn't she? I think I think she did. Last week. We better look that up. Last week? Yeah. No, she didn't die last week. Get out of here. But just recently, I think she croaked because there were more stories about that bitch, March shot. What a nasty rotten piece of crap she was. I did my research on how he rose by the way. And I found out what all that. So now if you ask me again, I could say yes, I do know who he is. And he's good. He's a very good Nazi. As the eyeliner gains on whatever whoever it is, if Fox in the York, whatever it is, it games. Yeah, Fox works on, I guess, out there. Right. And he's also doing the Met stuff this year also. To see really. The 2004 season will see how he began his roles, a full-time radio announcer on all Met games. Will I be damned? Well, that's part. Now maybe that's the job that Booster was going to get or he was going to work with how he rose or whatever. Booster, I love you. Maybe you're a good guy, you're a great talent, but you made a bad mistake. If they really offered him that job turn in that download you think? I think New York is a great place to be. God. I mean, it's a very special place to live and I realize maybe the money wasn't as good as whatever the marlins might be paying them, which I doubt. But, uh, man, to be there doing the Met's? What a stepping stone to greatness. Oh, I think that he was going to have to, uh, spoon-feed, Ralph Kiner, his pablamid between innings though. Is he still on the, on the air? Oh, I don't know. Ralph Kiner, did you ever hear him do the games after he had a stroke? No, I did not. Oh, you have to be joking. Okay, right, the eyes is kind of the way that I was saying it. I'm certainly the man cannot talk. I don't want to be disrespectful, okay? Because I've had a couple of minor strokes myself. But this man had a very bad stroke and the Met's keep putting him on the air. Ralph Kiner, he cannot speak. That's not too smart. No. But then against New York, thinking to whatever they want. Look at all the years they have the scooter around there. You're going to be cute. Hello. Yes, anybody, uh, to Jeff Miller, Riley? Not yet, but that's a magnificent choice. Thank you. Thank you. Very much. In fact, there comes, there comes some of them pin worms. In fact, when Bill or Raleigh's on my TV, the pin worms start jumping out voluntarily. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT and team of Verizon. Wait, I don't want to, because it is very, a lot of people are still eating lunch or on their way to it. I don't want to gross people out too much, but stop and think about all the different microscopic stuff that's calling around on your body at all times. Yummy. I bet you don't stop and think about them. Maybe that's a good way for you to lose weight, Zach. Just take a picture of what some of those things that's on your body, but on your refrigerator. Uh, no. You know what I'm talking about? Haven't you ever seen those magnified magnify at 50 million times, you know? And it looks huge. Yeah. I think this gigantic thing from Mars this nasty, you know what it's enclosed around. Yeah, just crawling around. Right. Large size. Handsome. March shot is dead. All right. There's some good news. Oh, God. These all these dead soldiers, all this terrible stuff going on, but the good news is March shot is pushing up Daisy. Oh, thank God. She died March 2nd. Wow. Maybe Pete Rose can join her. How many QAM? Hello. Hi. What's up? I'm looking. Oh, hi. I wanted to say Trent one. Trent lot is a beautiful holding, especially when he's got them pom-poms on there, doing a curly new thing. Can I just do one more? Sure. Oh, who's the blonde? And co-opper. She's on there. Oh, she is okay. Great. Me, oh, can I ask you a question? Okay. As far as a 9-11 goes, you think they'll ever find out who cashed in on the stocks for American Airlines? No. No. Cindy, that hard to figure out though. By virtue of everything, look inside of your rabbi, they can probably find out who it was. Yeah, I'll figure it out. I'm telling you right now. Thank you. Have a great day. The Saudis and the Packies, baby, we're busy and a wreck, spend all these billions of your tax dollars, and all your kids are getting killed over there and put you and believe me today. It's just total chaos over there. At the same time, if we're going to attack anybody after Afghanistan, the Taliban, and and of course we never follow up there anyway with the warlords or back in business again, and the Opie and business, the Pappies are everybody's run around our country going eyepoppy and and not the holios. Bigger than ever. But the Saudis, why they held it, we never do it. They had the history of the Saudi World Family on the biography channel the other night. Very interesting, huh? Very depressing. And about how during the Arab oil embargo was 73, 74, they just arbitrarily quadrupled the price of oil overnight, but I'm being like that. That was the time if we had a present with any balls in there, which of course Nixon had his own problems during those days. See, that was the problem. Then we had Gerald Ford who couldn't walk and chew them at the same time, and then we had Jimmy Carter, that peanut farmer from Georgia, who was spent most of his time on Iran trying to keep his brother from peeing in public. Yeah, that's right. That's what Jimmy had to do. We had to spend most of his time on a bad phone, finding out where Rob Billy Carter was all the time to the keeping from peeing on the side of buildings in public all the time. That was the prestigious Carter family. What about your retards? And to me, we should have gone right into the Saudi Arabia. We should have kicked their ass, thrown out the world family, taken up with it. Well, it feels the new people being paying 15 cents a gallon of gas right now. You're in tea, right? Yeah, instead of $2. And I got news for you, Mr. in some places in the US by the end of the summer. It's going to be over $3, because on a West Coast, it's already like 2.5 bucks for premium. I'll start losing weight soon. I'll be walking everywhere. There you go. And as you're walking along, maybe some of them bugs are going to jump right off your body. Only if you micro, you don't put it on. I'm serious, what you ought to do, they have these places you can probably find it on the internet, where they have pictures of fat. If you would take a picture of 10 pounds of human fat, I'm talking about a color picture, you know that yellow nasty, and just tap it on your refrigerator. I lose a pound of three days. I know you were. You just stayed out a lot more. That's it. At 12 and a half to one at five sixty WQM if you're in a dead end job like Zack who's in two dead end jobs especially that sex job you got man, the withings are going out for get about that. I wouldn't make any long range plans for that. The sex police, the porno police, the word police, they're all out there they're going to get you. But anyway if you're underpaid no for work and you just don't have four years to waste on college or the money to pay for that expensive tuition, this could be the answer to your prayers. Fast train. Call him today. What do you got to lose beside that crappy job in that schvuck of a boss? Call toll-free 1-866 fast train because these folks can really have you train in certified for a great new high-paying computer network professional career they can do it in short as four months. You can be fully trained already for that new career by the end of the summer fast train offers dating weekend classes to fit around your schedule no matter what it is. Fast train offered job placement assistance and financial aid to people who qualify too. If got seven convenient floor to locations to serve you so don't delay check them on the other way. If you like first fast train.com and then make that call that can get you out of your rut change your life for good. Call toll-free 1-866 fast train and be sure and tell them when you call this already put your head on the other of the pack that Todd Dreck told you to call 1-866 fast train. You're too shady and same in the one you get. Now they have only one day. Take them home. Don't worry about some time. We got them. Now we're hoping we'll change. We got them. We won't let pack us so long. We got them. We won't let pack us so long. We'll change our life and it's what they got. You're too shady and same in the one you get. We won't let pack us so long. We won't let pack us so long. We won't let pack us so long. We won't let pack us so long. We won't let pack us so long. We won't let pack us so long. We won't let pack us so long. We won't let pack us so long. We won't let pack us so long. We won't let pack us so long. We won't let pack us so long. We won't let pack us so long. We won't let pack us so long. We won't let pack us so long. We won't let pack us so long. We won't let pack us so long. We won't let pack us so long. We won't let pack us so long. We won't let pack us so long. We won't let pack us so long. We won't let pack us so long. We won't let pack us so long. We won't let pack us so long. We won't let pack us so long. We won't let pack us so long. We won't let pack us so long. We won't let pack us so long. We won't let pack us so long. We won't let pack us so long. We won't let pack us so long. We won't let pack us so long. We won't let pack us so long. We won't let pack us so long. We won't let pack us so long. We won't let pack us so long. We won't let pack us so long. We won't let pack us so long. We won't let pack us so long. We won't let pack us so long. We won't let pack us so long. We won't let pack us so long. There you go. That's perfect. I'll make Frank and Zodia's wake up. I'll show you a lot more entertainment than what he's probably doing. He's another guy that's good in print but he's a wooden. He's just not going to cut him. I could be wrong. I hope I'm wrong. I just don't see it. How many QA and hello? Hello. Yes sir. I wanted to check if you guys have an archive for your beaded curtain or your website. I know we're not yet. We don't. Okay. Who did you who did you miss? I miss yesterday and it's not your interest. Oh, damn it. It was a great picture too, by the way. Yeah, she's one of my favorites. Well, sorry. But we'll not give up. We'll have it for you. That sounds great. Thank you. Okay. Stay alive. I will have it for you. Now, Sasha, he's a henky henky. She was on her yesterday. Did you see that? I didn't see her. I saw the press about that. He was not. He was not. He was not. He was not. He was not. Look, if there was somebody hot that you liked that. And then we had start naked behind our beaded curtain. And you missed it. And it was not nowhere to be seen again. You'd be pretty damn up here. Believe me. Like Lucy Lou. Like Lucy Lou, for example. Did you see Lucy Lou? I haven't. I'm sorry. I said pretty hot. Now, that's just Josh being a smart ass again. Because he likes Lucy Lou. Oh, brother. She's right. That is her. She is marginal and best. Anyway. I guess she's got the right parts though. We got Merlin Monroe today. It is not the greatest Merlin Monroe picture in the history of mankind. But it's okay. I'll give it about an eight and a half on the scale of 10 when you. Yeah. About an eight and a half behind a beaded curtain. And there she is. And at least to where they are unencumbered by any kind of clothing. It's said, I thought, look at that. Well, there's one of them anyway. I mean, what more do you want? I bet you Joe and a man you never saw that much. Can you believe that she actually did Joe and a man you're. I'm sorry. I'm just not buying it. I know that she had perpetually bad taste. Merlin Arthur Miller, who was one of the ugliest human beings in the face of the earth, made Zach and me look like Brad Pitt. And Joe to Manjou and who else did she marry somebody else? I think that was it. But man, or man were they ugly, ugly, ugly, ugly guys. 5, 6, 7, 05, but at least Joe to Manjou had a really big. Badding average. WDQAM hello. Hi, is Nila? Yes sir speaking. Hey, how about Donald Trump? Yeah, I'm with you man. I've had it with him. I'm just over Saturra with a Trump monster. Especially because of the recent same crap. What's up with that? Yeah. Yeah. Awesome. Thanks, bro. Good choice. Very good choice. Would a bad hair. That's Joe. You know what that reminds me of? What? Although the show was entertaining about the first five minutes. It was on millionaire with Registimim. Oh, this is like revolutionary. And ABC was so greedy man. So, oh, they were just falling over them. So, look at all the money Registim's making us. And this show's got a 90, sheer millionaire. And then they put it on 85 times a week. And they started putting celebrity guests on there. And they killed it. They were too like television is just evil man. No matter what they put on, they've butcher it. They destroyed. Isn't there a show is this Donald Trump thing. So people can go on and see other people getting humiliated and getting fired at it. You know, I like your premise. Why? Based on what it's all. I saw once it's a horrible show. The whole concept. It's just an SNM thing. That's all. You're just a say this. You want to see other people being humiliated and treat the like crap. Yeah. You just want to get even now for the way, Motriated you. That's all. That's what it's all about. In fact, I think when Trump gets too busy with his other stuff, like trying to save his casinos in Atlantic City, he gets too busy with that. How about making molda holes? Absolutely. You're fired at it. Huh? No, you think that's got some serious possibilities? I think it's potential. I mean, he's either fired or tried to get fired. Everybody in the building, including me. What's the crap they played down the whole? That's power. Oh, nice thing. Well, a garbage. The kids today don't know what's good. I'd be careful because I have no idea what the words might be in this. Like that song, I'm happy I live in a split level head. You remember that? Eh, ah. How can you listen? I'm happy I live in a split level head. I'm happy I live in a split level head. You remember that? No. Why am I surrounded by morons? Come on, how is it? Don't you call me how he? There are nothings of coordination from you. Bang! Oh, no. You're shot up, Fatal. Okay, that's it. You're all fired. You're mad stupid, the fool. Well, that's right. Just remember that the J word is in here too. We have to play that one. It's in here a couple of times. What a good memory. But that was enough. That was enough to get the, just a bit. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. WQAM Hello. Anyhow, how you doing today? Pretty good, baldy. Did you see yesterday in the news? I think it was Hascroft. Can you be on that list all by the way? Oh, yeah, we can put John Hascroft on area. I would be off in on that today. I'll put firm 12 times. He said, we lost 12 Marines today. So we wanted to send another thousand over there. Right. What's up with that? That's nice. Saying, oh, we just got robbed. And we'll, well, we'd want it to be on that list. I think it's nice for us to send that or rum spell. I'm thinking rum spell probably. I won't be watching. Yeah. But even if I need to be on that list, because they're both more on. Okay. Thanks, baldy. What do you say? More on. Yeah. Let's put John Hascroft on there. Oh, luckily, we don't see him very often anymore. He's the busy covered up all him statues in Roman influence. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Which of these people make you want to puke when you see them on TV? George W. George, 376. Rosie O'Donnell, 145. And they're just a minute miles ahead of the pack. Rick Sanchez, 60, small potatoes. Dr. Phil's God. God. Good man. 31. Oprah 28. Bob Novak, 27, and after that, it's like I said, small theaters. Small theaters. Can we say that? I think so. We can't say theaters? Taters. Yes. And then theaters on it. And Laura says, please add Rush Limbaugh. And you can't say that. And you can't say that. And you can't say that. And you can't say that. And you can't say that. And you can't say that. And you can't say that. And you can't say that. And you can't say that. And you can't say that. And you can't say that. And you can't say that. And you can't say that. And you can't say that. And you can't say that. And you can't say that. And you can't say that. And you can't say that. And you can't say that. And you can't say that. And you can't say that. And you can't say that. And you can't say that. And you can't say that. And you can't say that. And you can't say that. And you can't say that. And you can't say that. And you can't say that. And you can't say that. And you can't say that. And you can't say that. And you can't say that. And you can't say that. And you can't say that. And you can't say that. And you can't say that. And you can't say that. And you can't say that. And you can't say that. And you can't say that. And you can't say that. And you can't say that. And you can't say that. And you can't say that. And you can't say that. And you can't say that. And you can't say that. And you can't say that. And you can't say that. And you can't say that. And you can't say that. And you can't say that. And you can't say that. And you can't say that. And you can't say that. And you can't say that. And you can't say that. And you can't say that. And you can't say that. And you can't say that. And you can't say that. And you can't say that. And you can't say that. And you can't say that. And you can't say that. And you can't say that. And you can't say that. And you can't say that. And you can't say that. And you can't say that. And you can't say that. And you can't say that. And you can't say that. And you can't say that. And you can't say that. And you can't say that. And you can't say that. And you can't say that. And you can't say that. And you can't say that. And you can't say that. And you can't say that. And you can't say that. And you can't say that. And you can't say that. And you can't say that. And you can't say that. And you can't say that. And you can't say that. And you can't say that. And you can't say that. And you can't say that. And you can't say that. And you can't say that. And you can't say that. Coming up tonight on Inside Behind The True Hollywood Celebrity Music Box of your profile story. They created one of the most recognizable hooks in your pop history. Unfortunately, that's all there is left of the song. They were snapped. This is the most rare, unexplainable phenomenon I've ever encountered. Paranormal researcher, Hubert Black. That part of the song with the woman goes, I got the power. Has become so intelligently stamped into the brain that any memory of how the rest of the song goes has been erased from the public consciousness in the university study. Professor Wackgathert, a group of test subjects into a control environment. To try and isolate the part of the mind that could account for such a huge collective brain fart. I got the power. I got the power. The most frightening test of all. Professor Wackgathert used the CD of the song itself. And he had play. OK, now you can see there the track one is playing and the digital counter is ticking off the second's right. But we hear nothing and then here comes. Now. Stand gone. Again. Silence. That's some weird as to you. So far, theories as to where the rest of the song went are in conclusion. Think of it. The human psyche driven insane by hearing. I got the power over and over again until it wants to hem rage. Perhaps gotten together to destroy a song that it can no longer tolerate. Either that or God just went, I owe you enough for the singing and the powering it. Why? Lady. I mean, you know, anything is possible. Can a song be wiped out by the power of our mind alone? If so, do you think we could do something about hey, yeah? It's a big juicy shopping wait. Look at show business tonight. I need to sign the behind. You know, so God tells an awful lot like you're illusion. You know, sir. Hey, lady. Like you're illusion. Very close. I understand why most everybody said the French hate you're illusion. Like poison. The French are pigs by the way. Just mention that in passing. Not all of them just most. 133 at 5. 60 WQA in. We should probably left El Presidente off of this. And maybe Rosie too. Then we could add a battle on our hands off this poll today. It's pretty obvious. 5. 6. 7. 5. 6. 6. 5. 6. Yes, sir. I was kind of agreeing with you. You're a college. Until my wife says to me, which he can't stand is those full of crap. Louis is that just keep telling you to sue the whole world. On those commercials. Yeah. Yeah. And he always asks your question. Do you remember Kyla, we click? Yeah, sure. Larry with Lecate is lemonade stand. WVZ in Boston. That's right. Right. I thought he was the best I had ever heard going back to his. Larry Glick is a, he's a, uh, Greedor at, uh, legal seafoods. Oh, really? Oh, pretty similar. Yeah. Oh, I'm pretty sure. Don't go in well, then, huh? Yeah. Okay. We're great. He's still doing well. Oh, oh. Well, I guess better than lemonade stand. Poor little. That's right. Click was, uh, you don't know their looks before your time. He's doing overnight. So I had WVZ in Boston. He was great. I'm going to say it again if the risk of Saturday. I can hold funny dirty, which I am. The, uh, these people were a personality, man. They were fantastic. Now, let's see. Here's a fact that says, uh, I interrupted myself because of his. Going to go rambling on about that. But what's the point, you know? Uncle Leo, your reasons for stopping your efforts on behalf of the stop. If you can't see that, come are completely understandable. Well, not just understandable, but they're mandatory for more. I'm sitting because I'm not going to get myself into a jackpot. Including the concern you expressed just before you stopped that. You might be unable to afford the newspaper. I'd have lots of donations to return. I was one of those who used his bank debit card to make a donation only hours before. We decided to quit now the stop. FCC dot US website is gone. I liked it. If my card is going to be credited, or if I'm going to be reimbursed, you're not going to be charged. In other words, the charges weren't put through. So it would be credited, uh, if it did go through in any way, it'll be credited. Did it. I would appreciate either a person reply or a client's on the air. What people in my position will do to get their money back when you think. Thanks for, uh, Russ, Russ in, uh, Coco. Thanks for attempting to help. We tried doing that. But, uh, you know how that works with a debit card? I really don't know. I think if they didn't charge, even if they charge it, they'll throw right back on there. It's all right. It's all your credit card when you got to wait like 30 days or so. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. You won't have to pay it. You won't be charged because Eric never deposited the charges. So any of it. So there you go. If not, uh, it's actually to help out of his own pocket. Whatever it was. I think, uh, Russ donated like a thousand dollars. I got like four or five bucks in my wallet. I just made that up. He donated like I think 50 grand to, uh, Jai. You guys work on it. Go out on the corner of, uh, I've there before to bug in tonight. You can go out there with a 10 cup of Gigi and make collections. Okay. To pay back all these people. Don't worry about it, Russ. We're not charging anybody. We're not running off with your money. Although we got some great items on the Beesley auction. If you'd like to get some of those. Now let me ask you this. Did Joe Rose get sucked in that? See, because George has always told me that I'm the only one on this station. Stupid enough to read all these liners that they send. No, Joe complains to me every day. Yeah. And he had a read that thing about that, uh, pick out auction to the race. How about that? He reads them all. I put them in his face. Did he raise hell about that? After we found out that it was a for profit deal? Oh, I don't, I don't. I'm not sure. What you should bring that up to him tomorrow. You're not going to be in the market. Maybe he doesn't even know about it yet. Yeah, you're right. Because he doesn't listen to this show. He's got nothing to do with this show. We have no interconnection between. I like Joe a lot, but he's, you know, he's in a world of his own. Ted O'Coo. He's out of here. Right. Old blockhead. And he's listening to a Fox Sports probably. Well, that's just his thing. Most of the guys in the station want to hear only about. They don't know what else is going on in the world. But anyway, that deal with a Beesley's are auctioning off stuff on a QM website. That is so smart me, man. And a terrorist presented to us with this liner to read about all. Well, we got old used dog straps and old baseball gloves and autographed t-shirts. And we think, well, this is another one of those in a long series of charitable donations that we're going to make for some good cause. And come to find out it's a Beesley enterprises. Another revenue stream is Karen's put it. Well, stream this you idiot. I, you might better make sure. Joe, Joe, new about it. I'll let him know tomorrow. Joe, you. WQM hello. Yes sir. Does it feel? Sounds like me, yes. I've got a couple of things you've started about reading before. You know, he's got the number of got to be the one that had in the, with either number one or it's not that single. I can do it. No, but no. No, no. Not a single part. What were they? I remember the missing, uh, I was about to go, and drink, and wine, and I've been to Florida, and drink. Well, I'll tell you, let me look at my book right now. Okay, why do you write talking? Yeah, I've learned a thing about living at land in the desert and out there in the frown. Yeah. He says a lot of land in the desert. And then I come back and he's up with the day. He's why? He says he's coming back. And he's going to make a lot of his day. Yeah. So, I want to ask you. Um, what's on the health thing somewhere? You're going to go into a colon by a junior losing job? No. He stays here. Yeah, I don't really know how that works. How long they, uh, they stay as the, uh, head of the FCC. I've everything on how long that works, but they're all appointed. So I, let's just, uh, pride and then we'll find out. Let's see, don't come easy. Back off, but we'll do your 16, uh, photograph. Oh, photograph. That was one of them. Yeah. Bring those started. I think it was really good. I can get out of the house. No, no, no song only you. I don't see any of the big hits here. The only ones that don't come easy. Back off, Google, photograph your 16. Oh, my, uh, my. Right. And the, um, just one of the talking about the one night. I've looked up a lot to go. And he was the only one who threw in the top 10 or number one. Okay. Okay. Thanks a lot, pal. And get new phone and say out of for real. Hey, for real. It's coming back. He's going to kick my ass. Could be in so obsessed with me for real. We're about to stay on the air. I think keep a job. He, how long has he been there about to, how many days? About 30 minutes. Atlanta. And now he's already worried about coming back to Florida. Right. Man, he just, out of control. Twenty-two, two at five, 60, WM, the mad dog from Augusta, where they have a lot of nice white people up there at the master's. He's going to be on the two. I'm going to be on the two. I'm going to be on the two. We're going to be on the five, 60, WM. Bye. Oh. Can't believe a language I hear all TV. Every home of word is a sense of disease. A rank used to be the cable was a whole lot worse. But now the networks let their act as curse. There's no way the sites of this have set a key. All the dialogue and teeth for fad of tea. Oh, Aaron, like a sailor, all the free they pass. Words are whole lot worse than ass. Right, though. F-M-F-M, how will it be? Before they drop the F-M-O-D-WR TV, F-M-F-M, there's no chillin' whew. They'll drop one of the U-P-L. Please don't say the F-WR. Okay, we won't because Josh has got his finger on it right now. And he's just leaning on it heavy. 142 at five, 60, W-Q-A-M. Don't forget Marlins in the exposing end of the end interest. Oh, 55,000. Now you were there yesterday. Josh, what was the ambiance of the ballpark like? It was lively. Like opening day. Yeah. I guess that's because it wasn't opening day. Was it like the seventh game of the series? No, not even close. It wasn't what he meant by that. It was like a playoff atmosphere. In other words, the game was just 1-162. But it was opening day and everybody felt compelled to be there. Yeah, basically. Yeah. Now what about Dave and boring? Actually, I had a spy report. I don't want to say it was from the beast. But earlier this morning, I had a spy report that Dave and Boring was somewhat animated on the last hour of the game, like yesterday. So that's the whole thing in the ribs. Is that correct? Yeah, he had the opening day, jitters. So in other words, tonight, I'll be back to his comatose usual self. Is what you're saying? 5-6-7-05-60. Pound 5 is not in the sea. He doesn't comment to you about either things that are said about him on this radio station. Do you ever have any verbal intercourse in your change about that? No, he hasn't said anything to me about that. No, he don't listen to this station. You want to know why? Because he's like clearance and he's like the ex-jocks. That's it. That's his thing. Four. Four. Right. That's all. Don't want to hear all this heathen crack going on here in the midday. This anti-sports stuff. George W. Bush, which of these people makes you want to puke when you see them on TV? W is about 399, not one more for 400. He'll do it. You can do it, W. I got confidence in you. Rosie O'Donnell 157. Rick Sanchez 64. Dr. Phil III. See the thing about Rosie. Now, this sounds insensitive. Okay. Being a fat grotesque slab myself. But looking at her, regardless of what she says, what she stands for, what she's at your father What I'm saying? I do. Even if you agreed with a lot of what she said, which other than gun control, I can't think of anything else I agree with her on. But she's just so nauseating to look at is it the New York thing? Is it the fat? I think what it is. It's a combination of just that whole ball of wax. And I do mean wax, man. Oh, God. Dr. Phil's got 36. He's disgusting. Oprah is looking at he's evenly no more. She's got 30 man. 5. No that 28. Gloria already 26. Condoleezza 24 and quarter 17. From a Rummy Rem spell 16 and Sean Hannity 15. She's still he's the great 15. She ain't doing bad. Now, the good news for you is that tomorrow we got the condoleezza. Right? And since we got we're hooked up to every we got it. You want to you want the BBC? Well, you don't have it. I don't think we have it. But I got it. Market boards sponsored by Credit Sweets. And then impressive there's the BBC. If you want the CBC, we got the CBC for a and people in your own family that don't want to hear what they don't want to hear. See there you go. But you can relate to that people in your own family. You don't want to hear what they don't want to hear. It's my health family. We got MSNBC. They all give you the MSN even though nobody's watching. Our SNF uses a great interview. You, sir. I guess this for what? Appreciate you hard. If you don't answer, if he comes back out to you. We're not getting anywhere. Unless you answer my questions. He's your talks funny though. Don't make Chris Matthews. He talks really funny. And then of course we got certainly that news network which we're glued to. Just round a clock because they might actually somebody tell us the truth. But I doubt it. At Franklin CNN they're in a commercial break. So there you go. We'll be hooked up with Kylie Jen. Well, if we'll put some on that crap on so that people are worked on feel like they're missing something really dramatic right? Because everybody in the world is hanging on every year. We're coming between your teeth. I would think. 560-70560-560 on the AT&T in Verizon, Marlustlan. Let me tell you again. If you want the real news, go to the internet. Go to the CBC. Go to the BBC or go to hell. But you'll never find it on the American Networks. Never ever. WQA and hello. Yes, you. Yes, you. Yes, sir. Maybe. Yes. I have an idea for a few to pull. Yes, sir. One famous postality is that we think that how it's a wall like, you know, I just, and I just, I used to be beautiful to hit that ugly wall. Okay. That's not a bad one. Who hit the ugly wall? Which of these is hit the ugly wall? It used to look great. But now is growth. That's a good pull for tomorrow. I ain't it. I like it. Don't you think? Sure. Give me one real quick. Somebody used to be really great. But now is hit that brick wall. I'll tell you something. I'm not that I like him. But the dick Clark used to look young all those years, you know? That's it. I thought he ever looked great. But he used to know all of a sudden, man. He aged. He went from like looking about 40 to 90 overnight. And of course, after seeing a Michael Moore movie, they all said, yeah, he deserves it. We like the other dick Clark, but not this dick Clark. Watching our Josh. Careful. He's got a strong butt. Don't start rushing the judgment, man. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6. I'm sure you read that book. Who's rush to judgment by Mark Lane? No. Yeah, many times. Come to QA and hello. Hello, Neil? Yes. Neil, more important in all the issues going on and how people are so queer and gay like yourself. No, okay. Thank you. That's important stuff. And yes. Absolutely. How come I knew it was a real. How do I know that? WQA and hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. I was wondering, I'm this part of your show earlier, but did, did you get the real picture of a Lannus Moore set up there? Did they, was she a fully exposed, we discovered, I'm not a little bit further. It was a put on. She had a, like a, like a, a phony outfit on a skin suit with hair and it wasn't for real. Oh, wasn't for real. Because they did water out everything down here and had a couple of seeing it. They blotted it out. Yeah, we're looking at it was like a skin suit. Oh, no. But body parts stuff like that, you know. My favorite thing is when she said, it purchased a lotion in the basket. That was my favorite. She was just making fun of America and the Janet Jackson thing. Okay. That's what she was doing. I was going alainus, little alainus Moore said. She was a poking good fun. And it's really scary. The people here are scared too. They just can't believe what's going on. South of the border. With all of this pure technical crap. I mean, if anybody see used to be Canada because of their close ties to England. It was like about as pure technical as the Brits. I mean, air really uptight and very, uh, prudischer. But once they kind of cut the envelope record and said, hey, get lost. Hey, have a nice day. Hey, they told it, although we still do have the queen on a currency, which really pisses me off. Why, why is that? The queen is on the $20 bill. She's a nasty looking bitch. Why I hate that. Don't you? Oh, yeah. Purchase about the only queen. Well, I mean, her and Carlos, I have to figure out which queen I can't stand the worse. Now, I'm looking, let's see. I'm the, who are all these people? That looks like Bob Cole when he had a little hair on a $50 bill. Who is that? Bob Cole, a call the worst game in history and at the last game of the season. Not one release. You know, Bob Cole, don't you see, see? Oh, yeah, sure. Hacking at in Canada. You don't know who any of these people are you. I don't think you ever been to a hockey game in your life. What is hockey? $20 bill. That's what the queen is on. But other than that, she's still on the currency, but they've cut the cord and now we're making gigantic strides. You know, whether it's game marriage and pot and all of these things, you know, like moving in the, all the stuff stem cell research moving ahead forward as opposed to backward. 5 670 5 60 by way of forced on lucky. Better watch himself because Paul Martin's going to unleash all the stars on the US. So quick picking us. W to Q a and hello. No, how you doing? Pretty good, pal. How they hanging. Everybody call you regarding. You're supposed to say how they. Everybody call you regarding one of the categories in the Nickelodeon awards. They had a Nickelodeon last week. No. I'm sitting down. You have to do this show the repeat. So my seven year old son. And they have a five minute segment in an award for the best celebrity fart. Uh-huh. And it was five minutes, nothing but movie clips and fart sounds. And I got. Oh my god. I had a. I was your hope that Michael Paul, though, kid, hold of that. That be the end of Nickelodeon man. I'm done. I just put the phone on the two can't do that and uh, enclosing. That was just a raspberry by the way. Don't get panicking out Josh. See, that's just a raspberry. I was qualified that very quickly. So nobody thinks it was like gas or anything like that. We're just a little raspberry. Which is okay. If I graspers are good for you. Aren't they? Yeah. One fifty one at your heavily censored station five sixty Q a m. One and a m. This is which when you're five six two a m. He's for the home of. That's the movie. Oh, George Bush! Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, she she's so cute, oh, oh, oh, oh, yes, she's so cute! with a WOL. We're daddy, hope you do the way. WOL. If you don't believe, win the story of the trio. You might burn back, voter of the... Not an incident, Tried. You won't want 56 at five, 60 W. Grant. Well, what does lineup we got today, man? Everybody is a summer. What do I always say if you can be out of that building? That's always the best place to be. I'm sitting, I like the way that thing ends, too, don't you? I'm sitting here on my S. Intuator with a son of shines. Could be off-fitted, ain't up to bad. I'll take it. Mad dog is at the master's now gust of with all those nice white males up there. Except for the tiger he's the minority, let him in. I'll help you along with two of the humpers from the heat. Where the white people are ones in the stands. That'll be from 4 to 6.30. Then we got Marlon's on deck 6.30 to 705. Exclose at the Marlon's. Here's the true test for software. I'm going to be watching very carefully. I might even take a peek of seven egg game on TV because Montreal be televised. It'll be on here. Then it'll be on the baseball game. We'll set off until 5 in the morning when Mo and Gilda are going to be on the game. What's your guess by the way? How many people are going to be at the game? 21,000. Really? That's my challenge because if the blue jays who have just awful start now, seven nothing, I mean the tigers are like a little girls team. They have 48,000 people. Keep in mind that since they got spoiled here, they won those two world series. Since those days the blue jays don't draw like they used to because the people get spoiled. They're not so great anymore. So they're 10 to 25,000. That's crazy. So they opened with 48,000 opening day. It was pretty good. Then 21,000 last night after a seven nothing shall be lacking. Then they lose again to the 463 last night. But if Toronto can do it 21,000, we're quite frankly. I think most people's minds here are someplace else beside baseball right now as far as sports is concerned. Wouldn't you think so, Zack? Yes. Even though you know nothing about it. You wouldn't know Joe Bowen from Jimmy Bowen. I know Bowen. So if we can't do it as good as Toronto would baseball right now. Would everybody worry about the Stanley Cup playoffs? And let's see. We got the bronze and the Canadians as the ones here's I'm really fixate not. I think the Canadians could upset the apple card. I don't want to piss off the beast, but he's on a way to Boston anyway. He's probably there already. Please go with his girlfriend. He has a girlfriend? You didn't know about this? The beast has a girlfriend? Oh my god. One that's alive and not a box. What do you don't have to blow up with a hose? Yeah. He's going. And I think that's I think he might actually be going with her. Well, let's hear about this. I recognize one of this is one of the most shocking developments in my gosh. Oh my god. The beast actually has a living in breathing girlfriend. She's got a pulse. Yeah. And that's a... I thought Janet left town in that red truck. No, come on. Give us a little description. Do you extractive? No, he won't let any of us see her. He won't talk about it at all. So, huh? So, this could be just him talking. I know a lot of guys with those plans to girlfriend. Yeah, I mean his girlfriend or it could be the girlfriend's name is like Bruce. Yeah. Or something like that. Yeah. Something like that. Or Josh. And I also heard that Zack's got a girlfriend is what I'm hearing. Me. Really? That's what the beast told me yesterday. Oh, here we go. And I don't have a girlfriend. I'm single. You think working in that script joint all night, you think that you'd be picking up everything that moves, including some things you probably have to get heavy medication for. Well, I don't want to go that far. I don't know spit. That'd be great. Oh, god. I'd pay extra to see that. Kind of these old puts some of that on the ear to Mar. And colder 18. There's another one. And when I finish roasting condolences as they can put a little an right on there too. Right on the ass end. Spilky's the race 16, Donald Roseville 16, Sean Hannity and Jeff Bush 15. A piece. Paraselt has got a dozen. Ellen D. Gen. 11, Wuppy Goldberg 10. Everybody else single. They're just small potatoes. Okay. Well, this wasn't too bad. There's a little bit too long. I think about two hours too long. Would you say? Of course. But tomorrow we'll work on like 10 to noon. I think that one day next week, if you check the schedule, which we don't have time right now. One day next week, we have another Marlon game. Love those Marlon's baby. The right nothing like them. Bye bye bye. Hey. Yeah. And that's the way it ought to be in Augusta. That's not it.