We're gonna be in the middle of the road. We're gonna be in the middle of the road. I'm gonna be in the middle of the road. All right, come down. Call yourself and help Londy stay at the girl's school. Oh! The guy is following. Just a reminder for our radio listeners that the end of the world is going to come next Tuesday at 4 30pm. Marketdown Well my God. I'm a Well my dad... YLEG однимken Ifro Kids and news on week Happy 6 11 midnight Day of summer To celebrate Trip Let time And a Hi top ...dogs You Like Hell In The Fell You I look up for a fear of mine, and that's why we have a yellow line Can't fix things, I'm gonna be the one these like two What these like home, which is at his desk with a set of gold pens and noodles got through It's a day to die, and they're working just the same As you may have a yellow line with that money Oh my god, something taken to find We have a yellow line, and they're working just the same It's a day to die, and they're working just the same Can't owe two, five, six, the NWJN We have two press conferences this afternoon and two of our fed Quite a conference, there were parents and mothers morning to the sun Which press conference were going to be carrying on WJM Of course there's going to be the big press conference on homeland terrorism with Tom Bridget and Robert Mower, Mueller That's going to be a two o'clock, and also the Panther press conference An ounceing that my keenens going to be the GM and Jacques Martane is going to be the coach And that guilty is going to be the play by play voice and Soon actually we're going to be carrying the Panther press conference When you work, I would hope, right, the important one I mean, you have the stuff we've heard all that crappy form, we're still alive anyway So let's just hope that if the world keeps spinning around and we don't have any attacks At least they won't stop the hockey season if we should have almost as high land likely anyway But anyway Uh, yeah, cast your Nova man What we I said him off yesterday, but Emily, which is great. I'm really glad I'm delighted Nothing, nothing, well a few things, at least connected with this business Make me happier than knowing that I've said a real loser off And that's what you are, Pauli, are real loser with a capital L and a liar Look at the betto Uh, first celebrity death, and I have no idea who this is, Richard Biggs I forgot to look him up He won't he played Dr. Stephen Franklin on Babylon 5 Also about a lot of on the soap opera days of our lives died Saturday, what? He's a black guy Uh, it's really hard to tell, very light-complexed if he was black He was 44 according to the actor's website, a posting on Babylon 5 message board by Jay Michael Strasinski, the sci-fi show creator said the cause of death has been determined But that terminus we showed up suggested it was he doing an aneurysm Or a massive stroke Viggs, a graduate of the University of Southern California School of Theatre Gain is first major Exposures Dr. Marcus Hutter on the days of our lives he was on the NBC show for five years Also appeared on lifetimes any day now strong medicine Most recently played Clayton Bordeaux on the CBS soap opera guiding light Well, that's interesting because I watch guiding light every now and then have been for about a hundred years I never saw him So I guess it was no big deal Babylon 5 fans and staff were shocked by his passing Richard was a constant professional but more than any was an honorable stand-up guy Stringsky wrote in his posting he was quite simply a terrific guy He survived by his wife, Lord Gerber and two sons Well, I'll be dang, okay We don't like seeing celebrity deaths, we don't like seeing anybody 44 died Now I'm getting to our pull resuffer yesterday and you people ain't fooling nobody First we want to apologize profusely For the fact that we'll take the govits from 2.30 in the afternoon to 9.30 last night Nobody could vote because we had the thing kind of like froze up It's a technical thing which I don't even understand myself has to do with this space and airspace and airheads and people like Eric But at any rate I unnotified Eric last night and he said, whoa like that just like that And he fixed it so we had hundreds of people who couldn't vote on there And he said, oh my god, I'm not going to vote on that But then this morning, if you people think you're fooling anybody Man, you must be dreaming The freepers, jeepers, creepers, here come the freepers And they started to dillin with it with on a sub-votent in favor of Bush Who you peed? I got the real number anyway So you're your phony number, doesn't affect our... I'm a boogar, rape... Yeah Our pull question is that he what about this you most about George W. Bush? 14168 votes, we'd have broken 2000 easy if we wouldn't have the technical list that was a bitch And it kind of gives me a twitch, he's a moron 407, 407 people say, El Presente is a moron Now wait a minute, what's the Robert Mueller doing on there? Only if our agencies work together In the first? I say, I thought maybe they would like a plume of bait and swiss See if they would have heard the Panther press conference of Zona 2 they might have moved theirs up Don't you think? They should, because it's going to be such tremendous interest in that Panther press conference Especially now that we already know who's been hired and who's been fired And the Kelty's going to be doing a game And by the way, Kelty, you may be pleased to know that Mo is very very happy for you Absolutely not See, once you turn on Mo man, once you quit looking at his piece At that point, you're nothing but dead meat And the way he's sucking up to the beast even on the ear now is just so embarrassing It's humiliating and degrading Just when you think Mo can't sink any lower Anyway, he's a moron, I mean a George W407 He's just a face man for neoconic stream A standard 83, those are very very tight He's a dangerous religious fanatic, 277 Nothing bothers me about George W. Bush He's a great leader, the real number, I forget what you see on there Now that's a free job, 1707 which was 11 1.5% He's a crook, he stole the 2000 election 142, he's divisive and hate-mongering 57 So at an early 1500 votes, 11 1.5% said nothing bothers them about W And the other 89% are there about 88 and half percent said, oh you vey Is what they said? Oh, anyway, on the evaded curtain today, we have Lola Falana Right, we made this by 80 by now No, she's my age old Well actually, she's a 90, my age Lola Falana is risen from a star-to-ways servant A much higher and rewarding cause than our previous careers in entertainer During the 70 she made millions as the queen of Las Vegas But she's left that career for the noble task Asserving the poor and fathless, did you know that? I had no idea Well now you know, see? Cause I'll decide out of mine, I'm poor in fathless Ms. Falana is an introspective poet, a mesmerizing motivational speaker A conservative activist and unfortunately a Catholic evangelist Nobody's perfect Born Lola Lita Elaine Falana Lola Lita On September 11, 1942 which makes her 60 One You're age Right And Kim, why don't I take me so long to figure that out Because you're trying to figure out your age Well you know, I'll get to be 61, you can't relate to anybody who's under 50 So I don't Yeah, we know, cast your nobby, you're so full of crap Now I'm gonna, I'm gonna de-louse that whole deal here in a few minutes That whole business I tell you, we could come on here, just make up any kind of crap we wanted I see that's not just my idea of how to do a broadcast Just make up lies as you go along In addition to which nice job and at 18 to 34 demo there Paulian and last book would stern off the air The whole month the March and you went from a 72 to a 5-2 He dropped two full points and 18 to 34 persons That's pretty embarrassing to me And just a slight uptick in men 25-54 Would stern off the air and March And if you think that you're gonna replace Howard Sternman You're a dream and sweetheart, you are a dream and I mean if cheap channel but had any brains What they would have done would have put the Put Bob and Tom on a big 106 You would have eaten you for breakfast, kept your ass on Zeta Where you belong Instead of this lesson Terry crap Which George heard lesson Terry this morning Told me it's just exactly it's a redneck and vise show It's like low key running run Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha Oh god Complete with the straight voice guy and the high voice funny guy And the high voice guy like you I see Anyway, this has got a whole thing on a raving she had no money slut the And somebody car when she came to this country She got a job as a dancer of smalls paradise seven street in Harlem She also shimmed for Dina Washington's nightclub Back before semi Davis Junior spotted her moves one day And they encaster his lead dancer in a Broadway special Golden boy boy Now that Persuciation with Davis who spent much of the year performing in Vegas Let the lows become here Las Vegas fixed her as well Her first record my baby from Mercury Records in 65 She was the first singer legendary producer Lenny Waniker Produced when he came to Warner Brothers in 66 He cut her sterling when they should have co-condive grow And her spread the cover of the dorses working on the co-o-mind I never heard her version and thank God Because we likely dorsy Who do you speak of the Tommy dorsy band? I ain't no band with it I'll tell you that Yeah, I heard that story Yeah, I heard that story too about the band with it Look at Brock's Yeah City of your brains, your signature will be on the contract That's my family, okay, it's not me Anyway Why? I better get the first pull go in here right away Alright, let's I don't want to put too much pressure on Eric The first pull is only the first hour And then we'll get to the meat of the matter And we've done both of these before but the first one I think is important Because I don't know These are very important pulls like I said Don't you think? Oh yeah, sure Now seriously, they're very important strategic pull So that we really feel the lay of land Even though there's only a few people still in South Florida right now Not third man But we're in the dog days of summer already and still the spring Here's pull number one How many news stories do you usually read on our website? And by the way Paul, if I want to read the phone book If I want to read the white pages from cover to cover from ArtVark to a zebra I'll still have more people listening then you ever will, okay? Loser Some of us remember the golden days of Zeda And I was long before you were on their pollutement with your Tritbolecraft with your stolen material from everybody else Very sad But then he wrote And of course I was on Zeda I was 44 years old in 1987 Appealing the 18 year olds We were number one 18 to 24, 18 to 34 You name it We were kicking ass So this business that a 44 year old can't you know Appeal to a Kent relate to an 18 year Just an excuse for the fact they got locked up Is it now you're on big trying to fill the gap? That's all, which you won't The vacuum Lyr And by the way, we still don't want to hire you And then that crap about how Norm Kent was calling over there to give me on big Well, and other just totally fabricated out of thin air I have a contract with this company I'm perfectly ecstatic and an additional witch You think the people of it are going to pay me the kind of money I'm making here Oh, see that's part of your problem Paul I work like about six days a year And making the seven figures and you're over there second wind, okay? Making up stories as you Oh Norm Kent call her yeah, yeah, she lived so long Just trying to deflect it through to the story They you had a whole bunch of people, especially PD Lenny Suck it around PD Lenny even called me here in Toronto What do you call you? In idiot? No, he called me here in Toronto and said, oh, yeah, you really ought to go to bed for Paul He's a good guy and he really ought to be on in the morning And by the way, it was before Mo Howard David This was in the interim period when we had what's his name? Sunny Fox's old sidekick there Ron Ron St. John, Ron whatever hell is name there What's his name? Oh, the Hershey Highway, see? I'm trying to forget Anyway, here's the appold the first one I'm trying to forget to the really important one How many news stories you're usually read on our website? All of them, several, a few once in a while a few Never read any or I only want to see the boobies What? Abooga, rape, oh wait, wait, wait wait There's another one here, wait God is there wrong Oh no! God is there wrong God is there wrong God is there wrong, man I don't want to see the boobies maybe grab a few Or one How many news stories usually read on our website? On our book, famous deal roaches.com All of them? Several, a few once in a while a few Never read any or I only want to see the boobies Be honest about it, now I'm sure you will However much you can, however much pain you can inflict on us We can handle it 1013 at 560 WDQM Rule is some kind of TV man Not just your regular TV It's high definition TV, delivered by a satellite dish And HD receiver The picture is so superior to regular TV It's like comparing glazed TVD to dusts And stuff's spectrum Boom is the only other tenement system designed for high definition TV Boom has got the most HD TV anywhere And provides all the equipment necessary To enjoy the ultimate HD TV experience Including satellite dish, HD receiver And of course your remote And boom has got over 30 channels About 30 man Of HD programming, you can watch ASPN and high definition How do you like that? You can reach right in there and pat them on a back Say good job boy That's three times more than you get better Say boy Three times more than you get from cable And I've got all your other favorite channels to like HBOM TV Even your local local channels do The of boom has got over 120 channels of great entertainment weighton On you Boom even has exclusive channels of HD movies, music and sports And you can't get at all From your cable or satellite company So with boom you've got all the channels You have now plus all these awesome high definition channels to enjoy as well Call boom today for a limited time offer That includes free installation No up front cost no long term commitment Call toll free 1 8 6 6 8 4 8 86 66 Or visit online at boom.com But you better do it real quick Because the offer ends may 31st Which sounds like Monday You got just a few days to cash in on it Call 1 8 6 6 8 4 8 86 86 Or visit online at boom.com My I'm low This is for 205 60 And Beyond God Is God God God God God God God God I'm going to change the face of sports radio Because loud and under voice of a princess And an elephant of modern radio Oh boy God God God God God God God God God God God But I even got lots of money and so many things. I'm gonna go to the hotel for Amacoca. Don't get a little more. Take that mo. Don't get a lot of stuff. Understand now with my own two-cell and I was a spy. You watch that. Now you're a bum. You can't hit me no goal. I can't hit me no goal. I can't hit you. You're on the radio, Yamura. Oh, I'm a high-mobile. Maybe I was a little out of line. The things I said, you like that. Yeah, it's a world and I'm not gay. You are right now. And in all fairness, that big fat old guy that stuck me with kisses me like they used to do. But he's not you. Ah, that tells you we, you make me almost want to come back with you. To kill me. Yesterday my life was filled with joy. You killed me. And now I'm stuck with a guava loving. You're my best sidekick and foil. I miss how you talk like a foil. You're the easiest for whole-jew. I miss you. You're the dog. I'm a small dog. That's it, I'm a back-it. You're my TV. Oh, I ain't quite getting snatched. I love you, I'm skinny. That person with you had a good time. Why you wait? Not the other boy that's my life. Why you little man call me a bomb. I kill you, the bomb. Are you a start? You kill a baby? You kill a baby? You kill a baby? Oh, man. Ten, 20, 5, 60. Just every time you think he's reached the pinnacle at top of the mountain, he just shrunk and he just eclipses whatever came before that, you know. He's just a crazy person, Boker Brown. 92 votes. How many news stories do you usually read on our website? We've got to figure it out because we don't want to be working hours and hours in least 10, 50 minutes every day. Put no whole bunch of stuff on there, which we think maybe intelligent people might not know about. Still in our wheels, baby. Anyway, 92 votes. Several stories, 37, let's go to few 16. I only want to see the boobies 13. Once in a while, a few 12, all of them nine, only nine, we'd all. But then again, that would be an awful lot. And never read any only five. So you see that makes you feel a little more validated as human being, right? A little bit. Anyway, before we get to the other business at hand, which is so much. Ridge, terror threat tied to major events. Oh my God. Whole man security secretary Tom Ridgid said today new information indicates the threat of a terrorist attack. Possibly connected to a high profile events such as the dedication of a new warm monument. Any can I'm at some of it and political conventions is a distinct possibility this summer. Look out. I can confirm that we've seen for the pass of a week. Say, continue a stream of reporting that talks about the possibility of attacks on the US. But not unlike we've seen for the past several years. You following that? Nope. Not unlike what we've seen for the past several years. See, keep in mind that keeping everybody in a state of panic, now that the President's numbers are dropping like a rock and things are going like a rack and going really bad. Keeping everybody on edge, keeping everybody on edge of their seat, because this is the only thing he's got left where he and even there he's just barely brick and 50%. Being the great leader on terrorism, he's the one who we aim for afraid of terrorist attacks. We have to have the Bushmeister. Appearing on a morning television news show, and on several of them is a matter of fact, an advance of a news conference scheduled in two o'clock by attorney general John Askcroft and the FBI director Robert Mueller, who makes a hell of a spaghetti. Ridg said a potential terrorist on US or less, our job obviously to try to identify who they are and apprehend them. Well, allow your get in it. US counterterrorism and law enforcement officials had said yesterday that new intelligence indicates that a group of terrorists already deployed inside the US is preparing to launch a major attack this summer. If we dispense them at $100 million dollars, we wasted on a rack and all those lives we wasted. We may be of God got those people by now, you know, he's throw some of the yamaman mullable all-mar and also Karui and his missing leg. This information was described by a senior counterterrorism official on condition of anonymity is extremely credible and backed by an unusually high level of co-operation. But, Ridg said there are no current plans to lift the national alert status from Kodiyoa where it currently stands, that's the middle-evil alert. On a five-step warning program, higher than green and blue, but lower than orange and red. You following get your call. Now, one of the colorblind people do man, there got real problem. At some of the high-profile events you'd better believe there'll be additional security, Ridg said on CBS at the early show. Now, I love this. This is my favorite and all these stories, it says the same thing. The intelligence does not include a time, place, or a method of attack. But the most disturbing we see by the government since the al-Qaeda tax of 9-11, the senior counter is official said. So, in other words, they're not given us a date time and a place. They're not given us a date time. They're not given us a date time. They're not given us a date time. They're not given us a date time. They're not given us a date time. They're not given us a date time. They're not given us a date time. They're not given us a date time. They're not given us a date time. They're not given us a date time. They're not given us a date time. They're not given us a date time. They're not given us a date time. They're not given us a date time. They're not given us a date time. So, right now is the time to grab a right by the ACM. Yes, you know, by the seat of their pants and say, oh, you better be on edge now, which is the only thing that they've got to go in, basically. Keepin' people scared. Here's a fact's chick from plantation, is that a guy named chick or a chick? Well, whatever it does. Paul claims he'd never listened to you, meaning the loser cast an oval, but he continued to say, where you live in that you frequent Amsterdam, if he never listens how does he know this info. All maybe a little birdy told him, I don't know. I frequent Amsterdam. Wow, I'm pretty embarrassed about that. God, I'll mighty. And then I live in plantation acres and sometimes here in Toronto and wherever it had I feel like I was that guy to do with a price of peanuts. And I never met you with the saw grass. You made that story up your fricking liar as always. So, I should have surprised us that yesterday after just mentioning that thing that was in a newspaper about them, he just goes off the deep end today. And ripping and tearing, it just air me, I got my own spy report from Miguel, everything that he was talking about was made up fabricated lie. Which I guess at least, if not being good, be consistent. You know, rip off everybody else's material, which have been known for years and years. Make up stories about how I was trying to get your judge to drop over there when they took steering off the, which is a total fabrication. Yeah, I wouldn't work mornings again in a million years as clear channel to the hire me, but I ever worked for them. So what are we talking about here? There was no chance of that again trying to turn it around and deflect it when everybody inside QM knows for a fact. And then I guess he said it's screwing when it called him up in big them to come to QM because no has his bad numbers. Now I can't speak for screwing or what I want to speak for that skanky bitch, but I doubt that very seriously. Yeah, maybe the begging part because we had the spy report, well, I don't know what she was begging for, but that's not unusual. But we had reports from Duff, someone know less credible than Muff-Linsey and from a PD Lenny and everybody else, we were in the action man. Oh, please put in a good word for Paul, he's a good guy. That's what the PD Lenny was begging me. And of course now PD Lenny's up there at 850 with all the other losers with Bob Eisenberg. And our good friend Tom Dennerberg, we like Tom Dennerberg a lot. Oh, he's a good little funny guy. Kind of, you know. Huh? Can I love the sheet? Little guy. Yeah. In fact, I'm looking for the, I don't know what the hell it's under. That's another kitty. No, no, it's this. Oh, he's a little guy. Yeah, Tom Dennerberg. He's all right. Good man. Well, little man. But at any rate, that's why anyway, that's to deal with PD Lenny. He's up there after another BS artist. If there was one, if I can't entadrec in the Gary Sarner, maybe the three of them could alope. We'll meet them in the province town. We can have like a three way. So anyway, cast an over. We'll find out in the second pool because it seems to me that we took a pool a little while back. Many, many weeks ago after Sturmannoth here, what people are going to be listening to in the morning now. And they did very poorly, Paul Dennerldron. Now that they're on big though, course they think that well, we got our way in here to the Howard Surnaudians. You should live so long, sweetheart. You should live so long. You're in a dream world. You're fantasizing. And I can't think of anybody else who ever worked for a team, channeled one out of there worse than Paul Castrenopin. It comes on here and just lies in line. And I guess that that's the way it is when nobody else wants to sweetheart. 27 after 10 at 5. 60 WQM. Hey, if your hair is like falling out in clumps, if you got that big bowling ball, a ball spun on the top of your head, you don't want to look silly. And everybody in their brother now is trying to say that some kind of hair replacement either pills or some kind of a song in advance. Charles Alfie or he's doing a guy who won and trust your head too. Because for more than 35 years, Charlie's appeared as a guest on Good Morning America. Today show CBS Morning News repeatedly, over and over again, all across the land everybody knows that he's the best in the business with his amazing patented natural hairline system. It looks like we'll hear it grow into your head because the hairline is where you can see the difference. You're supposed to above just straw or maybe a barnyard animal that landed from the sky right on top of your head. And you got nothing loose but your ugly bald spot because Charlie's guarantee is this. You try his natural hairline system for 30 days. Not good man. Sounds like about a month to me and after that time if you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells, if Castrenopin is not grabbing your ass 247, then Charlie will give you full refund no questions asked. Charlie also services and repairs existing hair systems, including shampoo and trim. So don't delay. Call Charlie today and change your life for every product can look better when younger than you ever dreamed. You could again forget about the pills and the potions of the Vs call toll free. 1-800-321-2413. That's 1-800-321-2413 or check them out of the web at CharlesAlphiary.com. But it sounds like to me desperately jealous and really pissed off that we wouldn't fire him at a higher-minute QAM. Right right well he said that you were jealous because they got the job over there and you did wrong. Wrong. Why? Let me just tell you one thing if you enjoyed that show listen to it but just remember we're not. No no no I just you know flipping around the station just until 10 o'clock and I just flipped you on and I said I gotta give this guy a try his first time I. Really? Well thanks for the publicity we appreciate a poll no wrong thanks a lot pal. No no no. Have a great time. 5-6-7. Yeah give us all the publicity in fact talk about us for 4 hours every day Paul and old Ron. Be sure and mention 5-6-9-A-M-Band because we got a few of them crappy billboards that don't say much of anything but other than that we get nothing. And nobody in their right mind listens to A-M because it's a bunch of scratchy crappy old the funth radio man from the Stone Age. Sounds like an Edison cylinder like that. So thanks a lot old Ron and whatever your name is man there. There no Ron and you Ron I'll tell you that in Edison cylinder. WDQM hello he was in place in Man's house. You were here. Hey I knew. Yes sir. And I'm asking a question that new sound that you know but the guy sounds like he's getting flat. Oh yeah there you go that you enjoyed that we've done on the weekend. Yes. Yeah and a poll. And yeah WQM hello. Oh that was that was definitely Paul. Until this day I always thought it was a tatalia until this day but now I know it's cast and over after all the Chambagai. Do you know that? I had no idea. Oh yeah. WQM hello. Yeah Neil that flashed that was incredibly funny and then tell the where you got there. There a title man. It was. Oh that was my pocket that's exactly what I thought it was. Right and you can find one thing on your mind. Did you catch the latest of the president's secret tips where he did an exemplary yesterday? Oh no. This is when he described the job. Rick and Sanchez had done. I've got red. I boogar. I boogar. I boogar. I boogar. You got a smart man. We love the stories on the website. Keep them on. Thanks a lot Pally have a great day. Now what were you saying you can hear the audio on our website? No one his website. Who are you? I'm Eric Arnold. Yeah just do a search for that FCC song and the. Abu Dara. Okay. Oh it's called the FCC song? Yeah. I put it under F in my DCF and then that way I'll find it a lot faster. Well I could play that several more time before the day is out. Well we can't. What do you mean by that? No we're not taking that off because of the language but because of the political nature of it. Oh I see. Well that could change and say that. I got into you must be second because I got that story about democracy and he was thinking by its fingernails. I'll say that for after the break. Uh people who didn't see the CBS TV news last night in the middle of your dinner. I guarantee you to go on your hands and he's in the future. Go to the middle of dinner hour. Tax Paris putting oil safety bill. I'm going to do this one. I know I'm reading again and we know's then stories out of the newspaper. Paul gets you really upset. That's why I'm doing it. Not that we want to educate the public or pass along information that they missed out on. We just do it to piss you off Paul and buy the way the woman that I heard before the show today. Well we heard several rumors but today right the biggest one of all is that there are people monitoring that show you know people are used to monitoring big one o six and if cashed over and wrong should like fart it smells the wrong flavor. Bye bye. We are sports video five six. You a m. For most of his life Michael Jackson has been sexually molesting a 13 year old boy. Tonight Michael Jackson speaks out for the first time about his arrest is a cuser and the charges that have for the moment made his life a shem. You molested this boy. Absolutely yes. Absolutely. How would you characterize your relationship with this boy? There's totally for sex. And Jackson says there was more. This is one of many. That was a children but I have power over children. In a moment Michael Jackson tells us why he still believes that's appropriate to have children sleeping as bad. Do you still think that it's acceptable to share your bed with children? If you're going to be a pedophile, sure. Of course. Why not? More of Michael Jackson's story. I have a sick mind. Yeah. When we return. 10. Forty-four. Pockets ticket baby. Don't forget to apply for your dad's big panther press conference. My keen in the GM. Jacques Martaine, which I know of certain people missed pronouncing his name on the ear. This morning I want to mention no names. Jacques Martaine, former coach of the Ottawa Senators, he'll be the new coach of the panthers. He's their 85th coach in the last six months. And the Gellie Gellstein's going to be on named as the radio broadcast. For the Florida Prefrey or Pantheros. Anybody carried on? No. But we'll be carrying that. We certainly will not be carrying that terrorism thing. So all of the both kind of scary. 241 votes. How many news stories usually read on our website near Rogers.com? We're just checking it out. What a doubt. Several 89. That's pretty good sign. 89. Right? Right? We'll take it. A few 40. I want to see the boobies 40. Once in a while a few 36. All of them 22. What all of them just change against 24. And never any of them never read any 15. About 6% out of 253 vote. This poll is only going to be up there to 11. So you better hop on it right now. And if you want to make yourself heard, if you want to get right in on it, if you want to free-fit, creep it, squeeze it. Whatever you want to do. We don't quite frankly care. Taxpayers putting the oil safety bill. You see that? That's the thing with it. If you go on like free republic.com, which is a real extraordinarily perinoid right wing website. And you see, oh, freak this poll on seeing it on a pre-this poll on a misfit. And these people, this is what they do. This is their life. You know, this is. Yeah. Is if somehow by like by twisting the result of a poll somewhere, they're going to influence the election, world events, public opinion, all these parties. Things. You know, it's insanity. It's madness. And what I've been trying to tell you people for a very long time, which is why you're America will never make it. And I've told you that before they went on here, is that the people on the far right, this is a religion to them. I mean, they got their other religion. Most of them were their a fanatical Jesus crap. But most of them are like obsessed with this right wing politics. The anti-abortion, the anti-homo, the you name it. The old traditional low-litany of crap that would have been going on for about the last how many years now? Not good man. At least, similar, tired crap. So that's why they feel that if they're on a mission, that's why they have to freak these polls and all get on there like to start the results. So yeah, as if that's somehow. And I was wondering what they do that. I thought they'd do something when they fixed the election. And I do want to say this also. I told George this before to show and I really believe this. That this crowd that we have in there right now, if they were willing to steal the election in 2000, which obviously everybody knows they did. Yeah. There is nothing that they won't resort to. This is the scary part of these next five months in surviving them. I don't think there's anything that they wouldn't resort to to stay in power. They didn't pay them. They didn't pay them. They came along and messed up their party for eight years. And they tried desperately to get him a toast at office with all the impeachment. Blue, blue, blue, red stained crap, you know. And that didn't work. So they had a steal election in 2000 to get back in. So they could like, you know, make their vision of the world all these neo-cons. And where we out of it. And of course, some of the rest of them taking us down to road Armageddon. And don't forget all you Israel apologists out there. That's the only thing that they care about. Armageddon, man. They can't give a crap about the Jews about the aerial, sharon, about aerial antennas on your TV. They can't give a crap about any of that. It's all about Armageddon, man. Anyway. It's no secret that when it comes to the mounting cost of security for all high-risk terrorist targets, like nuclear power plants and railroads, there simply isn't enough money, a home-line security cash to go around. But as CBS News correspondent, Mika Brzinski reports and was on a news last night with Dan Rader, precious taxpayer dollars are quietly going to pay for security at some of the richest corporations in the world. Oh my God. Major oil companies have received $65 million to buy cameras, fencing, and communications equipment. That makes no sense to me at all says Bill Miller, President of the American Public Transportation Association. Miller asked why these profitable private companies are receiving scarce taxpayer dollars, while publicly funded entities like the Transniz system of Americans writing 32 million times a day are less underfunded and underprotected. That sounds like a rational question, reasonable question to me, don't it? No, Connie. Clearly, public transit is being short-changed and security is not as strong as it could be, says Miller, we don't have unlimited resources, Danielle Bryan, executive director of Project Ungovernment Oversight. Bryan Cites the Bush administration's close ties with the oil industry, and points out that these companies could well afford to pay for their own security. Please, please don't forget that oil pipeline through Afghanistan, jerk Menistan. That was what the whole Taliban thing was all about. That's when coal and pollen may have 2001, three years ago, hated over that $43 million to the Taliban. It anyway, I just mentioned that in passing. OIL, MO, any why? Did I tell you, did I say that all long before this is a rack attack? That's what it was all about then, and that's what it's all about. Now, of course, now we've got to try to extricate ourselves and save face. Bryan says they're taking absolute advantage of the situation, and the government is letting them get away with it. Case in point. SITCO made a $439 million profit that took a 19.4 million in government grants. Connecult Phillips earned $4.7 billion in profits, but received nearly $10.8 million in our taxpayer dollars. Chevron, Texicon, and today whopping $7.2 billion profit that Chevron conned a leaiza. But several of its facilities still got over $7.3 million in government handouts. All of these companies refuse CBS's request for an interview. Instead, we were sent to an industry representative John Filmy. He says everyone not just do all companies, benefits from increased security. O-oh. When told that the money is going to oil companies when it could be going to targets that can't afford to protect themselves. Filmy said, you'll have to speak to the department of Homeland Security. That ain't my department. Homeland Security Secretary Tom Ridge points out that the oil companies will get a fraction of Homeland Security funds, but he acknowledged the need for more shared responsibility. Do these companies need the money for Gensky-ass rich? They need to step up in my judgment with their own money said rich. Briginski said, you think maybe some of these companies are caching in on a great opportunity here? Ritz says, well as long as the funds are available for the private sector, they will apply. And some have applied yet again because more government funds will be available by the end of this summer. While they're raping you with the gas pump, they're raping you with the attacks that are trough. Is what they're doing. So if that doesn't piss you off, nothing ever will. You know? Just like that. Wow. Yeah, how come Castro's always got his head so far per consensus as ass? I wonder what that's all about. No, that would be a good idea. When we see some of the MBC for a few days, not turn the man. Before he came back with his tail between his legs, and they put him on with an awful embarrassing talk show on NBC's six. Oh, we wish you all the best, and you're the greatest. Yeah, right. You an idiot, Rick. And by the way, Aliens still ain't answering the phone. How many news stories do you usually weed on our website? Man, oh man, thanks for the publicity Castro, you believe me, we can use it. We needed. I thought we had an H-share in men in last book, didn't we? Right. Yeah. Yeah. I'll tell you what, he had a five, too. And that was with no stirren on in March, okay? So if you think you're going to go in here and pull a number like stirren was doing on big one or six or even close, you're dreaming sweetheart, and that again you're too old to be related to like living and breathing people. He's 44 going on 90, I guess. And like I said yesterday, if you're so old and you can't relate to the ungrotty talk come your stealing my material, a dot ring old fool like me who's washed up and over to hell. Huh? Why is that, Paulie? How many news stories do you usually read on our website? Is the pull question our first to this hour, 301 votes? Several, one, thirteen. I only want to see the boobies, 52. That's moving to the second place, 52. Once in a while, a few, 46, a few, 45, all of them, 26 and never read any, 19, 6.3% are going to share what's with the finger, too. They need to read any. Now here comes something, I don't want you to get nervous. Oh my God. I don't want the ones to go into a pan. This is a pretty good, uh, and scary column by Chris Rothorn, who's an American journalist based in Japan. Okay. It was on smoking, Cynthia, there was on our website. It says if George W. Bush has reelected in 2004, the fate of American democracy will be held in the hands of Al Qaeda and like my terrorist the world over. Is this rank per noye or is any logical conclusion based on careful observation events? Before you decide, please try this little thought exercise. Imagine for one moment what's becoming an increasingly likely scenario in the US, another large scale terrorist attack somewhere in American soil. This might be a dirty bomb in New York City, a bioterror attack in Washington or a thermonuclear device in either of these two cities. What would the Bush administration do in the face of such an attack? First, the Bush administration would ram the Patriot to act through Congress. This in and of itself would basically spell the end of American democracy. The Patriot Act 2 contains all the provisions necessary to turn America from a relatively freedomocracy in the way Soviet style to tell a theory in state. Most importantly it would allow the government to declare anyone at which to be an enemy combatant and stripped them of their rights as a citizen. It also contains provisions that would effectively repeal the Fourth Amendment, the freedom from unreasonable searches, and the Fifth Amendment to write to a grand jury and the freedom from testifying against oneself. But passing the Patriot Act 2 would only be the start. Faced with another large scale terror attack on American soil, the administration would almost certainly declare martial law, suspend or significantly curtail the freedom of the press, and authorize the military to act as domestic policemen. The Bush administration is already floated the idea of authorizing the military to act as domestic policemen. See the New York Times article, Miss using the military to lie 24, 2002. Finally, the administration would quite likely suspend elections for some period of time, using the excuse that an election cannot be held during the time of crisis. All of these measures would ostensibly be to keep the peace in the country and prevent further attacks, but they would also nicely serve to submit the ruling party's grip on power for hatch once and for all. Certainly all of this sounds like the wildest fantasy, but consider how the US reacted to the attacks of 911. Consider in particular how the Bush administration manipulated the tragedy for its own cynical hands. What is most important is not what the Bush administration didn't respond to the attacks of 911, but what they learned from the attacks in their aftermath. What have they learned? They learned that the country will indeed allow them to explore the terrorist attack for their own hands. They learned that the country will not blame them for allowing it to happen. They've learned that they will rally around the prison even if that very prison allowed the tax to happen to the its own negligence. In short, there is every reason to think that the Bush administration's experience of 911 will have emboldened them to explore any future terrorist attack in even more cynical and ruthless fashion. It's not too much to say that democracy is claimed by its fingernails in the US. It would take very little of the push it over the edge of a place of a decision that can only be realistically called fascism. The Bush administration is both ready and willing to make this change differently waiting for the opportunity. They're well aware that this opportunity would come in the form of another large scale terror attack on American soil and give them what we know of America's poorest borders. The ruthlessness of groups like Al Qaeda and the administration's own disastrous record of preventing terrorist attacks can we be even remotely sure that in such an attack will come sometime in the next four years? Most experts on terrorism agree that such an attack is not a matter of if but when. If such an attack were to occur, not to be only thousands of Americans die, but American democracy would die with it. That is if the Bush administration was at the helm on the attack occurred. Thus, when must do all that we can to ensure that George W. Bush is not reelected present in 2004, while George W. Bush is an office American democracy is in a position of great peril and could literally vanish in an instant. This means voting for the only candidate who's got any real chance at defeating him in the 2004 presidential election Senator John Kerry Massachusetts, which on carrying office we can be sure that the constitution will be protected. More importantly, we can be sure that the Great American Experiment in Democracy will not be held captive to whims of nihilistic terrorists who would like nothing more than the CD-Wesgo the way of Nazi Germany and Mussolini's Italy. I just mentioned that, I mean, you know, some people think, oh, but that's pretty extreme. I don't think so. No, very reasonable. And what have I been saying about? Well, we might not have no more elections. Oh, you so funny. I'm glad that some of you know, I'm sure some of you know. Anyway, how's the end of the end of this first pool here today? And then we'll get into the second one about your radio listening now. And we'll see just what's going on. I might turn out that everybody in their brothers tuned into Paul and Ron Romb because they're Jones and for Stern and he had come back to South Florida. In fact, he may be going to a satellite radio. I got another article on that today. Man cow, Stern, and the who's the other one? Oh, open and Anthony. I'm sure I'm going to be glad to hear that. 335 votes on the first pool. How many news stories do you usually read on the arangers.com on a world flaming website? Several 124. I only want to see the boobies 62, a few 52, a few boobies. Once in a while, a few 50, all of them 27, all of those stories. Wow, 27, never read any 20, 5.9%. That ain't too bad, you know. We'll take makes you feel like a fulfilled. A little teeny tiny bit. 1056 at 560 W.J. and spring of the same is right now and save a ton of cash on a great new car. Truck from Armstrong, Toyota of Homestead. They run US-1 just 20 minutes out of the 836 and it's worth it ride down here because you're going to save thousands and billions. I'm great new, dependable Toyota's. Check out the great leestials they have waiting for your right as I speak. No 4. Camera for what are just 269 a month or 48 months. How about an old 4 high-linder just 309 a month? Leave a truck? How about an old 4 Toyota Tundra? The safest truck in the USA? Just 179 a month or 48 months. These are just some of the great savings waiting for you right now. At Armstrong, Toyota Homestead where they want to make you a happy camper. In fact, their service department is even open late till 8. We'd not so make sure they get all your service worked on for you too. Easy to find and they're on the corner of a US-1 and 293rd street in Homestead. Just 20 minutes out of the 836 and right now they're making an offer you really shouldn't refuse. They offer free tires, batteries and replacement parts for life-year vehicle. That's right, tires, batteries and feed parts for life. Nobody else nowhere is being doing that. So forget about those big dealers and car giants who scream and shout and jump up and down in life through their teeth like their cash-ronoba. Collar good buddy David Rich the GM at Armstrong Toyota Homestead the 305-24232-47 for an honest goodness unbeatable deal. Let's 305-242-3247. Travel little and save a lot on that great new Toyota Armstrong Toyota of Homestead. I can't lose this poor twinuel bicycle. You a-am. Bad my junior honey. So sad that yesterday yesterday yesterday. So sad that yesterday yesterday yesterday. He was no-to-smeal and he just can't just stir 60-welfare-love. And like you know, now we stay at home. Let me know to it 5-60-wc. We got the mad dog, Jim Madditch at 2. We got the hup or the Hebrew hammer, Hank Goldberg 4-635. Marlins on deck at 6-35, Marlins on at the reds. Try to make up for last night's loss. 7-10 tonight, Eddie Kaffer to the baseball game. That's our agenda. No forget, joint QM file for Marlins watch party. Starting at 6 o'clock tonight. Is that mean you get a free watch? It would be nice, but no. Free Rolex? Tonight at the Pine's Al-House said 1-17-95 Pine's Boulevard stopped by the windprices. Marlins tickets from Billy the Marlins and the Mermaid's. Popsicles and icicles have it to be hit by the Mermaid's right? If you get the Marlins and the reds you know where they are? No. Popsicles, icicles, or... Denny, denny, denny. These never feud. Anyway, catch the Marlins and the reds and the Pine's Al-House six o'clock. Be there or not. This is the case made. Here's the fact that it says, did you hear the interview with W. Where he said he was in and being labeled as in-targeted. No, but I heard where he said, Avugar rape. I heard that. Oh, geez. Nnn. This is a scary, okay? But keep in mind we had those mugmump those redneck states. And of course we are in Florida, where he do have a lot of infiltrators from Alabama, Georgia, Mississippi, Louisiana. And the places like that. And of course, Tennessee. In a Tennessee, I'm sure they saw it. Avugar rape. Right. Yeah, all the time. Anyway, 300 now, the first pull is over, okay? Just an hour. Just information for our purpose. Nothing sexy about it. Even the boobies. Although Lola Flan is on our upbeat hunt to be decirited. If you're over 90 in the GIS, Crock can see your hands above the desk. 300 80 votes. How many bedtime stores usually read on our website? Several 132. That makes me feel like we're doing a man. Several. I only want to see the boobies 69. Well, that's good to 69. A few 62. Once in a while, I read a few 61. All of them 31. Wow, wow, wow, wow. About 30, man. 8% of the audience reads all of those. So we've got to start putting a whole bunch more on their ear. Ha ha ha ha ha. Ha ha ha. All right. Not good to say. Yeah, about 50. 60. 100. Come up to it if he is, you think he's up to it? Oh, well, if he'd like Josh, do them. Oh, yeah. And never read any 25. That's only 69%. So that means 93. And I have percent. Are we like a wanderer a couple or, you know, what days scroll through it? Is there anything of interest? Interest, right? Sure. Okay. Here's the pull for this hour. I'll let's take a call for a WQA in hello. We need hard. WQA in hello. Hey, how are you? Pretty good, sir. Uh, no. I know the dancers are in the news today, but I should have to answer your question. We loved up. And by the way, Tampa may really suck last night. They played a problem. They were eating much. Calgary games. They'll shut them down. And they never had any offense at all. It could never get going. Calgary just had them look like down tight. Well, you know how it is in the playoffs. You get beat up by. I think the flyers beat them up for seven games. Yeah. And it's sure it showed in game one. You know, you're right. That's a good point. The flyers series took a lot out of them. And of course, we've seen the Tampa can play a crappy game one day. And then come right back to the next game and play like champion. So we'll. Okay. Now, let's let me, and I, you know, I want to, I want to see if you could dispute a rumor. If it's true that McLean Doug McLean up there fired their broadcast crew and he wants Remember to come up there. I don't really know that I heard that before the show this morning. Not from remember himself. But I mean, I just talked to him. I was in town last week. And I, I don't know. He hasn't say anything to me. So I'm going to ask, what, where did you hear that? Why, I read the article on the Columbus dispatch. Oh, that's where that came from. So, so you might want to check in that at, okay. Let's talk about the fans for a couple seconds. I don't want to go out. I want to go out there. Yes, sir. Hi. If you look, if you look at all 16 teams that went to the playoffs this season, each team, and they, with the, well, there's no exceptions, but the exception would be a couple teams have two former Panthers on it. That's number one. That red Warner's plain like crazy man for Calgary. I'll tell you that. Well, they all play better when they leave here. That's not a coincidence. That's now. How can you go through, how can you go through so many coaches and so many general managers? Before you have to get it right, and I'm thinking now, all of them now, Dudley, Dudley was good to bring him in the kids because he brought him to the kids and Tampa, but he didn't finish his job there. So maybe, team who will finish his job here, what do you think? Well, you mean he didn't bring an Andrew Chuck and Tampa, he didn't bring in Freddie Modena and Chan, he didn't bring in young veteran, huh? Yeah, no, he did, but, but, uh, I don't want to tell you, the newspaper is here. I rip an Allen Cohen and Aslan, I noticed that even the South Florida newspapers rip him and Aslan is nervous, so he hasn't got any clue what he's doing. He was no more qualified to win a hockey organization than my little menpin, rest in peace, and it's showing, you know, and the people are paying a wicked price for it. I mean, and not only that, they keep making a Samus state. They signed Keenan for two more years, then they fired him. They had to keep paying him. They signed the credit, they extended his contract. Now they fire him and they got to keep paying him, which was a question. Stop or take what they offered Dudley another job in the organization because he's on the payroll anyway, okay? Exactly, but Neil Chuck or Ted, I mean, he was a goalier way from winning the Stanley Cup. Yeah. I opinion it. So I mean, back where the man, let me say, the job art hand reminds me of Roger Neil's in other words, he's okay for maybe get a team that's a little bit on a week's side into the playoffs, but in a playoffs, he just say he's too defensive minded. I don't like his fellow hockey, I can't stand it. Okay, and one last question. The closing please, because we're losing the audience. He's a European item. The European one was the flyers or the flyers still close to winning the Stanley Cup. Of course. I mean, because that was just heartbreaking. All I will take to this Robert Ashes. Good as he was, but he let in some real stinkers there along the way. Man, he let in some bad goals. Okay, good luck with Palic. Go, Lee's go. Come on, Lightning, wake up, please. That was a horrible game. Okay, what morning radio show before 10 a.m. do you listen to most? Now, I know we did this similar, you know, when Stern first went off the air back at the end of February, whenever it all was. But this is important now because we need to find out where the eclipse are falling. You know what I'm saying? Where did they all go? Where did they all go? Well, where did they all lay in out? You know? What morning show? Radio show before 10 a.m. do you listen to most? I, uh, I put none. That's obviously a choice. None. I don't listen to the radio before 10 a.m. Well, I hear like a little bit of mow and then a little bit of, uh, Gildy this morning. Oh, that's really painful. I'm going to be the announcer. I'm going to do the pant again. That's what you know. Which I think is a little bit over the top, Kelly. Okay, I mean, we know you're going to be doing the games. We wish you well. I, uh, I don't want to say I really mean that. I think I really mean that. I don't know. He just gets on my nerves. But at any rate, uh, unlike mow, who of course is hoping he falls on his ass. Because two things, he knows that Kelly wants to get away from him. So we now he hates him like poison the number two, uh, being the play by, but play thing in Mose Ego. He wants to be the only play by play guy in America. Is what a bull's down to. See what I'm saying? What do you say? He's afraid that Kelly might do a really good job. And then people say, wow, that's Steve Goldstein, you're proud to turn out to be really great play by play guy. He even knows who the players we are. No, make all those mistakes. Like somebody does the dolphin games that absolutely things like that. He don't want that coming back and is, are we pushed? What morning radio show before 10 amd. Listen to most NPR, Paul and Ron, who? Lire Lire, your pants are right fire. Paul, what can't I mean? See, I guess here's a guy that don't care about credibility because he doesn't have any. He just makes up lives as he goes along. Lex and Terry, which George said he heard this morning and really blows. Uh, WMIV, which is the bacon bacon boys. That's VAKA, bacon boys. Why 100? Fully. He's an idiot. More Howard David. There's the man. That's the man. More Howard David. That's the movie. Joe Rose, Albee Silk. That's Power 96. WEDR Rick Party. Well, what, uh, I'm sure that must be his real name when you think Rick. Party. Yeah. And Sally, orgy was on mid days on EDRs pretty good too. Uh, the coast, those two girls, those of the, I have no idea who they are. Have you ever heard them? No. No. Those two girls are the girls I'm coast in the morning. WRMF. I mean, I wonder if the MF stands for. WRMF, which isn't Palm Beach County, but I happen to think it's a pretty damn. Good station relatively speaking compared to the rest of the soil. That's on FM and South Florida. Not great. Uh, WCMQFM, which we don't know who's on the morning. We know Guillermo shorts is on noon to two and tickin' everybody's asked. By the way, I hate to break the news. The doctor Laura wasn't on in the last book, Paulie. Most of the book. And uh, be me. Dr. Laura, who beat you with the rating? Yeah. Between ten and noon. What's the guy that's on the guy from Tampa? Glenn Beck. Grimeswood. I get it. I get it. He had a 3.2 share. Okay. We had a 9-3. He had a 3-2. Good lawyer. Let's go ahead and respect this in cookie page. I'm sorry. I mean he doesn't know it. Listen the last book, and I talk about it on the ears. She had a lot without the ratings that were here because I get the 111 years up right there. Okay. So the red bed and the redbed contains the best item. Thank you, Sarah. Okay. And the very reason we get out of here at Monday night. I'm glad. I will present it all tonight. Good day. Good day, guys. I'll be back. Turns out the radio is here. But the card really works. so hot and magic are good buddy Rick Shaw, Ricky Tiki. Which I if I was in town I'd be tuning in every morning to Ricky Tiki. Not near the music because we know the music sucks thanks to the EPD but just here Rick say, I am not that good. Well I kind of get a kick out of that one. Rick Shaw says that. I hope you have a good day, Rick. We love you. There's a survivor man over 40 years. I'm just out of the hike or I'm closing it on the 30 man. 30 but there's a guy been on the ear in South Florida for over 40 years. Rick Shaw. He just might have been the first voice I heard on the radio down here. I do like that and he also agrees he would never have been an out said about Bob Hamilton and that awful music they make him play. He knows what we're talking about but he needs a job. Right. Anyway, so if there's anybody I left out you can call it in and tell us like probably in Palm Beach County because we don't know too much about Palm Beach or maybe in Monroe County is there any station on the ear they know? No, we don't know. One morning radio show before 10 in the middle of New McDonald's. Let's take a look at the early returns here okay? None. NTR 11. Joe Rose 7. All right, you to man Joe. Oh, yeah, a nice book. There know what we don't want Kelly on with them. Hey, by the way, let me say it again. Go there. I know you're hit his soul in the size of a bowling ball but I do want to tell you this right now. Joe Rose adamantly absolutely and positively does not want you on at show with them. So you better make that panther gig work. You better pray. You better get with that idiot Gary Pettman and get in those negotiations. Those labor negotiations and make sure there's a hockey season next year because otherwise you're going to be out. You're going to be out in the beach. Joe Rose 10. What does it just change again? NTR 25. None. I'm sorry. NTR 19. Joe Rose 10. Paul and Ron 5. Mohour David and 3. The coast one. W RFX Dan Silio one. Carl Foster voted he's got one. Ha ha ha ha. Out of the first 65 votes. Carl bananas foster he would. How do you like that? Wow. See this business. You know when you could tell the industry was really starting to go in a crapper big time. And he had these brokerage stations and people were behind your way out of the year. See, when you have to buy your way on a year. That tells me a lot. You don't say it. Just tell me what your problem. All we better put him on there too because the light that's just a psychic last time we didn't do it. He got all wounded and his list is 10 list. O.G. Okay. I don't know what the call is. Steve came. Is he on in the morning? Yes. Of course he's on in the morning. Steve and what's that little tour priest got with him there? Whatever his name is. Brian K. He's got a great game with his name. He's got probably Nick is hanging on the background, smelling things. Or just smelling things up. So make sure we get there. We've been that on there Josh. Steve came. Yes. We are K.A.A. Don't spell like K in the Naval man because he ain't too able. And he's got that big fat lawyer friend of his two that what's his name? Richard Esson and that's why he does the Eats. S and S and S and we're getting an S and man. Just eats an Eats. I would be surprised to be exploded on the year one day. 1113 at 560 W. Q M. N. Hey, there's a great picture waiting to explode on your TV. It's HD TV from Vroom. That's right. Vroom is high definition TV delivered via satellite. This and HD receiver. The picture is so superior in a regular TV. It's like comparing the latest CD sound to the very first Edison cylinder. Vroom is the only entertainment system designed for high definition TV. Vroom has got the most HD TV anywhere. And they provide all the equipment you need to enjoy the ultimate HD experience. Including the satellite dish HD receiver in the world too. Vroom has got over 30 channels of HD program. You can watch ESPN and high definition even. That's three times more than you get from cable. And they've got all your other favorite channels like HBO and TV. Even those local channels and we're apologizing for those. Vroom has got over 120 channels of great entertainment weighten on you. Vroom even has exclusive channels that you just can't even get on cable or satellite. Including HD movies, music and sports. So with Vroom you get all the channels you have now. Plus all these new awesome high definition channels to really enjoy too. Call Vroom today toll free. 1866-848-8666 or visit online at vroom.com for limited time off of that includes free installation. No up front cost, no long term commitment. That's one 866-848-8666 or vroom.com online. But you better check it out today because the offer ends next Monday, May 31. RIDE and local, we're sports radio 566-8iam. Wiuild, oh, I hate that station. That's a movie. Like the movie, like the baby, always cool. I said when I broke up the protocol on the view, that now it's run by creepy, courtroom wolfing. I don't even care about the bottom line on you. We are a different power as well as We try to see, you'll be steady push it's friends And don't let so much and we're new here and there Inside and all the angles, you ain't drie swine You ain't like baby Game off and play話, because it's Second time gives a baby to ya startather than anyone else Baby you don't strike we can start and hang it Out the talents' gone No matter where you are You're a little bit of a star. You're a child. You're a little bit of a star. You're a little bit of a star. How, how, how, how. 11.19, somebody facin' says you forgot about Dr. Joy Brown on 6.10 a.m. W.I. Oh, D. Who the hell's that? Ah, this check, I guess. Who the hell is Dr. Joy Brown? Not a, I don't know, Brown Joy. Musta that something sounds like he might be interested. At any rate, oh, let's get her on her right away. Josh, does he? He's on there. Okay, just relax now. Don't get all hyper on me. What morning radio show do you listen to the most before 10 o'clock in the A.M.? N-P-R 39. None 38. W-N-U-N. I don't listen, I know, get none. Joe Rose 25, Paul and Ron 10. Let's see, they've he's voted five times if my math is right. Mohaw, he's dividend six. Carl Foster 2. Carl Foster's got a pair. A close two. W-R-F-X, Dan Siliose got one. Rick Party 1. What kind of a name is that? Rick Party. I don't know. Wow. Rick Party. And no votes yet for W-E-D-R. L-B-S-S-W-R-M-F-W-C-M-Q-F-A-M-A. L-N-L-S-N-Terry. Lexi, what a bit of a holler name is Lexi and Terry Tom Joyner. The hardest work a man in the radio biz. W-M-I-B, which I thought we knew who they were. The vacabois, they don't have any. Why 100 foot, you don't have one. Steve King, just one honor, he don't have one yet. W-R-D, Dr. Joyce Brown has gotten on so far. 560, 056, 056, the only AT&T in Verizon wireless line. Boy, life is sure great. I'll tell you that right now. Right now, I would say, I don't get too much better. You know what I mean? For who? For me. Son of a Shinin here right now. It's going to be a beautiful day, Paul, because I know you really care about these Toronto weather forecasts. It's a matter of fact. I'll give you the up to the day. Temperature right now from Masini Paul's TV. I'll give you a spot to hockey, Moptical. Probably a bunch of Arabs. 16 degrees. It's starting to get sunny for the first time in quite a while. We had a lot of cloudiness and rain and murky stuff. That's okay. It's going to be a what? 166 today? 70 tomorrow? 16 is what? 61 Fahrenheit. Today in two bad. In fact, it's time to go out and have a hard day. Yeah. In our pants. Line 9's ringing. W-Q-A-M. Hello. Q-A-M. Line 9 is dead? That's a rare opportunity. I'm sorry. I'm a foolish listener out there. W-Q-A-M. Q-A-M. Oh, ah. Hello, Neil. Yes? Hello, your family house. Pretty good. Well, you're a good family. Never better. As the man dog would say. Hey, I'm a little surprised. You didn't add your favorite Bob and Tom to that list. What about why I forgot about them because they're not on in the south photo market. They're on in Palm Beach. What station are they on? There's a guy from the gate in 987. But you probably have them at least midway to Broward. I would imagine. What? 50,000 lots of stations. Let's get him on a right away Bob and Tom a very bad oversight for which we apologize for refusely. A apology, except to pay what you do watch the President's speech. No, I did not. You know, I did hear him say, I'll book our red. I heard that. He stumbles and stammered throughout the entire thing. That big words are not one of his strong points. But you know, throughout the whole thing, he didn't say anything new. Yeah, well, we know that. That's what everybody said. He just rehashed a symbol. The numbers didn't carry because they knew it was just going to be a rehash and it was. It was a rehash and then he said, you know, he changed. He didn't mention weapons of mass destruction. However, he did say that the reason that we went into the rack was to liberate and to bring democracy. And still, to this day, I still encounter people who think that Saddam was responsible for 9.011. Well, in that case, I would say just shoot him, you know. Uh, yeah, we're going to have to. No, I love your buddy and joy to you. Have a great day. The big day. Gary says, could you add BBC world service and air America to your list? Holy cow. Oh, my God. I wasn't the both before I switched to QAM for your four hours. Then immediately, the music says, Gary, BBC world service, which I have no idea what that is. We should have, we should have, extender something in a series. Oh, and air America. Well, air America ain't going to be on the, we're not talking about online. We don't want to find out about people listening online. It's all well and good, but that's not a radio show. I mean, it isn't for us. Do you see what I'm saying? Yeah. For the carbon man. Ha ha ha ha. What do you listen to before 10 in? Now, why did Dave ask put in like, tell me the question. Okay. And then before you and the answer, you read the question back to me. When, when I can pick it up, 70% of the time, I listen to Stirren on 96.1. I came out of Naples for it Myers. Okay. Well, kid, we want to put, no, that's the right. Right? People still listen to Stirren online, which they're more than in time. But we're not going to put him on because he's not on a radio no more in software. That's the whole point of this. It's to find out what people are listening to on it. I'm at old sad thing called a radio that used to be great. Used to want to squeeze it and hug it and touch it. Now it's like, oh, geez, get that thing away from me in the radio too. Somebody says, Francisco Arruca on waxy 799. I didn't know he was on in the morning. Yeah. I never, huh? Remember that call? He's on twice a day apparently. Francisco Arruca is the best way to show on him. What, what time is he on? I don't know. See, everybody likes him, but nobody has any idea what time he's on, which is kind of strange. They will wax these 799. Francisco Arruca. Although it says your Francisco Ayuda. I don't think that's grand enough. Francisco Ayuda. Get with it. Okay. Get with the big of a pony man. We're going to deport your ass. Francisco Arruca plus I like saying that. Love it. I'm mixed by pallet like Quiver. Arruca. Ooh. Anyway, he's on eight to nine batches of the hot abortion. Of course, the old fart humans probably don't like him. All like I said yesterday, the rumor we're hearing is the humans are starting to turn it around. That's right. You're starting to bash the old bush mice to start to finally see the light better late than never. You don't say it. They wouldn't be blinded by the light, but now they're starting to see the light at the end of the tunnel. Maybe it was one of those tunnels that were checking out in Israel. 26 after 11 and 5 and 60 WCWM. I better get this all set. Because I don't know if Josh is going to charge us through the say, see him or not. And we can't afford, you know, with our low budget show. I'm paid by the trip. Yeah, I'll bet. Lobster Fest is back at the Amocost. You're going to love that. Of you see food lovers. This is not just another Asian buffet. Which there are how many of those around town. Not third in May. Every street corner is another imitator. Another faker. But you find nothing like the Amocost. They offer you sensational mouthwatering. This is everything is fresh. They use no crap, no MSD, no cornstarch. They cook only with cholesterol free rolls. You walk out of there with a big full stomach and a big smile on your post. No pounding headache. Six different kinds of soups. All kinds of great enthrays like New York, strip made of order. They're sizzling Asian grill. Who non fish that's a brand new item on the menu? Main lobster thermator style, Jonah Crab, oysters on a half shell, handcarb primer of the new Thai specialties as well. You'll find a full salad bar, full Chinese food lineup. Their brand new sushi bar and fresh. See you. See you cocktail. And if you have any room left at the end of this incredible feast. A really great delicious fresh goodies. There are most of the features of full dessert station featuring. See you. Belgium waffles, pies, cakes, pastries. Ice cream with. See you. The other favorite toppings too. Even fresh fruit. Airmold coasted great taste to pick out. Now with three locations. Pember pine, sunny house and in sunrise. So take the family book in business lunch and whatever you like. And let the folks at the airport cook up a gigantic feast. See you. Just for you. They're voted number one by the get restaurant reviews. WSV and news is South Florida's best Asian buffet. Take out the liver. Always available too for that called 9.5.4. 5.7.2.38.22. That's 9.5.4. 5.7.23.8.22. The right nothing like it. The world famous Emerald Coast Chinese buffet. 9.5. And locals. This is Fort Real by 64. You win 2.8. And. 5.6. 5.8. 5.6. WQA. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 3.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5.8. 5. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 5.8. 3.8. 5.8. 5.8. 7.8. 6.8. 7.8. 8.8. 7.9. 7.8. 5.8. 7.8. 2.8. Wow, see you saw that movie right and do we actually see Brad's answer that movie? Oh, yeah, actually he's not affected. Oh no. I already sensed his even bigger than Howard from Boca, but that could be just a rumor. Well, anybody want to see Brad's ass. We already saw his penis on the internet years ago and it wasn't really quite frankly very impressive and now we saw his echo. But nevertheless, she's all whipped up about it. You've well-slided our from Boca. And looking at the polries off, look who Joe Rose is left in the dust. Our from Boca. Right. Oh, my, I suppose, usually a couple of times, right? Got it there. Please. Here's the polries off so far. What morning radio show before 10am, do you listen to the most? None. 79 people just don't listen to me for 10 o'clock at a morning and don't forget that's the time to turn it on. When a little hand hits the big hand at 10 o'clock, that's the time. Oh god. Man, sounds pretty good. I can't tell you what to do, but we would appreciate it very, very much. Wouldn't we? A lot. At least a little bit. Sounds coming out looking like a nice day here, Pauli. I wonder if he's the Pauli girl. None. 81. NPR 80. Joe Rose 74. That's a big number, Joe Rose almost no. No, no. I realize it's on the same station, the odd yaddi, odddi, but nevertheless, Bob and Tom 21. They passed Paul and Ron like they were laying in a prone position. How do you like that? Bob and Tom. God, is there any Bob and Tom that we can, or I know, we got one of we can play. Yeah, there's a couple. Are there? Hmm. Or are they only one that immediately comes to mind is, uh, I can find the damn thing. Is this a drop? Here on the taxi, carol, but that's a driver. That's a real problem. What's another, we can't play headstand pool. That's for damn sure. No, we can't play prison bitch. Oh, God. No, no, no, can't play deliverance weekend, either. No. I wonder if we might be able to play the national pro-panthics, uh, because those bleeps are a mile wide and nothing. Are they really? Well, we'll work on it. In fact, let's play it on the nice break. Sure. Oh, I'm working on it. Maybe I'll check it out. Because we would my month have another trip to the doctor so soon. He was just there yesterday and said, everything came out just fine. I don't even know what I said. Not alone, guys. Even the doctor said came out just fine. Pop that just like that. Well, he was in there looking around for stuff. You know, he wouldn't believe what he found. Anyway, what morning radio show before 10 am you listen to most non-81 NPR 80 Joe Rose 74. By the time 21, Paul and Ron 15, there's stuck on 15. I'll tell you who else is stuck is Mo is stuck on eat. See, this is what happened, Mo. You came in. You're burned your bridges with everybody else on the station and the market and the human race. And now you're stuck. You're a loser and even guilty is abandoning the ship now. How do you like that? Absolutely. WRFX Dan Silio's even got seven. He's right on most ask. Can you believe that? Almost just got another one. He's got nine. Dan Silio's got seven. The coast in Carl Foster have five of these. Carl Foster has got five. You got to be Schmidt and me man. He might be a contender, but I doubt it. Lex and Terry have been stuck on four long time. But then again, all fairness to them, even as mugwumpy and corny as it is, it's they just went on. Right? Right. Then they just go on this week or was it last week? I thought it was this week. This week? Are you sure? No. But I thought so. I mean, what they have been on long enough. Francisco Arruca's got three. Why 100 foot he's got a pair. WI would need Dr. Joy Brown too. Tom Joyner, the hottest work of man or radio biz he's got two. Rick Parties got one. W. The bake boys on MIB which say new times, loves them like crazy. They got one. Steve Cains got one. Oh man. CMQFM don't have any of those LB silk who's on. How can LB silk not have any power 96? That's our crowd in it. No. No. EDR's none and RMF none. 321 votes. But you know the group, the demographic group, there's an article in the Canadian paper. One of me yesterday about how 18 to 34 year olds here don't vote just like in the US. And that's because 18 to 34 year olds don't give a flying craft of a lot of politics. So maybe that's one of the reasons that our 18 to 34 audience for the whole station vanished in LB. It might have been a sampling thing. Because it didn't seem to be able to find too many 18 to 34 year old people in the South Florida who's been getting glazed. Don't catch my grip. So we'll see. But again, that they're probably bored by it. You know what? Who cares? Let him go out and get laid. Let him look into movies on the pictures and then have a good time. That's all. When you're 18 to 34, that's what you want to do. You want to have a good time. Of course, if you have a bunch of Nazis and fascists coming, then they make them sure you can't have a good time. And he said, Oh, gee, I wish I would have paid a little bit more attention before. But it then it's too late. See? See what I'm saying? By then it's too late. So on you punks out there, Reggie registered to vote. And even though he looks very scary, you better vote for Kerry. Okay. I'm just on you right now for your damn good for your own good for the good of human race. That's true. I read before it. That should be on billboards and it should be on TV and it should be shouted from a megaphone's Oliver Merrick. You know what? I went about the hate-feet act. Huh? Yeah. Comey. Okay. Here's one that somebody sent in this morning that you fact from Frank Rich, no Kind of, Frank Rich. And by the way, Rich, good luck in your new enterprise. And I still interested. Michael Moore's Candid Camera. Frank Rich in New York Times now starts out. It's got a quote from Barbara Bush. I'm good morning America. Mark's 18th 2003 where she says, But why should we hear about body bags and debts and how many? What day it's going to happen and how many this or what do you suppose? Or I mean, it's not relevant. So why should I waste my beautiful mind on something like that and watch him suffer? She needn't have worried. Her son wasn't suffering. And one of the several pieces of startling video is added for the first time in Michael Moore's Fahrenheit 9.11. We catch a candid glimpse of President Bush some 36 hours after his mother's breakfast TV interview. Minutes before he makes his own prime time, TV address to take the nation to war in Iraq. He is sitting at his desk in the Oval Office to make up woman is doing his studies and Mr. Bush is having a high old time. You know, he doesn't say a gay old time. He's having a high old time. He darts his eyes about him grins as he grew up if he were playing a peekable game with someone just off camera. He could be a teenager goofing with his buds to relieve the passing TDM of a haircut. In your wildest dreams, you couldn't imagine Frank Lund Roosevelt behaving this way 30 seconds. Not 30 minutes. Before declaring war with grave decisions in their consequences at stake, said Mr. Moore in the interview before his new documentary's premiered last Monday. But then maybe giving him credit for thinking that decisions were grave. As we spoke to consequences of those decisions kept coming, the premier of Fahrenheit 9.11 took place as news spread of the assassination of a widely admired post-it-on Iraqi leader blown up by a suicide bomber just 100 yards from the entrance to America's safe headquarters in the green zone and Baghdad. Fahrenheit 9.11 will arrive soon enough at your local sit-and-plex. There's lots of money to be made, so this got much of a squabbling on root. Disney hasn't succeeded in censoring Mr. Moore so much as an enhancing his status as a master provocateur and self-promoter. And the White House, which likewise hasn't a pair of stopping this film, may yet bend the PR flames. It's so outrageously false, it wasn't even worth comment was the... ...Bustry opening week's novel by Dan Bartlett, the White House Communications Director. New York Stately News reported that Republican officials might even try to use the federal election commission to shut the film down. That would be the best thing to do to happen to Michael Morrison, Charlottesston, granted a review. Whatever you think of Mr. Moore, there's no question he's detonating dynamite here from a variety of sources. For in journalist in broadcast with like Britain's channel for, freelancers and sympathetic American TV workers who slipped into a listed video, he supplies wartime pictures that am largely shielded from our view. Instead of recycling images of the planes hitting the world traits in a R&D 11 again, Mr. Moore can revel an extended new close up to the present continuing to read, might peg go to elementary school students and Florida for nearly seven long minutes after building of the attack. Just when Obelgrab and the Savage Beheading of Nicholas Berg made a statement we've seen it all, here is yet another major escalation in the nation-jolting images that have become the battleground for the war about the war. Ferenite 9-11 is not to move even more watches fans or folks who are expecting it for war, the foes would find it easier to ignore. When he first announced the project last year after his warsh Oscar-Nai dive travel against Mr. Bush, he described as an ex-phosé of the connections between Bush and Vid Laden Dynasties. But that story has been so stringently told elsewhere, most notably in Craig Unger's best settler House of Bush House of Saud that it's no longer news. Mr. Moore settles for a brisk recap in the first of films two hours, and predictably he stirs it into an over-the-top at times, tendences replay of Bush's haters' greatest hits, Katherine Harris, the Supreme Court, Harkin Energy, A. Wall and Alabama, the Carl Alguro Palabrton, the lazy Crawford Vacation August 2001, the Patriot Act. Potentable beathers off in another direction entirely, Mr. Moore takes the same hairpin turn the country as over the past 14 months, and crash lens into the gripping story that is unfolding in real time right now. Wasn't it just weeks ago we were debating whether we should see the coffins of the American dead, and whether Ted Couples should read their names on nightline? In Fahrenheit 9-11 we see the actual dying of American troops and Iraqi civilians alike, with all their rift flesh and spilled guts at the violence of orientales. If Steven Stealberg's Spielberg consominate World War II carted and David Priorion, a saving private ride, it's hard to argue that Mr. Moore should shy away from that reality in present they wore. We also see some of the 4,000-plus American casualties, those troops hit in the way in clinics and Walter Reed in Blanchfield Army Community Hospital in Fort Campbell, Kentucky, where they try to cope with nerve damage and multiple severed limbs. They're not silent, they talk about their pain in their morphine, and they talk about betrayal. I was a Republican for quite a few years once soldiers says with almost innocent era of bafflement, and for some reason they conduct business in a very dishonest way. That's a Frank Rich column, makes you want to see that movie run right out and see right now, don't it? I want to see it hard. All right soon. London 57 at 560WQM nobody wants to talk or think about having cancer, heart disease, all these grotesque things, but... It's a proven fact that disease responds extremely well the treatment of detected early in time. Hollywood I'd not have sent her as proud whenouts had make available to you folks, their virtual colonoscopy, which is so much less intrusive than they traditional a colonoscopy believe you may. Coinary heartscoring and full body-speeding exams that can detect cancer in other life threatening diseases in their early stages before it's too late. A doctor's beef roll is never needed. For all your imaging exams call Hollywood Diagnostic Center at 9-5-4-966-3600 for the test that can give you and your family your loved ones peace of mind. I was there a few weeks ago, and it's like a miracle what they can do with modern technology now. At Hollywood Diagnostic Center they offer state-of-the-art imaging equipment with open MRI, high-speed CAT scans, nuclear medicine, and much, much more. Hollywood Diagnostic Center has been serving the community for over 20 years, and their facility also provides a complete mobile diagnostic service that can come right to you. So, while Hollywood Diagnostic Center, I really mean it could be one of the most important calls a life-saving call that you can ever make for those imaging exams today called 9-5-4-966-3600. This is Mark Morgan, is the 12-1 hour on QATM. You're my George Bush, your positions at the State, because John Kerry is out to steal your faith, it's those questions, a cup of national guard that might leave your rev you. Cation start. I'm just wondering, you're not a WOL, and you can't forget your name on the day. WOL. What a funny thing, the military can't find. Where you were in the morning, it's time you've party then you went a WOL, and daddy of the WOL, but I doubt it, 12-3-5-60-WOL will shock John, jump the satellite with contact might be even we've been entertaining. The only problem with that is, and I'm cautioned you before you go out and spending big bucks to have an XM or what's the other one? Sirius. Sirius. Get serious. One of those put in is that the American Nazi government right now, they were within one vote of putting that in the current legislation. They just failed by one vote, being able to sense your cable and satellite TV and satellite radio as well. Oh my God. I like that. So the Vubi and penis police, I mean they're just everywhere. Anyway, ever since shocked John Howard Stern suggested that he might jump ship to satellite radio rather than endure an FCC in D-Sensee, correct? There's been considerable speculation about whom I'd actually be the first to take the plunge. Agent Robert Eatman, who probably is a really great agent, I'm like some people sit around pretending to play radio, but we don't know a thing about the business. Agent Robert Eatman represents former WWE New York jox Greg Hughes and Anthony Kumi, a collectively known as Opian Anthony, as well as MS Communications Man Calmuller, tool the New York Post at one or more maybe considering moving to satellite. It's going to be a massive platform in the near future, even said a satellite radio. I know there's a scuttle about about Opian Anthony coming to us or XM, Sirius spokesman Elsie Brown, who the New York Daily News, will talk with anyone but we wouldn't have any announcement without contracts. We're always looking at opportunities at an XM's chance Patterson, but we don't have any specific statement in regard to Opian Anthony, at least not yet. Are you like that? Yeah. Glenn and Dan Burke Connecticut, fact, says, I know he despised you and him, but that report this morning about how the oil companies, who have gouged this for billions of profits, had the boss twice for millions. I don't know. This is pathetic Glenn and Dan Burke Connecticut. I just got through a week near article a few minutes ago, was on CBS even news. Don't give CNN credit for this. The only reason they finally put it on here is because CBS blew the story all last night. Glenn, about how they didn't ask for millions, they got millions, then get the story right. They got millions of the Homeland Security fund because of the fact that they're good buddies well with the UNO home. Wow. And of course, you saw me a Bloomberg week or two ago, just belly aching like all the it mayors of the other big cities about the fact that they're not in dilly squad from Homeland Security and it's just a joke. In the meantime, there's 65 many of them went to the real companies with their billions of dollars in profits and people are sitting back on, like that. That's right. What's that? Javal Game Start. And speaking of all games, I was so shocked. I'm looking at the schedule for tomorrow, which by the way, we got a great news for you. Well, great news for us anyway. We got a Marlon's Game of 1235, which means the pregame show starts at 1230. And then, is if that isn't good enough tomorrow night, we got Hurricane baseball against Long Beach State. The Metallia's something, pal. Long Beach State's a girl's school. Oh. Playing another one in Girl's schools, so they specialize at U of M. Wow. 560, probably should've been taking some calls here along the way one or two, three or four, whatever. They probably got some important stuff. W to Q a M. Hello. Hey, how you doing? Pretty good sir. I don't know if anybody had a chance to tell you this. I've been in and out. But this morning, you were calling? Paul and Montenegro. Paul and Montenegro. How they ripped this in ass, yeah? No, this is about the, the, uh, the, uh, terror threat we have now. Oh. And, and they had a list on the, uh, Angela Ratio this morning about. Angela Ratio? Yeah. How much are the what Angela was saying? Yeah. Yeah. There is that they had a bullet at the list of what you should look for. This summer. Anybody wearing a heavy bulky coat on a hot day. Yeah. Anybody who has wires dangling from them. Right. Yeah. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. If you're letting a match and sticking it to your echo, you're either, uh, lighten your Farts or else you're a danger, it's one of the other. I couldn't believe I was taken by a, just as she goes up and says, I'll study hard for Mr. A. We love you. No, yeah, pray for, please. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Thanks for the good news, pal. Hi, buddy. See you. Yeah. Watch out for guys of it's 100 reason to shade. There were in Big Volkia clothing just like the raincoat. The rain, uh, the umbrella guy in Dallas, like, over 20 second, 1963. The umbrella man was a bright sunny hot day in Dallas. And here's the guy standing there with them. Brella, and then of course, just as the, uh, about a being. That's all right. He opened him. Brella, then he'd this vanish. Never seen a. I think it was Dick Nixon myself. 5 670 560, probably less than morning shows off at his list. We want to put them all on there. We don't want to like, slight anybody because it's a disparate business. And I, my sympathies go out to everybody in the business. So, of course, for a cast in over. There's a chronic liar. I would, I would, I would even overlook that Paul, but you just such a, such an idiot. Such a BS artist. Oh, I saw a brand of near-wajers of the saw grass. I mean, it started with that and it's just gone downhill from them. Just making up craft is go on here and talk garbage, okay? WQM, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Just a touch of us on that story and that gentleman just said about the heavy clothing in the wires. And the wire. I want to buy the horse about shoes. They're where those gigantic heavy clothes. And you know what? Right. Those white strings. The white strings sticking out of the sides of their clothes. The wires. I'm right. I'm right. I'm right. More obvious and list of fillings. What I'm here. Exactly. All right. Neil, just to let you know that. I can't believe it. He kept a little door to the doctors to choose. Oh, he was by the way. Okay. Thank you. Yeah. You know something, whether without the clothing, be careful with your orthodox shoes. Believe you me. Man, oh, man. If there's a spot on the toe and pull anywhere beneath them, man. I don't know where the hell it is. And anyway, how can you say that? Because it's true. And to most, that's our pull question on the arroggies.com. There are second pull question. First one about the website. It was pretty good. I thought it was pretty gratifying and satisfying and illuminating. And it was okay. That's all right. A little week. Anyway, none. I'm looking at his Joe Rose. Is this moving into first place? How do you like that? Wow. Joe Rose, who is so underestimated. I'm feeling good. See, and he should be. He's got 98 votes. They listen more to Joe than any other morning show. Wow. NTR 97, NU 97, WN, NU N, N. And then it's way down. Boy, that's pretty amazing. Way down. The Bob and Tom with 27 who passed Paul and Rod like they just both croaked. Bob and Tom, 27 Paul and Ron, 21. Mohour David is all about 30. 10. He's making a move. That's a move. WRFX Dan Silios got nine. Carl Foster's got seven. That's got to be a joke. That's got to be a put on. Francisco Arrucas got six. The coast has got five. Lexi and Terry five. Why 100? What? It's got four. Wiod Dr. George Browns got four. That to me is just a. That's scandalous. Tom Jordan or three on hot. Not so how 105. WMI B2. Steve Keynes got a pair. Probably foe phony. Rick parties got one. Hey. I can't even. I can't say that one on laughing. Rick party. Do you ever hear something so ridiculous in your life? What what's the season's on? Always on EDR. Well, he's jamming it. And no votes yet for CMQ FAM. And one way every time I ask about that station, nobody tells us what it is. And it was now the president of the very famous year. Most shworts who kicked everybody's ass in the fall book. They don't hit them at one or one or one or one. What? There's stuff on the website that. We need to alert the troops about. What is that? The bonus beaded curtain girl. And more importantly that whatever that petition thing. Link to that. Watch them. All the one that I said to you yesterday be sure. I was a way. And repressed thingy. There now. It was a long and arduous project I understand. Why is that? I don't know. Because it was. Well, we needed was just a link. It's just the free press dot net. It ain't as easy as all. That. Free press dot net. Sure. What have been just like any other. I believe now maybe I'm wrong. It's skews me. I want to get him going again. I don't want to get him saying. Wow. Like that because when he says it, the whole all Orlando shakes even Mickey's tailster. It's quaken. And things underneath. Back them. And anyway. So that's on air and be the curtain. You've picked my cure. By the way, EBR and RMF don't have any other. You're in the ruptured. I was right in the middle of it. So I'm rushing up my report. Okay. The grudge report. It's an anti war poster that they can, you know, download and print out and put around the off. Okay. There's a little of a flan. Oh, look at that. Isn't that a beautiful thing. Yeah. You know, I think there's something in the movies. By the way, look at that. That is fabulous. Now, who would do this? That's just some check some conscious, you know, my, did. Happy protestor. Well, how do you like that? Bonus coverage on the B.D. curtain today. But you must. And now we have to like make a very clear that only if you're over like 80. Right. Cause we got two pictures right there side by each. And if you're like, uh, something on the pump. God only knows what kind of things could happen. And John Askcroff would definitely not have proven they are tracing where you're looking at the occasion question. And how does he know I'm reading stuff on the air? here if you don't listen to the show yes sir you know uh... uh... a good in back to the you talk a little bit about sternness morning i guess i guess in the major market that clear clear channel took him out of it is is is is is the but well we're there there were no major markets you may jemarca was my money the other the other six were like a small the problem is my and a major market yes okay so if we don't know if we don't know if we're a right right i do send you who sets the price for the school of what they would have to pay for those shows is is is it's stern or is it i mean is it uh... right in a syndicate or whatever is it all he ought to do is he ought to drop his feet down as low as possible so that the small radio stations in those areas could pick up his show then he's back in the market in those particular markets and he can you know put a finger up to clear channel and say why do you want to do that his and cares making thirty million bucks a year what is he care about i guess is you know to be spiteful to go into the areas that clear channel is in a kiffin the public book against where general and i said the thing about it happened and have a great day five six seven or five sixty pound five six you let me say it again it's not about how it's during i realize that comes as a great uh... to a bitter pill to swallow it's about everybody it's about the business it's about the industry long after all of us are didn't very it's going to be about uh... what freedoms we used to have and people just they just don't need to look at it all you're just kidding as you can say that anymore you can play now we can w q a m hello i'm ill yes sir there's a radio couple that's to a show on a uh... high for high school they're like a underground team uh... reference you on the board god and all the interesting part of it is day clerk beyond again i've just decided to write it at moment yeah now the revenue is boyfriend they're not going to be on any more just the you know and just uh... put a stop to it at this point is where i put my feet down right on the flow your bare feet man there had to be bare feet some other faculty are my underwear very comfortable but morning radio show before ten a m due listen to most that's our poll question show rose a hundred and seventeen he's kicking at uh... based on little dog what at big head none hundred thirteen and p r one o eight they think it's great bob and time thirty five pollen around twenty nine they just can't catch a night now pollen rana got about thirty man they might can you just see the two of them now just frankly tapping away and tapping away and voting on the poll two uh... more how our david's got a dozen probably the dirty doesn't w r effects dan sillio's got nine Carl Foster seven friends iscoa rucas got seven lexon terry six the coast six why one hundred six doctor joy brown on w i o d four times one or four w m i b who's at that's uh... the make a boys the make a boys be having three rick parties got two steve canes got a pair so on w r m f one w e d r one and none yet zero for alby silk for uh... uh... uh... c m q f m out of four hundred and seventy five i guess that power ninety six rather just don't like us right yeah we don't have a lot of crossover with them where you know what the feelings manual beauty and So why did you? Yeah, what up husband? So why hate you? What do I do? And when I hear you. Okay. I want a time. You're a pector, Green, No, no, no, no, no, no, no. In a corner. And going to play. And play. And play. Why you, why you're the snaggy? That's me. I know my smell attract you. Thank you. But unlike that you, you've still got such a... I feel just like that you are my good brother. And what you need to do with another. That's why you're still not buying. And I'm going to start doing. Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no. And you need to do it just for the door. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. I want to go and put you in a kitchen. Oh, no, no, no, no. It's way too little, baby. No, right, that's enough. Puffer 82 at 560 WCM. We got, I keep saying we got the mad dog at 2, but we don't. What do we got? We got the Panther Press conference at 2, baby. Oh, yeah. Which means that, uh, and of course, Josh Darrell, Clarence Darrell, being the genius that he is. The programming, Maven. He says to me this morning before the show is said, Well, it's only going to be about 10 minutes. I think it's really going to hurt the ratings. I said, you probably that'll be the difference between us making the aboneness and not. That's right. And it's part of the 10 to 3 day part, which we share with our friend, the mad dog. And we, uh, take great umbridge and great hostility. If you would have, like, pretended that we care about what's happening in the world and put the online security of press conference at 2 on for the same 10 minutes. Actually, people with a brain, people with IQ larger than their thumbnail, might have stuck around for that and said, hey, guess what? We want to hear what the top bridge it has to say in the Robert Mueller in his spaghetti sauce. No, we got the panther press conference. That takes me back to the time there was some kind of adult and Jimmy Johnson thing that we didn't carry. Remember that? Oh yeah. And Barry Jackass and some of the other sports nerds in town. Oh my god, that was surely after we first came on his station. Oh my goodness. They didn't carry that. This is a sports thing. Well, this ain't a sports show. Okay, Barry, you, you little, twerp, you little suckling you. Man, I hope you're still brown baggin' it, okay? What a, what a piece of crap. Just a mouthpiece. Why, is there anybody, can you name me one person other than Carl Heisen in South Florida? Maybe once in a while Fred Grimm, name me one person that writes for the two day of fish wrappers, who's a real columnist. Once in a while Robert Steinbeck, if he gets inspired. Right? Yeah, what about Mike Mayo? If they don't pee on his chilins, who? Mr. Mayo. Like I said, you got to be kidding me, aren't you? Michael, hold the Mayo. About twice a year, he writes something that is even worth talking about. And we read it on here. We're getting credit. Nice God Mike. He firstifies this sports nerd. Just like that bitch that you told me died, that I played that call from Pat the Curry. Yeah. Same thing. She was the religion. First, she was the radio writer, and then I made her into religion writers. She died. And then she died. What does that tell you? What a progression that is. So I've watched myself, Mike, hold the Mayo. Don't be in no Mayo. It's for Goiam. Here's a fact that says when I leave my house in Palm Beach, Connie, I listen to Moan Sally, 105.5 FM. What is 105.5? She says, then I want to then Palm Beach station. We don't know what it is. No. Moan Sally. Moan Sally is Moan Sally. Is Moan Sally with him? Absolutely. But I get into Broward. I'll listen to Greg B. Dillon. Don Agony, 648. I'm a holy moly. Oh my God. Don Agony and Greg B. Dillon. They're on together again. You've got to be kidding. It's a good time for the great taste. Neil, this is noodles. Reminding you that it's always a good time for the great taste. Right. That's a Luxion Corral himself noodles. I thought he was in one's apartment in America. At any rate, it seems every time I tune to QM it's another commercial. Well, that's God for us with a lot of spots. Oh, that's all we care about anyways, the money. Yo. I mean, you know, took us a while to find the adapt to that, but that's it, attitudes. So why not us just give us the money more time off more pay and that's what it's all about. And I've done it. You've got to if nothing else, I get very high marks for being a good teacher. I have taught my students well. I taught to a rose dead lesson. I taught the mad dog very well. He works with every hell he feels like it. The humpers got down to like a three hour show and once in a while actually has to work the whole three hour. Not today though. Two and a half hours. Seriously. No wonder Hank isn't such a good mood lately. I mean, if you have to work two and a half hours most days, what kind of a job is that? And getting paid the kind of big bucks that he's getting paid and eating a big gigantic meals he must be eating from what you tell me. Iraqi secuse US troops of theft in house raids. Iraqi secuse US troops of stealing money and other property to what they say are aggressive, even destructive American raids on homes that can devastate families socially and financially. It's a huge problem almost everyone has something to say about gold money and other valuables going missing. And they don't believe they'll ever get him back said Adel Alame, a lawyer with the Rax Human Rights Organization. Adel Salame. Over the past 14 months of occupation US forces have carried out thousands of raids on homes across the country, in which money jewelry and other property were in cease from Iraqis suspected of anti-college activities. US military say items are generally confiscated on suspicion they could be used to finance attacks against US-led forces, and that this is by the sums of success in cutting off funding for guerrillas. A spokesman for the US-led coalition said he was aware of Iraqi complaints of theft during raids that some US soldiers have been disciplined for inappropriate conduct, but he said the problem was very rare, extremely rare. We're aware of it, but there's also the possibility of Iraqi's making malicious claims. You said just like that phoning wedding, you know? Right. Even terrorists and bad people have weddings and celebrations, even those damn little kids that we killed. They probably wouldn't have been a grown up. They were probably going to grow up to be the terrorist of the future, so let's kill them all anyway. Meanwhile, and the State International, which I noticed they showed us about three seconds that oppressed conference on the certainly not news network this morning, the Nazi propaganda network, and then they went right back to doing cake and again, who's going to be interviewing us on who's saying. I mean, we're talking about, you know, we make fun of Angela Rae, but when you come right down to what the talking head and that were our bubble head, the TV, bubble heads. I mean, everybody likes free bubble heads, but nobody wants like a no bubble head, as opposed to like the BBC. We could not return until six weeks after the events. See, there's a mere distinguished thing. She seemed like laughing and giving like a silly goose, like what's your name? Solidab Schwarz, an Angela Rae. And anyway, Washington's global anti-terror policies are bankrupt of vision as human rights become sacrificed in the blind pursuit of security, leading human rights group charts today. And the State International also wrapped partners across the world in the US self-aclared war on terror for jailing suspects unfairly stamping on legitimate political and religious descent and squeezing asylum-seekers. Remember the seekers? Yeah. The global security agenda promoted by the US administration's bankrupt of vision and the rective principle and the State head, Irwin Khan said launching its annual report. Violating rights at home turning a blind eye to abuses abroad and using print military force, where and when it chooses his damage justice and freedom, and made the world a more dangerous place. Specifically, and the sea last Washington for unlawful killings of Iraqis of Indians, questionable arrest and mistreatment of prisoners in Iraq, while automobay in Afghanistan, and opposition to a new global criminal court, the world is crying out for principal leadership, and saying the negative effects of US-led anti-terror policies has spread far and wide. I wonder if that Irwin Khan is going to gain his cons, driven by Eddie Cobb at the Suffolkdowns. Remember Eddie Cobb? Nope. I remember when I was losing their moral compass, sacrificing it by the way, a more bandy and its fridge, so is it my favorite two-carl island horses? Carl island passed away yesterday, thanks to Ian Fraamo, it's for letting me know the bad news. Great horsemen, Ohio family, but the race in Michigan in early days became a great breeder, developer and driver and trainer, etc. Carl Allen, he's dead. Aren't you sad about that? Carl Allen, okay. I mean you didn't even know who Steve Allen was for crying out loud. Yeah, I was at Staggy, Fuddy, Daddy. Yeah, well that's what he became at the ass in there, which goes to Shoya. What a shame that was, that was very sad, I broke my heart. And at least Jack Pardin became an old Fuddy, Daddy, and his waning days. Thank God. Twenty-two-one at five, sixty-wc, you have no forget you want us for a Marlin? Join them. For a Marlin's watch party, starting at six o'clock tonight at the Pine's Alhouse, located at 117-95 Pine's Boulevard. Stopped when our very embarrassing prizes and some Marlin tickets from Billy the Marlin and the Mermaids. Catch the Marlins and the Reds tonight at the Pine's Alhouse on the TV because they're playing Cincinnati. What's the name of the stadium? Great America ballpark. Oh, I see. And Billy the Marlin is John Ruth still doing Billy the Marlin or is he gone? Is somebody else doing it? Yeah, they got some of them. Really? Really? John Ruth was the hurricane. What tell was his name? The Masscon. Sebastian. No. Was it really? That's what it is now. And you know why John Ruth got that job at UM? You know who's responsible for that? Who? I'll give you a clue. That's right. Worth the College World Series in Omaha, Nebraska back in the early 80s and he was working for University of South Carolina. He was the Masscon and his nickname was cocky. Can we still say that? Oh, well that was his nickname was the GameCox was the nickname of the school. And anyway, I said to Ron Fraser one night at dinner one of those great steak houses in Omaha. Said this kid's really great. You ought to try and get him a U.M. And guess what he did being a great guy that Ron Fraser was back in the day. Did you know that, did you? Josh. I'll be there. Well, there's a little story for you. Not that anybody gives a crap. But there's a little story for some day when you're really, terminally bored. 12.40, what is five, 60 QAM? You know, summertime and south Florida guarantees three things. Heat humidity in hurricanes. You can't control the weather. But you can control how you protect your home during hurricane season. Florida, New Code Hurricane shutters is installed shutters in over 3000 homes all over town over the past decade from panels, a courty and rolled down or Bahamas shutters. Florida, New Code Hurricane shutters make it easy for you to pick out their hurricane protection. They you need for your home. Call 9.54, 8.68, 49.35 for your free home estimate. If you own a two-story home, you know how much pain in the acid is using a ladder to put up those shutters. But Florida, New Code now offers you a new steel panel system. Decide to be installed from the inside and second floor windows soon. I have to worry about ladders and breaking your neck. Believe and give you a credit for your existing hurricane protection toward any new purchase too. Call Florida, New Code Hurricane shutters today at 9.54, 8.68, 49.35. That's 9.54, 8.68, 49.35. Florida, New Code Hurricane shutters providing south Florida hurricane protection over the past decade. My life in local, we are sports video 5.66, you and you and you and you and you. The morning, you and you. This is a little number. I wrote the other day. We'll have duck hunting with a judge. Why? Thank you very much, the FCC. Thank you very much for finding me. 5,000 bucks a time really out of luck. As all the high deflice was charging me. So, thank you very much, the FCC. For proving that free speech just isn't free. The clear channels, the dear channel. So, how it's done, must go. A turny general Ashcroft doesn't like strong words and so. He's charging finances, what is all the drugs for rushly mo? So, if you want so very much. So, you very much give Mr. Bush. Or you're rowy girl is sitting on your tush. For Halle Burton and run all the companies who fail. Let's send them a clear signal. Amstick Martha straight in jail. She's an opportunity rich rich, and at least she isn't. So, if you want so very much. So, you take her to. You and everything you do. Your pace may come as be a faith. You haven't got a lot. As far as I'm concerned, your just a page defaced or fast. I've asked for con do these, she's an intellectual child. So, you all show their remarks. So, you very much keep the aim. For giving all the last gazoile away. It really is a bummer. When I come to my home, the OZones and OZones are now the animals here to say. So, you clear into games are going to take place in LA. So, you also very much. So, what the planet fails. Let's save the great white males. You also very much. For 48. It's good thing you're working at the hide-alty. You know what? Yeah. Hello? Come here. Okay. Readin'. I'm just, I just, I get a more enthusiastic response. It's a great bit. You've spent hours of an incredible work taking the effort out there. How many times? Not third man. At least, if not more than that. I think that deserves to be a played once an hour for the foreseeable future. That's so great. All the way to campaign. Here's a facts from M who says, Jim, the feedy will occasionally give birth to a beautiful thing in the hero. Oh yeah, right. There's like, once since he's been there. Effectively, meaningful thingy ever wrote that I can read. I think there was one good one. But that column about how the hero would use to be really great. We only could afford it. And now we suck and we don't have any kind of a staff. I mean, that was just pathetic. A major market alleged newspaper having one of their main news writers, Big Fadjim, the feedy putting a thing in there by while back in the day, we used to be like a real newspaper. Now we just suck and we just panicked a bunch of ano speaking ways. An animal people. That's pathetic. Honestly, it says occasionally that this is when a good idea can squeeze through all the fat pinching his spinal column. Now you're getting a little closer. Then it says Dr. Joy Brown and W. W. W. D. Question Mark Lendrick is still practising from nine to noon on sucks 10. God, I hate that station. Well, Tommy said a lot of the guy downstairs with an umbrella. Is it really? Is it raining out there? No, it's not raining. I'll be done. And there's an umbrella guy. How do you like that? She, I sure, I sure will be Greg ain't in the building. Oh, man. Anyway, here are some good news. Okay, for those of us who are the anti bush crowd, which is a growing number. They just showed on the cable Nazi network a little while ago. The comparative numbers, they spent quite a bit of time on that with their Harris. Now, that guy's a gallop pulse to which are right wing anyway. So even he's admitting it. You know, Bush is in a lot of trouble. They show the comparative popularity and approval ratings of Papa Bush and the W. At the same time, and it is, he is, or even much worse than W. And then Papa and you saw what happened to Papa and then I eat to a lecture, didn't ya? All right. Anyway, ads apparently help carry catch up to Bush in 17 states. This is from somewhere, USA today. The $25 million in T.V. ads is run on the past two weeks. seemed to have helped hold Senator John Kerry even with President Bush in states likely to decide who wins the White House in November. A USA today, CNN gallop pulled on Friday through Sunday. This past weekend showed that in 17 states considered to be key to the race. Kerry and Bush were tied among registered voters. Oh, by the way, we got bonus movies for people that don't care about the election who aren't, you know, they are punks. We got bonus movies on our website. Kerry spent $25 million to air two bi-graphic ads in most of those states. It made trouble with the high-dissident of his success in the Democratic primaries. Kerry had a 15-point lead over Bush in those 17 states, but by late March, Bush was already ahead by 10 points. Political scientists and communication experts said at the time that the Bush campaigns mostly negative TV ads along with Kerry's relatively small ad presence was heard in Kerry and the polls. But now, Kerry has been doing better lately in the battleground states. And my guess is his ads are very important, and that's at Adam Climer, political director of the National Animal Revolution survey, project of the Animal Public Policy Center at the University of Pennsylvania. And we're Walter Annaburg who found a TV guy who used to be a great liberal Londoner, and we're right, we're here for that. He's dead. Nationally, the poll also shows Kerry and Bush in a statistical tie for the third survey in a row that was separated by less than the margin of error. Among likely voters, Kerry was at 49 to 47 percent. They still don't mention neither in this. And I would, I mentioned it the other day, I want to say it again, all this crap about while, you know, nature is this and they're right, but the fact that a matter is if he's going to be the anti-war candidate, Kerry Bettigut with it, he better start hopping aboard or just hopping. The so-called battleground states are critical of the election. You know how many it is? But third man. About 30 states are considered to be locks for one candidate or the other. That makes the competitive states crucial the goal of letting the 270 electoral votes it takes to become president and how many you need to steal and the cheat to get in there. The 17 states in the USA today see in the Gallup poll break down account for 181 electoral votes or 33 percent of the 503 per grabs. And it goes on. On said the American people are just beginning to get to know John Kerry and Rudy Watt has played to make the country strong. Gary spoke to him in a Phil singer said. One of his related to Phil Saltzman. 567560 pound five 60 on the AT&T in Verizon. What movie does one have done. Platamaril Talk reviews. SIMortedhews on to Princeton? PROSSIBLE. This one was I think. We all are lost Tom andとle just as well! Alright It looks like a solo poem. Okay that's gonna be ready right now. Okay let's see. Then shortcut A card andeverything that can be released. We're talking about offering tigab member tickets time and content here. So, this will what it walks through there. Clouds the home along the way. Erno actually with a pull we took was who do you want to hear the most and was default? Well, defaults on an eight fifty thing I believe you know how many listeners he's got Furned man. He is no audience. All right. They got a big signal there, but they have no audience. They don't even Shorn a book. See the weeklinks on a first team were defaulting at shrill voice Yeldies that was the weeklinks, but Joe all by himself those two hours. He's got a pleasant personality at least on the air I mean a person you wouldn't think so, but but on the air right yeah Yeah, I mean a little bit of a backstabber, but he's a great guy in the audience. What's your A short short short short. Right Even a Moa used to like Joe. That's a little Joe admitted what a clown Moa wasn't hated in like poison. That was the end of that Anyway Joe rose 139 he has kick and big fat smelly ass None 128 got 128 people do not listen to any radio before 10 a.m Not even let it warm up NPR 127. So there's a real good battle there and then it's way way down. You see that? You see the drop off there big cliff Holy moly Bob and Tom 40 Paul and Ron 36 those dottering pair. That's pretty interesting And I think I let me just take this because we got the bonus movies and because Paul and young Ron give us a great promotion this morning We're getting phenomenal results on our website today. I mean everybody in your brothers like to incur wheels That amazing Puzzle of Paul and Ron's relatives are vote in several times. They still only got 37. Well Howard David It's what see there's another gigantic cliff another huge drop-up From Paul the old Ron all the way down to Moa Howard David with only 16. That's weak. That is embarrassing when you think Yeah, I mean Dersw RFX Dan Salyos got 10 he's almost up there with Moe Francisco at Ruka's got 10 And he doesn't show any English right? Yes That's another reason they hate him Lex and Terry have got eat the coast has got seven time joiner hardest work Amanda biz he's got seven He's an idiot Carl Foster seven while on hundred six Wild Dr. Drew Brown five I don't even know who that is she not the one these uh Dr. Laura types. I suppose I can only assume She brings no joy to my life. I'll tell you that right now WMIB the baker boys Three that think how to be bacon acted myself Rick parties got a pair WRMF two Steve Cains could still got two he's been stuck on to a long time W ed R one WCMQF M none and Alby silk none out of 568. How do you like that? Mr. Eagle man. He's just to die in over there slide in like a rock WQA M hello Yes, sir. How are you? Great you know what I hope character that Gordon do last election remember how last election You win? We remember how go on the last election People said things like he invented the earth any claims or invented the internet It actually was that not true But he did nothing to dispelling these things that were said about him You're in a very weak campaign Terry beat up the same thing it's all Could be Like some people said oh Very one of the cut one point five There's one there's one thing you're forgetting though and that is in spite of his weakness and all of his Problems go or did when the election you're forgetting man Well, yeah, I get that Yeah, you just have to win by enough so that they can't fix it that's the point you got to win by big barge You good point Polly thank you. Well pass it along to the monster man Or he just oh Why do we do this? Why where do we find these people and pray them? They do and say oh, huh? We had a good one There you go. They did it believe me. I always liked those screamers the powers that that's why we hired the freaky Carlos 1256 and by the way speaking of pear shaped hips Yeah, then you do check lines this morning for the pear ass You know I'm a afraid I missed that Well during the break right in no glasses what he was in the program you know except for that pair, okay? And he asked you I'll let you do that when you get back no thanks for years you've been here It about a laser recharge the total or recharge cartridge specialist when you call a laser recharge at 800 28792 12 you'll deal with just Bob who supplies businesses with a complete line of printing an office supplies A laser recharge has ink jets thermocarbon paper Supplies now they provide service support maintenance for the most makes and models of machines that make them are like new again Call 1800 28792 12 now in most cases We'll have what you need within 24 hours a laser recharge can save you up to 50% on new cartridges as compared to depot price All the cartridges sold by a laser recharge are re-manufactured not refill big difference anybody can set you cheap refill cartridge But cheaper is not always better Remany factory cartridges are the only way to go a laser carries a complete line of cartridges for printers Copiers and factors along with brother and zero off drums a laser recharge is part of their individualized service Office you a no questions as satisfaction what on t2 so we need toner cartridges any of these other supplies Pick up that phone call just Bob from a laser recharge at 1800 28792 92 12 get it right log on a a laser recharge dot com or call at toll free number today 1 800 287 92 12 Oh Because now I'm denuous in the pants And I'm in it's a moderate radio a boy Boy! I get like to do me like to talk to the same three qualities about sports and sports and sports. I even got like to hear every his comedy. So, you spoke for coach, so for Amletoker head. So, I said I have to look around, take that move, go, kick up, kick up, kick up, understand now with my own two-cell and I was a spy, you are a watch star. Now, you're a gun, you can't hit me no more. You can't hit me, go, go, go. Here you are, you're on the radio, you moron. Oh, oh, oh, I'm a highman. Maybe I was a little little line, the things I said, you're like that. Yeah, you were, and I'm not gay. You are right now, and in all fairness, that thing fat old guy they stuck me with, this is me like they used to do, but he's not you. Ah, that tells me you make me almost want to come back with you. You killed me. Yes, they, my life was filled with joy. You killed me. And now, what stuck with a guava loving, to go, you're my best sight, kick and foil. I miss how you talk like a goil. You're the easiest, what hold you, I miss you. You did it, don't. My, oh, oh, oh. I'll chase out the fat, your mighty, oh, oh. I ain't going to stop on a show next week. That person with an oven good time, while you wait, not the unemployment fire. You little man, hold me from, I'll show you the time, but you will start your funeral pain. Oh, oh, oh, oh. 104 at 560 WC, we got the big press conference, the Panther press conference at 2. That's my comment. My king and the new GM Jacques Martan, the new coach, Yelde Gelsin, the new radio broadcast. Any interest? No, I didn't think so. Now, this thing that you facts me from one of our listeners that you have had, which is shocking to begin with. Uh, it's great, except you only facts me the first page. Right, because there's five more pages. Oh, there's five more pages? Yeah. Like I said, and then I went online to like a, a figure when there was one more page that was going to print it out rather than burden you with having to facts me anymore. Oh, no, I go online and screw up the whole deal and not some rebooting. So I guess it just wasn't meant to be three more pages. Three more pages. I'll now, yeah, but it's very small print that would take hours and hours. Thanks anyway to John, you have been to permanent psychiatry, no less. Wow, we could sure use that over here, can we have QAN? Uh-huh. Oh, brother, hold battery of shrinks. Couldn't solve this place. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. No, no thanks. Boy, it's a good thing you told me that because it says, uh, uh, no, it says your thing is got one printing job. You want to do it as I don't think so. Now that I find out there's 85 pages. Here's some important stuff, not MTV never stalons logo. A new television never for gain lesbian viewers. Ever ties a supported cable network through Mr. original. Uh, what what is that? The original something acquired programming. They left a letter off of here. This is embarrassing. What is this on? This is on, uh, something. U.S. Newswire logo a new cable television network targeted to gay lesbian bisexual and transgendered viewers, LGBT. I thought that was a sandwich. We'll be launched by MTV never subdivision of Viacom Inc. On February 17, 2005. Got it? Got it. Oh, wait a minute, let me uh, get the okay, okay, okay, here. Got to get my thing back. Okay, okay, here. Now, it says the new channel be advertised as supported targeting primarily gays and lesbians 25 to 49 and will provide a mix of original and acquired programming. That's authentic smart and inclusive. Open minded. Logo. We'll launch in markets across American including L.A. New York, Boston, Philadelphia, Atlanta, San Francisco, though National cable operators including time Warner, cable RC and additional distributors that will be announced into coming weeks. Logo joins Viacom's roster. Popular highly targeted cable networks. Which include MTV, Comedy Central, Black Entertainment Television, and Spike TV. What's all is that? Spike is the network for that. Stop that. Well, what do they got? You used to be TNN. Oh, you know, like the ATEM and stuff like that. The TMA? So anyway, do you got the MTV's making a tag network and now? Guess who else is starting a new magazine? I'll give you a clue. A game magazine? No, I'm kidding. Not a little butchered in that. Rosie O'Donnell. Oh. Says I can now. What is this? Oh, this is on the Fox website. Oh, brother. I want to apologize right up front. Says I continue exclusively that O'Donnell is working on a prototype for a magazine that will target gay families. Oh, my God. Tendantly titled R Family, the new magazine will be subscriber based and distributed by L.P.I. publications. The same company that publishes gay publications like the advocate out and out traveler. O'Donnell's already author of a monthly come in the advocate called R Family. Giving you a new magazine might seem like a bad idea for O'Donnell considering her catastrophic experience with publishing Rosie with Guterine Jar but O'Donnell will own our family outright with L.P.I. doing the back office work, the back office work and distribution. That's a bad choice of words, I think. So not only have editorial control, but already has heard Doug Tursion, the creative director who worked on Rosie, so he was fired by Guterine Jar to work on the R Family prototype. In the end, the R Family should look and read a lot like Rosie. It'll be a lot of pages, it'll be fan. It'll be fan. Look at him. Let's see. Here's the facts from somebody who says Dr. Jar Brown is not on WOD. Would you get that idea, F.A.? It wasn't fat Eric. Some listener out there don't be playing an Eric for that. He's got a lot of other problems, all right? Cheese. It's Glenn Beck. She used to be on WGNO at one point. Dr. Joyce, the kind of radio head shrink you hear. Way up on the AM dial, the type of station that would carry Bruce Williams. She used to play Pena Co. with Methuselah about 100 years ago, 100,000 years ago. So there's the deal. He got Glenn Beck. So we had to put Glenn Beck on there too, right? Right. And we can't hear what if Dr. Jar Brown has to be up to Eric who's probably very insulted by this. And I don't blame him quite frankly. With some goofball listener, the facts, didn't, of course, what do we know about Dr. Jar Brown or WOD? How those in the station in the years? And years, probably since we worked there, practically. What's apparent? Huh? No, seriously. What would you listen to on that station? Unless you were one of those pill pop and ditto heads, which I don't want any part of that. What else? I didn't know I didn't listen to the Schmitt Wester a couple of times whose Rush Light in a Rush Junior. And I told you strictly Tampa Radio. Yeah, never heard of it. And then come to fight out. He's doing the show from FLA in Tampa. Well, you can smell Tampa Radio a million miles away. It's all got that same aroma, the same flavor. It's right. Yeah, the same Rihahu, the press and kind of crap. And he thinks he's quite the broadcast ranger. Oh, you got a big number who cares? He sucks. What morning radio show before can M.D. listen to most that's our pull question right now. The Joe Rose 156 NPR 142. None 138. None radio silence, dormitory, it's dead. And then way down, Bob and Top 43, Paul and Ron 41, they're catching Bob and Top Methodist Grace. That is outrageous. That's a national scandal, if you ask me. Mohour Divided 17, Princess Scott Ruka 12. And Dan Silio and RFX 12. Let's listen to her. Everybody else single digits. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. W2 QA, hello. QA, hello. Not there, boys. These people are impatient today, man. WQAM, hello. QAM. WQAM, hello. Hey, Neil? Yes, sir? Hey, I got a couple of things for you. Number one. That was the great bit, not the last one, but the one that was singing. And I have some deaths in front of your pulse. You smell want to be legalized. Oh, that's pretty revolutionary. Should marijuana be legalized? How do you like that? Can you believe us, just like that for our poll? How many times have we done weed poll? About 30 minutes. Cut the crap, pal. You're smoking some bad crap, obviously. George, I'll hook you up. No, it's this barber shop around your battery. And I'll hook you up to battery. And maybe I have no light. Yeah. What an revolutionary. Water is a sin. Marijuana ought to be legalized though. But I wonder how this audience will put. That is pretty, that's pretty rare. Relusionary. I don't think we can do that no more. Man. But anyway, I'm sitting in Ontario, Canada where people are smoking it out. I'll openly just about nobody really gives a crap and soon it'll be legal. And, you know, and they got the gate wings going on over there and Quebec and in Vancouver, and nobody is like falling off the probabilities because of it. It's a different world. You just cross the border, maybe. Just cross Lake Ontario. You swim across from Rochester. Or of course, if you're smart, you get on that new ferry. Your hop on the old ferry. In fact, when, and duck next time duck comes up to visit Toronto, said that's how he's going to get here. He's going to fly to Rochester then hop on the old ferry. Go on. And low. Right. Those fours were real five sixty four. Two and a half. Who am I? That's the mood. I have no light. I have no light. Oh, where am I? Ah, let's go to New York, get me my head. I want to know it's that nice. I want to know it's that nice. I want to know it's that nice. I smoke to your stomach. I smoke to your stomach. I smoke to your stomach. I smoke to your stomach. Oh, my head. It was so nice. I feel free. I'm looking man. For my mind, she wants so nice. I'm too busy. You can't. There's one day. I'm the time I want to get from me. And say, you hurt. I want to end up with pain. But those shakes were made. So now I smoke to your stomach. Where am I? In the car I smoke to your stomach. I smoke to your stomach. When I play video games. And then every 10 thousand boys. I smoke to your stomach. I smoke to your stomach. And do it in time of war. I smoke to your stomach. I smoke to your stomach. And do it in time of war. I smoke to your stomach. I smoke to your stomach. I smoke to your stomach. I smoke to your stomach. I smoke to your stomach. I smoke to your stomach. I smoke to your stomach. I smoke to your stomach. I smoke to your stomach. I smoke to your stomach. I smoke to your stomach. I smoke to your stomach. I smoke to your stomach. I smoke to your stomach. I smoke to your stomach. I smoke to your stomach. I smoke to your stomach. I smoke to your stomach. I smoke to your stomach. I smoke to your stomach. I smoke to your stomach. I smoke to your stomach. I smoke to your stomach. So now I smoke to your stomach. I'm gonna go to the door with me and then we'll all hear Oh, do we join? I'm gonna go to the door with me and we'll all hear Yeah, oh, do we join? Yeah, we should rather go to the door with me I'm gonna go to the door with me and we'll all hear Oh, do we join? Oh, do we join? Yeah, do we join? Oh, do we join? Oh, do we join? Oh, do we join? Oh, do we join? Oh, do we join? Oh, do we join? Oh, do we join? Oh, do we join? Ah, one, one, eight, five, sixty-w-cure, There's a fact that it's too late to apologize, okay, School to Solop. So, okay, so I was wrong about Dr. Joy Brown. I don't listen to where so after some research come to find out, She's on 1230 WBZT from 6 to 9 a.m. Which again is the Palm Beach station. Anybody in Tata Broward? No, no. See what I'm saying? Yeah, people listen to stuff or don't listen to, but they don't even know what they're not listening to. Right, why would they suggest it if they didn't listen to it? Because just to show us how smart they are, and then they got a what Paul is doing. At least they had the ball to re-track with the facts. Now, poor Eric has got to go and go and get rid of that W-I-O-D thing next to Joy Brown. She's got five freaking votes. But now that's got to say W-B-Z-T as opposed to W-B-Z. And she's still alive? Oh, how about they've mannered? Jefferson K. J. Dunn. Huh? Larry Glic. Anyway, well, what? What, you know something just to see if nothing else. It would be one thing if I weren't involved in the business, making my livelihood in it. But even just as an observer, to see the way that the radio industry has just gone from what it used to be with all the personalities and the whole ambiance of what it was, to the piece of crap that it is now. It's just pathetic. And then there were those, oh yeah, all you old folks, you're always living in the past, things were better. And you know something back in the day they were better in the industry even you would agree with that. Back a few months ago, as a matter of fact, in this town radio was phenomenal. Yeah, Q-I-N back when it was a real radio station in F-I-W-N. Right? Right. Even Y-100, these were ground breaking radio stations. W-M-I-Q? Those were the days back when Rick Casper, you know, Dick Casper was doing so. Hey, Jack, you're an idiot. You gotta be the laziest man on a face of the earth, Jack. Just it would take a little bit of effort to write some of this stuff, so he just won't do it. Hey, does he tell you how to do your job? Yeah, ha ha ha ha. No, that's why I'm doing it better than he is. Schmuck, you're an idiot, Tom. You're just pathetic. I just, I give up on you. I will not be factoring emailing calling. I just, I wasted my time. I really feel bad. I feel like I feel unclean. Having wasted my time with that, simple and just stick at the race track, stick with a dog track that this more right up your alley. Okay, stick around while the gentlemen gamblers, punch in your guts out. Anyway, it's interesting to notice that Joe Rose is just, I mean, this is, this is a real file, I don't mean it. I had no idea. 1066 votes. I mean, we always knew the little dog was, you know, well, like he's on TV, they're on a channel 6. We don't call it NBC 6, by the way. I'm just a show. Channel 6. That's what it is. Channel 6. Like, right. Right. We don't NBC 6. Like, like Tony Siggaretto and at Bits, they want to get driven in a limo to work every day that sloppy, volopy. Like, we're supposed to be specced them. Put it out of you, people can. By the way, Tony, you're still a silly goose. You always were silly goose. And you're still a silly goose. You're a silly person, okay? Quit pretending to be a news person. I'm a real man. I knew this person, all right? I know what I would do with him a channel 6. Right, dump the bitch right now. There we go. Nice going, Joe. Okay, let's play all the Joe drop-ins that we still can play. Oh, can't play that one. No, that's what I'm feeling good. Well, we just played that before. How about his take on Jimmy Syphilis? He is one good looking guy. See? Can't play this one. We can play this. Our from Boca. In fact, let's try those two back to back, okay? That would be cute. Our from Boca. He is one good looking guy. Absolutely. That was good. I like that a lot. Anyway, nice going, Joe. He's got those big numbers in there. Maybe they'll actually sound a contract and get him on a payroll one of these days. That would be nice Greg. You know what? I saw Greg there for the two minutes that he came wandering in after he took a lot of pills. He built up the courage on Friday. And I said, boy, Joe did a hell of a job in there from 8 to 10. He had a big book. Yeah, yeah, I said, well, don't mess with it. He just gave me the kind of nervous grin and wandered out. You know, don't screw it up, okay? And do not be trying to force feed the gilded one in that show. Okay. If he's going to be on the air at all, keep it before 8 o'clock when most people are still either asleep or shaving or doing the other SHS and just keep him off the dial. Please. 560560 pound 560. I mean, Joe's doing just fine. But we got these, you know, remember Grant Tinker from NBC. We got a whole bunch of tickerers. Always dealing with this. Remember back at the IOD days. That was their philosophy. Mesworth success. If it's not broken, fix it. 30 QAM. Hello. W. W. Q. Hello. Neil? Yes, sir. Hi there. Hi there. Yes, sir. Looks like me. Looks like you. While you were talking about radio in this town and some of the great shows, I want to bring back the burden. You're in a church. Yeah, the bird's dead. Okay. Hopefully you will be too soon. Anyway, speaking of that poll, like guy, the guy that called before he just astonished me, I'm thinking, what's we do to mirror a lawna pool? We can do like Friday, something even more revolutionary, like paper or plastic. Yeah. Anything. Or maybe we're not ready for that quite yet. Plastic is it as good. We'll work up to it. W. Q. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah. I was just caught into, if I can give me an idea on some hits. You want that. You have with the Matt Dog on, I want to bang you in the foot and then we're going to go. I like to take a lot. Okay. See it's a good thing that I didn't put. Yeah. And I waited for the prize over. Yeah. It's always good to wait till all over. To make sure all of it, Kim, go right in the can where belong. Oh, that was a bad choice of words. Well, that's what Muffalo said. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. Rectum. That seems to be popping up a lot these days. Thank you. I am pray Marlins watch party starting at 6pm tonight at the Pines, El House. You'll find that at 1175 Pines Boulevard stop by the wind prices in Marlin tickets from Billy the Marlin who was not John Ralph or Ruth anymore and the Mermaids. And popsicles and icecalls. They might have some of them too. Catch the Marlins and reds tonight at the Pines, El House and root on your Marlins. It was funny because I look, I'm in a habit of looking into box scores. See how many people were at the game and it was 17,000. I thought, well, that's not too bad on Tuesday. The problem was the game was in Cincinnati. So, call me stupid, okay? Yes, nothing. Right. 26 past 1 at 560 W2M if you're still, I don't be stupid yourself on your mattresses worn out. If you're still a little bit nervous about buying your bed over the phone, please don't be. For over 25 years, millions of smart people have dialed 1 800 MATTRES for the lowest possible prices on a best brands and betting. The easiest possible way to get you a great night's sleep. Because if it's not perfect in every single way, just call them back for a full corporate exchange. It's completely free within 30 days. Not 30 minutes. No extra fees, no strings attached. Alarmatrices rank number 1 and customer satisfaction. And there were winners of the 2004 that are business bureau local torture excellence award. When you call 1 800 MATTRES, you'll get the best prices on a best brands. Would livery on your schedule and that too are window when it's convenient for you. And the best customer service in the world. So, why would you waste any of your time and cash, slumping from showroom to showroom? It's just insane. Dalarmatrices got the complete line of the best names in a business. Seely, sir, to King Correl Simmons, tempered P.D. Evensterns at Foster Hewitt. From Canada Stewart, Palm Beach to Ford Myers, Dalarmatrix, can livery you to finance betting around. So just pick up the phone, make that one easy call while you're smoking a big fat one. Call 1 800 MATTRES, that's 1 800 MATTRES or log out of their website. Macris.com. Be sure to tell them that fat boy told you to call. I beg the local government, be five-six years. Bring your door to the hospital. Come back to you, am. Let's up you some more prisoners. Make them scream nice and loud. Get me some words and a fat tri-pack. I don't care if they ain't from my gratitude. Use you to the torture because they're just playing their game. And in the past, it had to be worse with the dumb who's day. Oh, 130 and 560, W.M. just a half-hour away from that reckless Panther press conference. Any interest? No, whatsoever. Oh, well, then why are we putting it on then? We don't know what they're going to say. What are they going to say? Hey, by the way, Alan Kahn, text for the strike. What was left to remnants of the Panther organization? You have really done it, man. Maybe with good intention, but you know what they say about good intention. Go to hell in a hand basket. And that's what's happening to the organization. And it's really something because these past couple of weeks would Tampa Bay winning the conference and go to the stand-up finals. Oh, Rick Dudley was the architect of this fine young Tampa Bay team. He's got a lot of yoddy. And look at just a couple of years. They're going to the stand-up finals. Look what he did there and he'll do the same for us. He's gone. You're fired. Fire did it. I think Mo had something to do with you think? Absolutely. Yeah. Let's just say you did. So they're going to like maybe try to shove him somewhere else in the organization. And then we got my keen and back who wasn't going to have to be coach because Rick Dudley and he hated each other like poison. But now my keen is going to be the GM. We used to have BM. Now we're going to have the new GM. And that's going to be my keen and and you know coach is going to be a fraud. Well, I wonder if it's a boofo to where real fraud. Jacques Marten, who did a fine job in Ottawa and got screwed over because they choked and play off severe. They had a nevertheless they had a very good team. I mean the Panthers didn't know Ottawa senators who leave me when I tell you. They ain't got no Marty have led or Mary and Hosa are all these things. They got a much better goal either. You following this stuff? When you better cause you got to get ready for the press conference. You got to get in that panther kind of mood. We love the panthers. Where's Joel in when we need to do that? Come on. I've already for it. That whole weekend. How the intensity. This article here from today's New York Times that come me pink O'Lift Wing rag that I like so much. By Elaine, you're a skill-leaner. God's place in charter is dividing your pins. Oh, as matter fact speaking of cash to all of you that've been in about me being an Amsterdam. You remember a couple of summers ago when I did the first couple of shows from Amsterdam. They were building the studios on a crap. But maybe three years ago whenever it was. And you remember him coming on the air and we got to spy reports. Oh, cash to all the wants to start doing a show from Amsterdam. Even he can't even do original on that. Good God. That is pathetic. How about doing a show from St. Augustine or someplace more appropriate? Okay, since you consider yourself a daughtering old man at 44. Come on, Paulie, girl. You can do it. You idiot you. Remember that? Yeah, dude. Oh, he's going to do a show from Amsterdam. I wonder if that was before after he tried to get to job at QIM. Hey, that's a lie. And let me just say it again. I'll put everybody's life on her right now. Okay. We know that for a fact including the calls that I had myself personal from P.D. Lenny. So, where you shmitten man. And we finally held our middle level management people's feet to the fire in the admitted that he was in there sucking around for a job. If I didn't he come in one day? I don't recall. I do believe he was rattling around a building there that one day saying, Oh, you know, the chief channel says, We know that you're stuck with clear channel. Okay. Hope you're making some serious bucks because believe me, you'll need it. And that's it. I don't wish anybody in the business any ill even him. Wish him all the luck in the world. Like I said, he'll need it. Because it's the talent who bring in a money. Not the salespeople. Nobody listens to this radio station because we got Todd Drek and Fat Boy on the sales department. In fact, maybe we got one less listener because we got Fat Boy. Yeah, see? It's the freaking talent that brings in a gang. People on your capital, who live in your Gregory, Mufflin Z. Right? Well, tough, maybe. They don't choose you. You're getting older or a day that draws for all these other around slam. You listen to the radio, D. You let shows, but they don't harm others. You never know it's like a way that they're on the way. Those cars told you to go around. It's always a cool part of 20 version. Joe, they got, got, got, got, got. They don't know, but I just... Here's the copy. Fuck, the pen. We're giving crap about any of that. Okay. It's the talent that brings in a money. Are you sure? If that's your, there's all that's out. That the talent is needed out. If the money is based through the pen, I... Fuck! Tune in out. You're doing wicked, just like the one we're doing. You ain't making chuffers, what they're listening for. They're making ten to ten, they're eating dinner. But all you'll ever see on the day you're on the day of bored. It's the coast or the sports or the weather. It's always a cool part of 20 version. Joe, they got, got, got, got, got. They ought to know by now. Don't worry about the mission, do that other crap. It's the talent that keeps the place running. And you've got all they're gonna tell. Let down and see your food in out. Everybody is based on your love and a... Fuck! Tune in out. You're doing out. You're doing out. You're doing out. You're doing out. You're doing out. You're doing out. One thirty six, twenty four, you're doing out. You're doing out. You're doing out. I just love hearing that thing. You know? You're just watching what the Bryan had that old criminal who... ...you crossed the... Yeah, that was way, way back in the day. Wait that. Yeah. Before I spend 2,000 dollars to upgrade a whole visit of Fantastic Studio, ...and making the little bald-headed human being geeked that he is today. I score on Bryan this this week. We're just... I'm telling you this alone. That just made my life worth living right there. That is one of the all-time best men of course. That! God's place in Charter is dividing Europeans. I started to get to this and then I got sidetracked by- Oh God! Paris! As the Europeans haggle over the final wording of their first constitution, there'd be devoured by a three-letter word, God. Mind-doming arguments over budget rules and weighted voting can be delegated to technocrats, the issue of what the most ambitious document in European Union history should include a reference to the continent's Christian heritage is different, an emotional theological wrangle over the meaning of culture history and faith. Reason I'm reading this is because it gives you a real good insight as to the difference between European culture today and America with the born again, Louder takes that are running the joint. Too bad that article was so long when you sent me before because that was really good. Thanks again to UNGIVA, it's too long. Of course we have a Judeo-Christian past, but the Constitution inspired by a heritage that is cultural religious and humanist all at once, Michelle Barney, and the French's new Foreign Minister said after news conference of the Foreign Ministry on Tuesday, he made clear that France would not bend to new pressure to inject religion into the draft, noting that the Constitution should be secular, the court-boarding yet it is well balanced. But with the entry of 10 new members in Europe this month many of them predominantly Catholic positions of hardened. A lot of those hard Catholics. The one issue European officials seem to agree on is that there will probably be no agreement on religion before a June 17th, some of meeting in Brussels, where the Constitution scheduled to be completed, and I've tried to inform ministers of 70, 25 European Union members, including two old members, Italy and Portugal and five new ones, Poland, Lithuania, Malta Slovakia and the Czech Republic, sent a brief letter to Ireland to the current horde of the European Union presence, calling for a last minute conversion. The issue remains a priority for our governments and for millions of European citizens, the letter said, the letter urged a reference to the Christian roots of Western Europe, adding in less than perfect English. The amendment we asked for is aimed to recognize a historical truth. We do not want to disregard neither the second nature of European institutions, or they're respective any other religious or philosophical belief. Grad of the 7 May of Metno disrespect, but they know well that Pope John Paul II is from me on their side. Earlier this month, of course, the 80-year-old Pope, welcome the accession of the 10-new member state to the European Union, underline the Christian values, how much the group's unity was based for our business, Graham. At a meeting of European Union, for ministers and Brussels on Monday, the group of 7 issue, the text of their letter to the colleagues, we're not talking about reference to Christian values, but the Christian traditions, hence to a historical fact that no one can change the Polish-Formonist who said at a news conference in Brussels. The week before Italy's Foreign Minister Franco-Fartheni, said that all the 7 were asking for was a small inclusion in the text that would not alter the preamble too much, but other governments have insisted that the preamble of the current draft treaty goes far enough. In its present form, it states that the European Union draws inspiration from the cultural, religious, and humanist and inheritance of Europe. Apparently in the gesture of Europe's Muslims and Jews for in Secretary Jack Strav, Britain warded the Brussels meeting on Monday again, singling out religious tradition, worn against it. But I'd just say he worn against it. If we were to go down the road of making specific reference to one religious tradition, we'd have to bear in mind other religious traditions at Merforan's then as well within Europe, he told reporters, and his comments yesterday, Mr. Marnier agreed, saying the court-boarding reflects Europe's pluralism. Oh, what a concept, pluralism, pluralism, pluralism. 30 word, copy. That's almost like secular humanism. Spain, meanwhile, here's some good news. Spain, meanwhile, was at our beautiful, siphorously for the God in Christianity position, abruptly shifted sides when the socialist swept aside the center by popular party in the General Elections in March. The text spains new foreign minister Miguel Enhal Martinez told our FI radio a Monday as perfect, perfect though. He added Spain as a Catholic country, but at the same time, I believe that this is European Constitution, our government's rather secular, and in this sense, we want to respect the text as a currently stands. Foreign minister, Yashka Fisher of Germany pointed the finger at others. His own government, he told reporters on Monday, is willing to compromise, but several member states are not prepared to go beyond the current draft. As a result, he said, I dare to predict we'll have an unchanged situation on this point. Mr. Barnier, by contrast, you're climbed to play profit saying, when we speak of God, we should never say never. Oh God! Well, there's a lot of frog met by that. Don't forget to pass their press conference, got up at two. I could barely wait to get out of here for lunch. I mean, to hear that. God, it's going to be great. And then tomorrow, man, we got a sighting crab tomorrow. We got the Marlon game with a pre-game at noon. Oh! That is, Bork, can you imagine that they play all season long? See, Hank gets the great benefit because most of the games are at night, and most of the pre-game star like 630, some even earlier than that. So he gets a real, oh brother. Maybe I taught him a little bit too well, if he catch my drift. 141 at 560WQM, speaking of fat people, if you want to, and who the hell isn't? Here's the answer for it, at least one of the answers he likes a Westboker. If you're on one of these zillions of low carb diets right now, which you're out of a night firecracker, whether it's the atkins, the sugarboss, who's the South Beach, whatever it is, what's that brought? It's got the Suzanne Summers. Whichever one of them may be, you need some variety in your low carb diet, and that's why the lights is loved by the people of Choftar because they've got so many great items for you. Now, many of the new Reduce car products and store shelves are geared toward just cutting back on carbs, not on new losing weight. Well, who the hell wants to waste their time with that? The lights of Westboker's expertise has always been on the weight loss phase of low carb dieting, and they've got over a thousand delicious products and stuck with a focus toward the lowest possible carbs that can really help you out on your success of low carb weight loss plan. The spring sale is in full swing, they're swinging it at the lights right now, so stop by. Their staff are experts in the low carb diet field and they're open every day, seven days a week from 10 in the AM till 10 in the VM. If you like to watch, focus around the North East corner of Glades in 441, right next to Boston Market. Call them toll-free, it's 1-877 low carb, L-O-W, C-A-R-V, around the web at slowcarb.com. Lots of stores with very similar names, but trust me when I turn it, there's only one. The lights of Westboker is your official Atkins retail center. We're supposed to be a 5-C-2. U-A-M. At least... Very can girls. In American Ga-Soonly listen to the message from the Uber ride, will have their tables all fly. As the troops from home did, they find the comfort of the night. I'd nunder the bed. I never served in the army. I'm too afraid of fat. So I sit right here near the TV far from the liberal night. Under their covers, you'll discover. I'm a big decision. They would prefer to have some mother do the fighting for play. Now, this country I love. Is hockey fine, I rock. And all the suckers like me. Who's next are Fred and the pack. Have our tongues all placed firmly. In Muses big brown eye. The big mouth-cowers of the world. Who gladly follow the fly. Hey, Uncle Sam, up to a parade. To fight or enlist. But you can count on me to watch TV and shake my fist. And my flat will fly. From the top of the world. Knock it in the yard. I chewed a bakery on it. You'll double tighten it. And my view of the old map world. Is what I see on the bottom. It's a little bit of a war. Yeah, I'm an armed care warrior. You know better than you. You know better than you. You know better than you. You know better than you. You know better than you. You know better than you. You know better than you. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You know better than you. Yeah. You know better than you. I'm an armed jerk. Who parades anything they say. Don't happen. Read a research. It's so much easier. There's no way to watch TV or look in pictures. In USA today with my I made just double tightness as I jiggle my brain I'm gonna show up to a grade to fat or you list but you can count on me to watch the video shake my ass as I lower my mind so I can pull on my The longer my spoof proud they show the swath that good that dude on my right The solids are our best friends in the world not those I rack his or Rectrums All who knows better than you You'll never guess what that fit is number one this week. I boog our rap. Yeah, they're they like it Boo got raped. What is it a new I boog our rap? Uh-oh well, let's go get him some help 148 at five 60 WQM. Here's a facts from Gregory in Carl Springs says I've been facts You several years about the joys of XM radio. Well good for you Gregory. You can't be this variety What if he's kind of Jeff Gregory? You can't be this variety not to mention its portability I have it in my office both cars and home the expenses miniscule compared with the investment high definition TV That you advertise on your show. Well, that's fine, but we're still gonna advertise it on our show. We need the money Al Franken show is getting better every day. Now is the equal Georgia's efforts when you run vacation You can't fight progress first all Gregory. I'm glad that you enjoyed. I don't want to fight progress I just give my honest opinion based on the reality of things and knowing how many cheap bastards you are out there That when you get into something for free why would you want to pay for it? You know if you're getting late every day why would you want to pay somebody unless it was really great? See that that's a difference Now if XM radio is really great and this business about Al Franken show getting better every day Gregory You must be one of the few people who believes that because even though I don't hear it I'm reading a lot of stuff about it and they don't quite agree Descript and contrived and Scripted but at any rate. I hope for your sake. It's right for our sake Then Al Franken is the he's the great leader. It's gonna take us out of the wilderness right into this sunlight. Oh, yeah We can only pray But I doubt it and the normal cancer's maybe another three months He's got to more inside scoop on you are American aid looking to good anyway I got an article here that is so good This could be the most Fabulous article about the Middle East ever written Nick Christophe in the Eastern New York Times on our website the portion carry tilt not long Ready? I'm ready George Bush and John Kerry disagree on almost every issue with one crucial exception They compete to support a myopic policy. There's unjust that damages our credibility around the world That's a really undermined to reference in Iraq It's our Israel Palestine policy which has become so unbalanced that it's not a little more than the embrace of a right-wing jingle was to Mr. Bush I'm forget it. I'm forgetably labeled a man of peace every else your own American presence have always tried to be honest brokers in the Middle East Truman Johnson and Reagan were a bit more pro is really while Eisenhower Carter and George H. W. Bush were a bit cooler But all aimed for balance President Bush tossed all that out the window as he snuggle up to Mr. Sharon Mr. Bush gases it Miringly as Mr. Sharon responds to terrorist attacks by sending troops to bulldoze Palestinian homes and shoot protesters and he dropped President Clinton's intensive efforts to reach a peace deal Professor Michael Hudson of Georgetown University described President-elect policy as a bumming incompetence running here or there But doing nothing consistently our embrace of Mr. Sharon hobbles us in Iraq even more than those photos from Abu Grave Iraqis and contrast with say Kuwaitis genuinely sympathize with the Palestinians and everywhere been in Iraq or near appeal People have asked me why Americans provide the weapons Mr. Sharon uses to kill Palestinians One lofty aim of the Iraq war was supposed to be to achieve a Middle East peace But as retired general Anthony Zinnie told a Center for Defense Information this month I couldn't believe what I was hearing about the benefits of this strategic move that the road to Jerusalem led through Baghdad When just the opposite is true the road to Baghdad led through Jerusalem you saw the Middle East peace process You'd be surprised with kinds of other things will work out As for Mr. Kerry he's been generally sensible on the Middle East but in recent months he has zigged and zagged away from his record He used to oppose the Middle East fence for example to plant his own white kisses on Mr. Sharon It's too bad he doesn't have the leadership or to acknowledge what 50 former West diplomats wrote in an open letter to President Bush last month You approved that the United States is not an even-handed peace partner You run qualified supporters to run extra judicial assassinations Israel's Berlin wall like barrier It's harsh military measures not can provide territories and now your endorsement of Sharon's unilateral plan are costing our country It's quite a belay prestige in friends this endorsement is not even in the best interests of Israel Indeed my guess is that Mr. Sharon has done more to undermine his views long-term security than he has her airfatter Ever did Mr. Sharon's actions have knocked the legs off from under Palestinian moderates and a bolstered Hamas and Islamic Tihad Mr. Sharon means well He wants to stop terrorism but as policies of led Palestinian It turned to Islamic extremist rather than secular nationalist now even the popular front-foot liberation of Palestine a Marxist group has found God in quotes on the Quran Particularly in a new age when terrorist attacks could use WMD to kill perhaps thousands of the time Israel can achieve safety only through a peace agreement with the Palestinians a model is the unofficial Geneva Court of Last October Reach between courageous Israelis and Palestinians the very people we should be supporting In contrast, Mr. Sharon and Mr. Erifa both display a bloodstained obviro cease-execating that they might as well have been twins separated Birth They should be ensued to give this a modern St. Helena both are hurting their own people by undercutting moderates on the other side So let's hope that Mr. Kerry Zags again giving us a meaningful choice on Middle East policy Mr. Bush's break from the usual US roll of honest brokers one of his most serious foreign policy errors and we owe it to Israel as well as to ourselves to fix it Is really is our former critical of Israeli policy that Americans are noted Edward Walker Jr Former US ambassador to Israel and Egypt if your good friends won't tell you that something's wrong They're not very good friends. That's a great column by Nick Christoff and maybe he's got his zigzags. Oh, he sounds like an anti-Semite to me That is great in the days nearer times it's on our website. I want to prove that I have some evretative whichever you choose Don't forget we got that big press conference come up there's John Kerry this morning was struck by the serious And the concern from this administration I also know that the key word that we need to focus on is the word When You're with that by the Kielan twins when fact I think Vogue of Brambroth in it if your carpets are imbed shape folks call the expert to dry concepts for over 20 years I've called these people at each and every ten they've been a spectacular Unbelievable unbelievable job in my host Not now not just on your carpets, but also on your draper your post reer area Rugs your flying carpets all of these things God concepts is the best in world because they dry clean your carpets just like right clean your clothing Sox out the deep down dirt makes them look like brand new these stay a vibrant color soft in the touch They smell a lot of fresh to dry in a couple of hours. What's not to like and God concepts never rip you off no games no surprises They give you a written guaranteed price up front before they start to work and right now They continue to make that special offer to you when you called My concepts tell me want to be on their stand by list which will save you next to 15% on your next carpet cleaning Deal so come to the toll free for a stupidish job guaranteed every time call 1 800 248 5071 that's 1 800 248 5071 We're on a web find more information about them at dryconcept.com the best in the universe at dry concepts And Look it and stick Got an inside ball street, too Now she's gonna pay for it Churrent's ain't too loud They've found her guilty Facing like the turn I must say it thrills me To see her take it out and cuffs 20 years won't be enough Drizzled up in the stripes Send her to the sink sink Foot her into life And would be a new single mother Well they got you for inside her training And they send you away over the For we're laughing so hard that we're shaking What's your stock worth today? Oh my God We're you had everything with you falling Yeah, let's send you away Oh my God You'll be sharing what's there to do with you With you sound me Oh, oh, oh, oh Bye bye Bye bye I'll try to know what your show I'm flying to the zone in QA I'm a man for learning at home Attention man Would you like to feel relaxed once again? Yes