It works the lotion in the basket. On the next Oprah, you'll be shocked. You'll be amazed. You'll be talking about it for the next. How a long and until she shocks you again. Oprah, makes your wildest dreams come true. Today, every one of the studio audience, all 276 members, get a brand new liver. Everybody gets a new liver. I'm the one who's in the world. Tomorrow, all 276 studio audience members, get a brand new view view. Everybody gets a brand new order. Everybody is a brand new order. The next day, all 276 members of the studio audience, get a three-foot helper monkey. Everybody gets a three-foot helper monkey. Everybody gets a three-foot helper monkey. Six-foot, all 276 audience members, get a new prosthetic arm. Everybody gets a prosthetic arm. Everybody gets a prosthetic arm. Oh, bro, giving away great stuff. She didn't have to pay for, even though she could easily afford to. And next season, everybody in the studio audience, get a statement. Everybody gets a spin in school. 10-51 is 5-60 WQM. Better late than ever, as we see on a show. Yeah, and we like it. But what? Georgia did a great job last week, even though I didn't hear woman in it. I'm confident of it. That was a spectacular response on our website. Even though the management doesn't like you, the heat you like, poised, and are feeling well as they say in the mutual broadcasting network. And we'll see the pull that you took on Friday over the weekend. And let's quick pick it on Dick Cheney's daughter, by the way. You talk about the media being crazy. I'm grinning. Oh, it's so sad. It is so sad, the way to media just to join joy to near goose stepping along. I think the whole media is on by simpler broadcasting. If you ask me, but anyway, here's the pull of George took. What's your take on his bill or rally business on the full sets, allegations accusations alleged? 1769 votes. Now you left off the one choice that I always like to put in there. I don't give a schmuck. Because that would have been my first immediate choice. I couldn't give a flying crap about bill or rally. Now when you look at his radio ratings in the South Florida market, which he's been on here for like about a year and a half, he's got a crush rush, baby. Even after the big rush, you're a fallout with his little pill pop and crap. And you know, right, took a little bit of a hit, but a rally still got a zero point, two or something like that. He might as well not even be on the air on a radio. Well, she's definitely a little bit kind of a spin guy. Anyway, 1769 votes both, I see both of you above 817 meeting, or rally is a pervert 771, and McRis is an extortionist 781, and both of the above. So in other words, he's a pervert, and she wants to get money out of it because of it, and the both of you above, and I still don't give a crap. I couldn't care less about bill or rally. Small potatoes. Another man made creation out of the media. Media invented a thing. He ain't nothing. Here's something that is something she's on our website today on theoranges.com. Behind the beat of curtain, if you got lots of ID, a rls. Frederick Vanderwall. Who? Well, she's a modern model. She's a supermodel and superwoman. Well, not super actress. Born August 30th, 1967. I bet you have no idea where she was born. Jeremy. Vanderwall. Oh, she's doich. Dirty. Dutch. Born August 30th, 1967, which makes her 37 years old, and the Hague Nidalons in Holland, baby. Here's her filmography short as it is. Alderman Howley Town, USA. Made for TV. The million dollar hotel of Venice Project, the wild wild west. Celebrity. 54. Two girls in a guy and Bernsey's last call. Let's it. I want also a marmalade and celebrity mole Hawaiian. A bunch of pretty sad crap. But she's a fine looking creature. And there she is. That's her creature feature. I'll be had to be to curtain it. They take a puke at it. Here's our poll today. But this is really great. It's almost the end of the first hour. I forgot about this. I haven't been on vacation. Oh, don't go to Montreal unless you like the city. Just to stay away from the people. What's their last weekend? Man, what are what? I still love that city. It's very European restaurants are phenomenal. But the people are strictly frauds. Man, they're discussing their rude. They're everything that you hate about the French. That's them. Pushy rude. I'm not just disgusting. Nasty. They absolutely refuse to speak English. Yeah. How they smell. Absolutely. They can get close enough. Didn't with anybody. What well known person do you think is the biggest phony that's our poll question that annual Rogers.com? We got to the start. Rush Limbaugh. I'm dying on the hair. Papa couple the more or Bill Orrelli. The alleged telephone sex pervert. That's the start of the world's biggest phony. I got one I should add on there right away. In fact, I got two. And culture. Or got several. And culture. You write these down now? Yes, we are. Mr. Matt Drog. Oh, Mr. Matt Drog. What's funny about him? I don't know. I asked a little. The Pope. Oh, see what a good list of this guy. You got to answer that many, many more. I'm sure all the phony's all the time. And who was the other one I was going to put on? I'll leave it out to them. 560, 560, pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. Here's that schedule today. Mad Dog at two. All right. The Humper at four. Stupid. Then you got the guilty at seven. Who of course, the Jim Sarni will get to that eventually. Jim Sarni had some interesting things to write about guilty. He'll be at Smokey Bowens tonight. 710, Eddie K. 10. 10. Now the Stern Show. We'll be your Rogers. Mornings and we dig. And of course, along the clock. For Christ's. To weigh it. Oh, you're open. He ain't lying. As you see, he ain't. 10. Disquite for changing. I went online. I emailed a dumb and nitricks. Now everything is fine. I'm making a dungeon made for slaves. I get with when I have misbehaved. Just to prove that she is my master. I'm hanging by my test to go for her. The little heels are painful. When they grow my butt. The pain is not there. When you hang and call your nuts. I've been hanging from my test to go for days. Now my balls are running at 3K. Just to prove that she is my master. I'm hanging by my test to go for her. My stroke of each to be a normal fact. Now I can pull it halfway up my back. I'll prove that she is my master. I'm hanging by my test to go for her. Recto. I've got to hear them play them in the bill. I'll show them if I watch which I don't. Whenever you'd read them, they'll be fine. 27 notes on a pool. I'm pretty sure. The biggest pony. Rush Limbaugh. 15. What the hell? Bill are wily five. Mad Throod. She's got three. Now how come it doesn't say mismad Throod, I know what I said. Comey plot. Well, what no seriously. Did I make it very clear? I said be sure we put that on her mismad Throod. So we know which drugs we're talking about. The drugs myster. Chock. I thought you were a Josh. The Pope three and and Colbert is only got one. But you ought to see it's a very impressive one is what I'm hearing. Well, speak of that. Now a couple of these stories we had on the website during the week. And I don't know if you dealt with them or not. But that's okay. Okay. Because I'll deal with them anyway. Okay. What about? Did you do the one from Spring Hill Tennessee? No. Oh. Katherine Williams says the yellow ducky sponge. She put on sale at a flea market is merely a child's toy. City officials say the vibrator inside makes it a sex toy. But officials in this Nashville suburb backed off from citing Williams for violating the six cities. Sexly oriented business ordinance because she'd already taken out and displayed by the time polis responded to complaint Saturday. Nearby offenders also refused to be witnesses in the case. We've declined to prosecute because of it. A lack of evidence city administrator can York said last week. Williams whose passions and pleasures business sells locians and adult novelties in home parties described her product line as PG13 and said you only got two negative comments at the flea market. Nothing we do is nasty unless you have a nasty mind. Turning an abomio. I mean, next thing are going to outlaw selling cucumbers and publics. But how does it stop? Right? Anything that's longer than it is white. Right. Salami sausages forget about that. Rot worst. Or get about it. They're the worst. Anyway, she says nothing we do is nasty unless you have an nasty mind. Turning an abomio. He's tail to make the sponge vibrate. By three-year-old son of the play with his duck in the bath. He put it on his neck and on his head. Williams said she'll be back at the flea market next year. If she does, she'll be cited in court. You're an in court. That duck is a sex toy and it was on display. That was a vibrator on display in public view. Yeah. Dangerous there. Sign America and you wonder why Bush is a little bit ahead in the polls or whatever. Are they going to steal the election in two weeks? Can you put an eye out with one of those? Don't forget early voting today by the way in Florida. Get out there and vote a whole bunch of time. But turn the man. I'm curious. And all you need are people. Let me just say you're right now. Even think about voting for Ralph Nader. We don't want making threats to the Nader voters. They're just keep that in mind. Katrina Vandenhuvul sums it up very well about the Chinese, Lin and Dick. She says if you noticed that when Lin Cheney thunders about being an indignant mother, she can't repress a smile. And when husband Dick says he's an angry father he's smoking. That's because they're actually far more pleased than our rate by John Kerry's mentioned their daughter's sexual orientation in the last debate. Now they have an issue to distract the country from George Bush's off of the debate performances and the media which drank deeply from Cheney's WMD Concussion as once again swam his deception's hook line and sinker. It was Dick Cheney himself who first brought up his daughter's lesbian as when they 2000 by his presidential debate when he wanted to burnish his compassionate side, a quality never noticed much before and completely absent since. When John Edward's mentioned Cheney's daughter in this year's VP to Vacheney thanked him for his kind words. But within moments after the third debate between Bush and Kerry, Lin Cheney was already with a can't line of fake indignation to feed the post-devade news shows and now it's morphed into when a plaza line in both mom and pops campaign speeches. This isn't for him allowed, rated political theater from two of the most cynical people in American politics and they've successfully manipulated the mainstream media. Once again, Cheney writes, she was on one of the shows this week and she's great, Katrina Pannon who will not just in print but logically she can also speak to she's great. We love Katrina at the nation. No way, yes we just made it. Just don't mention that. Okay, we'll get some other things for the poll here I'm assuming. 560, 50560, pound 560 on a AT and team Verizon, wireless line. Well, well known person you think is the biggest phony is our poll question that AQA and hello. Hello. I just want to make sure that there was nobody there. Maybe they're off to a slow start this week too. Or maybe Duff came into their breakfast table this morning as they were sitting down at the breakfast table ready to enjoy delicious breakfast with a smile and a face and turn that smile into a frown. Little miss Muppet, the messenger lady turned the smile up. Yeah, I the audience should know this. I'm on vacation last week George says as usual sensational job I come back this morning. I'm going to great mood. I'm relaxed. I've had a few days off and I sit down here at 20 past eight in this chair. 821, who martyred in the studio, little miss Muppet, Mufflenzi, our former program director operations manager turned dump button monkey. The dump button lady and says to George, Oh, okay. Well, what was the exact words? Could you excuse us for a minute? Excuse us for a minute. And now he goes into a thing about Greg Reed and my lawyer Norma Kent and though there's said at this one have an temper tantrum. Stuff that has nothing to do with me really directly and I'd like to how would all of me know I'm saying? Get out of my face. Don't bug me anymore. Duff go away. Messing your lady. Within 60 seconds or less, I think it was more like I've got to do it. My fat pimple ass sitting in this chair here comes into my flight. Oh, Greg wanted me to call you on Friday, but you wanted to call you just go away. Okay. You're all about your crazy people. Leave me alone. Come to QM happy Monday. Hello. I think we differ. Excellent choice. I love it. Thank you. What about a good one? That was great. In fact, that inspired me to play a whole bunch of good stuff. I'll see. No, we can't play that one. No, no. Oh, I know. Wait a minute. Now, what's the one that where she's, uh, sell their selling can't be least crap, uh, the slave labor. This white chops. Oh, it's called. They are, it's called. They think the kids. Yeah, they have the different. That's what it's called. What am I? What a memory man. There is a child living down in Mexico. Oh, yeah. Who has to go to work every day? I'm dying out of here. Sits at his desk. Making clothes for caffeine. Loves the work. But doesn't love the pain. They are the kids. Who make the glory? They are the ones who make the book a day. They support complaining. They book. It's just clothes for making. Look how you love to buy. It's you. They make a book a day with caffeine. You bet you've got your heart. Well said. Excellent choice to start. WQAM Hello. Yeah. Yes, sir. Okay. Here you go. Melmontenus and the late Pat Paulson. Hello. Yes, sir. I'm going to vote for. Just getting right now to the ball. Okay. And I have two for your ball. Go right ahead. Well, by the way, my first of all, who are you voting for? Well, you know what? They give out. No, I'm voting for Kelly. Okay. If you say it, I mean, you have to be ashamed. They are tracing the quality. We'll come back on your door three o'clock tonight. Men from the governor's office. Anyway, go ahead. What are you going? Mary, Jamie. Yeah. It's going to be flagger. Who? Jimmy. Orr. Orr. Orr. Orr. Orr. Okay. Two choices again. Thank you. This book could be like a zinnit. All the phone is all the time. Maybe as so many phone is in so little time. I'm sure you do. No, it's. Oh. This. I'm telling you, this radio station is a killer. Do you people are you are tuned right now to the killer to killer radio? Now necessarily in a positive sense, like killer like we're killing them. But killer as in it'll kill all of us before we're done. Man, it is just absolutely unacceptable as what it is. Must they out of my face don't be give me any more messages. Go away. Okay. You neurotic crazy bastards. You what the whole bunch of you. See, I got two years to go and believe you me. That is the end. This is the end boys and girls. And I will say during that two years in a couple months, whatever it is, I have no need. No reason to be in contact with mufflandsy with clearance. Whatever to her name is with any of these crazy people. But a water Nazi. I don't need to be. That's one of the reasons I'm so glad not to be there. Does I ever have to encounter those neurotic people face to face? The last time I was done or which you'll recall every day was another crisis. Every day another hush closed or well. But it would be put up with all of the pain in each other's pants, which I'm quite frankly. You got a few questions about that. I think they have a word for that. But at any rate. And I just don't want to be part of any of that stuff. I'm here to do the show that take the check. That's it. Just send me the money and the go away. Leave me alone. From an etc. 11 at 5. 60 WQM. IRS tax problems have a way of ruining all aspects of your life. Just like the people at QM do. They take a tool on you financially, physically and emotionally. You can never really forget about your IRS problems as they come back each morning when you wake up, like a nightmare. CPHME buck walled in the buck walled tax firm can up you and your IRS problems forever and give you back peace of mind. That's why other top CPN law firm was referred to their clients to the buck walled tax firm when they got IRS problems. Why not avoid potential criminal prosecution? Get all your unfile tax returns prepared even if you lost all your records. Suppose you have an IRS lien, wage, levied, OPA, will taxes and penalties. Want to settle for thousands less than you owe. Need time to pay whatever it might be. The buck walled tax firm can help you out. They offer a free initial consultation, affordable and guaranteed fees and immediately from IRS harassment or that harassment. Investability never have to meet with the IRS either the buck walled tax firm handles all meetings and discussions you don't have to. Call 9-5-4-575-2800. That's 9-5-4-575-2800. With the O-10-0 million dollars in IRS taxes or somewhere in between, the buck walled tax firm can help you out. Call 9-5-4-575-2800. For your free consultation or check them on the web at www.IRSFeedem.com. That's IRSFeedem.com and stop worrying about the IRS knocking it to your front door. You're listening to the U-Rodgip. It's Crucibly. On 560, you A-M. Feber is done and Dave Wastett is done. How many? Ladies, if you're out of work, why not lift yourself up and join the Jimmy Swagger Ministry? Right now, there are numerous openings you can fill by assuming a missionary position with Jimmy Swagger. Transportation is provided. Jimmy will drive you around personally. You'll not only get hands-on experience, you'll get hands-on over you experience. Assume the missionary position right now and you'll work directly under Jimmy Swagger. After all, you already have something in common with Jimmy. You want a job and he wants a job. Bless you. How am I going to tell Paul? Look at the way that Josh built Jimmy Swagger. Josh is a good guy, but he's got the brain in the size of a... See you. He doesn't know from a vangilistic... Swagger, Swagger, Swagger, S-W-A-G-G-E-R-T-L-M-S-N-O-P, etc. God. I don't think that the Colament Murray Cheney, I think he meant Lyn Cheney. Wouldn't you? What's called about Murray Cheney? I don't know, I think they meant Lyn Cheney. Yeah, I think they meant Lyn. But at any rate, we'll just put a whole bunch of names on there. How many? About 30 minutes? About 30 minutes? Yeah, I think they're going to be there to give you something to do today. You have to finish voting for Carrie several times. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. By the way, don't kid sucked into the... Oh, look who's on there. Careful speaking of something. Is that where you think the selection's going to be inside of the boat? Oh, and you want to... What a max-made hell man. Tommy Fieler and Ricky Tiki Sanchez. There are a few other counties. Isn't he with our candidates? By the way, they hurled and Doris carry. We'll get to that all those endorsements. And the attempt at tributing in the Doris anybody. They said, a pox on both of them. Kind of my feeling about like Regridden Norm Kent to hold both of them. Presidential race tightens up again. Democratic政治 John Kerry, President Bush's lead to Tupor. How can this man be a head? How can this dodgering imbis will be a head? What kind of a morons are we dealing with? Americans are what? Yeah, that's it. My god, he comes across a simple den in three to base he gets wallop. But you got to hand it to Carl Roevin, I was not sees man. They know how to change the subject. First, they did it with that swiffled veterans' crap. That was magnificent. Because all of the issues, I mean, it's a disaster. The economy's a disaster. What's happening in Iraq as a disaster? The environments of disaster jobs people ought to work. You name it no matter what this man has touched this a disaster. He's like a great reader politics. And yet, he's up a couple of points in a poll. But don't get sucked in by that CNN thing. That's Gallup again. And Gallup interviews like 38% and I'm not making this up. 38% Republicans, 31% Democrats. So guess what? Bush is a few points ahead now they say. Don't forget about them. CNN, they are the anti-Christ. Each and every one of those people at CNN ought to be like nail the cross and crucified. Everyone of them, except Candy Crowley, she bring the cross down. Can you imagine that? They have to bury that thing 20, 30 feet deep in a ground. But third man. Anyway, Kerry cut Bush's lead to two points with the just over two weeks to go. According to the Reuters, Zagby poll released yesterday. This is the latest poll that may have any significance whatsoever. Although the state by state polls are kind of interesting too. Like for example, Kerry is four points ahead in Ohio. Allegedly. And three four points in Wisconsin will see. We'll get to it. And then you see all the stuff that they're pulling out. The tearing of democratic registrations and Oregon things like that. Just a little minor things. Not that they played dirty tricks you understand. Copy lies. Bush led Kerry 46 to 44% in the latest three day tracking poll of the closely-contested race. The present had led him 48 to 40 to 4% the previous day. The third debate is now registering among voters and Kerry had a good day. John Zagby said, the new tracking poll found Kerry regained a good lead among 18 to 29 year old voters. Oh, thank God. There's hope for the young people in America. Thank the Lord. We've got some brains. And consolidate his advantage among his spanics. And of course, we're not talking so much about South Florida Hispanics. Because that's a horse of another color, another flavor. Bush and Kerry were tied among Roman Catholics. A group carried himself a Catholic must win to capture the White House. So I'll be said. And a Pope says, HUBMAN DRAID. Among the 7% of voters still on the side. Bush had a 34% positive job rating versus a 66% negative rating. This is among the undecideds. Only 18% of undecided respondents had the present deserve re-election. While 39% said it was time for somebody new in the latter group. 99% said they were likely to vote. So where does all this other CNN gallop crab come from? You was say today tomorrow? Pulling out of their ass is what I'm thinking. Because it's part of this bandwagon mentality. Oh, look at this bushes ahead. They people must know something you don't know. We better vote for them. While all the people are lined up for their flu shots. How come Kerry let so many holes? They open up enough holes for him. He could have driven a fleetemac trucks through it. And they're in the bait. This business about well, we don't have enough flu vaccine. So and now we got people, people 90 years old standing online for hours in the sweltering Heaton, California, and the whereabouts of it is waiting for a chance. And that's just waiting for a shot. But for a chance to get ripped off for a flu shot. And he says, well, we can get him from our Canadian friends to the north. Our Canadian. Yeah, these are the same Canadians who bought, and I noticed in his speech the next day Kerry finally brought it up because somebody wrote it for him. The same Canadians were was the tenth world of drugs that were getting. And we don't dare let the Americans import their drugs from Canada. And let me tell you right now by the way, the people up here are pretty unhappy about the whole idea of letting Americans import drugs because now they're firing a drug shortage here because the Americans are getting ripped off by the pharmaceutical companies would help a bush. Why didn't he pick on that one? That gigantic mammoth opening. And what was the other one I was going to mention? He left the, I forgot. I'll get to it. Just enormous gigantic openings. And in spite of the fact that he really blew it in a couple of ways, he's still buried him. You go online a couple hours after the faith finished and like on the MSNBC poll was like 71 to 29% Kerry won, even on the Fox poll and they would never admit it. But if you went on there a couple hours after the voting started on their poll, it was like 56 to 44% Kerry won at poll. Even on the right wing Fox, we twist all the news poll. We make it clear, look like a bunch of liberals. Or you might be interested that some of those unfair restations are Fox affiliates. You might just be interested to know what a shot. Yeah. But they keep changing the storage, you're confiscating, covering up all of the facts. That's what they end and yet on every issue, the Middle East is a nightmare, you name it. We had six more American troops die over the weekend, but forget about these things, okay? Because here's the leadership you can trust. Right, here's somebody who, what is our ticket? It makes a lot of sense. In fact, where's that one bit? One moment please. I got to play this. Is this it? Welcome to another hilarious episode of George Bush Theatre. I think you're like rain, without the mask. George plays rain, mate. What were you doing in my room? I believe. What were you doing in my room? I don't know if you were doing in my room. And we're noises. Well, those noises are none of your business. You understand that? I understand that. Huh? Put the full book out. Like an idiot goes sweet. Go to Slate. Stay tuned for the next George Bush Theatre, where George plays forest gum. That's not the one I'll find it. I'm just all whipped up to a frenzy about it. Can you see how I've noticed? That's right. Well, you know, I've been an offer. I've been a lot of people. I've been a lot of people. I've been a lot of people. That's not the one I'll find it. I'm just all whipped up to a frenzy about it. Can you see how I've noticed? Well, you know, I've been an offer a few days. I've got all this pent up. Plus that episode with mufflandsy this morning. Totally absolutely unacceptable. Stay to hell away from this kid. Okay, sweetheart. You silly child you five six seven. Five six. Five six. Five six. Five six. The only 18 team Verizon line. Well, when one person you think is the biggest phony. We got Rush Limbaugh. All look at that 67 votes for the pill popper. How's Wilma doing out of 117. He's got almost he's got over half of the votes. Bill or Riley 24. Perfect. The Pope Scott seven. All her boys and quarter six. Miss Maddrage. She's got six. Can't he leave you for four. Lynn Cheney's got a pair. And Jimmy Swagger. Scott won. W to Q a M. Hello. 117. Q a M. Yes. Hey, I do an. All right. Question for you. Is that the pound five six you on? Is that free? Yeah. Okay, great. And I'll put it all. He fell. 90. Oh, I love that. Oh, wow. Okay. That's an excellent choice even from that nuttub. She makes me barf. Oh, God. She's always got that sneer on her face. That phony. Southern. Oh, so. Yeah. Man, oh, man. I'd like to take my foot and stick it where the moon don't shine. Watch my toe come out the top of her head. 5. 670. Five 60. Boy, my whipped up now. What? That's great. And I was so mellow before 821 this morning. Before that. It was just a little bit acceptable. If the audience could only have, I should have had the tape roll on you know next time I'm going to, well, there won't be any next time because next time that happens I'm getting up and I'm going to the other one making some bacon. I'm just getting out of here. Seriously, I would just want, I won't tolerate that kind of like negative kind of like right before you're going to go on a year after nice week vacation and like, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Let us crap on you. Let us just destroy your day. Let us put forward to his negative impossible frame of mind as we can. And this is the way of saying thank you for seven years of magnificent service and screw you. Thank you. Have a good day. Hello. Yeah. WQM. Good morning. Yes sir. When is this? Welcome back. Thank you. National poll are real waste of time because obviously everybody knows and we can check lately. We don't vote as a nation. We vote as a state. Right. National polls are magnificent waste of time and they're usually justified somehow the contracts run by CNN USA today, Gallup, whoever else is in the right. The only poll to pay attention to state the side we state by state polls. Right. And those polls are pretty close all within the margin of error. The other thing is that if you were members, you really want to pay attention to national polls four years ago, if you go back and do a should probably Google this. Bush was up between no six and eleven points going in election day on outboard depending on which poll you looked at. And we all know what happened then. More or less. More or less. More or less. The last day before the election was 4845, which was three points ahead. That was the kelp of the consensus, but there were other that were higher in the which were actually having a debt. And then we go on a half million votes. That's a million votes. Exactly. That's that we know on the election. We know of because the votes never got fully counted. That's true. When that aspect is not a big deal, it's just one of these things that these guys have nothing better to talk about. And so they go back and forth and back. Well, no, it's not just that, but it's their way of spinning it and trying to like, you know, get that bandwagon effect going because they want to be good goose stepping obedient to Nazis. Well, that's true. They're not actually not the screw to them. They're not. They don't have an agenda. They're lazy. They're not. They're not. They're lazy. They don't want to go out. Media, you see what's happening with the media today. They do have an agenda. Well, some do. I mean, I've been in Phocom, those people that are off the charts, but I'm saying, I'll see. And then has become Phoc's light. Right. So the great, but I mean, there are some people who are just lazy. And they want stuff. And it look who are your national correspondents. Are there a light weight? I wouldn't say I don't. I wouldn't say I don't. I don't like that. They're in Toby these things. Okay. Good point. Thank you. I'd like that echo. 28 past 11 at five, 60 WCM with all the hurricane mess and September Armstrong for to homesteads got a clear out all remaining 04s to make room for the 2005s. And you're going to save like never before on all remaining 04s in stock ready for immediate delivery of not sooner. To some range, your Tundra and F for 150 pickups. Explore as an expediation. Chrome VIX torsive focuses and mustings too. Every 04 on the letter Armstrong for to homesteads been drastically reduced. And you'll save thousands literally. Plus Armstrong Ford offers more vanied with slow customers. When you buy your Ford from Armstrong Ford, you get their exclusive tires and batteries for life program that is correct. tires and batteries for life. The venue you'll get Armstrong Ford goes on because right now they'll give you a free floor to some pass with any vehicle you buy. If you've been wanting a new car, but you've been putting it off weight no more. David rich in the staff at Armstrong Ford homesteads will quite untie you the best price. And don't forget Armstrong Ford homestead is locally owned and operated. They treat you great like family. And you won't get a better deal anywhere south Florida than Armstrong Ford. Or nobody in switch no phone deals Armstrong Ford homestead you'll find him at 307 25. South Dixie Highway just 20 minutes south of the 836 well worth the drive. Check them on the web at armstrongcarz.com. Grab a little and save thousands on that new Ford only at Armstrong Ford of homestead. You're listening to Neil Rogers. You're having a exclusive car on 560 60. Are you a. Hey, Paul again, Paul is a girl from South Florida. We know we don't know. We do not know. If we don't know. George Ford is talking about. I get a right to. I get a right to. I get a right to. We don't get food again. If you can't get food again. Or no George. It's not easy. We call it in polo. Get your tickets now. There's no two ways about it. It's not easy. It's not easy. It was a difficult decision that made the main tile life. That decided to get a bikini west. They'd go for you. It's hard work. It's hard work. It's hard work. 207. That's a great clip we got there on Neil Rogers.com. We got all kinds of good stuff. I love that ad we got on there. It isn't better than that ad with the abrupt sitting on the bench. I love the new ads from move on dot org and the democratic national committee. We're just a beautiful thing. You got to see it. You don't have to say anything. Just show the man. Oh man. Just amazing. Just amazing. Just amazing. But that's a and when you're looking. Speaking of the last guy had a good point. You look at the for example on USA today. If you go to their website. Even though it is the gal thing again. And they have the state by state as of the they've updated the as of this morning. It's pretty good. And they got the state by state polls. And just take a look at the states that are in red. There were few that are like in light orns that are on the side of two close to colors, including Florida. But take a look at that. Oh, look at this. Who do you think will win on the CNN gal up on that. See, full bush 56 and carry 36 not who you're for, but who do you think will win? Let's just keep boost up in that up there on you. Idiot, sir. At the not a box light. Yeah, keep boost up on the long. For example this morning they showed about 30 seconds of bush speaking in the west Palm Beach. And then they showed about five minutes or our carry speaking in west Palm. They showed about five minutes of bush making a speech about the American Olympic athletes. As he said, the athletes. Fair enough by his man. That's where it's at. Anyway, Chris and George cracked out on spitting Jews. Do you have this story? I saw it, but I did not mention it. Well, it's important stuff, man. Well, I don't want to tell you that. Good old time religion, baby. Right. Question leaders in Jerusalem of attack what they say is the increasingly common phenomenon of spitting by ultra orthodox Jews. I remember they're face. Oh, I. Oops, juicy. The statement followed a brawl between an orthodox Jewish student and Armenian archbishop. That's right. The two man class in Jerusalem's old city after a year's shiva student sped it across being carried by the clergyman during a procession. Nearly a holy supple, Kerri, they revered sight of Jesus' crucifixion. Jesus Christ. Archbishop Nurhan Manugian. Huh? I wonder if he's related to armencatean Manugian. Then slat the ishiva student and the ensuing scuffle has come to an essentially ceremony of madalian was broken. Said I wouldn't split in the best party if I could find it. Both were questioned by a police and the ishiva student is facing charges he's been banned from approaching the old city for 75 days. Good to see that that road map is working real well there. And these things are going real well. That's another part of the world where this administration has really got their thumb on it, baby. They're doing it. The Armenians have branded the police action in edict. What's the source of things going on for years? I don't know what they're upset about. The orthodox Jews, they spit on the other Jews too. Okay. So what they worried about. And then every with this really newspaper Monday, our speech of Manugian demanded that is really, really to speak out about the abuse. When there's an attack against Jews anywhere in a, a juice. Anywhere in the world, the Israeli government is in sense. So why when our religion and pride are hurt. Don't they take harsh measures? He has standing in officials are not interested when we're humiliated on a daily basis. Yadi Adiyati, an apartment in Perth. We in our religions, but a near religion. And a hub here. What was that? I don't know. That was really juicy. That was beautiful. Oh and speaking of that liberal media, more of the brainwashing of America. Democracy radio a group of broadcast Jews whose aim is to develop progressive radio programming says that a nationwide survey of talk radio indicates that nearly 90% of all political talk radio shows in America reflect conservative views by only 10% of talk is progressive. And of course that 10% would include now Frank and what's your name? Oh, can't do it. Can't do it. Can't do it. Can't do it. Can't do it. Can't do it. Can't do it. Can't do it. Can't do it. Can't do it. Can't do it. Can't do it. Can't do it. Can't do it. There are 3,000 and a lot of people. They argue it's not for a Democrat which Abdulize for 42 hours of air time dedicated to progressive talk compare to the 41,731 hours of conservator talk time per week. Despite the fact that a majority of all talk radio listeners are not conservative, talk radio programs that reflect conservative viewpoints continue to dominate the airway of shit absorber term, 1,001 carnit plane. This means that only one political perspective is being broadcast on their waves that are enter inequalities on their worksky the their répondre to laws or because mainly nations. is it going to change? No, it is anybody cared? No, no, no, we do nothing about it. Except the course for era America with the tapes of Randy Farbukhara from the F.P. We call whatever it is. That's where she was. This makes me sick to my stomach. But again, Parpe de course, Florida Governor, Jeff Bush, your fat ass governor, ignored advice to throw out a flawed, fell and lost voter list before went out to County Election Office's despite warnings from state officials according to a publicly-ported weekend. In a May 4th email obtained by the Sirasso de Herald Tribune, Florida Department of Law Enforcement Computer Escort Jeff Long told his boss in the office that a colleague at the Department of State had told him that yesterday they recommended the governor, they pulled a plug on the voter database. The email said state elections officials weren't comfortable with the felon matching program they've got, but added the governor rejected their suggestion to pull the plug so they're going to live with this weekend. Long who is responsible for giving elections officials his department's felon database confirmed the contents of the email on Friday the Herald Tribune. He said he did not remember the specifics but that Paul Crap, the Department of State's top computer expert had told him about the meeting with Bush, our fat ass governor. A software program at state on felons with voter registration rules to create the list of 48,000 names, Secretary of State Glende and the hood jump to the database in July after admitting that 2500 ex-conson list had had their voting rights restored, most of them by the way were Democrats and many of them were black. Here comes the real sugar in the wood pile, Hispanics who inflore to mostly vote Republican were almost entirely absent from the list due to a technical error. Okay, yeah, not because there was any hanky panky going on, you want to feel it like that in broad daylight, like right on in the open. And you know what, there's a good chance they're going to do it again. They're working feverishly on it. But anyway, don't let me get all whipped up now. It's only Monday to late. Yeah, thanks a lot, Muff and just stay the hell away. Okay, stay very, very, very far away, like about 1200 miles sounds good to me. Twenty-till noon at 5, 60 WQM, you want to know more about following a low carb diet, which everybody, I don't care what they try to tell you about the fat is over with, forget about it. It's not a fat, more and more people are doing the low carb thing. When you go into the supermarket, now you find a whole bunch of stuff, most of which is garbage by the way, which is why you want to go into the lights because they've got all kinds of really great stuff that really is low carb. Whether you're starting or restarting the adkins, sugarbusters, South Beach, or any low carb sugarfree diet, the lives of West Bokers, always been the smart low carb store to shop in the number one store in South Florida. And of course, like I said, you can shop at the local grocery store, but forget about that because it's pretty limited. But when you write to lights, they've got Zidians over 1200 great low carb products. Like carbolite ice cream, breads, pasta, chocolate, brownies, cookies, and lots more. The lights is open every day, seven days a week from 10-10, and the folks there who work at the lights know low carb dieting inside and out. The lights is located on the northeast corner of Blades in 441 right next to Boston Market. On toll-free at 1-877 low carb LW, C-A-R-V, or on web it's low carb.com. There's only one, but what a great story it is. The lights of West Bokers, your official atkins retail center. You're listening to me, you're going to need your Rogers exclusive, I'm 560. You A-B-A. A lot of Lid-A-Boy. And now, another tale from the cell phone of D-J-E. Today, Dick Diles Celebrity Biographer, Kitty Kelly. Hello. Hello. Hello. Yeah, hello. Kitty, Kelly, please. Thank you. I am a skittie. This is Dick Cheney, vice president of the United States of America. How are you? Fine. That's good. That's nice. Is this something that can help you with? Yes. Yes. It's just that a look that's coming out next week. It's your own frankly. We question its credibility and wondering if maybe you could wait a couple of months before actually putting it out. I'm sorry, my son is breaking out. Did you just ask you not to use a print block? I'm so happy you like to. Yes. After George Bush gets real like it, print only once. We won't care then. Why would I want to do that? Let go. What? Why? Why? Oh my. It's your book certainly, but how is it swim? You're messing with the president of the United States of America. Okay, I can hang it down. We know where you live, you don't think. Okay. I try. What is your little bottle? No, too. The buy. What's going with you? Hello. Hello. Hmm. This has been another tale from the cell phone of the cheating. 14. No, that's five 60. He sure is one find upstanding. I mean, hunching over old man. All right. Wait, can you hear this? This is going to get you really flagently. Computer problems reported at some early voting sites. Oh my god. How do you like that? Problems were being reported that nine or 14 early voting sites in Broward County this morning. All ready. Okay. This is the first day of early voting in Florida. And already nine or 14 early voting sites. They got service, baby. Jusella Salas of the Broward Lessons office had workers were having problems with live database connection that's used to verify that a voter is properly registered. The site's now said that we're on a fact that we're at satellite offices in Dearfield Beach. No, I mean, it's said the sites that were unaffected were at satellite offices in Dearfield Beach. Hollywood, Lawdy Hill, Pembro Pines and Plantation. All the branch offices reported having problems with the database connection. Many of the sites had voters lined up to cast their ballots. Voters at several sites had poll workers told them the problem started 20 to 30 minutes after the early polling stations open. 830 this morning, the station was posted 6 in the PN tonight. In Palm Beach County, the center of the madness during the 2000 presidential recount. Oh, a state legislator said she wasn't given a complete absentee ballot when she has not to use the electronic touchscreen machines. And in Orange County, the touchscreen system briefly crashed. Paralyzed voting in Orlando and its immediate suburbs. I'm going to tell you something, baby, we've been ahead. State representative Shelley van, a Democrat, Lantana was the seventh person in line Monday at a Palm Beach County early voting site. She said the paper absentee ballot she was given was missing one of its two pages, including the proposed amendments to the state constitution. And by the way, vote yes, I'm not forward. Don't forget about that. Yes. She said election workers were indifferent when she put it out the oversight. Let me read that last part again. She said the paper absentee ballot she was given was missing one of its two pages, including the proposed amendments to the state constitution. She said election workers were indifferent when she pointed out the freaking oversight. There was absolutely no concern on the part of the folks at the supervisor election door fist at this page was missing. This is not a good start. There are a big problem. If there are incomplete ballots out there I can't imagine I would be the only one getting it. She said election supervisor Theresa Lapord did not immediately return to call for comment. If she smarts, he's heading for the hills right now. She's in some kind of a, a on mark pickup truck. He would or shotgun in the back and heading for the hills to receive idiot. You stupidized bitch. In Orange County, the computers went down for about 10 minutes early after the voting began. Said Margaret done. They seen your deputy election supervisor. I think done is the word. She said she didn't know what caused the problem but speculated they fall the internet connection may have been to blame. Or maybe I can come on down and crawl around on the floor get a fist like I did for this one. While Greg was having another of one of his temper tantrums. Tetsis Colorado and Arkansas also began casting early ballots today 15 days before election day. Other key states this year have already begun in person voting including Wisconsin, I a one to battle high on the Mexico, Pennsylvania and Michigan. In Palm Beach County, a steady flow of voters cast early ballots, Robin punches. A stay at home mom from West Palm Beach said she came early to vote because she heard it would increase the chance of a vote being accurately counted. It was her first time using the touchscreen voting machines. It tells you exactly what to do with idiot proof she said. Well that should be good for our audience said. And they'd County were early voting sites were open later today about 150 people gathered for a rally led by Revan Al Sharpton and former US attorney general Janet Reno speaking of pickup trucks. Some people were carrying homemade signs that said early voting counts and early vote matters every vote matters something like that. Rosemary Michael 41 said you would cast your first vote in a presidential election when the early voting poll site. That's what it says here. This is the sunson. I know that does making it. That's what says. She came to the US from a Haiti because the US citizen in the United States became the US citizen in the United States didn't vote in the 2000 election. She wasn't interested. Now she's knocking on doors and telling people to vote. I can't imagine who she's voting for. Can you? No. Let me guess. Every vote counts. You said early voting was introduced to the idea. The idea. The idea. But about. Man goes on about this across Florida Democratic college students can't overnight election offices to be the first in line this morning. The states congressional black caucus is traveling to five cities over four days. But all day understand they're not allowed to vote. 12th of size early voting in voter protection state representative and Ganon a bill may be democratic hosting and get out the vote. Bobby Q Governor fat asked you have bush disagrees with the planned. Open only one early voting place downtown Jacksonville to cover all of Duval County and Secretary of State Glendon the hood. The hood earns the county Saturday to increase accessibility thoroughly voting. And of course they made sure that they have that one place as far away from the dark neighborhoods as they possibly could. A Jacksonville city attorney has said it's too late to open new sites even though the city council's committed more money to the idea. With the half of it in voters do well as the state's most populous county with only one site. Only one location far far away from you dark folks up there. For voters in Palm Beach County. Well, how do you like that? So nine of the 14 early voting search already are having service. That a good sign. Yeah. Lovely. Excellent. Okay, let's get back to 70's calls 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 and the Verizon singular wireless line WQA M hello. Back at you WQA M hello. All right. Yes, sir. Yeah, it's Neil's buddy in Toronto. Yeah. Yeah. Neil. Neil. Are you in Toronto? Yeah. Well, listen, Neil. What happened to you? You did the last night's edition on CBC the world according to bush. Oh, nice for getting all about that. Oh, boy. I figured you'd have a doozy for your for your audience this morning. So got it to talk talk about an agenda by the cable Nazi network. Mm-hmm. Oh, it's quite interesting. So we missed you here. Happy that you're back on board. And George did a great job while you were away. Yes, he did. He was sensationalized. We in fact, I'm thinking he was so good last week. Another shot this week would be good. Why do you need them to be a vacation map after a after a 21 year. You're a month. You have a score in the night. You're done. You're done. Well, you're in Toronto. Of course. Oh, okay. You're putting up a bit of a slaughter for what a bunch of mug ones. So do how long to be there. Uh, there you go. Now, now I hear that I'm on the air. Okay. Great. So Neil, you have yourself a good day. Nice to your back. Okay. Take it as the eight. Take it as the eight. Okay. And I'll drop a quarter in your account. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT and the Verizon and singular world as lines like I just said. W, W, M, hello. Q, M. John Kerry, election headquarters. Not there. Q, M, hello. Hey Neil, I'm a dentist Miller. Oh, I love it. Excellent. There you go. Tony's the understated with the century. Yeah, he switched big time. Okay. Thanks. I switched big time. And I was talking about Mr. Dredrigan. Wow. So many phones and so little time. That's our pull question today. We've had a good way from it because I'm all whipped up into a frenzy here. What well known person do you think is the biggest phony? Rush Limbaugh 138. Big fat turd. Villa Raleigh's got the 37 second place. Kathy Lee Gifford 20. Hate that bitch. Jimmy swagger 15. Miss Mac Rush, he's got 13. The Pope 12 and Col. 10. Lynn Cheney's got six and Antigraise's only got one. And I'm not that we like her, but she's small that it is. In this crowd, nobody watches court TV. Come to Q, M, hello. Well, yes, sir. You know, I'm curious. You said, oh, yes, on four. And I initially felt the same way too, but just wonder how you feel about us from the other perspective. I know you're a dog lover. And, you know, that's the dog track to know. To be somewhat a serious sir sir. Some woman call me a few weeks ago with his crap. Let me say it again. If they want to, if they want to eliminate Greyhound racing, they can work on doing that. Okay. I don't know. You know, I they have a point. I understand what they're talking about. But why do we want to punish first of all the kids in the education system to state? Why do we want to punish the all the other pair of mutuals? Because there are people opposed to the dog tracks. That's a pretty stupid. You know, voting against this isn't going to close down the dog tracks. That's a good point. Do you think that our people really still going to the dog tracks and masks? Is this a definitely going to bring them back? Let me ask you this. If you had a chance of going like, let's say, do we either pop in a park or a call or a ghost or a place like that or going to one of the dog tracks? Where would you go? If you want to go to play the slots? You know, it's tough. Because it's all of you. It's really. But I get the wrong decision. In addition to which this game doesn't even exist anymore. So how many dog tracks are we talking about? You're talking about Flagler and Palm Beach Calcabre's only a couple of anyway. True. Oh, yes, pali. Don't forget. Prop 4, vote yes. I'm not going to go through all the song. Yes, about that again. That's just the dog. Yeah, I am a dog lover. Okay. I do understand the people about the breeding of the Greyhound and all that other stuff I've talked about it. The producer. Huh? It's a different issue. It's like a pet a people with the same hair every time any issue comes along. They bring in that whole bunch of crap too. I'm surprised they're not on a bad wagon on this. They are. Dominic, you speak in Bond a bad wagon, Kelly. He's on a wagon. He's on a wagon. He's on a night at Smoky Boan, seven o'clock. He makes an appearance like Monday and Wednesday and every once in a while. Jim Sarny, so that Kelly wouldn't be forgotten. Right, uh, last Friday. Did you talk about this? No. You didn't just that one line. He says Thursday night was supposed to be open in night for the Panthers. Remember them? The Panthers? No. The Philadelphia Flyers were coming to town. Steve Goldstein was scheduled to call us first talking game for WQAM. Instead of being at the Orphus Depot Centerrun Thursday, Goldie was at the Orange Bull during the hurricane's pre-game show as the hurricane's once again escaped to feed at the hands of another girls team. Well, it's just amazing how they keep stepping off the hook. Isn't it Josh? Louisville was ranked. Did I had a hit there rank? You put too many letters at the end of that. There rank. Another very marginal team at best. The ghost of Howard Schmellie burger hangs over Louisville. And anyway, the NHLC and how about those dolphins? All right. How did everybody get me perfect? The Patriots are perfect. The Jets are far apart, which is amazing. The Eagles are perfect. And the dolphins are perfect. Oh. The NHLC, well, I've got to do the break. I'll get back to the same area. Oh, I've got so many breaks. Huh? We got a lot of breaks. We got some business on the log here. Why is what I get it done? Oh, that thing this morning. I could write a book just about that five minutes. Or whatever it took ten minutes. I could write a book about it. Muff. Stan Allowale, okay. You silly person you. Four minutes till noon at five, 60 WQAM. You heard me talk about dry concepts on the show for over 20 years. And nothing has changed. Because when it comes to having your carpet furniture, bravely clean, the only people you need to be thinking about is dry concepts. I've been using them in my home for over 20 years, too. Let's face it. Your carpet is just bad as your sink when it comes to collecting germs. There's a lot of schwits in there, even if you don't know what that means. So called dry concepts today, and have them sanitize your home. They've about certified technicians. You can trust. They'll dry clean your carpet. Same idea is directly near your clothing and the stains go away and don't come back. Now beware those 595 room scams because I guarantee you. No rip offs when you do business with dry concepts. They give you a written guaranteed price before they start the job. And dry concepts uses a rapid drying technique. So your carpets are drying just an hour and a half. You really can clean today and entertain tonight. So whether it's your carpeting, your area, your rug's your area, or rug's your drape, or all of these things. These are the folks you want to trust. In they'd roud and pomege column tool free at 1-800-248-5071. On a web at straconsips.com, or column at 1-800-248-5071. Braconsips making carpets clean in South Florida since 1979. You're listening to Neil Roger Hitz, exclusively on my 16th. This is Dick Cheney. I like to relax by having Mary Magdalene, massage my balls while listening to the Neil Roger's 12th one hour. Hey. Mary can girls. And Mary can God. Who only listen to the message from the Uber ride? Will have their tables all fly? As the troops come home dead, they find the comfort of the night. I'd nunder the bed. I'd never served in Armit, hop to a freight of five. So I sit right here near the TV far from the rural glass. Under their tubers, you'll discover. I'm a big fish, you know what? Prepare to have some mother do the fighting for me. Now this country I love is hockey pine, I rack. And all the suckers like me, whose nicks are bred in the pack. Have our tongues all placed firmly. In bushes big brown eyes. The big mouth-cowers of the world who gladly follow fly. Hey Uncle Sam, I'll do a great. To fight or enlist, put you can count on me to watch TV and shake my fist. And my flag will fly from the back of my truck. Knock it in the attic, shoot a patriotic. I'll knock a knife. And my view of the food ride world is what I see on Fox News. Yeah, I'm an art heirloir. You know it's better than you. Yeah, I'm a real good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. I'm an in-bred jerk. Who parrots anything they say? Don't have a reader research. It's so much easier this way. To watch TV or looking pictures. In U.S.A. today. With my- I made disobeyment. As I jiggle my brain. And Uncle Sam, I'll do a great. To fight or enlist, put you can count on me to watch TV and shake my fist. As I throw my slime. So I can pull on my butt. The longer my spit proud they show the slots that could have killed on my butt. That's not right. The sawdies are our best friends in the world. Not those Iraqis or Jews. Oh, they're the long-share warriors. They know better than you. What the fuck? I thought the crap was gone. You're a fucking liar. I'm just a fucking bitch. I'm just a fucking bitch. Anyway, it's the 204-5-60 WDQA. Here's a couple of good passes. For a poll today, biggest full of eight-fill-hundred. Are you sure? I didn't like that. Plains to be a Democrat, right? But it says in the facts, sure. Also speaking of filth, how about Dr. Fil, right? Right. Absolutely. Good choice. He might-I think he might be the winner. He might-edget to pill-pop and rush. We'll see. Both on or please. They love rush. Well, maybe you've got some in Europe back pocket there, huh? If you don't, I know somebody that pill-due you probably does. Anyway, Miss Sarny says that the essential Friday, the NHL season is on ice and the hockey broadcast booth is dark. Not too many of the voters are going to be allowed to be dark, but the hockey booth is the broadcast booth is dark. It's more disappointing than anything said guilty, who was named to succeed. The legendary Jigsme Donald, who retired at the end of last season. But I'm still confident that there will be hockey this season said guilty. I don't think the players might have given away a whole season, and no the league needs an economic change. Right. Goldie remains busy working for the Panthers and doing talk shows at WQM, where he could be heard Monday and Wednesday nights and Saturday mornings. Goldie boasts a line-up that needs as many familiar voices as it can get in its battle with ESPN radio waxes 790 AM. How do you like that? That's what Miss Sarny says. Y'all these says I'm enjoying doing the shows by myself, who is that this is one of the great paragraphs in the history of broadcast journalism. I enjoy doing the shows by myself said Goldstein was teamed with Howard David and a poorly conceived morning show. Absolutely. Before Howard Stern vanished, aim sports at WQM. You get the real die-hard fans at night, they're more knowledgeable than the casual fans of covering the morning, they talk about anything. Right. Let's see, here's a fact that goes on from Carol, welcome back and Howard to go off the U.S. 10 no chance. He's only going to be on another 15 months anyway. And then the whole thing's going to blow up in great space again. Like it always does. Well, nice try one more time. Try to put those pieces of the puzzle back together again. Anyway, here's a thing an article about without a doubt. Oh, Madonna and J. Lo for the pull, both of them. Eight. Let's see, if you haven't read it, read it and link it in your website. Ron Susskine called without a doubt, New York Times October 17, which would have been the yesterday. Last time I checked. Your website won't come up on MSN. I'm a dealer this year. So stuck with listing out of way today's anyone else reported this is a problem. Get your cracker jack staff working on it if so. Our website won't come up on MSN. What's that all about? I don't know. MSN is kind of in the city. It's Microsoft's own. Right. I know what it is. Well, I don't like it. I don't like it. At any rate, that's what she says. Of course, you don't facts me the article. So I don't have it. I don't have the article. Oh, she said she wasn't going to fix it, which we thank her for that. Oh, because it's too long. Well, if I have time, I can't do it in the middle of the show. She reminds me of my financial grad that keeps emailing me in the middle of my show. I can be like, drop everything in email him and call him about nothing just to say, oh, I got this. I got that. I got tourists. What I got. Baby, I work for Q.A.M. That's what I got. I got tourists. Anyway, would you please discuss amendment three on a floor to bow to the performance or doctors and opponents or lawyers? I don't know which group of professional parasites these and liars to believe things. I don't even know what that says. How am I going to discuss it? I don't know what it's all about. Do you? No. Proposition three? Oh, the medical thing. Yeah, I know what it's about. I was that about limit. That's about limiting lawsuits. Right lawsuits. Now practice suits. So no. Vote absolutely no on that. Okay. As much as we dislike lawyers, we dislike butcher doctors a thousand times more because most lawyers aren't hazardous to your health. There hazardous to your pocketbook, but there not hazardous to your health. As opposed to the butcher doctors, which is about I would say 90% of the people call themselves doctors in South Florida. They want to put yours. Put yours. Like it settlement for any time they can. Right. That's right. Here's a check for a grand. There you go. Shut up. And by the way, how's what's your name going with a tube and a rob and everything? To be what? To be what? To be what? In four miles today, Edward's accuses bush of explicit and when you're off for five days like that, you've got so much to catch up on. See, that's like a little subliminal thing to do to reach the hines, carry a thing. A little thing. There for the carry campaign. It's subliminal. The opinion about the debates. A lot of them didn't watch if they watched. They didn't pay a great deal of attention. They didn't really make up their minds. And among those people, the constituency, which really wasn't moved one way or the other by the debates, bush has a two to one lead. My guess is these are people who are making up their mind very late as the campaign draws to a close. And it appears that again, the terrorism issue is the foremost issue for those brothers. Right. That's why he's doing such a great job. Like I said, I against biochemical attacks. We can't even take care of the people in the country who need their influenza shots. Their flu shots. And this guy is going to protect you against a biological or chemical attack. Who would have had a you kid in man talk about stupid? And you know, I was even pondering this in my mind for several weeks and I haven't said it on the year. But I really believe this. Although they might still pull out that October surprise sometime the next two weeks. And say, hey, guess what? We just got Osama. Here he is. And meantime, they might have had him locked away for like months for all we know. I don't think they want to get him. No, I don't. I think there's a deal between Bush and right off the back. There was a deal between Bush and the Saudis that we don't want to get him. So, you know, carry in Edwards keep bringing up about we had him courted in the mountains of Torabora. And we did this. We, we, uh, outsourced the jobs of the warlords instead of using our best military to go get him. I don't think they want to get him. Capit? I understand. Because that would be bad for business. Show now. Anyway, Senator John Edwards accused President Bush today of exploiting a national tragedy for personal crime in a blistering speech in Ford Myers preceding Bush's own address about terrorism in the state in the shadow of the 911 attacks. George Bush today is making one last stand to Connever, and people in the believing that he's the only one who can fight when the war in terrorism. Edward said, John Kerry defended the script as your man. He'll defend the country as president of the West, which we've heard that how many times this week. I've heard him, man. On a day that promised to be dominated by talk of terrorism in North Carolina, Senator Sarkt and put Bush on the defensive as the president hit into what is AIDS called a major speech on terrorism and southern New Jersey. Edward speaking of the C-side park in his battleground state argued that Bush claims steady leadership but offers a steady stream of failure. He accused the president of creating a new haven for terrorists and the sale of him for failing to capture the match of mine of the attacks. They just aforementioned Osama, Yamamabin Laden. He'll fail in the war against terrorism because he doesn't know how to leave it, word said of Bush. Accusing the president of using scare tactics, Edward's charge, George Bush's playing on people's deepest fears, exploiting the national tragedy for personal gainings, the lowest kind of politics. Oh, here's another good one, Fony. This is an excellent choice for our pool of condolisa. Let's play the original one today. That would solve a lot of problems. Right? Yeah. That would eliminate all of this bickering back and forth between two overgrown children, word me in the middle. It says that we'd like to nominate condolisa's the biggest phony around her credentials, our celebratory at best. She's possibly the biggest token ever. She has absolutely no credibility. Take into consideration that her greatest ambitions to one day become commission of the national football league. What's she's been acting at her teeth face first? I'll tell you that right now. Get to bitch. Oh, that stock derives. Ninger, that stock derives. Oh, sorry. What did I just get you said about doctors? Okay. What well known person you think is the biggest phony. We got a few votes. What do we got? 320. Bryce Lumball, 170, 2. Bill O'Reilly, 44. Kathy Lee, give her 27. Jimmy Swagger, 22. The Pope, 17. Missed Roger 15 and Colored 12. Linchini's got seven. Dennis Miller's got two. Dr. Phil I, Nancy Grace's got one. And the other ones so far got the big O'Reilly. Condolisa just went on there. J. Loma Donna. I've got the big. Oh, you want to know why? Why? Small theaters. Rows, church, church, we'll Rogers mornings in Mijit. They ask for sports around the clock to find us. Two, a year. Only on the banana republic baby. Only in Miami. Right now on XSL. George, the new kitty Kelly book. He makes you and your family would have you read a check? Uh, we, we, we, we, we, we are. Oh, that's right. I'm going to play that at a million times. 12 16 at 5 16 WKM. You can't read. And they're there. A book, a book, a book, a book, a book. Red, a book, a rest. Explosive actions. You know, Bill, you should really learn how to read. Basically. I can't learn. You know, so this is a Billy, you should learn how to read. Yeah. No, so a little slip there at the end. What else? That all about? How to play it again. 12 sick. I am going to play that at a million times. 12 16 at 5 16 WKM. We got the mad dog at two. I'm sure I'll be waxing and Tuesday. I asked you about that great dog in game yesterday. Oh, right. I'm Buffalo. My last point. I was pathetic. That was tragic. God. And then we got the Humphorid for it. Jodie. Who's going to let publicity from his book. Uh, but, but, but, but he, Jim Serny. It's seven o'clock at Smokey Boats tonight. Any K attend tonight. We'll be talking about the dog track. And he's probably the last guy in town that talks about the, the, uh, highlight and the dog track, right? Right. How many people go there now? Those places. About 30 men. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the Verizon and singular wireless lines. WQA and hello. QA in. One guess. Guess what also was speaking of a Miss Little Miss Muffet. I had an email on Friday from Little Miss Muffet. Guess about what? I don't know. See Spain wanted to come in. Oh, yeah. Yeah. That's ready. Let's get to the bottom. Yeah. I'll take the show and listen to the calls. And hear the, uh, I said, here's the short answer. No. No. Which London didn't understand? The enter the. No. Huh? Oh. Right. No chance. WQA in. Hello. Hey, Neil. I got a two-fold. Yeah. Uh, Junior Sayos. This team is, uh, for some kind of mention. Ha ha ha. Go. I'll be putting Junior on there for Cranau. He's playing well. Hey, man. Zach Thomas and Jason Taylor play in well. The right to the team. So get the money, Junior. Yeah. Junior Sayos. Get out of here, will you? How's that one study? We're coming along. Is that, is good as the road map? It's the one study or a ride. The one study error. Ha ha ha. I'm not bad. There's your article for tomorrow. Dave Hide. WQA. Hello. What are you poll Larry King? Oh, I like that. A lot. Thank you so much. Uh-huh. So how much of this article do you want? Because Carol, I don't want any of all great ten pages. How many? How could I do that? 11 pages enough. But if you send me the for just any the first page, and then I can look it up. It's in yesterday's times, right? Yes. I can look it up and I can peruse it and I can we can link it. It's on the top. We can stick it. 5 6 7 0 5 60. The most the biggest phony on a face of the globe. That's our poll question. They rush. I don't know. I think Dr. Phil may catch him though. You might be surprised. He's going to make a big movement. No more. No speed. W ne domestic U.A. Hello. To Jim sigh. He's rolled out. That's of motion. Why a slide up? What Jim Shawney wrote. That's not a good sign. Yes. Superculture. We're violence. older than the other the other yes sir okay good what's really more aggravating than listening to the people talk about the poll and everything else is hearing people around you I got a guy of words from the university of mami graduate a lot of the so-called things that are for bush because he's easy to contradict that's great that makes a lot of sense yeah yeah well it's a duem graduate what do you expect oh well that speaks for itself and uh... more how are they was pretty good the other day too he was just about kissing uh... want to say he liked them so much so much what do you think about the power are you serious how do you like that i can't believe that did he say that was he sucking up to the one state where he's going to like once that uh... how are the jets fan on that's right and who could do better for the jets than the day wants to hey they're not full of anybody okay you're useless your hopeless your pathetic you're tragic you an embarrassment you're merely your team blows okay they couldn't be the girls team and it goes to show you how desperate that came was yesterday you noticed you're on the boat teams had four i mean first and go on a one-year yeah anybody had a win and uh... somebody had a win but neither team could stick it in the end zone from first and go on a one-yard line and either team could stick it in there that's a lot of that if you can't stick it in there man you just uh... well what can i say not much anymore ronsus guys so here's that article share it with your first paragraph please bruise part because you only send me to first page so it would like to go off anyway at the teaser bruise part of the missing policy advice at around a regular treasury official for the first president bush told me recently that if bush winds there will be a civil war in the republican party starting on November 3rd that conflict is barlet season essentially the same as the one region across much of the world a battle between modernist and fundamentalist pragmatist and two believers reason and religion just in the past few months barlet said i think a light is gone off for people of spend time up close to bush that this instinct is always talking about is this sort of weird messianic idea of what he thinks god is told him to do barlet a 53-year-old colonist and subdescribe libertarian republican who's lately been a champion for traditional republicans concert about bush's governance went on to say this is why George w bush is so clear right about al cada and the Islamic fundamentalist enemy he believes he have to kill them all they can't be persuaded they were extremist driven by a dark vision he understands them because he's just like them oh it's bigger than that that's all going to be that oh i want more check out uh-huh i want more that no no listen okay you notice how alzark how he now has joined up over the weekend uh-huh he now he's become one of them now he's alcada sure he was his own lunatic before and he's the one responsible for the kidnappings and the beheadings but now all of a sudden he's without kind of because uh... were against him so he's against us people who are enemies are now getting together right against us that's right so other words if uh... were somebody else's enemy they were going to be everybody's enemy because either you're with us are against us and come to find out we got all these people against this what a surprise well guess what in a break with relation they tap a tribune a republican standard bearer for decades the tap a tribune refused yesterday to endorse either candidate for president for the first time since nineteen sixty four when they told very gold water get lost remember that i do i do you know the tribune became the second c o p o e a d a little block in endorsing the republican and come at the whenston salum journal also refused when doors either candidate the tribune solidly reported everywhere public in presidential nominees in fifty two except for gold water but with how that's endorsement this year calling the decision achingly difficult and blaming shortcomings of both candidates enters instead public in unusual full page editorial with harsh criticism of the war and rack and president bushes economic policies president bush told us that he was a united out of the body or shortly after taking office his administration took a sharp right turn that's divided this country the editorial said the newspaper said it was deeply the meal yes sir being in the advertising and the marketing thing i really enjoyed the great re-show of the last few years it's really been fun to uh... the listen to him uh... do whatever he does there i want as you think uh... you know the morning i will finish out of contract with the people the end of the book a month for a while before i mentioned that the judge this morning because there's a lot of stuff i've been reading when i was on vacation last week i've been reading uh... tons of stuff about possibilities and affinity might want to cut you know kind of cut him loose because all he'd i mean i don't listen to a show but all he'd there's no way there's no way out of that for them i think that they know in situation in order actually only thing in doing this right up for him by putting them off the air and hopefully lose this and ship you know before i go out to ask you something you play the uh... mo for the other stations you played it a while ago when he first did it i think i'm working out really enjoyed out okay i'll find a thing now and i was we're not a little bit i don't know something we remember we had to think that that's right we had to get rid of we were uh... required not requested we were required to remove that from the cs lm haven't i thought i was funny is how sure absolutely but these people are everything is up tied whatever mood this one is in the day and the most side of the bed this one got up on and who was on the other side of it at the time all of a sudden will crack like i said we work for a bunch of emotional cripples for much of a little crazy people and i tend to be here every day when i'm supposed to be just like clockwork collect those checks and that's it for the next two years and two months and and that's it baby i i must i must have been a crazy person i must have been losing my mind to think that i want to subject myself to these not not jobs for another two years who don't need it if this audience if i i'm not going to take the time it's two personal i'm not going to board with all the details but if you had any idea of the way these people can do business and i do mean monkey business you just take your head and say this is that this is a business this is a place of business no because this station isn't about you people it's not about our sponsors it's not about even making money this station is all about Greg that that's all that's all about there's nothing else that counts how he feels today what kind of a moody's in is he pissed off as he taken his wrong way did he like the tone of this show or that show that that's what it's all about and quite frankly who it'll need that and then of course he's got his buffers he's got the intermediaries he's got the people the messenger boy and the messenger girl the water not see all these other silly people all up pass on it twenty seven pass known as five sixty wqm he don't pass on great shoes and uh... deals at brandy's in pombotopech because for a long long time now brandy's has been legendary when comes to fit in the up with a best in branding shoes at unbeatable prices to and top quality service affected brandy's they may be recognized by the smoleer feet all the top quality names and a business are waiting for you like rock ports florish on s a s spirit timber naturalizer and all the others too and people generally by several perennies visits because they can save so much cash brandy's open daily Monday through Saturday from nine in the am till nine p.m. every Sunday 10 to five and you'll find brandy's at twelve ninety north federal highway in pompotopech it's always worth a trip from anywhere you might be and right now it's a great time to get a great deal at brandy's because this week take fifty percent off on all red tag men's and women's famous brands throughout the store fifty percent so come in or visit our website brandy's shoes dot com you can't be them with a story you're a new rushers exclusive one day we're nelson did you know we come from a show that's family nothing one gunner milson were the children of rickie milson a fifty's rock and roll star who himself was a son of a famous TV father ahzie don't feel the cop and go not Aussie Osborn who does our freaking research around here sorry the thing about being twins is that we have the second sense of what the others feeling and when we had a his song we both had this front edition that very soon we would go right into the toilet and never be heard from again man twins share so much like really sucking it's a big juicy shopping what look at show business tonight on inside the mind property to not back in the day might have had some response for that but i guess we probably better not anyway here's a facts from chip who says looking at the results you're pull i think people generally don't get what a phony is we better understand the enemy who expect to win this war slash election a propaganda dislike limbo is no phony he really believes all the bullshit he's used on the air every day and there are many just like him that should put the fear of god or whatever you believe in in you just think and culture that bitch or shan Hannity how come he's not on the pool he is no oh the real phony on your list is that two face son of a bitch Dennis Miller's chip what do you really think chip man just come down a little bit okay two weeks from the barz the election we got the voting going on the early voting and floored at the day and the computers are all screwed up and they're having all kinds of problems and it's uh nightmare anybody really think their vote is going to count no i'll give it a shot anyway like i've told you before vote several times just to make sure that one of my kid counted right right wrote it vote early vote absentee and then show up on the second right early and often if you're for carry if your bush day home he's got a lay you know look at the porous man he's got to lock that anyway on your bush people this day you don't go to church just probably your rosary beads in your bibles in the auditoria crucifix all that crap the national security adviser under the birth president of bush says the current president of active contemptuously toward NATO and Europe after 9-11 and is trying to cooperate now out of desperation to rescue a failing venture in Iraq and Afghanistan. Brands go crop to mention to the current national security adviser condolese the rise that's doctor rice also said in every published in England and bush is in northernly influenced by Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sauron. Oh hey sharon just has to interact around his little fingers go crop to London's financial times i think the president is mesmerized maybe he's bringing in some good deli. Skull crops said the bush administration's unilateralist position was probably responsible for the post 9-11 decline of the transatlantic relationship it's in general bad he said not really hostile but there's an edge to it. Early on he said we'd gotten contentious of Europeans in the weaknesses we had really turned unilateral although slightly diminished since then unilateralist policies remained fundamentally little chainsco crops said recent overtures to cooperate in Afghanistan and Iraq with the UN and NATO is as much of an act of desperation as anything else to rescue a failing venture. On Israel and Sharon the former security adviser said Sharon calls bush after strongly retaliating for a Palestinian suicide attack and says I'm on the front line of terrorism and the president says yes you are. Skull crops said Sharon has been nothing but trouble of big fat pile of right wing trouble and he is. I'm so weak of the correct. No. Say computer calls and I want to give them endorsements. Okay. I'm going to read them. Good. The Harold endorses carry. The Sun's sent al endorses carry. The Atlanta Journal Constitution I'm not going to read that one but the endorsed carry. The Palm Beach Post endorsed John Kerry and even the Tampa Tribune didn't endorse anybody and had a skating renunciation of the four years of the bush monster under a paper over the weekend. The Tampa Tribune as right wing as it gets the Chicago Tribune in course in North because what do you expect and along with a couple of other fascist newspapers? Who do you think the New York Post is going to win Dorian? That's a tough one. All right. This is a goofball. Maybe you should be proud of it. Like president Bush's proud of your conservative. Now they're right wing self-hatings far too. They're man unbelievable. Anyway, let's take some calls. WQAM. Hello. QAM. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, is it me? Sounds like me. Hey, how are you doing? Good. How come they want that's not on the call? You have a funny code, right? WQAM. Hello. QAM. Yes, Neil? Yes, sir. They are great because they have you back. I got one for you. Paul. Yes, sir. Go ahead. And that would be Tucker Carlson. Oh, I love it. He's an idiot. You know who we're at. John's story from the Daily Show. Did you see about that or see the clips of it? I've been seeing not about that one, but I can cross fire Friday. He ripped him and Paul Vigalan as was great. Send a show as nothing but show business and it's phony and it's much of crap in the kiss everybody's ass. It was fantastic. Just about slipped his bow tie right off Tucker Carlson. So put him on here. Okay. Peace of crap. Peace of turd. It's been good lately. That Daily Show. I'm going to say cross. Oh, no, no, no. I mean, we were losing. I never used to likes a Daily Show. Because some really bad Schmidt until this political thing. Let's see. Here's one for the poll. George W. Now he's not following. He's exactly what you see. We're not putting him on there. He's exactly what you see is what you get. Well, they invented that expression what you see is what you get. They must have had him in mind. It juicy or maybe they had the thing in mind. Do you want to QAM? Hello. To I am. Yeah, I got a poll for your. I got a nominee for your poll. Yeah. You put that before. Yes, I am. How are you? Povic. Morey Povic. Oh, yeah. Murray Murray. Okay, Murray Povic. Okay, you got a man. Murray Povic. I wonder if he's kind of Murray decay or maybe a bribery. Oh, he'll switch like that. There's folks whenever there's folks in Bramory. Yes, you don't speak like that. Okay. Morey Povic. You're right about that. But the crippled children. Yeah. Well, and then now is that just before he does the show with the dwarfs? Oh, that's a cute way. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Okay. I got a Wayne Ranks thing to for you, Paul. Wayne High knees and go. Yeah. And then how come, how come it's nobody has been fired yet. Aren't you amazed that nobody in the organization got in can yet? Well, I'll tell you what. You know, it's a good thing when a fish came. It's a good thing that the dolphins have had a rock, saw it drabs in the last couple of years. Good. Watch it. Great. Yeah. It's great. That's right. I got a shot man. Okay, you got a pat. Wayne High is in good. Got him. Got a phony. Although he was a phony for a while. I think today he stopped being phony was in 97 after the Marlins won the World Series for the first time and he said, oh, I don't care about the fans. I'm in it for the money. Remember that? You're right. You're going to break on the team and you got to build me a stadium and you got to do this and got to go out of Got to go out of got to and show the show to show to show her. And at many times go to hell Wayne. Okay. We don't like you. We can't stand you. And what you're putting on the field there where we Sunday man is an embarrassment. It's humiliating and the grading. It's perfect. Oh Perfect crap is what it is. Kind of like our governor and our president. Perfect crap. Well, that's that. Ask governor man. He really frost my ass. You know it. But let me say it again since it is early voting in Florida and there are people voting right now as I speak. The people of Florida put his ass in there again and the rest of them too So stop and think about that. That's if convinced you be on a shadow of a doubt. Puzzle is early evoting irregularities that you ought to be voting 40 50 at least 60 times The end game and he hits the hole right after jumped the open to them. Oh, yeah ESPN gay Cowboys Vikings Packers you'll get them all on ESPN gay. He's gonna fire into his guy right here. He will go sweat You push your push your poor smell the passion You just wrote him backwards before you write on the fact this ain't some make-over show on Bravo It's the NFL on ESPN gay and then everyone's kind of flopping around down there and what's the groan And you know you get what the stuff fly in Black fire ESPN gay where there's never a wardrobe malfunction. I don't know where that one came from some days will never be the same That would be a last shot out of the Roman candle call your cable operator now and the man VTSP Again 45 and five 60 WQ. I think I'm getting a sore throat. Oh, no. How do you like that? That's how promising no no 465. Oh, it's well well known first. You think is the biggest phony we asked today Rush Limb. Oh 220 nobody's gonna touch Russian. What a horrible thought that is anyway Bill O'Reilly 56 Jimmy swagger 35 Kathy Lee Gifford 31 the Pope Scott 20 alter boys Dr. Phil 19 misdrade 16 and quarter 13 Condolese is moving up past. He's got 11 that's Dr. Rice J. L. O'Nein Dennis Miller nine lynch 88 Madonna's got seven Phil Henry's got six He just went on her a little bit ago. He's already started a climb Larry King two Wayne Heizigas got one Sean Hannity one Nancy Grace one and Marma Murray-Pobbage And texture Carlson went on just they have the very they don't have it. Yeah, they will Slayway the Ron Susskind article without a doubt from yesterday's New York Times magazine which is why it was It's an airs hands a bad So it'll be on our website sometime very soon. I'm sure I'm sure any moment now Because it's a kind of thing Eric does to make any of us talk about a little bit make it seem like he's right on top of things, right? Byron William Wright's bogus pools mask landslide and amaking off this were only true Was on our website this weekend He says conventional wisdom suggests as use presidential election will be close Practically every pool taken as the race within the margin of error at the risk of looking like a fool He says I'm prepared to respectfully disagree with conventional wisdom to offer the following Contrary and perspective this election will not be close Before you sit down to your computer to begin your Williams have you lost your mind rant hear me out I've reached this conclusion for two reasons my first reason is shaped by what the polls can't see When I was in Philadelphia last week to Philadelphia and Quarranister in local section that had rest increased voter registration The final day of registration in Pennsylvania and New Jersey last week brought huge crowds to registration offices As a September Philadelphia received total 19,000 applications for me their new voters are those who had moved or had been strict from the roles with some 60,000 applications arriving on a final day. It is possible to see these volume this year could break the record of 293 applications set in the tension film era race of 83 between Wilson good and Frank Wizzo This kind of increased voter registration is replicated in particular in a majority of the battleground states According to the New York Times voter registration campaigns and heavily democratic areas have added tens of Thousands of new voters to the roles and swing states of Ohio and Florida asserts that far exceeds the efforts of Republicans in both states The Analyzation by the times of county by county data shows that in democratic areas of Ohio especially low income and minority neighborhoods new registration since January versus 250% over the same period in 2000 In comparison New registration of a crease just 25% Republican areas a similar pattern is apparent in Florida In the strongest democratic areas the pace of new registration is 60% higher than four years ago while it's risen just 12% in the heaviest Republican areas Project votes is its register 147,000 new voters in Ohio Americans coming together said that together with the allied groups that are part of America votes its registered 300,000 new voters in New Mexico The secretary states office reports that since May voter registration is jumped from approximately 958,000 to a little more than a million possibly all new registrants Those younger than 30 Who are increasingly concerned about a potential draft or also registering and increased numbers these new registrants are not considered And most polling a growing number of young people use cell phones as their primary phone number This further dimension is the possibility that their support for either candidate would be reflected in the polling data They're the greatest unknown in the selection My second reason to fistwaves any parameters that when incumbent president seek reelection It's a referendum on the previous four years since 1932 11 incumbent presidents have sought reelection with a possible exception to 48 and 76 None of the races have even been close When we want to keep a president we keep him Roosevelt Eisenhower Johnson Nixon Reagan and Clinton are primary examples Likewise when we want him out he's out Hoover Carter in Bush 41 More and more this race is shaping up like 1980 that race day close until the last few weeks when voters found a comfort level Within challenge your Ronald Reagan that allowed them to house president Carter It's difficult for me to believe the race is closest to the polls indicate especially with that one will consider that 50 per six 56 percent the electorate feels the cut-recent in the wrong direction more over it's been 16 months and 50 percent felt we were hitting the right direction I don't believe we'll be in court discussing hanging dimpled or pregnant chairs on over 30 predictions Well, we can only pray for that right? I'll try to get it right on across our legs and Rubin together like a grasshopper and pre-like hell 567 0 560 pound 560 and he Verizon in singular wireless line WQAM hello greeting yes Watercoli enjoyed that Listen your poll I there's a glaring omission. I can't leave no insubention this Oh Yeah, we plastic super sillius crap right I mean I can't believe But back to your article that that says so much it's true with the cell phones and the do not call it and all that The pulling this year is almost worthless and I'm gonna be younger voters by the way 18 to 29 carries way down ahead Right, and you know again I'll say it any adult who has children who votes for Bush your children's blood is going to be on your hands Okay, man, in fact anybody that all of those for Bush are they got blood over dead Americans and Iraqis right now in their hands On the next Oprah you'll be shocked You'll be amazed you'll be talking about it for the next however long until she shocks you again Make sure wildest dreams come true today every one in the studio audience all 276 members get a brand new liver Tomorrow all 276 studio audience members get a brand new The next day all 276 members of the studio audience get a three-foot helper monkey All 276 audience members get a new prosthetic arm Oh Giving away great stuff she didn't have to pay for even though she could easily afford to and next season everybody in the studio audience gets How could we possibly forget Oprah yeah, thanks a lot, Pally a glimmering omission in our part when you said Prop 52 at five 60 WC away. I think I'm gonna come back. You want it a while. I'm drinking fresca. There you go You like fresca? It's all right, so the fruity side nobody buying it around here. I mean, it's there. Yeah, you're right. It's not easy to find Anyway, the Atlanta Journal Constitution in Atlanta, Georgia endorses John Kerry Right After running through many of Bush's shortcomings the newspaper said that carry off for the different kind of leadership One informed both by the candidates own interest in the world around him as well as the competent people he's surrounded himself with I'm not gonna read the whole thing as it goes on forever. It says Bush's show. He lacks flexibility competence while challenge your looks for policies that it will work What a what a novel concept I'm not gonna read that one but I will read these I'm a Harold The Harold recommends for US president yesterday October 17. I read this. I just about pooped in my pants The Harold Which is usually so busy all I think they endorsed gore in the 2000. I'm really sure I do believe Maybe you want to research that Okay I don't know I think they endorsed gore but then again I'm not sure This is what they said Saturday or yesterday forced to confront a surprise attack on a homeland three years ago president Bush wrote to the challenge He deserves credit for holding the nation together in a moment of great peril But the president who came to office as a compassionate conservative has often displayed a narrow partisan Our market system rewards efficiency and financial performance, but doesn't seem to reward growth in job creation Our government has failed to counteract that trend and as the world becomes more global and free trade-trade trade-sold This will become an evermore important issue for the US The debates have placed a spotlight on the skills and abilities of the two contenders with the president getting the worst of it And the three debate center to carry match to erase the cartoon image of himself painted by the Republican spin machine Mr. Kerry sensible approach to the budget or be to reinstit and pay as you go rules that require offsetting cuts or revenue to match new spending He would eliminate tax cuts in the highest brackets But it's in the international area that we believe senator Kerry can most effectively either country at this time The senators approach one of that a Mr. Bush's father Six to engage the world through diplomacy rather than place the US and a more competitive path that isolates us from traditional friends and allies Is 19 years on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee have given my experience on a national security in foreign affairs Including Latin America where a freight relationship needs attention He supports NAFTA and FTA and considers Miami the regionals keep an answer setter a Promise to support per-negotiate free trade agreement such as the pending Central America court in order to obtain a better Deal for dislocated workers is a practical approach that could get this stall plan through a hesitant Congress As with every president for half a century is real. It'll be an overriding foreign policy concern for the winner of the election President Bush has been an unstinting supporter of Prime Minister Erils serone, but unfortunately There's been little follow-up his own roadmap for peace following its rollout Mr. Kerry a long time friend of Israel has vowed to keep the White House engaged in an effort which he peace and security for the Jewish state and In-despensible ingredient for progress The next president will almost surely have to nominate new Supreme Court justice is Mr. Kerry's promised reward competence rather than ideologies reassuring In the debates Mr. Bush is also declared that he sees only judicial wisdom But his record of nominating controversial ideologically his stream judges for the federal courts has sparked divisive debate in the Senate and is unnecessarily narrow Quartarian for appointment On the basis of experience a strong campaign and command of issues that make this such a crucial election the Miami-Herald recommends John F. Kerry Your listenings with me or Rogers by A But heads it's the one to two hour Well, it's one two three the book but Kiddie Kelly by first and I can't say the swear it is the lines Many rumors fly always come out during campaign time Well, for five six the habit he has kicked his no longer a drug he gets labyrinth by other It's so true In his class So boring because we could kill him Kiddie Kelly Don't follow me You're defending President Overgap Kiddie Kelly's mean and John Kerry's not a he's a bad person Yes, that's what luncheine says She's reassessed she's having chance to reassess him and he's a bad man Because he said that their daughter's a die that's what they said that the daughter's a die for daughters been out for years now She's a good guy activist, but O. G John Kerry said it in John Edward said it too and once I said it Did Cheney said thank you for the fine kind of words about me and my family And So it was okay when John Edward said it was okay certainly when they said it that our daughter's a bull bike But when John Kerry said that Mary Cheney it was born that way she's whatever she is and then all of a sudden he's a bad man Because that's all they can do it. You know the the L word is liberal He's liberal that's all they can do they can't run in their own record because they're record an every aspect of it is a freaking disaster a disaster Five and four lottery alses how about Donald Trump or the list? Oh, okay You think he's a pony? I think he's what you see you know, but nevertheless we'll put him on a shirt right? Forty hair yeah, they're well they had hair Gregory and Carl Springs is all them are credit he voted nice going Greg go vote again now. It's only one o'clock Although I was not have two happy with Betty Castro. Yeah, but he makes a hell of an oil baby But I voted her anyway try to break through a public and majority in the Senate vote for Betty Castro don't forget about that Yes, I'm prop four no one prop three and of course a Kerry and Castro This election is so important for our country in so many ways please please everyone out there now is not the time to be lazy Just might slip up and account one of your votes by accident also for our pulleys is a total psychotic I don't know if he can be termed a phony we're free to Michael Savage we can put him on here, but He was on MSNBC for how many minutes? I'm third in man Most people know who he is all on your right about him, but thanks Gregory thanks for the efforts thanks for the memories Who's moving up now anybody moving up the pool? I don't want to keep reading the deficit To the east side Dr. fellas moving up he's got 23 votes you see what we gave rush that's a big head start Then this mill is got 11. Well we'll see how it all lays out by tomorrow, right? Right, these are just the early returns the Gallup people by the way will make sure that rush drops down a few notches WQAM hello Hello, yes, sir. Yes, good afternoon It really cool, Liani who have made millions with a tragedy of the 911. Yes, and another old Jewish queen Mayor Eddie Carch. Oh, yeah, how do you like that piece of crap, huh? I don't like it and you I'm sure you don't like it It's not man you No, I don't I'm sure I need you and if you want to put anybody local the other mayor may or may you be now? We don't want to this No, but you think you Liani is it is a thing for that yeah absolutely I know about it's near on his face. Oh, nice day Yeah, the smurking X-Mayer Rudy Giuliani and who was the other my oh, Ed Carch spell are right now KOCH how do you pronounce that? Carch? What a self-hating faggot unbelievable Jews for Hitler thanks for David Duke that's what we're dealing with there. Let's be like a buddy of that bush Being a turncoat trader like I don't know what goes on with some of these people Man, well, what a disgrace in an investment in humiliation. I mean, it's so Miller from Georgia We're just a good old boy redneck. We understand we'd expect no different from that piece of cured but Ed Carch Man, I got news for you baby. Most of them bush people I like to put your ass in the ovens for a whole bunch of reasons just like mine Sun Sentinel presidential endorsement is this kind of long ago, Zana oh it too long but I'll just read this Let's see the little okay just read a little bit In the aftermath of nine eleven George W Bosch helped the United Nations as a wage war against del cate on Fortunately his obsession with Sodom was seen then caused him to lead the nation into an ill-conceived war in Iraq Is Eric got that article up yet by the way? Yes good I call an Eric like I said you're the best fat so So good to the website there's one more reason for you to read that article by Ron what was his name? Who's a who say and who say and who say Is there anybody more obnoxious than Keith overman on TV boy? He makes me want to see an and colder that's a great the way the way he folds the arms and that promo You're not sneer any stroin to paper talk about can tribe how many people are watching now Keith overman on MSNBC Man sitting you have wonder why what I'll pump his ass anyway That conflict meeting Iraq is caused more than a thousand American lives getting very close to 1100 by the way if you're keeping calm Then I've heard it resources from the fight against del cate and contributed to a hammering of red ink at the US Treasury the threatens Deconomic foundation of the nation in the process the bush administration's managed to squander international goodwill Build up by US presence in the NWW2 President Bush has failed the test of leadership the South Florida Sun sent letter to real board recommends voters on November two replace him with John Kerry The Massachusetts Senator possesses a prodigious intellect capable of grasping the complexities of the serious issues facing the nation in the world He's surrounded himself with the devices have equally sharp minds in proven track records including former US chief delegate to the U.N. Richard Holbrook and former Secretary of the Treasury Robert Rubin The United States must chart new and constructive courses in foreign and fiscal policy But this will happen only with more capable leadership than the Bush administration's able to provide and it goes on Point by point on Iraq on the deficit on the says the highest stated no child left behind how they blow net In fact, I'm gonna read that part Okay, well now because it's got some interesting crap It's as well we consider Iraq and fiscal policy to be the seen in issues in the campaign several others causes to be more comfortable with Kerry than with Bush Supreme court vacancies are likely to develop in the next four years and Kerry would be more inclined to nominate jurors to would Respect existing pressons like Roe v Wade for example Kerry understands the potential embryonic stem cell research his approach to what impose vigorous ethical standards But still enable a research to move forward and expand while Bush was on the right track with a no child left behind act A Kerry administration would be more likely to provide the funding that would enable it to be fully implemented the same applies to comprehensive medical insurance reform They need testable character assassination efforts aimed at both Bush and Kerry of obscure these not the issues in the campaign which is unfortunate Both men are patriots of high character of matured and change since the Vietnam era Political debate must focus on today's concerns and in these troubled times Americans must hold their present to the highest Standard of performance the nation simply can't afford misjudgments like those that lead to the Iraq Quagmire and Difficult so large they prevent the nation from adequately providing for its armed forces and resting homeland security needs and guarantee the Solvancy of Medicare and the social security The Bush administration is fallen short on the foreign policy and fiscal fronts now it's time for the citizens of the West to make a change and they are Surin management whoever you are in the editorial board Nice going Harold Sunstannel and land of general constitution And the Palm Beach post by time yes But it says go with carries agenda over misplaced priorities There are many reasons to declare George W. Bush a failed president. We friend the election in terms of why people should vote for John Kerry Senator Kerry would not rest the country into a war that harms the campaign against terrorism Strictions the military dangerously thin and divert attention from real nuclear threats in Iran and North Korea And instead he would refocus attention on al-Qaeda and try to reclaim the near worldwide sympathy goodwill and cooperation It flowed to this country after 9.11 and which president Bush squatted by invading Iraq As Senator Kerry has said the fight against terrorism is more about being than being resolute It's about being smart and making the right choices John Kerry would not allow unfair tax cuts and unchecked spending this well the deficit Threatening the nation's economy and passing on huge IOUs to younger Americans Unlike President Bush whose ideas for tax reform would shift the burden from wealthy Americans to working Americans by taxing wages on consumption more John Kerry would not allow the taxes and to punish the middle class Tax reform that Mr. Bush proposes would reward those who get stock dividends and urban institute study in 2000 showed that 3.8% of households get 50% of dividends John Kerry would not favor an energy policy who set her pieces drilling in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge Which contains at most a six months supply of oil He wouldn't allow his vice president to hold secret hearings with energy executives allow them to write a policy that pleases them But doesn't have the country then fight and court on the public's hand to keep the public from knowing what happened in those meetings John Kerry would not support an environmental policy that's named clear skies, but actually would be an industry-authored Pollution authorization bill He wouldn't ignore the problem of global warming until just before running for reelection He wouldn't dismiss science just because it contradicts his policies He wouldn't compile the worst environmental record of any modern president and steady would protect America's natural resources He would embrace new job creating technology that cleans deer and the water who would realize that self enforcement of environmental laws is an open Evolution invitation to pollute in Wednesday, Stairde Bay, it is in the first two John Kerry looked and sounded presidential While Mr. Bush looked confused Mr. Bush has spent so much time before hand-ficked audiences that he was puzzled when he threw out campaign applause lines and got silence back Senator Kerry displayed more command of issues and showed Americans that he isn't the campaign caricature drawn by the president's political henchman Issue by issue Senator Kerry laid out a better fairer more progressive agenda He would sure up social security not endanger Americans retirement by discussing a risky privatization scheme as part of an ownership society He would allow embryonic stem cell research not toward hope by yielding to a narrow ideology It would offer Americans the promise of health care that's available to members of Congress not the illusions of tax credits to buy insurance He would offer laid off an under-employed Americans training and the insurance that their taxes won't subsidize companies that move jobs abroad He would appoint Supreme Court justice who leave no political fingerprints on their ruling fingerprints on their rulings fingerprints After 9-11 only princes have President Bush had an opportunity to lead the world against the new threat of terrorism who is eloquent at the National Memorial Service and before Congress The Democrat controlled Senate quickly gave authorization to use force and Iraq before an airline screening created Department of Homeland Security Already though Mr. Bush was allowing a small group in the Pentagon to substitute its agenda for the nations even as planning began for invading Afghanistan Mr. Bush was looking past al-Qaeda's two-sautomus saying his administration politicized and delayed airline security and permits over the issue of other the workers would be unionized He opposed a Homeland Security Department until May of 2002 when he fit and supported as a distraction from testimony by an FBI agent about what the White House knew before 9-11 Then he used the Iraq resolution as political intimidation in the media elections ramming it through Congress with little debate To arrogance and ignorance the reckless ideologue who call himself a United or not a divider has divided the country against itself in the world against the country He is bullied not persuaded he's made America weaker not stronger desperately seeking re-election President Bush refuses to recognize the reality of Iraq offering such title to says freedom is on the march when the country wants a plan John Kerry is not in denial about Iraq or any other problems Mr. Bush will have left him unless the nation is in denial Senator Kerry will win on November 2nd anyone who has failed as badly as Mr. Bush does not deserve another chance That's the best of mom Palm Beach post. That's gone boy. That's great How stupid you have to be how low it is your IQ have to be not to see these things But good man if your IQ is 30 or less, I guess you're hoping for the bushmaster, okay, because you can relate to him Maybe we got to send them all to our right and have a good time there. Maybe beat some sense into these people You think no 113rd-560 WQM. Hey IRS tax problems have a way of ruining all the aspects of your life They take a tool on you financially physically and emotionally just like working at QAM You can never really forget about your IRS problems if they come back each morning when you wake up CPA Genie buck walled in the buck wall tax firm will help in your IRS promise forever and give you back piece of mind That's why other top CPA and law firms are further their clients to the buck wall tax firm when they have IRS problems So my not a void potential criminal prosecution get all on file tax returns prepared even if you lost on your records Suppose you have an IRS lien wadeslevy, open roll taxes and penalties Want to settle for thousands less than you owe need time to pay whatever it is the buck wall tax firm can help you out They offer you a free initial consultation a obligation affordable guaranteed fees immediate relief from IRS harassment and Best of all you never have to meet with the IRS the buck wall tax firm handles all the meetings and discussions So you don't even have to call 9-5-4 575-2800 that's nine five four five seven five What do you know 10,000 a million or whatever an IRS taxes the buck wall tax firm can help you call nine five four Five seven five twenty hundred today for your free consultation or visit him on the web at IRS Freedom dot com that's double your WW dot IRS Freedom dot com and stop worrying about the IRS knocking at that front door Call him today nine five four five seven five 2800 you're listening to me The Middle Eastern world Will be exploded to dominate people killed with the gas that we sold him first time a crescer nation and they only One that's going now more blood will be spilled to get that oil going Forget about Korea The North Dretoshi thunder right queen is drilling it over and over into our head That Iraq has some That lives of Translate 3,000 people killed. Our now-part gotten a little bit of an instant. Hey, there's oil to be caught. Going after Saddam too, playing Kato's sama, there's no longer mention of the name in Laudon, but no deceit can sern doll, humphly and complacent. Over the leaving every word of this cartel-in-ministration that controls us by fear through medium manipulation and a right wing is drilling it over and over and over to our heads. And I recognize some weapons of mass destruction. The loss of civil rights is the price that we're paying. We're all suspects now, not the ash-croft is saying. I have nothing to hide. Table-pockers all are sad. I know idiot Kato don't have any reservations. Out of provoked Babylon, world annihilation. Older shins must fall and have a virgin installed with no objection at all. Chimma crackstone at the hall, hand up. Right wing is drilling it over and over and over and over to our parade. I racked half stuff with the mass destruction. Only I racked half stuff with the mass destruction. Yeah, we'll find them. Without it that was happening. I know you'd much rather see more naked pictures, but we've already got a Fred Week van the hour-dewall whatever name is. From then on, then hog. Here's a good one for the poor. I love this fact. You got some good faches today, you know, and that's we have. These people must have got the good supply over the weekend. We're mucher. During her interviews on 60 minutes, all Leslie Stahl does is we act quizzically by turning her head slightly like a puppy will do when it hears a whistle. Thinking that the world believes he's reacting with serious doubt. And all the years I've watched, I've never seen her uncover a story of any kind, except she looks used for backhanding a bitch in the face. That is great. Leslie Stahl, let's get her ass on her. Okay, STAHA on their school for your, whatever your name is. Josh. So he kind of dropped down a couple of notches when he spelled swagger with a KM and S. I can see how people would think that it's swagger on a kind of, he can even spell out right either. Oh, it's speaking a religious stuff. I love this story, man. I think it was on our website over the weekend, to believe in if not the should have been. Well, I put all these stories on even. Even while George was doing a show last week, I was working over a hotboard process. Wait, I got a lot of stuff from that. Put all the stories on there. Well, I do good story. I don't always read him so well, but then I'm on a lot of stress today. Okay, wasn't that all stressed about 820 and then by 825 was really stressed out. I think that sounds like a lawsuit. Greg, it's a suit. It's a lawsuit. Greg. So our body suit. Yeah. It's better than the one Bush had with that big lump in the back. This side of the light receiver. Maybe it was a tumor, do you think? Anyway, Halloween on Sunday, troubles some southerners were back to that again because we got a Halloween. We need to come up in about 12 days 13. Oh, they ought to change the calendar. What do you mean by that so that they won't be offended because Halloween's on Sunday? Too bad. Noon and Joja. Oh, man. Very nothing like Joja. You know, Louisiana, Mississippi, Alabama. There's something. But I don't think they're ain't in Tennessee, of course. But they're ain't nothing like Joja. Like Connure, Georgia, and Aintree, and Plains, all of them places. Paint it. So the fact that the Atlanta urinal constitution endorsed John Kerry and rip-push and assnet, and it took a, that really says something. They're probably hot under the bed. Now, what's this facts first? It says from Scott, just a few things. What's up with WQM's webpage? I'm not able to get, uh, eddy case picks for the last two. Like we know something about QM's webpage? Oh, my God. Secondly, the Spanish language signal station under your signal is coming from Cuba. Due to sky wave propagation, the QM signal is tough to hear at night in Hollywood. Well, that time's promising. We got a crappy signal. We got, uh, Fiddell's got an evening in Watts station cranked up on there. And let's see. And third, I can close it. Oh, and I'm glad you reminded me this got. Thank you Mr. President for those low gas prices. We forgot to say that today. Right. It says I can't find a gallon of gas for less than two bucks anymore anywhere. And he says, thanks for the low gas prices. Nice gone, Scott. Nice come back there. Now, getting back to Newling, Georgia. Across this Bible Belt, this Halloween, some little ghost in goblins might get chewed away by the neighbors. Shoot, shoot. Remember that petty, that's the ever, shoo, shoo, shoo song? No, the shoo, shoo, shoo, song. Yeah, no, shoo, shoo. All right. And then it was all shoo, Steve. Also. And some youngsters will not allow to be going trick or treating it all because of how they this year falls on a Sunday. Oh, my God. That's right. It's a day for the good Lord, not for the devil said Barbara Braswell, who plans to send her four year old granddaughter, Melia, out trick or treating an apprentice costume on Saturday instead. What kind of a name is that, Melia? Huh? Don't know. Oh. Sometimes around the country, and how come her name is Barbara Braswell? Her daughter is, uh, I see. That's her first. Huh? That's where you're coming in here. Sometimes you're going to come to your disagree or decree rather than how, how do we be celebrated on Saturday? Well, Saturdays did you wish Sabbath baby until sundown? So, constantly, hoist, how do you like that? To avoid complaints from those who might in fact, I wouldn't be surprised if he do that to you or if the dog's do has been open or door. I guess what they're going to do, huh? It's going to spit on you. And that's for sure. Yeah. Oh, shri, the minute that that door opens, baby, a bunch of spiddlers going to come your way. Anyway, others insist on how they should be celebrated October 30th, no matter what. Oh, I think let's have a big conference about this. Let's take it up in Congress. Kind of like game marriages. I hope that the Democrats are coming up with some good ads move on that organ, the democratic party itself. I sure hope that they really focus in on this thing about the fact that the flu vaccine, we have this tremendous shortage. And they've had since the warnings of 2001 from the CDC that there was going to be a vaccine, and in three years, they still didn't prepare for it. And the idea that this president is strong on fighting the war and terror, how they have, if we had God forbid a chemical or a biological attack that of course is good. Yeah. Do you really believe that they have any kind of preparation or ability to protect the public or to treat it absolutely not for themselves? Yeah. No chance. No for themselves. They got that archie bucket there underground. I know where they were all hiding on 9.5. Lots of stalemate crackers. Moving it, moving Halloween that's like celebrating Christmas a week early said Veronica Wright who bought a power rangers costume for a son in Nunan. It's just a kid thing. It's not for real for Christ's sake. What do you see that? It's an especially sensitive issue for authorities in the Bible about across the South, the Yahoo states. You just don't do it on Sunday said Sandra Halsey of Greenville, Joja, that's Christ day. You don't go to church on Sunday. You don't go out and celebrate the devil. So in other words, it's okay to celebrate the devil on Saturday, but not on Sunday, huh? Now you got it. Okay. In Nunanus, a suburb of South Atlanta, the city council decided to go ahead with the trick or treating on Sunday. In 1999, the last time I've covered 31st fellow in the Sunday, the city moved up trick or tweeting the Saturday, which brought howls and protests. They were howling like coyotes. We don't need to confuse people with the council and George Alexander be saying. In Vestavia, heels Alabama, a suburb of Birmingham, a fewer erupts every time Halloween falls on Sunday, and local officials decided not to take a stand this time. Let the fewer have his way. You're listening to me, you go to New Rogers exclusively on 565. You ain't been. Breadham and Sage cheese. Well, Buffalo has the football team. The greatest in the land. And everybody thinks they're great. But they feel he are. The Buffalo builds out of the world. See what I mean? So just sing a little. When you sing my amin'. When you say Buffalo. Super Bowl. And here the death. Buffalo Bills. Buffalo Bills. The greatest team in the history of the human race. The NFL Bills. The greatest team in the world. Since sliced bread and can be it. Yeah, there you go. And you jazz up that redneck stuff. Listen to that banjo. Holy sweet God. Listen to that. When you say Buffalo Bills, it don't sound so redneck he do it. Everybody sing along now. How you Bill Feds. Here we go. Let the Buffalo Bills out of the best team. They have the best record over the last five years. And they went to the Super Bowl four times. Which is more than I can say for this. It's come circumcision. And they're a great as. They really like that. Oh, be the heck. I have an official to help because they're not Buffalo Hobbes. The best football team. What I ever seen in the history of my life. They are the Buffalo Bills. The Buffalo Bills. The whole gym. Tell me they've read it. What if I can leave? Yeah, everybody. The Buffalo Bills. They're the Buffalo Bills. And they've been around. Mugging in the stinkin' rotten fish. Well, let it up. Buffalo Bills. Buffalo Bills. What would you rather have as a pedophile or a fish? Twenty-seven or two. We got the mad dog at two. What a shame. A great talent gun. So, Bill Henry. Are you sure? Just gone into the toilet. You know what? It happens. A lot of things go into the toilet. Most of which we can't discuss here on issue anymore. Here's a past. This is welcome back. And after yesterday's debacle in Buffalo, we need some of the Buffalo Bills fights on. That's why I just played that. See how quick I am. I respond. It's said you think that often's ever got a win-a game? No. No. Not this season. Maybe next season. Maybe 25, 25 would Zagron Evans at quarterback and the... I'm back. After the one-stead era. By the way, it's in Georgia to good job like always. I say, George and Suds in the morning and go Yankees. What do you, what do you, we don't get to do you got to that last part about Go Yankees. I have to laugh at a red sauce in your fans, man. What a joke. Do you see that Josh after they pulled it out and 12 it in. I said, oh, we won a game. You think that would have just won a world serious. You know, they finally won a game on your walk-off home room. I just like to walk off. They'll do a heavy duty on the serious. I have a... I don't know. Because if he keeps doing that, I think that from what I'm reading and Infinity is going to like chop his ass off at it early. And then what's your buddy Greg going to do then, huh? Then we're like stuck with it to Leema. Well, of course we always know who's waiting in a bullpen. That's a lot. Oh yeah, right. Are good buddy. Do you always wait and hang it around, wait and do? Some curious if he's still doing that or what to deal is somebody will either fax his or tell us or not. Because we don't listen. Oh, this was another great story that I had on a website over the last few days. I haven't know if you jumped on this, so to speak, was on Thursday. So what have been on Friday's website? Study 100 per... one in a... one in a... one in a... 100 adults asexual. No, I did not jump on that. In fact, some of the people I see here in the city, I go, are you sexually? And some of them actually say, okay. About 1% of adults have absolutely... this is from London, of course, which what do you expect from them, huh? But you're constantly paying for it. You're constantly paying for it. Brits give me the Schmitz. Member Jimmy Schmitz? Yes, I do. About 1% of adults have absolutely no interest in sex according to a new study. That distinction is becoming one of pride among many asexuals. Well, how about asexual marriage? What are we going to do with that? Oh my God. Yeah. I could just hear Bush now. The danger... the danger to America is... See, he's already getting all of that out of shape about it. What was that in the background? The danger to America is the terrorists. And we will not let up in this fight. The danger is the terrorists. Did you hear that? Oh, I heard it. Nice, I'm glad. Anyway, it says the new study was conducted by Anthony Bogart, a psychologist and human sexuality expert at Brock University in St. Catherine's obterio, A. See, I know it. It was published in the latest issue of the Journal of Sex Research and is the focus of reporting this past week in the issue of new scientists. Bogart's analization looked at responses to another study in Britain published in 1994. That study was based on interviews of 18,000 people about their sexual practices. Practice makes perfect. It offered respondents a list of options. One read, I have never felt sexually attracted to anyone at all. One percent said they agreed with the statement. That response level is close to the percentage of gay people in the population, which is around 3 percent of the new scientists. What were they come up with? In Britain? Yeah, I think they got it twisted around. I think they got a 3 percent in Britain head of a sexual. New scientists said such studies offer insights into sexuality. The results remain controversial. The closest we've got to understand human asexuals comes from studies. Mostly surveys of people who report not having sex. But Robert Greeper. A 1994 survey published by the University of Chicago press found that 13 percent of 3500 respondents had no sex in the past year. Well, that doesn't mean that they're asexual. 40 percent of these people said they were extremely happy or very happy with their lives. If asexualities indeed are a form of sexual orientation, perhaps it won't be long before the issue of a priori, it starts attracting more attention. First we had gay pride. Now in Canada it's a priori. Activeness has already started campaigning for what awareness and acceptance of asexuality. Well, I wonder if Mary Cheney would like to become asexual. That's like. No, she's not. I want to show you how fair and balanced the media is. You had these two things that they made a little bit of a similar. First of all, Kerry talking about Mary Cheney using her as an example again about She's a dike and a lesbian and this and that and she was born that way and she's a, that was the one. Then on the other hand, media's sick twisted. They got an agenda man. That's all we hear about as well. It was really a very portatized and we're inappropriate and two thirds of the public said they did how about when Bush lied about having said he doesn't even think about Osama yamama anymore. He's too busy worried about Sadame who's saying. Yeah, he's worried about Sadame. Bill or Riley's worried about phone sex. If we got a president who's worried about Sadame. The best way to prevent attacks. Yeah. He's having panic attacks just thinking about it. Probably thinking about that brought he knocked up in Texas. The one I had the abortion, you know. Twenty-two and five, sixty-wq-way and Emerald Coast. Here's a chance for Josh to redeem himself all the way down and Emerald Coast's offload is best Asian buffet is accepted when on the arrival of lobster fest. That's right. Going on right now. Every weekend, I come in and enjoy as much main lobsters you can eat. That's right. Audit can eat lobster. Who else in soft floor would even dream of doing this. Also Emerald Coast is serving lobster bisc. Don't a stone crab. Roasted duck and grilled. See you. Emerald Coast is no ordinary Asian buffet. The service is impeccable. You never believe in an empty stomach. I guarantee that you walk out of there. You'll waddle out. And no matter what your size is, you'll waddle out of there. You'll be so full and happy. Stir about that fantastic eating experience with six different soups. Try them all. And then sample doesn't the second of the long phrase like New York'ship made order as well as real salmon. And if you have room sample, they handcar per member and their new special. The Emerald Coast buffet promotes healthy living, cooking all of their fine cuisine with only cholesterol free oils, no crab, no cornstarch, no MSG. The buffet features a full, huge salad bar full Chinese food lineup and a brand new sushi bar as well. And if you have any room after all of these things which would be a miracle, but try to like, you know, take your time. They won't kick you out of there. Take some time and save room for dessert because what a dessert station they've got. Featuring Belgian waffles, pies, cakes, pastries, ice cream with all your favorite toppings. Even the old fresh fruit. What an indeed to a fantastic feast. Emerald Coast got three locations for you. And sunrise sunny, Alzantember pie. So take the whole family. And the book, your next business lunch and they're now two. Take out delivery always available. They were voted number one by the get restaurant reviews and by prestigious channel 7 WSV and news and sound photos best Asian buffet. Lots of imitators, but nothing even like it. Call 9 5 4 5 7 2 3 8 22. That's 9 5 4 5 7 2 3 8 22 for the Emerald Coast Chinese buffet. Your listening to me, you both knew Rogers exclusively on 5 6. You A. It's day. Oh, my amy child. At 5 6. W. You. Yeah. Oh. It's going to go. I just want how it a name ended. We're going to have a little loaded or union hit. I thought they had the little problem with the Studien show feed. I think that the satellite fell down as something. Yeah, like a bud. Wow! Why I'll have you know my tactics on the lightfully fine. Thank you very, very much. Now if you don't mind, let's retry into the sanctity of sports. How about a little touchy teary. Now see here. See where over here. Okay. Now see here. What is that? I want to suck it. Yes, so stupid. I'm so stupid like they say I'm the official voice of the parents They do. Why I'll have you know I made my bones when you were in an embryo How do you know really it is there's something I never told you yeah, I'm your father daddy Just come out of there 146 14 builds who at 560 WM are pull question today. What well known person you think is the biggest phony Had a lot on the list. I guess if I had to take more calls we could add thousands, but this is pretty good list I like rush limba leading Look at the landslide man 283 Oh, yeah, yeah, he's the fastest fat man Bill O'Reilly 78 he's moving up Jimmy swaggered 48 Kathy Lee give her 46 doctor Phil 39 you know we left off the list. I give up. I got a pair Probably I can see him. I got a pair anyway Jerry fall well pad robber. Yeah. Yeah nearing obnoxious phony baloney. I give you another one. Okay, Paul crotch Ooh, yeah from Jan and Paul crouch. Oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, I remember that thing that article that The thing yeah, there was a thing. That's what he said Speaking of things. Sing clear broadcasting about Janatzi's who won 62 television stations around America The carry campaign on Friday called on sing clear broadcasting to provide equal time to supporters of the Democratic presidential nominee After they air that 45 minute propaganda film attacking him and Learned a sing clear broadcasting president David Smith carry campaign attorney Mark Elias said the broadcasting groups demand that it's 62 stations air the program without insisting they provide equal term every time for response is illegal Which of course it is? Please consider this a required would be like if CBS announced that they were gonna have all of their affiliates They were gonna order them to run Fahrenheit 9 11 like two weeks from today the day before the election which by the way not a bad idea Please consider this a request at each sing clear station that airs the documentary Provide supporters of the carry Edwards campaign with a similar amount of time on that station before the election at the time We're not in some similar size can be expected to be viewing the station lies wrote Well, it's been three weeks ago on an extremely close presidential race sparks are flying around the anti-carry film Still an honor wounds that never heal would sing their wants their commercial free no less on stations that include the swing states of Ohio Florida, Iowa and Wisconsin next week The FCC were of course the chairman is the son of colon pal Michael Polly FCC said they want to intervene to stop the broadcast as was acted In a letter from 18 democratic senators don't look to watch the block the airing of a program FCC chairman Michael Powell said I don't know of any president wish the commission could do that he be saying Sing fair broadcasting's top executives are public supporters of the Bush campaign They've donated at least 58 thousand dollars to the Bush-Chainee campaign or the Republican National Committee for this election And a partridge in a pair of trees. I like that It's more that liberal media can always hear in a bot right Iraq audit can't find billions again About half of the roughly five billion dollars in Iraq reconstruction funds dispersed by the West government in the first half of this year can't be accounted for According to an audit commission by the United Nations which couldn't find records for numerous rebuilding projects and other payments They've we got to go to the Halleberton people and see where some of them went One chunk of the money 1.4 billion was deposited into a local bank by Curtis leaders in northern Iraq But could be track no further the auditors reported that they were shown at a positslet But could find no additional records to explain how the money was used are to prove that it remains in the bank Auditors also said they couldn't track more than a billion dollars in funds rolled out by US authorities for hundreds of large and small reconstruction projects This is an article we had over the weekend from the Boston Globe. It's on our website It goes on and on and on and it's pathetic. It's sad. It's tragic and is anybody care no and Is if that isn't good enough? That we want to get you like all suspicious of your government because we do trust the president. No way Right. Yeah, right as far as we can throw them Top army commander in Iraq complaint of poor supply situation document shows from yesterday's Washington Post. This is about your friend Rick Sanchez I know the other one not the one we saw and see in this morning with his fist on the table I never realized he had a limp fist The top US command to an Iraq complaint to the Pentagon last winter that his supply situation was so poor and you're supposed to say how poor Or was it I love that charlotte magic That it threatened army troops ability to fight according to an official document that surface only now The lack of key spare parts for a gear vital to combat operations such as tanks and helicopters was causing problems So severe that army lieutenant general Ricky Tiki Ricardo Sances wrote in the lid at top army officials But I can notice how the media just got slapped right on by that And now here's another arrangement Ricky Tiki Sances who says he can't continue to support sustained combat operations with rates this low Senior army officials said that most of the sages concerns have been addressed in recent months But they continue to keep her close eye on the problems he identified the situation is substantially better now He's severe a mutsack deputy director operations for army material command Sances was the senior commander on the ground and Iraq from the summer of 2003 the summer of 2004 Set in his letter that army units in Iraq were struggling just to maintain relatively low readiness rates on key combat systems Such as M1 Abrams tanks Bradley fighting vehicles and immortal readers route radar and black cock helicopters He also said units were waiting in average of 40 days for critical spare parts Which you notice was almost three times the army's average and some army supplied depots in Iraq 40% of critical parts were at zero balance Meaning they were absent from depot shells and by the way I should point out to you since everything is going so great in Iraq Oh, we're fine. I know some of the show that some of the course bonds that have been reporting from Iraq are saying that they're Terrified even go outside anymore the situation is so bad now in most parts of Iraq So it sounds like we got things will under control You are listening to Neil Roger exclusively You're a There doesn't run it, but it's all over, but it's got a brother, man And you're both from this type of thing, though That's just me, no punch, we were so young And I'm a little lazy, but I'll sit, close my staff, there's it We need a slight phase, we need to pay, we need to pay, we need to pay We need a little bit, we need a little bit, we need a little bit Let us in, we might have been at Then those triangles push, wins your look, blue And call this love, I'm going to be Lotta-toto-totouchu on good joy in-laws and no. think it was exciting before they keep they keep showing on the talking hidden networks they keep showing the pombie judge you know with the eye and the whole guy old google i judge i love him he'd best anyway our poll today what well known person you think is the biggest phony a lot of phones we got about 700 votes rush limba nobody can touch rush big fan pill pop in hypocrite phony to every ninety seven his numbers by the way taking pretty good slide good bill or bodies radio numbers can't slide in south order because he don't have any he's got a a 0.2 as in what's the point he's got 83 votes Jimmy swagger 50 i'm amazed he i mean he deservedly so but uh... that's good they got a good memory catheter the gift for the seven doctor feel i told a he'd run boy they hate him like poison and i'm pleased to hear that 45 the pope 26 alter boys kind of least 25 that's doctor rice mismatched right sixteen then is miller fourteen and quarter fourteen fill Henry twelve are you sure yep for you telling the era big well at