No more men. It's all clap time power, baby. It looks just like... No more? Yes, it's all just like... It's all just like... My enemy is forward-luttered. But let me ask you something. What's happening with... What's happening with this? Stretch back up. Now in concert. It's John Terry. John Terry. I believe... I believe... I believe... I believe... I believe... I'm Terry. Coming soon to attend you. Help. I need somebody. Help. Somebody's by the way. Help. I need somebody. Help. I'm going to America. John's America. John Terry seems... That's... John Terry seems... That's a classic kiss. John's America. Oh... Can I want it 560? WQM happy Thursday. We're going to talk fast again today because we got a ball game. We got more sports, baby. And this ball game... No need to be waiting to do it. Alright. That clearance. What an English song. No wonder Duffer presents in a hasty-like poison. You know what? What a little quiz-ling. A little sports nerd. I'm sure like I told you before to show. I think the orders came from above. About the historical way that this radio station approached that whole thing on Tuesday. Yeah, that's probably where it came from. What were you doing? What were you doing? I'm going to go in infant. At any rate where I'm going to talk about Saturday today. Not just on this show. In fact, we got a whole new format now. It's all... Radio. Right. Morning new to night. Wshakayem. You got it. In fact, anybody want to shack up with... There you go. There's something to think about. And even Iraq Grimes was... But anyway, you did all I yesterday. So you tell me. Right. We start with the death toll in Iraq. The sad tragic unnecessary news. Just unspeakable. A roadside bomb exploded north of Baghdad early yesterday. The yesterday killing one U.S. infantry, a first vision soldier, and bringing you to 900. The number of U.S. military forces killed since the beginning of military operations, March 2003. I thought that once we got saw them, though, that was going to end. And once we turned the kings of the kingdom over to that butcher, that... Allaway guy. I thought that that was going to allow us to get off the hook. The new roadside. Well... What can I tell you? Not looking good. Anyway, we'd all do respect somebody. Facts is us. There's nothing worse than somebody is a finger-pointed and a nitpicker who's pickin' the wrong nit. You know what I mean? What happened in the court-lauderdale? You're full of craft, Kevin. He says, well, all of the respect. It's not Keith David. It's David Keith. Oh, God. This is when we were doing the actors on two days over... ...underright, over as numbers and... ...ongers. And we talk about Keith David, who was in record room for a dream, who was a big... ...and nasty looking dark, complexive guy. David Keith was a very pasty, white-complex and... ...gotten family affair. Right. So I could write the news to you, Kevin, but Keith David and David Keith are... ...the two different people. And, uh, oh, I can say to you, is... ...get a life, Keith. I have no life. I mean, we make a lot of mistakes on this show. Don't forget we got the Marlon Pre-Game at 12.30. I've been in a steak right there by saying that, because I'd immediately... ...since people diving for anything else. They want to get a head start on exiting. Marlon Pre-Game at 12.30. Marlon's at the fillies. They lost a tough one, two on last night. 105 game time. So we get out of here at 12.30. Oh, right. That's a tough schedule, man. Life is good. Even if you don't care about... Fuck! You're too short as full. George is pulling in. And Joe's comments there at the end of his show. He's got an excellent point. I'm hearing from everybody. Even people that don't know him. That mole looks just like really... ...absolutely. This is our, I mean, a great... ...with that new... Fuck! Fuck! Look! It's like top. Yeah. It's like top used to be a haircut. But now it's just... Well, yes, you call it a haircut. Sure. Because he did cut. Ha ha ha ha ha. Oh, god. Moe. Here's a man seeking to find a head identity. You know what I mean? It's one thing for guys that are looking for a head. But this guy is looking for a head identity. Well, what is it? What can I do with it? Anyway, here's George's pull yesterday. What name are you tired of hearing the most? Well, I was thinking... Anyway, leaving though George's W. Boy is straight in 50. I was watching this morning when Thomas Keen and... ...whose yellow one? Michael Keen. No, no, from India, Lee Hamilton. When they handed them the copy his own personal copy. I wonder if they autographed it. Of the 911 report. And he took it and thank you. And he, as he... What was the word? He, um, struttered away in kind of a dufist... He walks like a dufist. He talks like a dufist. He does things like a dufist. I mean, he's a dufist. What he is, this person. George W. Bush 350. And look who came in seconds. 2075. He was Lee's real. Well, I'll hold it all day by. I'm not doing you. I'm at. No, no. Very emelifent 166. Martha Stewart 145. Just leave the four-bit alone. No, that a pretty bitch. I got to play that to that. Let me forget to have him play that. One time you've been playing that? No, that was no. No. That a pretty bitch. Go blow the tiger. He's still dead. One-o-six. Scott Peterson one-o-six. She's still dead in the baby, too. Michael Jackson 79. Jessica Simpson 71. Oh, yeah. Was I just saying that the other day? So, duh. John Kerry 60. OJ Simpson 57. Mike Diffga ate an emeral, Legassie. Eight. And back in the day after I said, Legassie, I would have probably played like a little something but I can't do it. Cool. That was a little raspberry. A little sneaker. No, a little raspberry is a good for you. On our beat, being in current today, I don't know what to say about this. I mean, John Blondell, who I've got to 90% of this audience. How many people in a whole audience do you think know who John Blondell was? But third man. Old, old actress with huge jugs, John Blondell. And there she is. Stark naked. Yeah. Clean. Clean. Sheave. Like both. That's a nice picture. She's shaving better than Moe is what I'm hearing. But anyway, how do you close yourself? Maybe we can get maybe more since he's got this whole new altitude now. On some days, maybe he'd be a kind enough to volunteer for a picture. We could put a new picture of the new, uh, Slip top mo against the old bad wigmo. I think it's exactly that performed the surgery on that, uh, hairpiece. Anyway. Ha ha ha ha ha. Oh, I forget. That's a looping. Well Blondell born August 30, 1906, if you were live today, which he's now she'd be, uh, whole 98, almost. Born in the earth city died December 25, 1979 of leukemia known as, uh, Wisecracking, uh, big, gabu, uh, blue eyes, whatever. And that's quite a picture. Although, uh, I don't want to talk about it. That's a wisecratch. The interesting part about this, uh, on IMDB, the biography of John Blondell is that, she made a movie. She died in 79, and her last movie, the woman inside, came out in 81. So they were just using the dead body as a prop, or are they started working out for a long before they released it. The rebels, 79, the champ, the glove, battered, grease, the barren opening night. She was in a zillion. If I would, if we'd be a volume time, if I would read all the movies that she was in John Blondell, she sure got a lot of work. I mean, just unbelievable. One taunt on the dog who saved Hollywood, woulder take all. Dead don't die. And evidently that might have been the case with her. Vanyan support your local gunfighter. The thinks here comes the brides, uh, a tiny, a conical, the real McCoy TV series, and she, she was all over the place. So there she is, being had to be the curtain. If we're over eight, if I'm hungry, and, uh, you really desperate. You might want to take a look at that. She's dark naked. I mean, it's all there in glossy detail. The September, a lot of the commission concludes that a failure of imagination, not governmental neglect allowed 19 hijackers to carry out the deadliest terrorist attack in U.S. history. The panel calls for an intelligence overall to confront an alcat organization in ten unstructured again. And here I thought we had like chopped the head off of alcat is what I heard. Right? I guess they lied to us again. While falting institutional shortcomings, the bipartisan report being released today, it would affect just came out short time ago. They handed to it well presented. It doesn't blame Bush or Clinton for mistakes contributing to the 2001 terrorist attacks. The report, which is the combination of a 20 month investigation of the plot that killed nearly 3000 people in New York, Washington, Pennsylvania, described a meticulous planning and determination of hijackers who sought to exploit witnesses in airline and border procedures by taking test flights. A surveillance video that surfaced yesterday shows, and why even talk about that thing. I mean, what does that video mean? I've shown it to you. How many thousand times? Not turned man. And it's just a great new video. And there's these guys, Waltson's here, and you can't even really make out their face or who they are or what they're doing. Although I thought it was pretty interesting where that one guy stuck to the detector. Right, though. The president, facing for a report that will be sharply critical of the government's intelligence, and gagged, tells his gathering, said yesterday was looking forward to somebody reading it to him. He also said his administration was doing everything possible to combat terrorism on the other. Richard Clark, you know that Osham provocative tour troublemaker who tells the truth to often, did Clark form a counterterrorism Zarr in the Clinton Bush administration's an out ABC consultant said on the networks good morning America, show the commission avoided controversy. To get unanimity, they didn't talk about a number of things like what effect is the war in Iraq having on our battle against terrorism? The president paying the attention to terrorism in the first nine months of his administration? The controversial things, the controversial criticism of the Clinton administration as well as the Bush administration just aren't there, he said. What they didn't do was say that the companies actually not safe or now that it was then because of the rise in terrorism after our invasion of Iraq, like somebody once said on the show, we stir the hornets nest and now they're buzzing all over the place. Which has nothing to do with the public, guys, for that. Now really, you talk about overkill that. Well, went on in this market, not just on this radio station, but all the TV channels and everybody in South Florida, you're a bunch of crazy people, you really are. It made the alien thing practically tailing the West significance, I would say, at least for it, it is not going to last that long, but at least for a day. It was just even when you wiped your ass, it was intensive. Every no matter what happened, it was just out of control. I was peeing and learning about track at the same time. So here's today's poll and you better vote fast because we got that ball game in the 1230 and we don't want to forget about it. It's very important. How excited are you about the shack trade? I've got four choices on here, now maybe I'll have some out. I don't know. We could answer, but I think I think I'll have some. Yeah, mine too. Anyway, how excited are you about the shack trade? Very, I'm pumped. Somewhat, I couldn't give a Schmidt less or who the F is shack. Those are your four choices. I think that covers it pretty well. Yeah. Big ball headed dark from Plicton Guy who, and then why, and I did go any other room when he finally again, again, I don't want to have Josh Cortis did another spanking from Duff, but I'm sitting here and I opened the pot there from the score because I could see when Pat Riley started talking and I don't really know what got on here from this end or from your ass end or from over there. I don't know what happened. And then I'm trying to communicate and say, can I get out of here now? Can I go any other room and make some lunch and just walk away? Just walk away. But I was getting no communication because I guess Josh was so whipped up about it. He probably was like, if I'd ever had to turn your potter. Right. If you got the potter. Fuck it. Yeah. He was having a big attack. It's one surprise me if they changed the name of the big Mac to the big time. When you think at least in South Florida, everything's changing down here. Right. So I went in the other room and I had to score on the TV. I punched it over and saw about three minutes of it. Especially I love the part when he was talking about how overwhelmed he is, why for by the incredible welcome in Miami and about to, was like just like the president and done, done, done, done, done, done, done, done, done, done. At that point I went to another channel and made lunch. Yeah. He has a wife, you know. He has a wife. Oh, it is just so, to me what it says it's these volumes about how desperate the poor people of South Florida really are. They're just ain't nothing going on except grow test thunderstorms. And Mosquitas decides the bowling balls and heating him in the, and heat and humidity, the likes of what's even in the visits of Africa you seldom see. Other than that, it's great in the summertime. So here was the chance to grab on to something. Please let me grab on. Let me hold on to it. Anything like, right. So we'll take that pull and see how it light. I'm going to have to think about my boat. Let's get that thing on there. Eric, let's get with it. Wait, I'm okay. I'm voting right now. Oh, I'm probably have to refresh, okay. Ah, yeah, we shack it. Okay, I just re-shack by things. There it is. Well, let me think about this one for a while. Wait, 1013 at 560 WCA and Marlon's on deck at 1230 to which we say, yeah, love those Marlon's first and when they play early games. Is your company suffering from regulations and increased labor costs? Let oasis out-sourcing help you when it comes to the people side of your business. Pay rule administration, Fortune 500 company employee benefit human resource services and risk management are just a few of the services that oasis outsourcing cover to help your business be more profitable. Call oasis outsourcing today for a free evaluation column. 1 866 at oasis. That's 1 866 286 2747. But more than 60,000 employees worldwide, oasis outsourcing understands many facets to you in resource management. outsourcing is being recognized by firms large and small as a powerful management choice, which lets you focus on your core business while you leave the operational details, 2 oasis outsourcing. So let the good folks get oasis outsourcing make your business a lot more profitable. That's what it's all about. For a free evaluation column, toll free today, no obligation call 1 866 at oasis. That's 1 866 286 2747 for oasis outsourcing. My life and love 666 430. 76 So I no doubt the government wins in our new timeline finalатив 0440 is option three to the past hold. That's the way I've been for a second For him I was made in anger And I stole a stone And ran by a pain separate by all the time But you did cry pain on your entire and sincere It's where this friend's job is called Reggae And they don't want to hear You've got their attitude quite sour With a much scattered and smooth life you'd do the fall There's a gridlock of rush hour And I throw it to someone else you've had a cold And I've got a hate separate body all the time Very hot, I think that she's feeling to do Think it's great but something in the free is walking From Papa No, he, you, you Oh yeah, it's 10.19.5.60. Nobody can look at that. We are going to got 65 votes We're going to get a lot of action on this one Maybe we have to make a strong rock You're a man, man, or a... Yes, I went on a tire against it about this one person The day before the day before the day before About the fact that the story that you don't want that I want Right, right, right, right, right, right, right We're doing it all day yesterday all day on two days Cut the crap you get all right, you might have called You simple stories What's already old about the view of what's happening Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Faction to a god is okay, action to a god is fine Take, of course, give me a break Oh, and Alfred can's numbers in the New York Are like 0.00, see the overall book there I'm making a big deal, he beat out Bill O'Reilly Because they had a huge month in April when he first got the $80 billion worth of free publicity And after they sampled the era of a square America for a little While in June it was like, get to search party And find the audience, I just mentioned that again passing For Pete Vulture 65 votes already on our very, very important survey Today fact I'm refreshing, I wouldn't surprise me if there's like over 70 Just a minute, 77 W ABC How excited are you about the, uh, f*** trade? I couldn't give a Schmitt less 47 That's what I voted, what a surprise I mean, not only don't I care, I'm not even a little teeny tiny bit, you know what I mean? Not an Iota, not a little, uh, a smidge No, no And 61% agree with that Very, I'm pumped 13, 16.8% of people out there who's main model When life is I have no life, 16.8% their pumped Who the f is shack, I'm people said that And some what six kind of like look for him like I guess I'm excited Because I mean, you said, oh, what does this say for the last three days Oh, sorry Oh, I see a pretty big, you listen to the end of the page Yeah I'm trying to send this a couple of times, I get a communication Yeah, that's because George keeps canceling the facts As we all want it, we already got this We already talked about it, whatever, I mean, even though what it is It's those Arabs that we were talking about at this morning In the jungle on the claim, oh yeah This woman is a crazy woman from the woman's Wall Street Journal As Annie Jacobson, she's a racer than a fruit cake Okay, we all want it, we don't want it She was on last night, she needs help There's also a lot of really weird about it Go to salon.com and there's a really good article I just got through reading about her But I just already looked, we only got two hours to go here And they keep passing this crap Those amateur program directors out there Wanted to tell me what to talk about And what bedtime stories to read Well, screw you, okay Thanks to any of us screw you Now, let's see, here's a fact that says I'm sitting here waiting to see what Chaps reaction It comes to find out about new Rogers Well, we act like that linebacker that went to the dentist Now that wasn't about me, you know, that was about somebody else Are you sure? Yeah, that was about Phil Henry In fact, he also didn't say that to me or Phil Henry It was the mad dog Oh, right We should have that too See, see what I mean again Yeah You know, every all these people, we know their crap Not, they know what they're talking about Where the hell is it? Where's the whole thing? Oh, here it is Hey Brian, are you happy? Yeah, see what's mad dog he was talking to I had a chop it off, I was like And then sit with that, suck my f*** something like that Check that You suck my shack right At any rate And says, well, we act like orally you become his favorite banana He ain't got a pan he attention to the show Okay, the sports nerds He'll tell you the only one who does recognize the show is Pat Riley He listens to the show he gets it Remember he was saying to the worst team about you guys are just a lead in for Neil Rogers, remember that's right Riley, he would have slipped down here he gets it He's okay in my book Okay, even though he's like that One of them sports nerd people But at least he's got a sense of humor The other people, I mean you think like Jimmy Johnson You think he paid attention to this And then of course the brains stem Remember that? Oh, then the Rogers still on the air He's got a funny guy Yeah, the brains stem Hey, what I'm trying to say is with trans Very outward person now to hear react to doing Now you at some point He will how this will evolve I shouldn't care less I couldn't care less If he likes to show he hates the show And let me say it again Very jackass, I missed this the other day I must be slipping in my old age on Saturday There was a column of very jackass And probably it's the Harold's fault It probably just took it in there in a website because they're upside-blows Where he goes out about over the fan 1400, they're carrying Tony Bruno and Role me now And who'd like to carry some of the fox sports program I mean we overnight replaced our crappy sporting news radio But they couldn't QM couldn't find clearance to put Jim Role and Tony Bruno on from nine name to three PM Which was another little shot there by very jackass Oh yeah, and of course I'm sure Clarence agrees Carrots would he would probably look dust toenails If he'd find a way to get this show off And then we have to chop Joe down to one hour He doesn't care and then we have to chop an hour off the mad dog Same pay Oh right in mind Yeah, so we can get the Tony Bruno and Jim Role mine You're getting more of that pure sports on there So we could really talk about intensely and seriously But what a genius he is That Oh brother Yeah There he is Tom, I think Tom is the operative word of my right Absolutely Tom, Tom, Tom Anyway 114, we're going to get a Zillion votes on this one man They are whipped up into a frenzy because they got Suck, fever Remember that song by the B.G.s. Shackered in I fever Yeah Yeah Thank you That will be all the greatest that's collection I'm more as Tony said burger all Christ don't go to my side Whatever you do, he's dead I want to play just a little bit of it that we can play In fact, I'm wondering what we can't play on there Maybe Huh I love it There might be a bad thing What are you doing? Maybe I was standing there one day Not thinking I would die I'm not thinking I would die Oh my God I should have been there Oh no I'll take back what we just did I'm not gonna talk about More as give us still dead That's the band, it was very sorry we apologized I'm be have them outside I They're they can butcher anybody Any hospital, I can kill you 111 votes, how excited are you about the Shackered baby About good old Shack's wheel, oh, Neil Roger Oh, good I couldn't give a Schmidt less 60s, 60% Very, I'm pumped, 22, almost 20% You're pumped baby, pump it Who the F-Shiack 12 and somewhat 11 out of 11 11 This should tell you a lot about what's going on in America Crowds are flocking to a hardware store And Rio Grand Valley Texas To see an image of Jesus that's appeared on a tinted window at the business Now you can see it, I go to our website and click on the When you click on the story About people seeing their Jesus in the window Just click on the link to the original story And you can see the pictures Where's there is absolutely There's nothing in here Please, that's it The image first appeared on a true value hardware store Window until I 19th and cost employees To what it where came from Since being discovered, image hadn't faded People at the store agree the image resembles a face of Jesus Christ With a crown of thorns Jesus Christ How do we know what the face of Jesus Christ looked like When you come right down to what I said from El Gibson Do we really have any idea? No, do we really know if there was a Jesus Christ? No, I have my doubts Any way, I go to church whenever I get a chance But I'm not a spiritual person, I do believe especially now Resonance in the window Watch local channel 6 and wherever this is Where is this? Houston Dallas somewhere I'm nowhere real Grand Valley Texas is I'm sure somebody knows Watch channel 6 and Texas somewhere And no, can we all be able to see it? 1027 at 5.60 WCM Speaking of button, now you got another choice Not just the Muscad look from Mow But now you got the flat top look Absolutely Are you a bald guy? I just put a before and after picture I'll take a poll on which one they like best There you go, that would kill a poll one day Good, you like Mow, the flat top Mow or the Muscad Mow Who do you like Mow? Mow or Amblin Mow Anyway, if you don't want to look like a clown Like Mow or like Sand Donaldson Some of the other silly embarrassing people with bad pieces Charles off here is the guy I want to talk to No ob plugs in the head, no holes in the head No dangerous pills, no BS But you will have his great natural look and hear It looks like the real thing which Charlie is amazing Natural hairline system, for about 35 years Charlie has been doing it for guys who are losing their hair For guys who are bald as a bowling ball is a cue ball And Charlie's new skill I care system is 100% Undetectable That's how great it looks because it looks like we are going out of your scalp And Charlie gives you a guarantee for 30 days What a system for a month and if you don't love it and the way it looks and feels and smells If you're not getting more oxygen you ever have in your life And return to your profile for what's not to like So don't delay if you want to really look great for it Forget about the flat top look and Muscad look And all the other crap and change your life forever Look better and younger than you ever thought you could again Call toll free today for all the details There's no obligation 100-321-2413 1-800-321-2413 Or check it out on the web at CharlesAlphiary.com 5to logoc 66561 Pure recommends and say If you are listening to the applai title and offer any children the flagship show of thats latch of couple eiromanages I have somebody over here That's the wrong Yako Thank you. It's funny guy. He has blotters to the old Franken show. Vlog, vlog, vlog. That was a sense of me from Ogas Belch who lives across from the pizza town, USA and Garfield, New Jersey. A very, very talented individual. Thank you for that. Oh, we have my old friend Tom Davis on the phone. I can't believe how bad this is just awful. I'm ashamed of ever being associated with you. Well, the latest armatron shows us as number one against dinner. Oh, shit. That Tom always touch your panic. Ah, joining me in a studio today and sitting across the desk from me is the author of Deep Fried Ham and Butterbeams. Mr. Delare is a high-deil. So, do you think Bush is a liar? Oh, I know. I'm a children. They be so fan. Yeah, I'm a liar. It's nice to know that. They're still alive. You look hungry, child. You lack some macro-meanches. I got some cooking right off of you. Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah. That old diabetes makes me not feel so win. With a ease that so food my tired old feet stuck with sweat. Then I fall down and know. Oh boy, 1034, 26 to 11 at 560, every few am. Marlins on deck at 1230, Marlins at the early's 105, the Humper follows the ball game. And then we got the big, at 7 we apologize, although he is rock solid. It he came to the two. We got a first-eat night time line across this day ball game. Now, this fact, sure that you were bitching out first of all. This is a chronic regular fact. She's already out of a polydiastime because he was, he says, all right, I'll write all ready. I'll stop sending it all the way to say that on tooth there. What is stopped? How many times did we say that on tooth there? Five, thirty man. Right, and on Wednesday. And but he gets a good point and it's your band. My bad. Yeah, it is like that. Says Brian Keith is the white guy from Pamber. Right, very not David Keith and of course we know who David Keith is. Right, right. I just repeated with the, you're mistaken from Tuesday. Right. I got my Keith song. Yeah, you're exactly David Keith, of course, was born in Knoxville, Tennessee. I even into the IMDB and when you see his picture on there, you immediately know because we've seen him at 80s in Italy, including Carrie and Saber tooth and hangman's curse and deep shock and mother ghost. And the stick up behind it and me lines and tracks. Did you say Carrie? They're all going to laugh at you. Love and treason burning down the house. Go hoots epic men of honor. Men of dishonor, secretly and these. Oh, brother. Red blooded American girl, Judge and jury. This guy makes how many movies a year? About thirty men. Brother. But very well known David Keith. So we got Brian Keith, keep David, David Keith and Keith Partridge. No. Let's make a look at what we got on the website so far and our pool. 176 votes in about twenty two minutes. That is shocking. How excited are you about the Shack Trade? Boy, he's got these people whipped up into a frenzy and look at the way that the way the one number there is consistent. 19.8% of this audience are very excited. They're pump baby. We're going to win. We're going to do it baby because of right. 104 couldn't give a shmit less 59%. 19.8% are very pumped up and fired up and pissed off. 35. Somewhat 21 and who the F.S.S. 16 and what rock of those people been hiding under. How could you not know who's at that point? I don't want to know. I'm actually the color on line nine. No, it's too late. Not there. Say I told you. They're probably off right now to visit. Yes. WQM. Hello. Can I talk to Uncle Meal? Speaking. Uncle Meal. Yes, sir. Is this QAM? No, this is S.U.N. S.U.N. Yeah. We want to. I just want to talk to Uncle Meal. You're talking to him now. Oh, my. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. No. I'm sorry. No. Let's revisit. Let's re-hatch this phone call. Okay. Let's go back to the beginning. I'll go back to the beginning. I'll go to Neil. I'll go to Neil. I'll go. 560. 560. 560. On the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line. Is it tragic or what? Am I right? Oh, man. Uncle Meal. What is he trying to say? I have no right. WQM. Uncle Neal. Hello. Hey, Neil. I should. Two things I want to bring up. Number one. The new show rescue me on FX. With that area. Uh-huh. If anybody, you know, I was watching it with sort of a jaded eye yesterday. And I fell in love with a show. The thing's going to be ahead. Number two. Tuesday. I went home with a headache after all the crap I was hearing on the radio and TV. Right. Okay. Get it to the point. I was watching my money photos. I was watching my money money money. Yeah. And they got to the scam thing. And every time they said the word spam, I heard a check. What the hell? I was saying, I wasn't today. I mean, you know, I know they're seeking spam spam. I'm hearing shack shack shack shack. I'm looking for a gun. Yeah. I took that tape out. I put in some porno. I was a happy man. There you go. Yeah. Good choice, pal. I'll call this shack and kill me. It's the worst. Okay. I have a great day. That's already done. Speaking of that. What's that? We're already. The spam song. We play a good. I'm going to. I'm going to. I'm going to. I'm going to. Paul Martin, the Prime Minister and Canada pledged yesterday. We introduced legislation to decriminalize the position in use of small amounts of marijuana. As a new study shows, Canadians use the drug as doubled in recent years. They're smoking it more and enjoying it more. A mid speculation that the new government would drop the legislation under pressure from the United States. The Prime Minister said, ah, ah. After the first formal meeting of his new cabinet, the bill will be reintroduced this fall. Mr. Martin statement came the same day. Statistic Canada released a study show. The number of Canadians, especially younger ones. Who admit to marijuana and hash uses almost doubled over 13 year period. The federal agency says about 3 million Canadians age 15 and older or 12.2% of it in 2002. Using the two cannabis substances in the previous 12 months. This was up from 6.5% 1989, 7.4% in 1994. Marra want to use peaked among 18 and 19 year rules. Almost 38% of that age group reported using marijuana and hash in the previous year. Among those age 15 through 17, the rate was 29% almost 3.10. Many of the most old age groups were left with use marijuana and hash than women. And there we go. That's the rest of the story. So despite pressure from the media to the USA, the Canadian government said, ah. Mind your own business. Get lost. 10.40 for all, we'll cut off your smoke meat. How do you like that? And bat bacon? No, no, no smoke meat. Shack. I got to see. I can't wait to see the picture of most flat top. And if we can't get a real one if we won't go along with that, we can always dummy one up. I think we have one in the can. In the can? Correct. Twenty before 11 at five, see that's where Muffa spends a lot of time. 209 votes. How excited are you about the Shack trade? I couldn't give a Schmidt last 120, 57.4%. Very, I'm pumped 44, it's up to 21%. Oh, yes. I don't want to pee on your parade. Be a party, pooper. Twenty one percent are whipped up to a frenzy. Somewhat, 28 and who the F.A. Shack 17. Of course, of those people claim that they're pumped up. How many really were he fans, even NBA fans in the first place? Not turned man. Only bastards. He haven't done about eight laser recharge. The toner recharge, cartridge specialist for the past few weeks on a show. A lot of you have made that phone call. 1-8-2-8-792 12. You've saved a lot of money into printing and office equipment supplies. For those of you who haven't called, what you'll be waiting for. A laser recharge has got inchettes, thermal carbon paper supplies. They provide service supported maintenance for most Mexican models of machines to make them unlike new again. When you call 1-800-28792 12-year-old deal with just five, he's the sole owner's been supply businesses in South Florida without they need most cases within 24 hours for a long time. A laser recharge can save up to 50% on new perfusion is compared to depot pricing. And listen carefully to this. All the cartridges sold by a laser recharge are re-manufactured. Not refill. Anybody can sell your cheap piece of crap refill cartridge. But keep in mind, you want to get what you pay for. Re-manufactured cartridges are the smart way to go. A laser carries a complete line of cartridges for printers, copiers and faxes. Along with brother and zerox drums and boyd-o-i-love-my brother, printer and the faxor and copyright etc. A laser recharge is probably individual. Service offering no questions asked, satisfaction guarantee too. So if you need toner, cartridges or anything else, just pick up that phone and call just Bob from A laser recharge toll free at 1-800-28792-12. That's 1-800-2879-212 or check them on the web at a laser recharge.com. And then, the laser recharge is ready to go. And then, the laser recharge is ready to go. And then, the laser recharge is ready to go. And then, the laser recharge is ready to go. And then, the laser recharge is ready to go. And then, the laser recharge is ready to go. And then, the laser recharge is ready to go. And then, the laser recharge is ready to go. And then, the laser recharge is ready to go. And then, the laser recharge is ready to go. And then, the laser recharge is ready to go. And then, the laser recharge is ready to go. And then, the laser recharge is ready to go. And then, the laser recharge is ready to go. And then, the laser recharge is ready to go. And then, the laser recharge is ready to go. And then, the laser recharge is ready to go. And then, the laser recharge is ready to go. And then, the laser recharge is ready to go. And then, the laser recharge is ready to go. And then, the laser recharge is ready to go. And then, the laser recharge is ready to go. And then, the laser recharge is ready to go. And then, the laser recharge is ready to go. And then, the laser recharge is ready to go. And then, the laser recharge is ready to go. You very much give me the book. Or you'll row it, or you'll be sitting on your choice. Welcome. For Haliburton and Ron, all the companies of Ale. Let's send them a clear signal, and stick Martha straight in jail. She's an opportunity, rich rich, and a police, she isn't. Ale, so from you, I'm so very, very much. So, you didn't ask to tell me to. You and everything you do. Your face may come as be a face. You haven't gone along with the smile, as I'm concerned, your just a face, if I stop off. And ask for condolences, she's an intellectual child. So, you'll show their remorse. So, you very much give me the help. For giving all the askers all away. It really is a problem. When I come to my home, the ozone, so no goes out now that Arnold's here to say. So, new carey for games, I'm going to take place in Ale. So, you also very much, so what the planet fails. Let's save the great white males. I'm so few also very much. I mean, why is all that business about, you know, Arnold's father was a mat here, something like that, or grandfather was that? Something like that. Yeah, I mean, why should we be worried about that when a president and the device president, and the, uh, when all these people are not sees anyway, we never met a Nazi we didn't like. How can anybody not see that? Exactly, even, f**k knows that. 262 votes on our poll, how excited are you about the Shaxray, they're, we are, you whipped up about or what? Huh? And they are. They are so easy, man. You people are like a bunch of sheep like a flock. I have no lunch. 143 couldn't give a Schmidt less, including me in George. Although I'm sure that Josh Cortester is somewhat enthused. I'm all whipped up. All right. No, you're not. See, you'll say anything. This is suck up to that sports crowd, okay? Just so you don't get another spanking from Duff. So you didn't see the sarcastic expression, I'd say. I, I heard it. You didn't have to see it. I wanted dripping. It was dripping with sarcasm. That's what Duff said. Here that was dripping. 262 votes. I couldn't give a Schmidt less, 143. Very excited. Pump, baby, 59, 22 and a half percent. Intensive. Some, what? 41. Some, what? Kind of like, okay. I'll pop on. And who the hell is shack? Who the F.A. Shack, 19, 7.2 percent? Almost 300 votes here. And the first a little over half an hour. We may like do some big numbers here today. Of course we got the volume of 1230. That always screws everything up. Yeah, that's a bad thing. There for some. Not for us though. WQM. Hello. Mr. You're the, uh, Linda Ronstead business in the Allegna, but yeah. Yeah. Winding up for summer to across Europe. We're the man losing her body rate through Thoughtless applause of these Stockholm Jazz Festival and Stockholm, Predicating a classic to US President George W. Bush. We're going to sing this for George Bush because he's out of here. People wrote great, uh, crowd, quote two tonight. Before she launched into the opening licks of your good things about to wind, a cover that was featured in her 19, 79 album, but glow. The song written by Isaac Hayes and David Porter has been sung by several notable performers, including Mabel John, Lou Rawls and others. Wraith's comments resulted in a route of applause even whistles among the estimated 3000 cash to go is that the Swedish capitals annual Jansson held on the banks of the downtown, Skeptial Hullman Island. Sweets are skeptical abortion the Scandinavian country refused to support his efforts in the invasion of Iraq and the Iraqi attack which Iraq rhymes with. The nine-time Grammy Award winner is no stranger in the political activism or website or just fans learn more about preserving the environment. She was a founding member of Mews or Munitions Musicians United for Safe Energy. But you're like that. You go girl, Bonnie Rape, Linda Rund, I don't really care about Bonnie Rape, but nevertheless my hat, I tip my hat cap tour. And Linda Ronstet, I love Linda Ronstet and I even more than ever be full a little bit. Ain't that be real? If that's possible. I full tower evacuated after Hokes warning of non-11 style attack. French authorities rushed thousands of tourists out of the I full tower after receiving a warning that a plane was about to crash and the famous Paris landmark, police and the tower's men have been insane. Around 4,000 people were evacuated from the 330,000 they're doing meters here now. Sorry, the 1,000-70 foot structure which is close for two hours before police ascertained that the threat was a hoax and it was reopened. Just kidding, Mr. Joe, the company managing the tower SNTE setting the statement that we received at anonymous message which figured the alert, they also had a thing on that anthractor in this morning. New York for Washington, trade, you see that? No. And the police came on a question to everybody and they thought there was some kind of like a terrorist. They just came on and first everybody and they checked their passports and IDs and just the way it's going to be. It's just part of the picture that the patriotic act is what it is. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. We want to hear about what's his name. That's it. Sorry. I've excuse me. Over and over again. It's line here about all day today tomorrow. Now we from circus, I apologize. Exactly. We're not being tense enough. Do you want to piece of me? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. 21.1% man are whipped up. Even this audience which we have a lot of people who are really quite frankly no care about scroll ball and stuff like that. But man they're whipped up into a psychotic frenzy because we know that there's a way nothing else going on and I have no line. Right. WQAM hello. Hello. Good morning Neil. Yes sir. Shaqline. Listen, how you ran across a new product for people that are in danger of being bored to death by all this Shaq talk. Yeah. It's called the Shaq Alert. It's like the first alert system. You wear it and when you're in danger of something coming out about Shaq, put you to sleep until the danger is passed. I don't need that. If I'm already in a coma soon as I hear the name. Shaq, don't you hate what's going on with that? I don't need that. It's one more good reason that I'm here in your there. I guess I'm going to leave you on. I'm a sports, not two. Yeah. I mean, I don't think I'm going to realize that I was going to go first of all, correct me if I'm wrong. But they knew for many, many, many days ahead of time. If this was just a matter of time, if we're ideal would be a done deal. I was no, no breaking news, nothing new said. I mean, just a formality. That's all. What's the big premise? Yeah. It's insulting to, I think, the sports plan to really enjoy sports and don't have to listen to all this. Well, keep keeping on. There's a difference between a sports fan and a sports nerd. I suppose that's it. I've already paid. And don't forget. Okay. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, the pound, 5, 6, the only AT&T in Verizon Wireless line. We get a big, dark, complicated guy with a big ball head even bigger than Joe roses. Head. And that's it. He's getting a little on the crusty side. Get a little up there in the years. He's not that old. Was he 32, 33? Some like that, Josh. Yeah. Getting a little old. By NBA standards, NBA, like the NHL. Any other advice? Speaking of the NHL, you know, your Panthers may have played the last game, I know the George is disbonding about that. Probably the other reason remembers that to begin out of town. I don't think there might be any of it because it had some talks yesterday the union and the league and the, it's looking really grim for an NHL season. So how about that WHA? Alright. At least it'll be a cheaper ticket, anyway. WQM, hello. And back at you. That's your buddy. WQM, hello. That's the only doubt that a new tackle on that cool. What is it? What do you say? Something about shackle or shackle. Shackle and shackle and jackle. WQM, hello. WQM, hello. WQM, hello. WQM, hello. Did you hire me in I-RIC? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, you see what I'm saying? I have no idea. I have no idea. Oh, absolutely. That's what you have left there right now. Everybody else you have the town around vacation. That's why the, that's why the, Well, such a tremendous elusive is a diversion. It was something. Anything. Just give me something, you know? WQM, shackle. I, you know, I, you're doing. Alright. Got some information. That's rock solid. Number one, check the big dumb animal in a rock solid. Robert. Robert, yeah. I know, you see you were fun in the first 400 times. Give it a rest. See, I like that guy before, but these people, you give him a little encouragement right away. Every single day. You're boring. Okay. We like Robert creeper. Okay. If I told you that once I've told you that, yeah, in times we like Robert creep. We even always are self hating a little of you. And right, we politically confused in the probably a closet case. And couldn't get laden, Amsterdam. Instead of all those things, we don't mind him that much, you know? We got plenty of people who we dislike a lot worse than Robert creeper. WQM, I guarantee of that. Am I right about that? Rory! 1056 at 560. And then of course I could always say, you can't say it, but I could say, break. But then you don't want to get in trouble. I have a better contract. Of course then against sort as the janitor. 1056, 4 minutes before 11 at 560, WQM rolling an hour and a half away from Marlon pregame show. Thank God. Hey, Taribe hearing about the low carb epidemic that's going on. Have you tried to cook for it? And then wasted the money. Hey, the food didn't even get the results you were praying and hoping for. And of course you've heard me talk about balance for life for quite a while now. They've come up with an unbelievable way to afford the program for five dollars off the regular daily price. On. The label. This isn't a special. This is for real. Lifetime membership to balance for life. Anytime you want to enjoy the service, you can resign it. The membership price. What if I told you could have the company prepare three meals and two snacks for you every day? What if I told you that all the meals are based on the successful doctor, Barry or is that Brian series don't die it? What if I told you they'll even deliver it right to your doorstep? What if I told you they give you a menu so you can make your own choices. By the way, that the only company that does that. What if I told you that you will lose weight that you will lower your cholesterol, that you will lower your blood pressure, that it will help your diabetes? I know it sounds stupid to be true, but it is true because I've tried it a lot of folks in our audience to try them. The food is delicious and if you stick with it, it really can work for you. People on balance for life are losing an average of 15 pounds per month and you can be doing the same. So why wait? Call now toll free at 1-866-225-4543. That's 1-866-225-4543 or check them on the web at balanceforlife.com. The food is delicious and if you don't eat it, it's not a good choice. I'm going to eat it. I'm going to eat it. I'm going to eat it. I'm going to eat it. I'm going to eat it. I'm going to eat it. I'm going to eat it. I'm going to eat it. I'm going to eat it. I'm going to eat it. I'm going to eat it. I'm going to eat it. I'm going to eat it. I'm going to eat it. I'm going to eat it. I'm going to eat it. I'm going to eat it. I'm going to eat it. I'm going to eat it. I'm going to eat it. I'm going to eat it. I'm going to eat it. I'm going to eat it. I'm going to eat it. I'm going to eat it. I'm going to eat it. I'm going to eat it. I'm going to eat it. I'm going to eat it. I'm going to eat it. I'm going to eat it. I'm going to eat it. I'm going to eat it. I'm going to eat it. I'm going to eat it. I'm going to eat it. I'm going to eat it. I'm going to eat it. I'm going to eat it. I'm going to eat it. I'm going to eat it. I'm going to eat it. I'm going to eat it. I'm going to eat it. I'm going to eat it. I'm going to eat it. I'm going to eat it. I'm going to eat it. I'm going to eat it. I'm going to eat it. I'm going to eat it. I'm going to eat it. I'm going to eat it. I'm going to eat it. I'm going to eat it. I'm going to eat it. I'm going to eat it. I'm going to eat it. I'm going to eat it. I'm going to eat it. I'm going to eat it. I'm going to eat it. I want to eat it. That's what they call her for sure. $10. It's $0. $0. I just can't get over it. There ain't nothing that don't rhyme with, or I guess you covered that all yesterday with a blanket. It's good. Not completely. In gosh, you're destroyer. to cure a fat for short. Those who don't work quite so well, just call her fat. Here a. 332 votes in 45 minutes. I'm just astounded. You could not be over with a feather at this point. 332. How excited are you about the shack trade? Excuse me about the shack trade. I couldn't give a shipment less. 170 just changing in 335. 170 votes here. I couldn't give a shipment less. And of course that's the rational response. 53.1 percent. Very pumped up. I'm with up into a frenzy. 21.1 percent. Somewhat 62 and who the F is shack 24. As in what is wrong with you people. You absolutely out of your mind. Are you crazy? Are you insane? Are you over the top? Are you out of control? Yeah. Man. You talk about the media being. I couldn't believe it when you kept potting up. Well, which channel did you have on or I guess it was all of them? It was six since. In particular. Oh my god. And even I want to tell you. I don't want to tell you. It tells how to school as the old saying goes. But your rose feels pretty much. He also realizes how ridiculous this is. And he has to put on a happy excited face and you know, the old gap to look. And pretend that he's excited as he's supposed to be. But guess what? Not a chance. And even mufflands he came in this morning and admitted to me that it was just that what went on in that time on two day was nothing short of insanity of mass madness. That's how it would be. Yeah. Man. He said it was a real pain in his back home. But then again. I'm like toilet paper. Fair and height 9.11's impact. Warriors Republicans. Good. Anything that worries Republicans makes me a lot happier. Republicans initially dismissed fair and height 9.11 as they cinematic Scree that were played mostly to invent red bush basures. For all weeks and ninety four million dollars later. The film is still pulling in movie goers at 2000 theaters around the country. Making Republicans nervous as it settles into the American mainstream. With all this history about those Syrians around the plane. We keep coming back to that one scene in the movie again about how many boxes of how many match books and how many cigarette lighter you can carry on the plane. Well, what are they thinking about cigarettes? No, no seriously. How is that possible that even allow anything that's. Combustible or can cause any kind of a spark on a plane. You have to be a lunatic even before 9.11. I'm not sure if of course keep in mind that once upon a time back in the day you could This milk on a lot of planes back in the day. Not probably with pretty good idea. Oops, there's a spark. Oops, we're dead. I'm not sure if it moves voters, you open consultant Scar Wieds said. But if it moves three or four percent has been a success. Two senior Republicans, closely time to the White House said that movie from director Michael Morris seems a political headache Because it has reached beyond the democratic base. Independence and GOP leading voters are likely to be found sitting beside those sets of revelants to picture of a Clueless president with questionable ties to the oil industry. If you are a naive and committed voter wandering to a theater, you aren't going to come away with a good impression of the president Republican operative Joe Gailor would say it's a problem only if a lot of people see it. Well, guess what they are. Based on a record breaking gross of ninety four million dollars through last weekend, theaters already have sold an estimated 12 million tickets to Fahrenheit nine eleven. A Gallup survey concluded July 18th the conduct of July 8th to 11th said. 8 percent of American adults had seen the film at that time, but that 18 percent still plan to see it at a theater and another 30 percent. Not third of men. Finalcy on video. More than a third of Republicans nearly two thirds of Independence told Gailor that they had seen a respected the city of film theaters around video. Third, high nine, level up and in two and may be in locally owned to art theaters, especially out of the firm's and tiny audiences and yati yati yati. But when he sat down to watch the film at the varsity theater in Demo and Iowa last weekend, Rob Sheesley didn't harbor anti bush feelings two hours later. He left for conflicted emotions. You want to respect the president Sheesley said it raised a lot of questions. And on and on, co. So nice going Michael more you go boy and you two lend around setting school those ass wipes at the uh, eleven. What a nice comeback that was. Like it caught it on the bounce. Yeah, that was beautiful. I just a little pause there. Why you can say ass like. Right, or even say white. Wait until you hear this. It's official. Fair channel counter Susan Fennedy. Oh my god. Clear channel communications yesterday filed a counterclam against infinity broadcasting three million dollars in damages tied to clear channels cancellation of the Howard sperm show on six of its stations. Clear channel plans was forced to cancel the show after infinity and stern refused to guarantee that the show wouldn't draw more and decency fines from the FCC. The counter so was filed on the same the York federal court would in which finity on June 30th. About 10 million. By the ten million dollar breach of contracts to the against clear channel over the season the yanks stern from its air waves. The radio show was pulled because Mr. Stern and infinity refused to assure us that future programs would conform to the law. Clear channel chief legal officer Andy Lavins said that was a key term in the agreement. We gave them every opportunity to make good on their word before we permanently retired the show. The van added we simply weren't willing to put the future of our radio station licenses and the hands of Mr. Sterner and Fennedy fortunately our contract doesn't require us to do that. Unfortunately, Greg Reed in position we make it in any moves because they finally are coming to their senses and realizing that he's a manifestly irresponsible lunatic. Is there any other kind? No. There you go. That's two gentlemen. Finally they're adooking it out. But middle class families do. 560560 pound five60 on the AT&T in Verizon line. We're going to do I think 400 by 1115 or close to it. A brand an hour. In the dog days of the summertime when there's nothing going on except. I have no luck. I couldn't give a Schmidt less about check. That's our full question. How's that? Are you about to check trade? You whipped up and he's given sucked in when the frenzy can lump to it all the sheep out there is at it or what? 190 people say they couldn't give it to him at last that's 52.6% very unpumped and whipped up into a frenzy. I'm flasher late myself with chains over here. I'm so excited. 76 people 21% said that. Somewhat somewhat excited 70 and who the F. is. 25. WQA. Hello. Good one. WQA. Hello. Hello. Yes. I'm a very great great movie. I'll be recommend to anybody who has a scene. Only one problem with Michael Moore. He thinks people in your tax bracket should be taxed at 70% what do you think about that? Screw him. Exactly. Bye bye. 560. 560. I didn't say it was perfect. He's fat. Perfect year of mental process many times. 560. I should just do my stuff here. So I think he might get that very well. I think you'd know. Jordan Johnson. going through the cable channels I ended up on the 700 close because I don't know why. For entertainment purposes only of course. But yet I was listening to what they were saying and they had something to talk about President Bush and Prince, what's that guy think? Prince Fandard. Fandard. They were contradicting pretty much what he was in relationship with the Saudis. And I always thought that the right wing Chris is one of Bush's side. Meaning what? Meaning they were saying that that was good and it was bad for business. Yeah. Stuff like that. But I mean, maybe they don't like them right here. They did. They were talking about that. Well, yeah. Actually, because they were saying that the Muslims want to rule the world and all that. So I just thought that they were, yeah, because I thought they were a demographic George Bush has backing him. But I found that they didn't like all the Saudi monkey business that was going on. So I'm just trying to say that and I'm going to show them. OK, everybody. Five six seven. What he's saying? Five six seven. Oh, five six. Eight pound five six. The only eight. He don't understand. So the religions all hate each other. All the believers out there. The one thing they believe in is hate. That's what it's all about. Religion equals hate and tolerance. Everybody hates everybody else all the time is wrong. Think it over. And everybody, a separate body. All the time. That's so well done. It's a flower. That's a good thing. Absolutely for him. I was crazy. And I was. That's it. Well, Larry, that's enough of that for right now. That's it. I love all of these. There's a great day. Thank you, Book of Brian, your fan, our book, even with that balled head. That'd be a good pull question. Who's got the best balled spot? Book of Brian, now the mole, now that we've finally got that must-grade out to pasture. Right? George, Bradford. George, Bradford. He's a good lady. I don't know who that is. Who meant Mike and my sales. They don't know who that is either. And you know what? They're lucky. Stay away from Ed Mike. Let's let people like Mike. Right? A kind of people who hang right on the parking lot every day. And you just never know what today is going to be. Which day that somebody like that very quiet, very strange, are just going to explode. Right. You know what I'm talking about? What are you talking about? Just go up into watch tower. We're like a shotgun and a, of an oozy. Just start to, right? The level of the better. Right. Just start to roll and attack. That's, it's not official, but I'm here in the room that I just started that McDonald's is going to change the name of that burger from big Mac to the big. That's what I'm thinking. Yet. And probably not a bad idea if he asks me. Tony Romans, you're going to order a shack of ribs now. There you go. How about the, well, they had a place called a burger shack. Don't they? But they didn't have it. Come on. Right. I can spell it with a, with a queue. We'll even loan them the queue from WQAM. Or I'll loan them the queue from is in, uh, quizzling. 12 minutes after 11 at five, 60 WQAM, but you're moving a renovating. That's the best time to call 1 800 mattress. Make that first night in Dreamhouse, Heavenly with a brand new top-cauty brand name mattress and dollar mattress. You pick the date and time for delivery to put your move in schedule and dollar mattresses on time, 99.7% of the time. Nobody's got a better selection of queen and king size mattress that says ready for a mattresses sets, cisses for me to deliver it in dollar mattress. When you call 1 800 mattress, you get a great mattress at this kind of unbeatable price. You won't have to shut all around town in the rain in the heat. Vowl mattresses, right number one and customer satisfaction. They were winners of the 2004, better business bureau local torts of excellence award. When you call 1 800 mattress, you're choosing the complete line of ceiling, sort of king-core Simmons temper, paving even turns of an analyst foster. All the smart folks and even some not to bright at QAM, because they know it's a good deal of called 1 800 mattress for their beds. You ought to be doing the same. Okay, we're talking about those vending in departments to as paying for the big overhead, giving an unbeatable deal unbelievable deal at dialometres. Just make that one easy call that would be not gonna on your door at no time at all. 1 800 mattress, 1 800 mATT RES, run line at mattress.com. Lime and local customers, sports radio, 566, you and QAM. Bread and Fagees. Come on, let's go. Fast by the man, Spider-Man, Jim and Cashier in the garbage can. So, in the looks, it is soups. Right now, next to the fighting food, big bucks. Big bucks with Spider-Man. Thanks to Doc, who's an off, cranking up all the models off. So, hopefully, it can be this number one napkin up, solve this big bucks. Big bucks with Spider-Man. Big bucks with Spider-Man. Big bucks with Spider-Man. Big bucks with Spider-Man. There are one chance he can't add. It will make us a free. Spider-Man, Spider-Man, run the fray, and all the guy in stand. He's got guts. There's no doubt all of the models just watch out, they must. Who he has to decide for a winner. He's gonna make it kill. Big bucks with Spider-Man. Ragnet TN5, 16WCM, we had only a little over hour to go. Better talk real fast. Take about 20, 30,000 phone calls between now and Marlon Pre-Game Time, 1230. Marlon set the fills, 105. The hump-rack to the ball game, and then the big touches he is. Watch saw that, 70K of 10, what is the gambling report? The under is in the overs and the ins and the outs. WCUAM, hello. Yeah, can I see the door? Yeah, let's go ahead. Is this door? Yes. Wonder why you didn't talk about that, whether yesterday, the reddish or six page letter that you wouldn't talk about. There was another 80 in another station that right the whole goddamn thing. See, there he goes. He blew it up to one of those words that we can't say. It's something with damn, f***, right? Yeah. That ridiculous six page letter that we didn't want to talk about not warning. I just got to your tell me about that minutes ago. If you have one ear, even that works with a little bit of waxy buildup, maybe, but even so have somebody write it out for you and sure in the literature. Yeah, we're keeping it from them. Right, it was on our website days ago. It's an old story by now. It's getting similar to last year's motto, okay? Give us a break already. All right, about the Syrian musicians on the plane and this hyperventilating hysterical bitch from the women's Wall Street Journal, right, and a big similar about. It's interesting. Nobody else is making a big deal about it. Once they did their investigation, they checked it all out and come to find out that she's a little over the top. But we'll look at it like that. Yeah. That's another idiot wrote. And we don't really give a crap. Who else was talking about it? If you're so impressed, somebody else talked about it. Go listen to them, okay? Whoa! Forget about it. We don't need anybody programming the program. Got it? Why didn't you read that letter, George? Line 9, WQAM, hello. Deal? Yes, sir. Yes, this is Mike and Girls Point, Michigan. Hey, Mike, how you doing? Good, how are you? Here's what I got. It's got a few bucks. He's in Gross Point. That's right. Good. Hey, you think that Shaq is going to matter against Detroit? All right. Oh boy. Let me ask you this. Can I see something? Sure. Who cares? See, there's a guy he's not listening on the show online. He has no idea what we're talking about. He evidently is one of these people that went and looked at a thing in Miami. Our sports station, WQAM, he got the call in number, and he calls in, I don't care, okay? We don't care about Shaq on this show, okay? We've got 20 hours of the girls up the butt, all right? God, I'm fine. In fact, that should have been a model of the station. On Tuesday, we got Shaq up the butt. That's right. See it again. Stop, up the butt. Stop, up the butt. Stop, up the butt. Stop, up the butt. Stop, up the butt. Yeah. I just put that on an endless loop, okay? Stop, up the butt. Who gives a flying crap who's going to IQ larger than their toenail, okay? You English still in gross point. Here's the guy that's got some money, of course, anyone who lives in Detroit, what else you're going to do? He says, sitting in the row, worried about a bunch of big black guys. Yeah. Oh, this way, tell me, start moving to gross point, baby. That's right. In fact, maybe Shaq and some of his buddies will shack up their gross point. Then you'll have what for, then you'll have some really be concerned about. Then they'll have to move you back to Palmer Woods in Palmer Park. For 120s, we votes. I'm at pull. That's pretty exciting, isn't it? Yeah. We'll take it. That means that all 50 of the people are listening to voted each time. And some. 423. How are you sitting there? You about the Shaq trade. I couldn't give a shmit last voted 15. Almost 51%. Somewhat is moving ahead of very much. Somewhat 92, very excited. I'm pumped 89, 21% and who the F. Shaq 27, 6.3%. We're just adamant. They don't want to know from it. They don't want to hear from it. Nothing. WQAM. Hello. WQAM. Hello. QAM. It's really good on these days when we're not building the poll. This is proof positive. What we've said for almost 30 years. I'm turning them. WQAM. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, Neil. Tell everybody a least tell November to get off Shaq, watch this not chat. Yeah, okay. 560, 5060, 5060, on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line, the Tom that refused to care, the Tom that refused to think, the Tom that refused sounds pretty good, don't it? Yeah, we'll take it. Probably. WQAM. Hello. To other. Yes. Yes. I want to ask them if they know something right now. Just graduated from basic training in the Army. Yeah. They charge it when he's on his way. I racked now. Okay. They charge them $234 a month for his food out of a private's pay. Yeah. That comes after the taxes. And they charge them $75 for a pair of sneakers in the, when he was in basic. Yeah, what would you like me to do about it? What I want to know is that legit? Yes. $75 for a pair of sneakers and they're buying them in 100 to 1000? Right. I just don't get to this. Well, probably that's the same. Maybe he owns a little piece in Nike or something. I don't know. Get out of here. I don't understand. It says in basic training he signed up he volunteered. We don't have a draft yet. And she's belly aching okay. Just go with it. Go with a flow honey. Go with a program. Get with it. Right. Lay back and think of England. Quit the vision. I say 70560 pound five 60 on the AT and C in Verizon Wireless line. What a lot of place man. It is just a scary thing. I noticed carrots didn't make his presence felt this morning. Thank goodness. He knows better. As low as my opinion was that that child before Tuesday morning his performance on Tuesday. Oh, well, you can leave it one because we don't want to have those drop-ins on here. We have to handle this thing very seriously. You need to understand. You don't get to magnitude this event. Okay. Yeah. All right. I get it. We're working with a bunch of simple things man who are like just so far over the top. Just grab it out of this thing for an bleeding it and just squeeze in the juice out of it for all they can. So I try to get blood out of a rock. I'm not going to say it. I don't know. W. W. M. Hello. W. W. W. M. Rock and roll. Oh, God. See what I'm saying? So holy. We are scraping whatever is under the barclos on the bottom of the ship. Would you like to want to look there? Holy crap. W. K. W. M. Hello. You got to play that shack up the button again. It's hilarious. Yeah. I love it. Yeah. I bet you do. Yeah. Bet you do this. We don't. 5. 6. 7. 5. 6. I got to read this article. It's on our website. Scott C. Smith writes the drug guy to internet journalism. Rips misd drugs and ass and deservedly so. Black Dome works when you mention ass misfudge gets all of it. And there's another one for your bald pole. That's right. That's so stupid. The hat that she wears. By the way, Miss Fudge, I tried to click on something about the math demon that we had on your website and it went to, you know, you're not entitled to look at this page. You better get your links straight now. Sweet heart. This fudge is high paid paid for on livestock and vagal's misfudge, self-hating juve fag and have a nice day. 26 past 11. I'll tell you one thing we're getting, well, that's why they're busy voting on the pole over and over again. Because look at that, I'm pumped. Is this past somewhat if you put them two together though, it's 43%. That's the scary part. 43% now, do you believe at any point in the almost in the six and a half years have been on this radio station? You believe that at any point if we ask, are you an NBA fan or are you a heat fan that anywhere near 43% would have said yes? No. No chance. No chance. None. Which goes to show you that 43% even of this astute audience, this supposedly, uh, a crust above, uh, mentally. And you just need to just hear it. The sampling. Are still getting sucked in by the media hype. That's what it's all about. Life in America is just a hype. Whoever screams allowed us to make the most noise. That's it. Hey, when you go out to eat, are you sick and tired of trying to figure out which menu items are low carb? What if I told you that there is an affordable fast food, low carb restaurant, then actually cares about your nutrition and offers you an entire menu that really is low carb. Cutting carbs can't face the name of the place. It's a fast food, low carb restaurant that can't afford to all you low carb diners up there. Stop in and try their pounds of weight pizza that's low on carbs with a high on taste. And all kinds of fantastic goodies on them. And you like way out wraps, carbon deas with low carbs. In fact, they got like the cheesy carb. But he is going to lay seven at carbs. These so-be salads, the soups, healthy way treats, including even factory software of ice cream too. Delicious enticed and very low in carbs. Cutting carbs cafe located just outside the saw rest meals. Small on sunrise, blah blah. You can call it a nine five four five one four. Oh, oh, oh, one or check them on a web at cutting carbs cafe.com. See their delicious low carb wraps. Pizza's case of the asup salad snacks and even ice cream like I said. Cutting carbs cafe where you can din in or take it out. Just outside the saw rest meals. Small on sunrise, blah blah. Stop fire calm two day at nine five four five one four. Oh, oh, oh, oh. One. My life is lost. This is for three of my six. Two ways to weigh. Gotta thank his old man. We've got him out of the at name. He hit and now a bear must somewhere. Then he had to sail his dry oil well. Saudi oils made him a millionaire. What's a harboring animal? What no way he could fail? Then he'll dunk him when off to jail. What do you got run out? A steady friend's head cloud. But no further anchors, I'm still close with says friends and high whiteesses. We're teaching, and they end watch oneniz, Kulumbah, kangalea. Hill part in hills. Thaies. truths. You are the one who wants in all places. When you're born rich, you've got all the ice-saves George Bush's friends. How do you say this? Amen. I'm 32, 28, I told you, at 5.60, there's Thomas Kane with the 9, 11 commission report. But remember also. OK. Let's see, Scott C Smith, who is a writer from Beaterton, Oregon, no less commenced for the website counterbised.com. He writes the drug guide to internet journalism. Says, math drugs likes to think of himself as a journalist. Anyone who's visited his website, the drug report, knows that the site is essentially a collection of links to other sites, and the occasional bit of reporting that's in quotes by math drugs. Not that math drugs actually has any education or training as a journalist. The closest drugs came to the media was managing a CBS gift shop. In 1995, the earliest version of the drug report debuted as an email newsletter. The drug report website was launched in 1997. And one of the largest earliest scoops was the revelation by Kathleen William Bill Fitten, that the Bill Fitten and essentially Propositionary on Federal Property according to the August 18th, 1997 issue of newsweek. Drug drop in reports, what he hears without verifying the source, I have no editor to judge told newsweek. I can say whatever I want. Drug does get the occasional exclusive, but more often than not, he's essentially a dumpster in a dive of internet news, looking for scraps that legitimate news outlets have thrown away, or relying on verified email tips from readers. What propelled my drug into the national spotlight was his exclusive, again in quotes report, I'm Monica Lewinsky's affair with Bill Clinton. Michael Isakov of Newsweek did the actual reporting on the Lewinsky Clinton affair, but when Newsweek decided to scan the story, drugs took his across material and ran with it as a drug report exclusive. Drug specializes in the sensational throwing out real bits of newsmixed in with gossip and in UNDOL when people listen. Drug is website gets millions of hits a day. Drug favors the conservative point of use are right we're missing count on drugs to pass along stories about Democrats that put them in a negative light. For example, during the 2000 presidential campaign, the following headlines appeared on the drug report about Al Gore. Gore campaign files fly flagged backwards violation of federal code. Father of Internet endorses Al Gore, a popular conservative line about Al Gore is the Gore-Flandle of invented the internet. Gore said homosexuality had normal and wrong about not to take money from gay groups. The sensational headline does not mention that the story was from 1981. This was just a small sampling from drugs. Clearly, drug is agenda is conservative, understand with the century. Now that the 2004 presidential race is underway, drug is doing as part of public sensational stories about the Democratic candidates. The rights that is sites on John Kerry on January 27, 2004 reporting that Kerry had taken Botox for wrinkles. The judge posted alleged before an after-photographs of Kerry. Kerry's campaign denied the charge nor does that matter to not the time matters to drugs. Another drug exclusive in February was that Kerry had a mistress. Again, the charge was unfoude and quickly refuted. If anything, drugs is dedicated to his task. The judge made much to do about nothing in March with a story again in quotes that Kerry called a secret service agent a name after the man bumped into Kerry while Kerry was snowboarding, causing Kerry to take us spill. Oddly enough, the judge did a little reporting of the incident in the Senate on June 22, when Vice President Dick Cheney called Senator Patrick Lee here Vermont the effort. On July 8th, the big drug's scoop was that John Edwards and John Kerry were gay, of course, to our judge never actually used the words gay or homosexual, but rather made this and gets him with a series of photographs in some breathless prose, hugs kisses to the cheek, affectionate touching of the face, caressing of the fact, grabbing of the arm fingers to the neck, rubbing of the knee, whacked him. John Kerry and John Edwards can't keep their hands off each other. On July 19th, Raj had two exclusive scoops, throats dredged up to Terry Botos reference with a twisted Kerry had gone back to wrinkles. After opting for a fresh face look for most of the campaign year, the presidential hopeful John Kerry was boldly gone going back to wrinkles read the scoop of the century. The second story is an example of just how dishonest a reporter again that word is in quotes, mad drudges. Under a huge ban of headline, you're not gonna have to look for us on vacation. Throats ran a series of photos of John Kerry engaging in numerous activities in the quote from John Kerry saying, you're not gonna have to look for us on vacation. You're gonna find us Terry and John Edwards working for America. However, drudges offers no context or does he offer any dates for when the photos were taken, perhaps drunk carries an active gang that's a lot on a weekend. He wouldn't know it from drudge, fact checking verification, accuracy, these are concepts for a mad drudge, drudge distorts and he decides. I should have said drudges' dredges' dredges' dredges' and she decides what it should be saying. We got the pregame Marlon Pregame show at 1230, and I say noon, that sounds like a plan. At 1230, then we got the volume of 105. I will say this. If you're inclined to listen from 12 to 1230, I wouldn't get too carried away because we have nothing but spots in there for half an hour. In fact, you might want to ask Clarence, maybe I should just bail out a noon. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Yeah, like on Tuesday, mad that you could do the pregame. Or the play, and we can have mad at you. In fact, mad drudges' dredges' dredges' dredges' dredges' dredges' dredges' dredges' dredges' dredges' dredges' dredges' dredges' dredges' dredges' dredges' dredges' dredges' dredges' dredges' dredges' dredges' dredges' dredges' dredges' dredges' dredges' dredges' dredges' dredges' dredges' dredges' dredges' dredges' dredges' dredges' dredges' dredges' dredges' dredges' dredges' dredges' dredges' dredges' dredges' dredges' dredges' dredges' dredges' dredges' dredges' dredges' dredges' dredges' dredges' dredges' dredges' dredges' dredges' dredges' dredges' dredges' dredges' dredges' dredges' dredges' dredges' dredges' dredges' dredges' dredges' dredges' dredges' dredges' dredges' dredges' dredges' dredges' dredges' dredges' dredges' dredges' dredges' dredges' dredges' dredges' dredges' dredges' dredges' dredges' dredges' dredges' dredges' dredges' dredges' dredges' kiwi' dredges' dredges' dredges' dredges' dredges' ced glamorous pktion ... dredges' dredges' to был dredges' pktion dredges' dredges' nesra' dredges' dredges' dredgs' ge' He is listening online. So that's we apologize for that don't we? Yes, but he owes us an apology for calling us an stupid basketball court I apologize because if he's listening online, he should know better to say no stupid sports show We don't really give a crap about Detroit and about shack and he I don't care and now one teeny tiny little bit I didn't care before Tuesday. I don't care now I'm not gonna be some fully fanwagon jeper. That's the number one patch time in South Florida Fanwagon jumping Am I right? Absolutely no What was Tony fans wow? Talk about the land of make believe 24 known at five 60 WQAM When we come back after the break when I go over 500 votes on there And I want to have all right It had something that means we got the several people out there vote no over over Let me tell you about dry concepts. I've talked about these people for a long long time I'm on a show in fact. I've used him in my homestover 20 years personally They've been in town since 1779. It was sounds like 25 years to me and the reason that they're still around is because they're the best Nobody does a job for you making your carpet sort brand new like dry concepts and nobody gives you better deal all the way around because they give you a written guaranteed price up front before they start the work no tech ons no surprises No phony 595 for room scans of that BS just a stupidness unbeatable job of sucking out the deep down dirt in your carpets Wait under in the fibers. They can't see with naked eye which leaves them really really clean I mean just like brand new they drive a couple of hours. They smell them any fresh So you really can clean today entertained tonight. Not just a slow-venty reality when you call dry concepts and when you do make that phone call You can say the next 15% off there already unbeatable price by having you put on a stand by list Just say put my name on your stand by list. They'll call you when they have an opening and they'll be over and do their job no time at all Pick up that phone and call them right now for your carpeting your furniture your draper your expensive Area oriental rugs call tool free 1-800-248-507-1 because nobody in the world is a job for you like dry concepts 1-800-248-507-1 or check them on your web at dryconcepts.com Let's let's the trick to achieving longevity and that's the way I think about off Completely mad leaves abused drugs in yeah party. Let's take some calls Johnson City Tennessee is on with us You've got Nick and Jessica go ahead. Hi Ryan. This is Andrea. Oh hi Andrea Jessica this is true. You don't drink milk because you can't see your head in the carton. Yeah, yeah, I'll admit it Well, is it also true that you hired a private detective? My daughter feel related to a home and part of some sweet. Yes I don't know what I'm gonna do other she's out of control. I love this Ohio you're on yeah I can see advertisements on the internet about it Nick and Jessica sex tape. Is that really you guys definitely Yeah, we have a clip take a look at Nick and Jessica make it yeah Why can I get a copy of that in store you get it now? Yeah, I know regrets and deciding to do this Somehow we're so happy we did it. We are so happy we get off our stuff like that. Very gratifying for us 145 I think you can pick it up that you're a neighborhood farmstor and also get that carton and milk at the same time I am so tired of them. It's just a fact that pulled you had yesterday I've heard the two of them Sure, I mean I just they're all over the place. It's like wall the wall even almost as bad as but not quite 523 votes we did it. What did I tell you when we came back after the break we'd have over 500 votes on there And not that that means anything, but I just thought I mentioned it last you after the United States and faded it Rad Carlos Delgado now George I'm sure you're very familiar with Carlos Oh yeah, he's a favorite Carlos Delgado when his own quiet way said that for him and nothing was enough Delgado they threw on a blue jays slugger by the way Who would they wish her to hell would wave his no trade clause and get there a lot of here But he won't and what if America's most respected players in baseball had stood for the playing of Godless America games to be 2000 three season but vowed not to do so this season In an act of simple mostly I noticed protests most I noticed because nobody watches the blue jays And why should they waste their time most I noticed protests against the war in Iraq Delgado a 32 year old first baseman is chosen to remain in the dugout while God bless America's played you go boy I go and Carlos I'm trying not to get anyone mad he said I'm on the in Oakland. This is my personal feeling I don't want to withdraw attention to myself for a lot of my way to protest if I make the out in the life of the seven thinning I'll stand there but I'd rather be in the dugout Good for him says what you're wrote in the New York Times And the world of mainstream sports where cookie cutter athletes really take a stand on any issue Let alone one is highly charged as a war Delgado is unafraid a question a ritual day doesn't agree with Delgado's protest has been so subtle That baseball commissioner, but ceiling didn't even know about it till I called him on Monday says William Roden Rodent When you call me today you actually startled me you said from his office in Milwaukee See like later where the statement he had prepared on Delgado. I'm in the process of getting more information But eventually I like to sit down discuss it with Carlos see you like said I'm very sensitive to this kind of issue Both as a matter of respect for our country and for ones rights or expenses opinion See league was a major Cool in the aftermath of 9.11 order all teams to play God bless America and Zephyne a political statement in the games I don't honestly think that we politicized the issue ceiling so it's calling in a matter of respect after all We do have troops in a back in Afghanistan with all your respect to see league one sky bless America became a political statement I'd play like Delgado became free to express his own political views At any rate I just mention it anybody care about Carlos Delgado Oh, because what does he have to do with right? That's just that when you look at this poll I mean did this proves how you people are being led by the nose just like Ali on same thing was it a big story? Oh, it should have been it was it of any significance to anybody out there said people are related. Oh, no But whatever the media says if they tell you to jump through hoopsie how high do I have to jump you know? Yeah, exactly Ben hoops professional hoops Right, see how it all ties in together No, seriously, if the matter of fact I'm thinking of you love Shakira's tongue Yeah, I'm going to meet you for a second You love her new album Shakira sings other people say I'm By recording her first English language album and now she's taking her art form to the next level by re recording songs They were already in today list fully this time very English Shakira seems other people since She's really really really like her new city I will say this I do love Pira Yeah, what's not to like right she's great 1149 11 before new we're just we're just killing some time I realized now more than ever before I was I wasn't positive I've many times been like a leading to the marlin game or some other sports event of press conference But we're just like the film material be ready. I important sports crap comes on That's really constant because the sports is rock solid. I mean we're just like hanging on by a thread Wait till a week from today when that book comes out right the whole book will be out on next Thursday Can't wait. Oh, no, that's right comes out on Wednesday. I believe isn't it when you're on Wednesday. Yes So next Thursday since we have another sure show another two and a half hour show before tomorrow game That'll probably kill all of that time a good part of it between 10 and 12 30 so don't overdo it on Wednesday 567 over 680 you probably gonna want to take a lot of these great calls pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line WQAM hello The drag line is what we're gonna call now before we had the the loser line And we got the drag line That's all we got left WQAM hello WQAM hello There you go. That's a medley of our call right there. That's it 560 There isn't one person yet who's called it even with this poll we're taking it and tell us why they had no interest before in a heat in the NBA In professional basketball ever in their lives and all of a sudden they're whipped up into a friends and they're voting as they are in his pool not one Not a one Has the co-hones because they don't want to admit that they're just a bunch of bandwagon jumping foams That would be too embarrassing right so many right recognize the voice WQAM hello Okay, thank you. WQAM hello WQAM hello WQAM hello 560 50 50 50 50 50 50 we have one of these in a long time. You know it yeah not long enough No, because people and that business that was randomly I told us this morning that business about extending the contract New and all this other crap. I was just having a Brain fart a senior moment Forget about that weakness but if anybody ever asked me what you're gonna miss most about doing a show of mine me for all of these years Certainly the colors would have to be right Oh yeah the great phone call hoodies you missed that oh you got food from Tony's to the Yeah, thank you Brad. Thank you Brad over there Tony's you're great There at the North West second Avenue and somewhere Well 93rd Street and they are just fine Peaches and subs and all kinds of good stuff. They've been very nice to us. They've been great to us over the years and thank you this for that WQAM hello Yes, sir You'd like to be on the radio well listen if you got a good one. Hop right on it. Okay. He wants to be on the radio You got a little teeny tiny feet and a one of the big old console GE radios like I used to have his little kid just hop right on it for just tipped over and probably gonna break their antiques 560 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon will look searching for the perfect call WQAM hello Yes, Mr. Color. Yeah, it's good to have you back. Elporos and for no crazy. Yeah So just want to let you know that you on let me know that okay Well, I don't really give her crap. How do you like that if you're if he boards you're crazy? Then don't listen when he's on okay if I bore you crazy then no listen what I'm on you got no material You're an idiot. I have no line just don't I let you know that kiss your ass That's a little raspberry for you. Okay little things. I know it. Yeah, well that a sneaker no See you can't say that now to start with the sneakers again. That wounds going to call black about $7.00 a secret okay Good thing they're giving them all Nike's probably cost them like too fitting WQAM hello You sure You know with them wondering if you see me show on the history channel About secret secret societies no They had a show on there over the weekend. I've seen it before, but it has to do with our president there Seeing in a secret society in a senior year. Yeah, we know it's old news. Oh, yeah, we know about 567.05. Maybe if you had a secret handshake, okay? I know that stuff. I'd like to give people a secret handshake You are not alone guys a little finger on the palm of the hand WQAM hello Hey, yeah, yes, sir. It is a J. You're asking not to donate but yeah, what I'm saying about bandwagon Phil yeah, I'm not a bad little fat with my wife now. She wants to watch the NBA Because you know, the sack is on the down here Miami That's it that's the only reason we don't want to watch basketball now You mean they're actually gonna be people who go to the arena who are gonna not just Show up at the game, but they're actually gonna watch the game as opposed to going up upstairs And he's cruising and smoking and drinking and not paying attention what's going on. That's good Yeah, but I put in the accomplishment Yeah, well, I feel because for example Michael Jordan people pay tickets to you know the see Michael Jordan They want the experience To watch the same league with Michael Jordan. I Wouldn't say that Jordan took the league to the next level, but yeah, you know, the second making a big impact He's making a very big impact It breaks my heart makes me want to cry all day Good luck, you're palmy Take it say I had to make yours and okay one of a few bucks times their tough Hope he's having a good time in Europe and in Israel as he's probably what they're suffering Also, but I'm money that daddy left behind at 9 billion 567.056 Pond 5 see I want to give you a couple of little many call me crazy you're crazy. I know that because I don't care about But I will say this if I don't like as you know, I don't like fish. I like some seafood I like Well, I don't want to say a Josh can say it. Yeah, and yeah, and the like lobster stuff like that But I don't like fish So if there's an all fish restaurant See whatever I'm going with this wait going To know the try to figure about the NBA out of care about probascape all it would make in a difference What or what or what flavor or how good if you had an all fish restaurant? It's an all year really going to love it I still wouldn't go there because I don't like fish following I as if it's like I said I want me to go to the heat game now because shines here But I'm just not to you, but I'm just a secret taking it personal. I'm just in general. I don't get it. No. I don't know And even as little attention as I play, I mean you don't have to be a rocket scientist or an NBA fan Realize that putting shack heel on heel in the same category with Michael Jordan you have to be like some kind of a bozo You have to be making like a real stretch even Josh Curtis would agree with that damn right? I don't see the difference both ball-tetted Yeah, good point Basketball pick a non-sat Or you're gonna be out man Probably get a call a dog probably we get a call to sacked a known From Greg okay, Rachel it no actually being next week when the book comes out congratulations Another good ratings of by the way have decided to terminate anti Yeah, you better watch yourself still still That got him here Four minutes still known at five sixty WQM when you're moving a renovating that's the best time to make that call and get you a great night sleep from dialometrist Make that first I do dreamhouse heavily with a brand new top quality name brand mattress from our friends of dialometrist You picked it eight and time for delivery to figure move in schedule when is convenient for you and dialometrist is on time 99.7% of the time nobody's better selection of queen and king size mattress is the valometrist ready for immediate delivery When you call 1 800 mattress right now you'll get a great mattress and an unbeatable discount price without the you're slumping around without wasting gas and getting all sweat it up That on mattress is right number one and customers satisfaction they were winners of the 2004 that are business Bureau local torts of excellence award when you call 1 800 mattress You'll choose from the complete line of ceiling surd a king coil Simmons never pedic ad even stirrens and foster hue it Everybody with a brain a QAM which is a limited number of called dialometrist you ought to be doing the same I've been using them for years wouldn't think of getting a mattress any other way Log onto their website mattress.com or for a great night sleep for years to come just make that one easy call Sit there on your big fan asked reach over grab that phone and call 1 800 mattress 1 800 m a TTR ES 165 The You Mark Morgan is the 12 to one hour on Q 8 Hey basketball fans what could be better than watching your favorite players slam down How about watching them get dunk in the slamer you can with the only in the hey criminal leave Yes, all your favorite players on the court are now in court. This will be right Terral Armstrong's been stabbed by clever Robinson Chris Fembers Jerry Stackhouse and of course Allen I versus A Well, the NBA Superstars are in lockdown the action is locked up the NBA criminal leave The most five in prison. Oh They've gone from committing fouls to committing felonies and you can be a material witness to all the drama with the NBA criminal The Promote to the five sixty wqa and we are really Intensive at arrest of the for the foreseeable future. I would say right now the end of time to the guitars Oh, and even then beyond over and above 562 votes on the pool how are said at a you about the shine trade? I couldn't give it from it less 275 49% very excited I'm pumped I'm fired up and whipped up to a frenzy 127 22 an amp percent Some one hundred sixteen and who the f.a. Shack 44 some 20 percent so you got 43.1 percent they and I just wondering one thing That's all I'm asking What do you mean? I mean if it's good for soft Florida if it's good for something Even if it's good for nothing, and well good And here's what I says who cares about this speaking 9 11 commission. We got yeah, who cares about this stuff? But now we've been warned we're gonna see there you go We got a warning And George has got his warning that if you don't care more about his out So now mandatory it's probably gonna be everybody's contract And you can just pretend to carry you have to like really care it's like religion you can't just pretend to believe in God You got to believe man you got to really believe in the Lord. All we're a shack bubble head dollar on my neck excellent And even where I'm all flat top piece two of your WQAM hello Yes, sir. Yeah, I take you out of hell. I start having a shackle. Oh, yeah, somebody sees him out on my highway or something Or she's hiding jacks hiding like you have the pickle earth right? I think that would be great. I explain we'll start that right away It's a matter of fact I heard some of that banter that was going on that you kept putting on your on Tuesday from channel 6 and 7 and 4 in the 89 and 69 and Oh, the one guy. Oh, I'm so excited to be here to see him to why Why I don't get it. I don't understand that. He's No, seriously why what why would you drive anywhere to see a guy who plays a sport or who's I just don't get it. I'm sorry. It's traffic. Oh, I forgot about that Man you wonder why the world is in the shape that it's in right now right there Did just that episode on Tuesday the hysteria even muffs it that he would just Embarrassed and humiliated by it. Would you like to feel relaxed once again? Oh, God what a thought 567. Oh 560 and we gotta get these breaks in man But sounds like it's all spots radio in the Sanfawret is cuz we got the Marlin pregame in 1230 maybe to which we say I love the Marlin and let me ask it. I'm all in small potatoes because I've been going through some rocky road lately Don't say rocky road. I want to stay on my thing now, please We're doing extremely well nine and a half pounds very good. I next week by two. They'll be under 190 I'll be like 180 something 180 87 for the first time out years. Yeah I'm back it away from that 200 thing and the dude very nicely. Thank you Five minutes past noon at five 60 all the spots all the time It's matter fact another break already Well, they don't care about the show and I certainly don't care about this show even a sports show They don't care that much about but they wouldn't be putting like 45 minutes of spots on an hour We're saying always have done we're just a bunch of horrors and only at least on this stage and we admit it Let me answer this is your company suffering from regulation the increased labor cost let away Is outsourcing help you when it comes to the people side of your business Pay world administration fortune 500 company employee benefits human resource services and risk management Are just a few of the services that Oasis outsourcing him cover to help your business be more profitable Call Oasis outsourcing the day for a free ride Oation in one eight six six at Oasis That's one eight six six two eight six twenty seven forty seven But more than 60 thousand employees worldwide Oasis outsourcing understands the many facets of human resource management outsourcing has been recognized by firms large and small as a profit management choice Which does you focus on your core business while leaving the operational details to Oasis outsourcing So let the folks at Oasis outsourcing make your business more profitable feel like a free of either way You're for your business with absolutely no obligation colored tool free number just call one eight six six at Oasis That's one eight six six two eight six twenty seven forty seven four Oasis outsourcing Sule M Any talker or did he talk it Charles O clearly of the NBA's Toronto Raptors has made a shocking revelation the former New York Nick claims that 60% of the NVA is on dope wacky weed hot do weas Ras we as some high profile NBA players if it was true and let a hog center to campaign will tumble I like to add to you and that question But my tongue has become on hoot on me and we've been with us with no Los Angeles like a guard called be Bryant dude dude Philadelphia 76 are guard Allen Iverson that's whack wickety rack wickety wickety wickety wack You'll manage in a my roastman and the leaves elder statesman John Stockton from the Utah Jazz That is one hundred percent false sometimes there's a little boogie to entry as a younger players Favorite of hip music but no kind of NBA nothing but Call the 11 at five 60 W to come this 19 minutes away Oh from a big game show for the Marlon Phil again game time on O five in Philadelphia 567. Oh five 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line as we asked the musical questions a WQAM hello You know how you doing okay? Well first I want to say that the Spectacle on local news the other day which act bus conference with funny and it was actually kind of a joke. I couldn't believe it But then the other thing I wanted to bring up to you One And the other one to bring up with sort of an observation I find a humorous I want to see what you thought You know any time one of those pickers has to do a prayer that you do the word just about 30 times Oh, I'd just like to ask the word to just be blessed and Justin just I'd like to see them do one You know prayer without even the word just what do you think? What do you say That's what I thought he said five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 a thys it's on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line WQAM hello Yeah, we're like the no shacks the long-time Keep emotional WQAM Hey, you know my boy and Gordy house home. It's the whalers. Yeah. That was pretty cool too And then Harry reason or God. I never got over it That was great See I got you a little faith No, just keep talking away and sooner later after the first 40 50,000 maybe not even 40 or 50 30,000 man then you get one of really just six with his 60 ribs kind of like WQAM hello QAM yes, sir About what I wanted to put it a claim to try to get Jim wrong over there no chance No chance The camp on a pita's a thousand dollars a second Yeah, good loss shmuck Put a claim and to get Jim wrong over there Jim wrongs on 14 hundred idiot Gentlemen, and Tony Bruno we're gonna have it to tell you you 15 sports nerds out there that can't get enough of the same Seriously the whole sports nerds thing to me just I can't say it enough nothing compares There is nothing I've ever experienced in my lifetime of any sort whether it's the religious not to me This is a religion right this is the same category so religion only What's what's the payoff right and of course is how full of the payoff is oh? I feel better about myself because we we won we did this way. Yeah, we my ass. Okay. We Good god almighty. We the speaking French now again like that guy from lutes We we We we yeah exactly you Tom Joe and let me say it again even Joe Rose the F. Jackson. There for himself He used to take a lot of showers with Mad Dog named plan the same team Even he believes it's ludicrous it's embarrassing. It's pathetic. It's livable These psychosis in the aberrit behavior in South Florida over some dumb jocks and in a Comfort for millions and millions and dollars like this is gonna change all of the other things that it go on I guess you know it's a good diversion makes people forget about where they really are the stuff that's going on. I have no line right 12 14 another break already you bet because we just want to money baby We don't care about him. You can take GM role. In fact, you can take him to wrong that probably turn him down Take one look at him. I took Piki a man Get his ass out of there. It's not like a 10 year old the grade school kid on here Hey the deals are heating up right now the 2000 from model year is winding down Tarr that old gas goes to the redraven you want a new car truck that will give you dependability and reliability Then you need to get on down to Armstrong Toyota homestead today on US 120 minutes south of the 36th Worthed drive to save thousands on new Toyota's right now Armstrong Toyota homestead is throwing our all remaining O-force and passing great savings on to you Lisa and O-4 can we at least a day and 48 month leaves just 279 a month with no money down Looking for a great truck how about the Toyota? So come on 4 by 4 it can be yours and you get a thousand dollars cash back from Toyota what's not to like? Looking for the hottest new cars around be sure and take a look at the Armstrong Toyota homestead They're local owned and operated they feature like family. They'll make you a deal Let you just can't turn down their service departments even open late to late. We'd nice to make sure all your service work is done Armstrong Toyota homestead was the first even off your feet tires batteries for life and now They're the first to offer your free replacement parts for life that is absolutely correct tires batteries and free parts for life. Nobody else be doing that you will get a better deal on your Toyota anywhere in town So it's worth a drive on down there just 20 minutes south of the VIII six at the corner of US one and two 93rd street in a homestead No patents which no fully deals just on beat of a low every day prices 365 They see your driver little and Saviton on that new Toyota only at Toyota of homestead Molly pops little boy no matter how unfair it may seem people judge you by the word you You like this one I will go red what were did you say? If you express your thoughts like a dysfunctional retard the only way you'll make it in life If you're born into enormous will then have a father with friends in high places I will gargant unless you learn cooked on brain cells It's an easy to use guide on great big words like Situation learn fancy fancy leaders words where you want when you want that's poor being blisch too But no matter to order your hope done brain cells call 1 800 It's 1225 60 minutes the countdown just come in as away from the Marlon pregame show all right Of course it often is gonna really stink this year is gonna be like 7 and 9 maybe 8 and 8 would a little bit of luck They have so like some really blind officials during one of the games looking the other way but what does that matter anymore? Madness right that pales and missing panthers we may have a lock out the season knows and we wait and put it a great announcement broadcast the panther games on radio on QAM hockey with that right and Of course as far as the Marlon's are concerned well they've been playing under 500 since those first nine games since that eight and one start They've been like floundering especially lately They're what are they third or fourth now third place? Yeah the type of third time for third three games back oh No, so they're only three games out, but you know under 500 I believe where they'd back to 500 500 500 even Steven So to have it a fine year not a great year, but they're fine year by all measures, but now it's the mediocre or division like I say you keep arguing, but it is But what would we care about that you know when we got Right Right I mean you talk about phony Man, oh man they're running around this is the only place in the world where people after the Marlon's one-to-world series last season The people are going out and buying Marlon Perfine and then the following day after the parade going back to the stores to try to return it for a refund I think what we ought to do is I got a great idea rent a uniform Yeah, you go for all the bad wagon jumpers right a calf rent a jersey rent a sports Shmata something right banner because we know that once the team goes into crap or that you're not gonna want any part of that who it'll once that What is and what does that have to do with five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on a 18 and 10 for lines in wireless line W QA and hello Speak what you think about For the The tourism for Miami the whole check is crack. I like it the crack. She acts sounds good We've got the crab track how about the crack crash All right, I think I had an elevator. I'll go in partners with a palpity 50 make a fortune We could retire by the end of next week the crack the crack. Yeah, I think there's a few of those already in town The are the really Like that one kitty corner of the station there like an I'm Jerry wrote five six seven. Oh five 60 Right by the barber shop. They're pound five 60 on a 18 and see Next to where they sell the meat pies they cut a real fine and a Verizon wireless line W QA and hello, hello, yes, man is this the Neil show this is the Neil show yes, okay I was I was I was I was I was I was I was I was I was I was I was I was I was I was I was I was I was I was I was I'm sorry Can I ask a question sure about this She had or there What is the reason why is it that they made us so much in the first place? Does there have anything to do with the sanctity of the land that these railies are occupying? Well, I guess it was the head gear. We don't wear the right the head gear Yeah, let's start it. What started what? Well 5,000 years ago somebody decided to tell them God told them the kill each other and they've been trying ever since 5 670 5 60 pound 5 60 a set good old time religions. We'd art that's what does it every time? That give it at good old time religion Let's go kill people don't believe the same crap that we believe in and I keep it counting that for almost 30 years And they don't want to believe that most of the people out there because they're brainwashed just like this same thing. It's a religion It is a freaking religion. Oh, and this is Neil you just don't understand Maybe because you're not here like I said this is one more reason. I'm glad I'm there or very as little as possible because it is just so Mind boggling to me. I can't think of anything ever in all the long amazing mysterious years that I've been in South Florida I can't think of anything that even comes close even Ali on Pale didn't win so many things even though it lasted for a long time because people were bored and I had something to get angry about And you want to know they want to get angry not you because He's I'm in the lane But another break already we don't have time to play in that because we got to get in all these spots 25 past noon I guess the honest that I was kidding when I talked about all spots radio the sapphire Hey listen, we need the cash if you end because we got a lot of big bucks to pay for Although he is gonna be paying a lot of our bills soon. Well, he better start right away If you're on the Atkins diet South Beach Sugarbusters of any low carb sugar free diet Detailed to waste focus Thousands of low carb dieters just like you achieve their weight loss goals today shopping to the right low carb products has become more and more confusing Most of the so-called low carb products on grocery stores shells will help you lose weight In fact some are loaded with calories and carbs and will actually make a gain weight So don't sabotage your weight loss goals come into detail. I saw West Boca. They'll help you stay on the right track with hundreds of the best tasting lowest carb products and Great delay have go in as you can try anything in the store before you buy it They have an eligible staff in the open if he dates till 10 don't forget their current Heat lowest price policy on all Atkins car carbolites and PewDiePie light products The lights of West Boca will not be under sold. You'll find the lights on the Northeast corner of glazed in 441 right next to Boston market or column full free at 1 877 low carb. That's what they're W1 877 low carb around a way with slow carb dot com don't forget the lights of West Boca's your official Atkins retail center You're sports radio 566 You a You Watch solid Long one's bringing come it up next we got the mom's in the phoenix one. Oh five the homperfollows the ball game the big All seven we apologize for that but keep in mind. He really is rock solid between years 639 votes how are said are you about the Side trade and they are man. They're foaming up the mouth couldn't give a Schmidt last year 12 49 percent but very excited. I'm pumped 144 22 and 1% somewhat of cited 1.4 24.2 29% 43.4% are a dance in the streets baby for You got it and the 49% 49 people say who the aftershend With a might noseg impairment S Yes It's so darn I'm Abdul dobrze I see but we're gonna buy our food Thanks for mainly