Gomez straits These children's afford unless they want to. Yeah, they're just crumpling fondies. Crumpling fondies. Don't give a crap about the one. Miami-Bringed sound peeking above him miles square. Put all around the pouring countering O'erwood really cares. For whole that thing interesting supporting their home team, we'll call it's for whole radio to get their tickets free because they're just crumpling fondies. Crumpling fondies. Short on support unless they want. Yeah, they're just crumpling fondies. Oh, no, we don't hold no. Thank God we're going to be doing a Marlon Poll, the first poll of the day. We got two polls for you. Ah, well, we should talk. Now, whatever. Well, the reason I'm doing a Marlon Poll is because it's sports. Right. Sports? Thank God we're all talking about sports. Who imagined if we were to sports station? No. I think the way that we're going to reform a clearance on that whole sports thing. I think we need to take away his balls for a year. Huh? His golf balls. No, his golf balls. His footballs. His baseballs. His basketballs. His golf balls. His tennis balls. Oh, well, he said he's already got him locked away in a drawer for safekeeping. His mommy keeps the key. Ball bearings. But anyway, we'll talk about that later if I feel like it. I just can't talk. I feel okay. Can I give a little story? I'm going to tell a story about the guy at the track last night. Positive story. Nice guy. Okay. Sitting there. Nice night at the track last night. Oh, nice going. Rich and Derek. We had a good night. One of you bucks. Thank you, Dick Fineberg. Steve Wolf. Thank you, uh, old Mike McDonald. You know, Mike McDonald? No, I know old McDonald. That's him. He's old. And anyway, now he won a nice race for me. And I score Mike and I score an old sunny Paris in too. Sitting at the table, mining our business at the track, Pomp and O Park. And the guy comes waltzing down over the years. You know, I renown in somebody will come by to say hi. And they're always very nice. Sometimes a little linger, a little bit too long. You know, or a little bit obnoxious. And this guy never saw it before my life. He was, I would say, I don't know, 45 to 50ish. Just guessing. So, can I just take a minute of your time? Um, from New York. I've been out here 70 years and you've the only ray of sunshine in my life every day. And I just want to tell you how much I appreciate the free entertainment. Oh, nice. And I said, gee, thanks very much. That's nice. And he, that was it. That was short. Sweet to the point. I thought to myself, God, if we had about 300,000 people like, I'm not talking to we in relation to me. I'm just saying in general, right? A mince. You know what I mean? Sure. He didn't punch anybody in line in the face. I'm not going to die. And put him into a coma so that they died. See, right? I, you know, you see the story actually on the news. Yes. How about how the the daughter of the guy that's being charged? The guy that murdered this other guy, the punching, knocking down. No. She says, oh, well, um, but it was an accident. And both families are suffering terribly. It wasn't an accident. He punched my guy in the head. It was a violent asshole. Right. He said, I'm not just violent piece of crap. And he turned out a plea deal. You're in jail. And I forget how long a house arrest. Turn it down. I'd like to fry his ass. Sure. In butter. Right. And I think most other people would like to do it too. Over over a movie tickets, over parking spaces. Yeah. Over. This is the soft floor to a few can weigh man. Anger, hostility. See? Just like, okay, here's the reason I'll be yesterday's pool. How do I thanks to that guy who came by last night. He was a good guy. Appreciate it. Somebody nice who didn't say, I hope you die. And I like that. We'll go one of those today. Maybe a few. 1245 votes on the poll yesterday. I would like to say this to you too, which I said to you this morning. A lot of people are forgetting about the Howard Dean thing is that the explosion, the whole rant, it didn't come in the middle of an vacuum. Right. It came on the heels of employing a big lead in Iowa. Of his horrendous performances and at least two debates. And of the public becoming more and more elirious about what he was really all about. It came on the heels of a dismal third place finish in Iowa. I mean, I didn't even bet a horse last night that gagged and puked his bad as he didn't Iowa and as he's doing new Hampshire already. So this is in other words, an enormous number of people who had been very excited motivated by him had already begun to sprout very serious doubts. So you can say, well, the media and they are. They're showing every five minutes now. I've seen just in the last half hour, I've seen about 30 minutes. Times. And of course, but you've got to know that. See, when you go to play that game, you can't give the media fodder. You know, for your father. Your father. You can't do it. Because they're going to bury you with it. No matter who you are, and this doesn't even have to do with politics in terms of right or left. It just has to do with the fact that they like to make people look like assholes. And that's exactly what he did. And all of a sudden he trots out the wife. I didn't. I didn't see the thing because I was the track last night and see the Diane Sawyer interview. But he he trots his wife out now after all the criticism of the fact he's been keeping in a broom closet somewhere. And he says he doesn't want to slet her around as a prop. Well, she's just not a good campaigner. He doesn't get it. He's a hard ass. And it's okay to be a hard ass to a point, but you have to show it a little bit of humanity. People in general, I would agree with them are afraid of somebody that's that intense. One thing would be intense. It's another thing to be. See what I'm saying? Yeah. Yeah. I think you should move to Florida. Get himself a condo. Not a few old people down have a Margarita. Have a couple of Margaritas and NSF beach learn to speak espanyol. And he'll feel like a rubber glove right up your heinous. Anyway, here's the result of the poll. I know it's important to mention that because people also thought I was picking on him. And I would not vote for him. I mean, if he was in general election, sure, I would vote for him. But I'm talking about it the primary. There was the Chinaman chance I would vote for him because I know he's unelectable. You want to just say he is unarmed in electable period. Do you debate that? No. Yes. No. Unelectable. Okay. Against Bush, unelectable. Okay. I don't think I think there are many places in this country right now. He can be elected dog catcher. Probably right. Right. Because he might scare the... Scared. I don't see. Yeah. He might scare. I guess a nice cough drops for you. Oh, what are they? Sugar free? Yes. Oh boy. Sure. They're the whole thing. They're the whole way. I'll be right out. For your bucket. 1245 votes. What's your take on Howard Dean's famous wacky speech and I will be asked yesterday? We're going to South Carolina and Oklahoma and Arizona and North Dakota and New Mexico. We're going to California and Texas and New York. We're going to South Dakota and Oregon and Washington and Michigan. And then we're going to Washington and East Sea to take back the White House. Yeah. Even a crazy Dean is better than Bush 473 people voted for that. I'm still for him. He was just rallying his troops 200. So he's that's 54% positive still. He's lost it 199. I'm glad we found out about him now. That was my vote 164. I never liked him anyhow, 144, and the doctor was self medicating too much. He's popping a few too many. 65. Out of 1245 votes. He's unelectable. He will not win. He will not be the candidate. He might have believed he would make Michael Duke caucus look like a champion vote winner. Tell me right now. By the way, this guy, the most chronic of the fact is now. I don't read the comics. I don't, you know, you can, Hawk me in China with that fact. I'm not interested. Dan LeBaz did which I also never read. I just haven't seen it this morning. I saw the headline. And Dan LeBaz did finally after all these years wrote a column that made sense. He didn't even talk about the fact that he's Cuban. Very guy's going, Dan. It was absolutely. Yeah. And that the Marlin, the Cubans won the World Series 97 and a bunch of a guy who wanted in 2002. Three, whatever year one. What must the Marlins do to win over the Fickle fans? This is one of the most alarming article. And very good. Excellent going, Dan. About five years right now, the good one. But, uh, and it proves what I've said all along. And it gets a lot of people pissed off. Oh, Neil is so negative. It's Neil's fault. The Marlins, you know, all that John Henry crap we used to get. Like, what have I got to do with it? Or if you would just support it there. Have I ever discouraged anybody from buying a ticket? I'm not talking about their freebies. I'll do free loaders get like a defense again. I'm talking about buying a ticket. Which I admit, I don't have to do all of what I was going to the dolphin games years ago. I bought my own tickets. Me and a fat man. But, um, they, you know, everybody can talk a good game. Talk his cheap. Just like at least calls we get every day. Bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, but, you know, for those people who put out a few bucks in the Marlin tickets aren't expensive. So we'll take our first pull on that. We'll get into Danle Bastard. All you people who are subscribers to amovon.org. Members, how to check out amovon.org today. But I'm not going to be talking to you while they don't take. And I just read the first paragraph or two of the latest newsletter. The latest, the blurb that came on my website, my email. Dear Muvon member, during this year's Super Bowl, you'll see ads sponsored by beer companies to back home companies and the Bush White House. But you won't see the winning ad on move on.org voter funds bush in 30 seconds ad contest. CBS refuses to air it. Meanwhile, the White House is on the verge of signing it a lot of deal with Senator John McCain says, is custom tailored for CBS and Fox, allowing the two networks to grow much bigger. CBS lobbied hard for this rule change. Move on.org members across the country lobby against it. And now our ad has been rejected while the White House and will be played. It looks an awful lot like CBS's playing politics with the right to free speech. And they are absolutely correct. So we need to whole thing go to move on.org. We have a link to it on our website. We need to whole thing in weep. Because now, the right way, they're you know, they're dangling all the carrots in front of the big media conglomerates, as you know, and pretty soon you'll only have one point of view that'll be it. America Uber Allus. Get that start to a step and baby. Good for you. Good exercise. Come on. It's after 10 at five, 16 w to Q a m. Well, I want to get the period court it's not but. But what? Are we playing here today? I don't know. I didn't think we were so that's why I don't have a pizza lot. I can talk. I just send off a squeaky. At least I don't have a sore throat. I just have a text to find like squeaky from. I'm not going to do that pizza lot copy from yesterday because it's such a, you know, your good guy. Your food is great. Your restaurant is fantastic. But your spots in it's almost like he could be hired to write copy here. Because he writes garbage for copy. Pizza lot is some of the world's best pizza. They have three different kinds. They got great Italian goodies of fabulous menu. Everything is fresh. Cook just the way you love it. And of course they give you a big fat portions that don't know for you. Almost the entire family. gigantic portions. It'll be America if you can finish. Every Monday at the loft is Lazani and I Tuesday's egg plan night by one of these dinners on these nights get the second one for only five bucks. I think these things are still going on because I'm I'll go back to the old copy. And I'm sure they might and if not tell you you said it. It's still dry. And every Wednesday kids eat free with adults. And see just a magic show as they whip it out for you. Every Thursday night is bike night at the loft. Come on a motorcycle by one dinner and give the second for a price and Jeff a wipe it off for you. They got the best damn garlic rolls you ever had in your life. So if you want a really fantastic meal, big portions fresh goodies, the best of 10 in stuff anywhere in town at amazingly modest prices. The pizza loft is still unbeatable. You'll find a bunch of university drive between i595 and Griffin Road. Right behind Pierwin imports with tons of reparking for you too. So take it home, have it delivered or eat it right there at the pizza loft. And the caterer parties all kinds of functions, all kinds of affairs. That's just favorite word. Catering for his lowest five bucks per person. Pizza loft give McCallot 954 9168880 954 9168880. You're sports radio 560. You a m. Or David's a bitch. Excuse me sir. I'm with 560 WQAM. I'd like to know, are you a sport home? Yeah damn right I am. What's your opinion? I mean, what's your take? On the recent changes at WQAM. Well, I'm glad that old bag is gone because I don't want to hear sports all day. You know, just real men talking all day about men. Now I know they got that Cuban filler. He's feeling in with he talks too much about women, you know. He's a straight guy. But I want to hear other men, old-go-lother men's firm butts and tie-thin' on. Well, that's what sports is all about buddy. Give me all sports radio. Where they hold them and all day. Give me all sports radio. I grab myself when I hear sports all set. He look out fast, he can run. Look out fast, he can joke. That's the kind of man I'd like to know. Give me all sports radio for the man that man. Who likes men? All right. That's clearance. Ten eighteen and five sixty. WDK, I might feel a little bit better now. I didn't feel that. I just can talk a little. Maybe I'm like, maybe it's the cough drops. They're they're helpful. I love these. Maybe it sees Hall's mental lipids. I think that's doing it. Oh, my way should know. Hey, everybody in the audience that almost everybody in the building is either has right now or has had in the last couple weeks this crud. Yes. So this this cold that I got this head cramp. Soon as I get out of this town, it'll be gone. Soon as I get out of the sick building. It's a sick building. Sounds like a lawsuit crack. All crack. It's a suit. It's a suit. Oh my god. Yeah, just calm down, though. This relax. Everything's under control. It's just one of the benefits of working here. You get to breathe in all that free algae and mong and mildew. Yes. Old share the same illness. It's old emojis. I mean, it worked for magic. Look how they went up in this last book. So anyway, we were running some obnoxious promos on this radio station. Which I heard coming back from the track last night. You played me one when I first came back. And I thought, oh, they're never put those on here. To embarrass me. Yeah. They're too friggin embarrassed. Guess again. And so I'm hearing a whole bunch of these about, oh, can you imagine if QA Mort all sports talk radio? Yeah, I often do. Yeah. We could only pray. We could only pray for that. Like, hallowly. Right. Even he's excited about it. And so I told Dick Finder get pomp and old last night about to the promos. Because I heard one go to the track last night. And he stood there with his jaw down to his ankle. He couldn't. He said, in other words, it's like taking a shot at you. Because anybody with an IQ larger than their thumbnail who isn't just a football squeezer knows the history of this radio station of last six years anyway. And before that. Right. I remember some asshole with very short haircut and a very expensive suit in a, as I came out of the T-room two years ago. In a hallway, saying to me, oh, congratulations. Another great book. Neil, we never had any ratings to you came here. Remember that exact quote? Sure. We never had any ratings to you came here. Not that they need to take it. We were a good book, but I didn't have the station didn't have any big numbers. But can you imagine if we weren't all sports talking about the dolphins in the Drain? See, this is Null Sports Radio. It's all Dolpha, it's D&D and it's not Danny and David anymore. That I am burst him out of that. It's Dolphins and draft. Craft beer? Dolphins and draft. Craft beer. We're going to LaWongo all star team. Anybody talking about that? No, no, maybe briefly. Because nobody cares. You think they're going to have pudge unpacking? Yeah. They're back on approach stuff again. First of all, I just want to make one comment about that. Not that I give a crap because I'm not going to be a phony in Sam and Marlon Fank, because of not. If somebody slacks you in a face and says, oh, I was insulted by your offer. That 7 million here, plus the other 3 million, 10 million here for whatever was. Yeah, I would say, well, guess what? Don't let the door hit you in your big fat ass on a way out of town. Right. He's got a big fat ass. That's what I would say. And the idea, oh, can we get a back? Show that these assholes have no shame. What kind of a moron wants him back? I said it's time to send pudge. Pack him. After he leaves the White House today, send pudge back. Not that I care. And obviously, nobody else does either because this Dan LaBastered column today is so damn. Now, I realized that the rush there is big. Look at to that. The halibut and employees accepting kickbacks is big. Right. But the only problem with that is it's just like the Marlins. Nobody cares. Yeah. See, that's another thing. I mean, this being a hotbed of active activism. That it is. Yeah. Oh, yeah. It's a hotbed of hot animals is what it is. That's our Florida. I mean, unless you're soaking your teeth in glass, you don't belong here. That's why I'm soaking it. Huh? I'm soaking it right now. Poor Martha Ray, rest in peace. She would love it here. Well, I'm telling you, the faxes are just pouring in today. Go Peter Renn. Now we're going to how did that come from. In this day of correctness, why are we call a lobbying? What it really is legalized bribery. Says Captain Rick and go Peter Renn. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Go Mike McDonald, baby. Old Michael. Old McDonald, Hado Horace. Anyway, what must Marlins do to win over fickle fans? I just want to read this because it sets up the first pull. And then I'll explain to you why we'll do that from not alone. The second pull, we got a bill. Should I do the second pull first? Okay, whatever. Well, because that's the only thing they'll call about. The second pull, I will do it noon and two to weekend. And what inspired me to do this, remember I talk yesterday about seeing Rick Sanchez and about two minutes of his awful, awful show on channel six, awful. I mean brutal. I think that he's a legend in his own mind. Right? I don't think he was ever, you know, he's convinced someone else out of the ratings on channel seven were big for the news because it's channel seven because it's hysterical, hypervendolating, melodramatic, crap, didn't he invent that? Would they distinct no speaking in English flavor? Although now channel fours are to him in that category. Right. All right, read is is all day. But sorry, I figure, what who's your all-time favorite? South Florida TV personality, newsy right entertainment. We've never done this. We've never done parts of it. Right. I mean, I realize this is negative. It doesn't give you chance to take a shot at anybody, but if somebody doesn't do well, if they make it on the pole and they don't do well at all, it'll, it'll be the same as taking a shot. I got a short list I made. First five. Ralph Rennick. John Hamburg. Skipper Chuck's Inc. Rick Sanchez and Bishop. That's my short list. I mean, there'll be a million others on her. Well, you got mine on there. Skipper Chuck. Yep. And mine is got Hamburg. He taught him. He was great. Yes, he was. And he's alive too. So was my special professional for this time. See, that's why people say, what do you do for a living? And I say, well, I'm a bush league taught show. Because I got to be bush league to be, you know, in this town. But I do. I don't mind saying that. And if you can make a lot of money being bush league, my big pro-fessional for it, right? So if anybody says, oh, he's just a bush league or right, the money still goes right in the bank. I almost feel like taking my tea out of the thing there, but I'll wait till the break. I can fetch it. And I think you should play the spot. Okay, I just didn't have the pizza watching, but because it's, uh, and it runs again later. I'll read that one later because it's copy. I wouldn't want you to play that one from yesterday anyway. Now these other spots that are very slow-ish sounding. They sound like I'm stroked out in all those spots. Don't they? Yeah. Why? Just one of those things. It must have been the day that you recorded them all. I sounded when it out, stroke it out. We just took the freshest recording we had. So oh, in other words, it was here when I, because that's the current. I was here. Right. Well, of course. I'm always really sick when I'm here. It is. It's, it's a sick building, man. Yeah. Didn't, didn't, didn't a year ago in February? A year ago next month. I had a stroke right here. Right in this town. Yeah. Right. And then I came to work the next day. And then I got on the treadmill. There was a Cleveland Clinic. Would my good friend, Dr. Bush. Thanks for not quite killing me, Dr. Bush. Another stress test. What do you say? No, no, he's okay. He means well. He said he would do anything for me. As long as I promised not to sue them. What must Marlin do to win over fickle fans? Right. Standle bastion. I can't believe that I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm glowing thing about this. The essence of his article. I'm not going to read it because I don't have the voice to read anything. The essence of the article is it's a Bush league town. Wow. Cano Vell. But he points out that the Marlin's might be good enough to visit the White House which they are today, but they're evidently still not quite good enough for you. President David Samson said Thursday, his team hasn't sold even five thousand season tickets yet. I hate to see what the panther season ticket. Read the honest total is not good. Yeah, I think that might be accurate. It says this is depressing, unfathomable, inexplicable, damning and probably without President Major American Sports, right? Standle abastored. And believe me, he knows his crap. Isn't crap his mental name? And he goes on at the end of the article and he says if a champion can't appreciably increase in sustain interest, why would a new stadium building? Why would a new building do it? It's not the stadium. Stames in great location. And he shows the fan bases not only of other major league teams of burusing teams like the Montreal Expose, soon to be defunct. The Buffalo Bison's minor league team. They've already sold six thousand season tickets. Sacramento River Cats minor league team 7000. The anxious Detroit Tigers in one of the most obnoxious cities in the face of the earth, 7500. And Highmangel's 21,000, comes 28th though. He's got an interesting list here. You ought to take a puke at a narrowed. Marlins between 4,500 and 5,000. Less than the expose, who sold close to 5,000, less than the Buffalo by et cetera. So the first pull today, why do you think the world champion Marlins have sold so few less than 5,000 season tickets? 5 choices. South Florida's Bush League. Their fans are mostly front-running phones. They need a new stadium. Like me most people don't give a shmit about them. Or there are a few real sports fans here. Dolphins in the draft. Danny and Davy, Dolphins in the draft. See this is not a sports dog station. It's a dolphin talk station. Would a little bit of window dressing on a few other things. A little smattering, a little sprinkle, you know. And you know what? It's boring. You can run all the pro. Well I took parents get those eyes and tell them but I suggested he might get him off the in a way said. OK. It was easy. Easy easy. That's what the beast said. It's one thing he loves about him. Easy easy. He says, you know, get down on your hands and he's no problem. Roll over? No problem. Over to your plan. The spots. Halley, Lua. 10, 28 at QAM. Hey, let me tell you about getting a new mattress. Slurring on a waist. Who would you? You can go with the long time energy and money. You know, whether you're betting an apartment store is get ripped off, get a piece of crap and help them pay for their gigantic overhead. Or you can be smart. And you can just make one easy call sitting right there on your ass to dollar mattress. Any day 365 days a year they give it the best deal going. All the top names in the business. They got him. See, they served at temper pedics. Simmons King Qua. Stearns and Foster Hewitt. Call 1-800 mattress 1-800-MATTR-ES. There's no nonsense. No BS. No baton swiss. That's what BS stands for. By the way, baton swiss. No house brands. No funny promises and best of all. You get the best service you ever heard of in your life. When you called dollar mattress 1-800 mattress, you picked a day in time for delivery. Any day, seven days a week, any to our window between 8 and a morning and 10 a night. When it's convenient for you and they'll show up on time. You won't have to waste the whole day your life waiting and praying that somebody shows up. I've been sleeping on a mattress some dollar mattress for years and you ought to be doing the same. With low prices, same day delivery, pre-set up and removal is easy to see. By dollar mattress is ranked the best in the universe in customers satisfaction. So please don't get fooled. Don't be sucked in by those mattress. Shrooms are furnished as derands. They can't come close to dollar mattress. Pick up that phone and call them right now. They'll be knock on on your door in no time at all. 1-800-MATTR-ES. Online, it's mattress.com. Brax condoms. Ultra thin, so each time feels like the very first time. If you're making love to our foreigner, you better put one on. 2-X condoms. 33-27 before. I heard my dog yesterday talking about all the limp penis spots that are running. Now you'll notice on the email, most of this spam, most of the crappy get on there, about 80% of it, is for limp penis guys. Right, that's small penis, limp penis, penis problem people. Yeah, the PPP, the penis problem people. But not only penis problem people, but if you watch your TV, especially sports shows, but on anywhere. I'd say about 70% of the spots now are for like pharmaceutical drugs. Right, anti-depressants mostly. If you'll notice. And limp penis, you got hargots, go see Alice, see Alice, and you got the levitra, and the bravya, got a hacksole. Right, tax and, and of course, there's spending millions and billions of dollars on those ads, which is why the FDA doesn't want you to get your drugs from Canada. They don't want you to get save any money because they want you to continue getting raped by the pharmaceutical company so they can run those expensive ads. And there's Dan Reeves again telling you about ZoCore and whatever the other ones are. All your cholesterol-loing drugs, those statin drugs, which you'll probably do a hell of a lot more harm than it'll ever do any good. Especially since cholesterol isn't the real effect of anyway, it's HOMO-system. It's the HOMO problem. See how I degree with the right wingers on that we have a serious HOMO problem in America, but it's HOMO-system, said the old queen. Anyway, here's a fact that you're going to love. Okay, we always get these and I appreciate it very much. Says, I'm not looking for a free plug. I'm an environmental consultant, Pompatobitch, on my own business, I've been a fan of years for 20 years. This name is Jorge, by the way. Thank you, Jorge. Danger. I've heard your complaints regarding the air quality of the studio, but you can't complain about the quality Jorge because there isn't any. It's dangerous. I'd like to offer some free or testing an inspection air studio, and he's got his number, his cell phone, so I'm going to give this to you, okay? And then you can pass it along to the powers that people probably wipe their ass with it. But here's a chance to do something before that big class action lawsuit comes down. All right, dolphins and big, like with a shark on top of the sports. I'm bottom and clearance might take a peek at it. He might take a look at it. Put balls on it. He likes looking at those, too. I'll tee bag it. Yeah, tee bag this. So I'm going to put that over there. I'll give it to you a little in the break. And there's a guy that's willing to come in here because this isn't something we're making up. We had the same problem, IOD. I was telling the middle-level management flukes there this morning about the IOD thing. We had what was the name of that joint? The guy was very annoying, but very um, you're right. Something. It was there. Yes. Whatever. And then they came in at a, we have to ACA. Right, very good. And we threatened to take a Cox Broadcasting call Oshia and take them to court because everybody into building just like here with sick was a sick building. They didn't clean the vents out in that old building for about 400 years. Right, that's where we cleaned them. And so somewhere we still have photos of the mountains of crap that they sucked out of the of ventilation system in that building. Right. It looked like an alien colony. New like the Swiss Alps. Was inside the ventilation system and we were breathing in that crap every day and everybody was constantly sick. Sick buildings is a very serious thing. That's also a very highly actionable. I just mentioned in past, oh, Greg, it's a suit. It's a suit. On the news this morning, they're talking about it. That's right. And I realize that this building is a real piece of crap. And the order of this building should probably be in jail or something. I don't know who it is, but I mean, elevators are a joke. This is a toilet. It's a toilet. It's a thrill ride. It's a toilet. And to show you about Beesley broadcasting, this is a gigantic step up from the old trailer on Sherry. Boy, howdy. Which it wasn't even to the level of a toilet. You wouldn't have taken a crap in there because it was so far below being a toilet. Whatever, whatever is like a septic tank, maybe. Whatever is below down in the ground, you know, the water, snowed of fart, even John Valjon wouldn't have walked through there in between walking through the sewers of Paris. So this is a step up for the Beesley, but of course there are a bunch, you know, of no stickers. And Greg, he walks around in his $3,000 suits. Would he slap a haircut? And as long as he's dressed well, and has a big comfortable office with good ventilation, that's all that counts. And it was the same way at IOD. Remember that these the air would go up, but miraculously up front in the offices where the hot shots used the same. The air was always on for some reason they're air never went out. And boy, when it did go out on rare occasion, man, they hop to it real fast. So say, see people were there fast and you can say, Bob, Bob, what's his name? Bob Agutish. Bob Agutish. Bob Agutish. Bob Agutish. Bob Agutish. Bob Agutish. Bob Agutish. How did he pour votes on the pool already? Keep this one up till noon. And then we'll start building the other one. Why do you think the world champion Marlins have sold so few less than 5,000 season tickets for the coming season? And I noticed other than the same neurotic, oh, can we get Pudge back other net? Nobody called in this station is talking about the Marlins anyway, because there's no real interest anyhow. Man, maybe five people. Maybe Bob, turn the man. Maybe, but I doubt it. It's dolphins and draft. Oh, what are we going to do about that offensive line? And what are we ever going to get a quarter back? I love it. Winers and losers. Hundred-nade votes. Their fans are mostly front-warning photos 38. Like me, most people don't give a shmit about them about Bob turn the man. Right, I like to talk in like that. Sound like Paul Harvey. South Florida's Bush League 18. There are a few real sports fans, 14, and they need a new stadium eight. Now, I only had that one that's kind of like defensive, that one last choice. I don't know what else to say. The tickets are too expensive. They're not expensive. If it's a cheapest sports ticket in town. So what could be the other excuse? It's hot. It's hot. It's hot and they're not. Wow. So thank you, Dan LaBazzo, who are finally writing a good comment number one. See, we have a whole bit of that. It covers the area. See, because this isn't a sports pole. It's a pole about this town. It's a pole about these people, the front-warning phones. Air conditioned state. I realized that we didn't jump on that Marlin Vanwagon back in October. And September, when we went into playoffs in a world serious, because it would be funny, we disingenuous. I do appreciate those great calls from Boat Shaman from that Marlin Parade, you know. Oh, seriously, it's a serious problem because people here are in denial. It's like I'm a bad guy because I tell them the truth. Well, now here's another guy, Dan LaBazzo, who don't even speak our language. Here's another guy telling you the truth. In English. Through an interpreter, of course. But that great? Dan LaBazzo, you go Dan. I didn't know the Bazzo had it in him. But it's a great call. Nice going Dan, Danny Boy. Danny and David. Prosecutors refuse rehab deal for Limbaugh and Siston Guilty plea. I'm not going to read this slide. I just don't have the voice, plus that's Pondras anyway. Tom Beach County Prosecutors rejected an over-chir last month from Marlin Baos' attorneys that would have allowed the conservative commentator to enter drug we have rather than face criminal charges for prescription drug abuse. Keep poppin' him, Rush. Duff admitted to me he'd turn over to Rush for a minute yesterday. He was turning back and forth. To see, see, now that we have our middle-level management people and this rating book came out which was a pretty marginal for QA and pretty weak. And boy, wait till you see the next trend. Oh, it's going to be a screaming news. ROOOOOO! Yeah. So he was listening to Rush and I said, why? I want to see you! Anyway, the prosecutors offered to win the investigation of Limbaugh pleaded guilty to a single felony for Dr. Shopping and agreed to a three-year term probation a deal at Limbaugh's Miami Attorney Roy Black called Propostress yesterday. The whole story is on a front page of the Sun Settle if you already wrapped your fish in it it's on our website, theorarchus.com. Roy Black wrote to Palm Beach County State Attorney Barry Krisher December 11 asking whether his office investigation could be resolved by having Limbaugh enter an intervention program that allows drug offenders to seek treatment in not-based criminal convictions. He has committed they have evidence he's committed at least 10 felonies and Roy Black says, yamama. See, can we the whole article? I'm not going to dittle with you. Just another, you see, the right wing is going to do whatever they want. Of course they can. Any problem? He's probably still, you know, Wilma was small-pathed. He's probably got a good supply right now. Let us know where a name Rush, we can use some around here. What are you smoking about? This is definitely a pill poppin kind of place. Ask him off, he'll tell you about it. 121 votes on a poll. The Marlin fans are mostly front-warning phony's 47. Like me, most people don't give a shmit about them 34. Soapford is bush league 18. There are few real sports fans here, 14 and they need new stadium. Eight, it's going to be great. That's what you say, eight and don't be late. So say, 18 to 11 at 562. Your sports sports sports in 10th of station for the new millennium. Here's a great store for you, low car peep. Don't you like your sports Pokemon? I'm born, low car player. And they've got over a thousand low car. How's that? How's that? You're going to do something like that. Really? Breads and bagels, cookies and crackers, chips and rallies, chocolates, ice cream, pasta with fantastic sauces, ketchup and cheese gays. They give you the widest solution anymore. I've got a couple of people every day, week seven days from 10 to 10. And anything in the store that you're not too sure of, you can try it before you buy it. They've got a friendly knowledgeable staff that knows their stuff inside and out and. They carry all the Atkins products always on sale today and every day too. The low carb diet is just so popular now that I can't even talk about it. So head for the number one low carb sugar freester in the world. The lights are West Boca. But these speakers, man, are just brutal on the northeast corner of Glades in 441. Right next to Boston Market or column toll free at 1-877. Low carb. Check them out on the web at low carb.com. That's with the WLOWCARBLOOKARB.com. Don't forget there's only one wheel. The lights are West Boca and it's your official Atkins retail center. Who's singing a hell of a tune these days. My life and low. Sixth is 430 by 620. You wait in 2A now. The night that speaks for universal values. The day of our nation birth. The new internet. The freedom of conscience and religion. And the right and dignity of every life. In spite of the fact that we've been fighting for the US, we've been fighting for the US for the last two years. We've been fighting for the US for the last two years. We've been fighting for the US for the last two years. We've been fighting for the US for the last two years. We've been fighting for the US for the last two years. We've been fighting for the US for the last two years. We've been fighting for the US for the last two years. We've been fighting for the US for the last two years. We've been fighting for the US for the last two years. We've been fighting for the US for the last two years. We've been fighting for the US for the last two years. We've been fighting for the US for the last two years. We've been fighting for the US for the last two years. Sorry, nuclear arms treaty. In a state of being in the dress. Light about our reasons for attacking the right. Then, when the lives are our British friends. Except for record for most campaign fundraising trips via US President. In his first year of office, over two million Americans lost their jobs. And that's when continues every month. Second all-time record for most four cultures in a 12-month period. A four-led more consecutive criminals with administration and pressmen and US history. Except for record for least amount of press conferences and any president since the advent of television. Residing over the biggest energy crisis in US history. And with these to intervene when corruption involving the oil industry was revealed. Residing over the highest gasoline prices in US history. Cutout kept benefits for war veterans and supports a cut-in duty that fits for active duties. And their families in war time. Except the old times like it for most people worldwide, just simultaneously protest in public venues. 15 million people, shattering the record for protest against any person in the history of mankind. Hookin more international treaties in any president in US history. Proud that the members of his cabinet offer riches of any administration in US history. His post-millionaire, Cardo Liza Wiles, has a chef on oil taker named after. It's the first president in US history to order an unprovoked, bring out to the time and the military occupation of the sovereign nation. And did so against the will of the United Nations, the majority of US citizens and the world community, creating the mystery of Homeland Security. The largest fear ofocracy in the history of the United States government. It's the first president in US history to have the United Nations removed the US from the human rights commission. With the U.S. from the World Court of Law, refuse to allow inspectors access to US prison of order trainees. And their vies refuse to abide by the Geneva Convention. It's the first president in history to refuse United Nations election insessions. It's the old time US and World Recordholder for receiving the most corporate campaign donations. His largest lifetime campaign contributors. And one of his best friends can't blame. Proud in over the largest corporate bankruptcy party in US history. His political party, using an unparadulous and corporate attorney to assure his success with the US Supreme Court during the election decisions. As protected as friends at N1 and Haliburton, against the investigation of our Sectionation More time and money was sentenced at the getting the monochromalistia fair. Then has been sentenced at the getting one of the biggest corporate reform in history. So many of the most of the people in US after the World Trade Center is that. And less than a year later, they did US the most hidden country in the world. The largest city of diplomacy in World history. It's a fruit president in US history to have the majority of European. 71 percent. U.S. presidency is the biggest retro world peace and security. And change the US policy to allow convicted criminals to be awarded double in contrast. And that is just keep on coming. It's a beautiful thing. Thanks to our old buddy Mitch Lewis who just pulled that out of his vacuum. It's 114.11 at 5.6. How much better I son now? What he's husband to lift this in my team? I celestial, my caffeine free, herb tea, cinnamon, no less. Markidally. Oh yeah, I feel almost human now. Time to go home. Here's a great fact, you'll love this. I was in my favorite pub this past week, and enjoying a couple of pints. And one of the TV sets was tuned to the new star search with our senior hall. As they were introducing their panel, one of the judges turned out to be the Anxious Eagle Maniac Mani lesson from the awful whammy days. Remember Mani lesson? I don't ever get what a major, major asshole. Whammy! God, it's not. It was really to still positively try to look him for the shaved head and go tea. I was so disturbed I had continued drinking until I started like the broadcast school guy. Best facts here. Nice long, paly. What a great facts. Oh, you know who we haven't heard from in quite a while now? Who that? Is um... Hi, paly! I just mentioned that so we can get him onto the. Your buddy, the one that pretty heavy there, never hit me. It's not him on the facts, it's not him on a phone. Here's Bob and Atlantis who says, how come the Republicans now claim in Unison that Howard Dean is too unstable to be present because he got his panties into a wad. How quick they forget that the Republicans were looking into a constitutional amendment to allow a third term for my old ray gun who already was exhibiting signs of Alzheimer's before a second term was over. What's the difference, his Bob and Atlantis? Shupalish, better actor. Right. We're public. Right, right wing hero. Ronnie ray gun. Oh, it'll be picking out Ronnie now. And it was the same trickle down Bolshevik, you know. Same Ronnie ray gun recession, same crap. Although we didn't have anywhere near as many people out of work during ray gun as we have now. Dying or nearly as many people dying for no reason based on a pile of lies as we do now. All of a sudden, a few illegal things going on like a rand contra. See, when the Republicans, it's stuff like that. When Democrats is like, you know, getting blow jobs, I wonder if Republicans, it's like, you know, just violating every principal load of the situation. Yeah, still a blow jobs too, but we don't at all know. No blow jobs. I bet your hand reads high in it. However, it entails Pentagon where it's seen here's another one. However, it entails Pentagon workers took kickbacks toward projects in Iraq. Now, you see no matter what you say, that's why I say it's like preaching to the choir. I consider and pretend we're going to make a difference and we're not. It's like the Marlins thing. That, see that pull is so important to me because it isn't, oh, it's not a sports thing. I don't care about sports other than, you know, hockey and football. That's it. Patriots and Leafs and Panthers. Eh. But um. It's, it's, it's about this place. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's about here. It's about to people here. There's something wrong here. I consider and just suck around. This is paradise. It's not paradise. It could be. But there's something wrong with a whole mentality here. When you live in an area where people hate each other as much as the people here do, see the thing with a guy punching the other old guy out at the movie theater, that that was emblematic. That was just partly symptom of this whole sick place routine hate. Not just rudeness, but just. You know, everyone's on the verge. And you want to know why? Because maybe similarly, they hate to fact that they're here. Maybe they like the weather. Like you go out today. It's not below zero. Like up north. It's not freezing. There's no snow. Don't have to thought your car. It's pleasant. Sunny. But there's something underlying it. You can almost smell it. Can you smell it? Oh, God. You can feel it. What does it start? If the old time knows. Oh, that. Yeah. Oh, the coal. Oh, yeah. The me that. The hate. It starts with bad leadership. It starts with a newspaper. Is the media here sucks. You got to have the worst guy than pandering newspapers ever invented. I mean, just horrendous. garbage. Do you know the Harold and a son sent along Sunday each one of them. He's a whole bunch of pounds. But third man. And there's nothing to read neither one of them. Nothing. I know. Three killing rats. I will say this for the son sent. They've got so many of those special ad sections in the Sunday paper. They now, when they deliver your paper, they put it in like an applies to sack. Yeah. Which by the way, if you put if you take the. Flyers out there and stick your penis in there and pump it up. It'll be really great for growth extension. It's good. No, seriously. It's good. And be good for something. Three Peter pump. Right. The free Peter pump from the son sent. For all you Peter challenge people out there. It just amazing to me. All these macho guys with their limp penis seems to be in their American epidemic. I'm not saying it's exclusive to America. But what all the spots on there, it's just unbelievable. And when you watch the spot, by now you must have seen it because I see a couple of years ago. The bag was spot where the black guy is like jumping up into there. He's all of his briefcase of it. And he's just he's ecstatic because he's got a firm penis. Somehow, no, I keep missing because he's erect. Oh, he's erect. Oh, no, there's a whole new series of those spots. And all these people, hey, Tom, did you get a new suit today? Do you get a haircut? What happened? He just got laid. I got wood because Tom finally knock on wood. Pop the wood. I'd like that. Oh my god. Haliburton company is told to Pentagon that two employees took kickbacks. I did it up to $6 million. And we turn for awarding a co-eddy based company with lucrative work supplying US troops in Iraq. So says today's very conservative Wall Street urinal. It's on and some comi-pink or a leftist publication. It's at anase god damn all street journal. The disclosure is the first firm indication of corruption involving US funded projects in Iraq and raises new questions about Haliburton's dealings there. The companies work out raising the scrutinized because of accusations that the US government was overcharge for gasoline under another controversial contract. There are a bunch of grave robbers. There are a bunch of crooks. Just like your vice president and your president. I'll tell you right now, the biggest crook of them all is Dick. Yep, we thought Dick Nixon. Was the biggest crook? Crooked Dick, the chanie is the most crooked dick in America. He could probably use some straightening out. Probably be bad for his tiffer though. Haliburton is strangely defended in Iraq work as fairly priced and a free of taint. Oh yeah, free of taint. A discovery of kickbacks could expose the company to hefty fines and other opponents as such as potential fraud charges. Wow. At the least a contracting experts say, Haliburton will be required to reimburse the money. And are you grateful for that cheap gas George? I got a pump hooked up into house. Yeah. It's like a spigot. The only cheap gas I got is in bed. Oh yeah, I like that. Love farting in bed. That's one of the bad people's covers over your head. No, I actually put my head down underneath the cover. Oh, how that's good. You fan it out? Yeah. I fan the flames. Here's another facts from Calvin who says, My take, uh, on Wesley Clark. But this is sure me coming a little too political today. We're trying to do that. What? Sports? Sports? We want to make clearance happy. Do all sports? I know I talked too much about that and we take some heat for but I just it just never ceases to amaze me. If I were like you and I hated sports as spectator sports, I it would be a different story. But I don't. I've been a sports fan all my life. But there's such a thing as being a sports fan is being neurotic. It's like the difference between go to the track last night and have a nice night and enjoyable time winning a few bucks or calling somebody on a Tuesday and inviting them to come to the track. Then I went to track that even open. That would be above and beyond the call of like normalcy. That would be like 720. That would be an obsession at 7.15 in the morning. Also called Derek the same day. And we'll come up. Yes. I mean rich love you. You're great guy but give it a rest. Okay calm down and rest your family. Two please tell your nephew. Cambling is for suckers. Okay. Go there have a good time. Plunge a little bit. But don't plan on making a living at it. Calvin says my take on Wesley Clark is not too favorable. In the debate last night and see that the beta was at the track. How did it go? I didn't see it. I knew. In the debate last night he had the perfect chance to level the bush. Myster on the desert or issue instead he took a pass. We need says he's weaning sooner or later. One of the candidates have to get the fact out of the general public that these supposed commander were chief is a fraud. I thought I saw somebody saying that that he was a visitor who said who said that. Drackedog it not a drag he went a wall for a year. One of the guys that questioned somebody in the crowd. I think is. No. No. One of the candidates said that the other day that he went a wall for a year. Am I doing better not say because I'm not sure. They did. They heard the comments. They say it's somebody will tell us. Also Clark took a swipe at Kerry for joining the veterans against the organization when he got back from Vietnam. I'm a Vietnam vet too. Do you want the same organization? Like the Warren Vietnam. Was it good thing? No. I think Clark is a crypto Republican heart and can't be trusted. It's his Calvin. And he might just have a good point. Go. Let's do it. You don't have to be lucky when your car is on the fritz. Although if you want to play Washington, we're led with a B. My guest. You can open the yellow pages and trust it to some losers out there who have gone out of time at all. But if you want to be smart, take it to EF. Turn out to repair because you can really trust these guys. They've been around a long time and they will be. There were 583 North Federal Highway just to mile and a half North of Sample Road in Pompano Beach and EF. Turn out to repair experience the difference that experience makes. All the ethnicanics are ASC certified technicians. In other words, they know the latest technology. They really know their crap. And most of them with the EF team for nearly 20 long amazing years. In fact, combined, they've had over 200 years of experience at EF. No job is too smaller too big for me. They're whether it's a blown fuse, a blown engine, anything in between. Whether it's a 73 Toyota, do an 04 Bentley. EF turned out to repair be due to the all-for-you. Jobs are meticulously double-checked for accuracy by the shop, Forman Anne. Every car is clean upon completion of work it'll look in run just like brand new. EF honors most extended warranties offer you wide-away service on most repairs too. EF turned out to repair folks you can trust. There are 50 83 North Federal Highway in Pompano Beach. Ask about their 90 day same as cash, no interest credit card to when you call 9-5-4-4-2-6-99-26-9-5-4-4-4-2-6-99-26-EF turned out to repair be sure to have that old Neil sent you by their nationally recognized as one of the most successful auto repair businesses in the entire country. And EF don't forget their motto, nobody cares more and nobody will work harder to earn your business and keep it. This is 4-25-60. Holy Macanot, this is Joe Bowen, the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority Neil Gaugh. Hi, this is Middle Ages, Pasty White Batman and Codman, Dr. Phil Quittrault Mithrault. I want to thank each and everyone to you for running up and buying my diet book. And hey, got good news. I have a new book for you to give you your cash for. It's called Dr. Phil's Hair Growth System. Now you can tell by looking at my head that I've kept it goodly amount of hair around the side. And I'm going to tell you your husband's just how they can keep it there too. Now one of the many things you're going to learn in his book is having your husband looking the mirror while he's headed between your legs. Don't trim for several weeks so he can have a nice triangle on his head. Why a hill of 10 years younger. If you find it all right here in my new book, Dr. Phil's Hair Growth System with the very special fallward by late-range go-go. Maybe that's where Mo got that piece. It's 1103 at 5, 60 WCM, so Clarence just came in our program director who's trying very hard. He really is. He's not now. He's not very hard, but he's trying very hard. And he actually said something I had nothing to do with sports. Yeah, I was shocking. Market on the counter. Clarence talked politics. He said I think it was Wesley Clark, I mean Michael Morris said that. And Michael Morris said that about Bush being a wall many times and I was wrong also. But nice try Clarence because I had nothing to do with sports. So going. In fact, I got a new great new set of promos. Can you imagine how good QM would be if we didn't have so much sports talk on? They're already on the order. Wouldn't that be great? Can you imagine that if mad dog and Hank and Joe Rose talked about like Titi bars and getting laid and I often ran food and squins like that? No, I mean like that. And then I wake up. Yeah, without losing the license, how much fun I would be as opposed to the dolphins and the draft and the dolphins. J. Feeleer. Oh, no, I forget about him. He's ancient history. You better get with it. But I was wrong. It wasn't one of the candidates. Now see, I will give Dr. Dean high March for that. He didn't pull any punches. That's why I rolled up his sleeves. Unlike the guy that movie theater, he didn't pull any punches. But I don't think he actually went that far. It was Paul the gal on Crossfire said that. I screaming the other day. Mother Tucker Carlson just screaming at her with that bow tie about the fact that you know, he or good one to talk. Because Carlson was going on about how Clark and Carrier into this pissing contest about who is the biggest war hero. Yeah. And the gal was screaming at him about hey, your president was A Wall for a year. Where the hell was he? And you know, he's with that phony photo out there. This is the whole business. All of these things. So thanks for correcting us, Clarence, because that had nothing to do with sports and you make it some real progress on the most, here's a facts. The most notable moment of Junior's speech reading was when his declaration of the port that Patriot, a portion of the Patriot Act, where scheduled or his fire was met with Democratic applause. Judging from the startled scouting expression on his face, you would think that had been a long time since the confused chimpanzee had been exposed to a nonhand picked friendly campaign contributing audience. Protesters not shuttle out of sight into barbwire cages miles away, or newspaper reports and columns other than those hands selected and shown to him by his staff. You would think that he might be the boy king and a bubble completely oblivious to the fact that more than half of the country regardless of his a corrupt incompetent fraud, PS wears my first my cheap gas. There's some for you and there's some more. And the hits just keep on coming though. We don't want that natural guy. How about some sports gas sports? Oh, can you imagine those athletes with all that heavy equipment that were how much they fart? That's we're going to do a whole show on that next week. Hockey players farting. Do a noise maker. Part stink. Oh, yes. And then of course there's the seeping problem, which you wouldn't understand when you're fat. Seeping. Oh, no, I do understand my fat friends would seep. Oh, the time. Yeah. Yeah. And you always feel like there might be a little something moist back there. We would have designated chairs in our house. And the worst thing you can do is like like I didn't Toronto that one more. I admitted it. Remember, right? I checked to find out. Oh, oh, there was. And it there was still a lot. A little leakage, you know. Take a peek and see if there's any leakage. Okay. Here's our next poll. We're going to be doing it noon. We'll get to the results on the other one. I'll tell you a fur guy that can't talk. I think I'm doing okay. That great. I wish I could speak because I really get pissed off. I'll feel like better once I get out of this time. Who's your all time favorite south Florida TV personality news or entertainment? Anybody Ralph or Anne, and we're talking about real show. Don't be mentioned my show on whammy. I'm not looking for ass sucking. I hate that. You know what I mean? Like somebody would do that. No, anybody like that show needed mental help. Ralph, Renek, John Hamburg, Skipper Chauvesink, Rick Sanchez, and Bishop Wayne Chandler Dave Dixon. That's what we got so far. Now are you adding those on there? Yes. I'm I'm at it. There. Eric doesn't have to be he can do it. Why don't you write a great job on that thing you did yesterday. That project, excellent job. He really did. And he's overhauling a whole bunch of other things. We're not new. He is the best. Of course he had a great end. I should think it has been the best. No, he is. Oh, and what ever happened with the other deal with Josh with the computers? We're still waiting for all the chips to land there and that's apartment. So what's going to happen probably? It's not a done definite deal, but probably. How's that? Yeah. Well, I have to make arrangements for you. If that laptop that I bought for Beiner Boy, I'll show you a good close personal friend of Beiner Boy. Rub it is. Good. God. You know, the last thing I heard Beiner Boy say was, Here's the Apollo got up there now. You'll be rehired in anyway. Because you called him. I'm a whole softy. Yeah. I know. Just like the day I talked to Mo here last this earlier in a week. And I repented. I apologize for that. Was it this week or last week? Last week? What time is your flying two weeks is too much way too much. Never happened again. What do you think? A wide you think the World Champion Marlins have sold so few less than 5,000 season tickets. That's our first pull on eorajus.com. Hop on it. 212 votes. That's Eurya Cofer New York. Their fans are mostly for running phonies. 79 for running phonies. They are. Pull a crap. What's the next bad wagging in hop on? Come on. If the dolphins get hot, if the heat gets hot, hot heat. Like me, most people don't give a shaman about them. 62 of you say that. You know, kivishmen. And your entitled that was my vote. I don't care about Basbal. No. Saaflore is bushly 29. There are few real sports fans here. 24 and boy, that is positively. That's a horse and buggy town. I know we've been over this a million times but boy, then LeBassets calm got me whipped up into a frenzy. Almost. Almost wonder what my ass with it. And they need new stadium 18. That's why you're not sure enough. It's too hot. It rains. The town of excuses. And let me say it again. The Macarena man. Why they make up those bogus attendances all over the NHL. I have no idea. They're not fooling anybody. They don't just do it here. They do it anywhere. Tickets distributed. When you could open up a window and throw a thousand an hour. Oh, it distributed a thousand to tickets. 30 thousand tickets. Of course it only holds 19 to 50 but we're just doing the 30 thousand tickets. We open up the window not to win the and nobody showed up. It were for free. Nobody showed up. I'll be goddamn. Must be something about this place. Too many old people. The myth of the Cuban love of baseball. That's one of the big myths with a whole Marlon thing. So full of crap. I heard some call. I was a hanker or a mad dog. I just did call again about the old and pudgera regars. The Cubans love me a bull crap. That's rare. I'm the guy that's the crap garbage. Plus he's not Cuban anyway. Right? Any of beer? Some kind of reekin. Is he a reek? He's reekin. I think you're right with a big fat ass. Well, take your fat ass and get laws. Okay, go punchpacking. Go back to Detroit. You're love it, there man. sucks. How many white people in Detroit? About 30 man. That's enough. 10 after 11 at 5. 60. Q.A.M. The fight to Vegas. Yeah, all the strip clubs. Girls with women, you're crazy. We're given better life than we were. Tyler, never freaking comes. They said bye to the bucks. It's cheap. Well, for nuts. The three been hell as you drove away. Because they wouldn't handle many things. Oh. From the time they had in charge the Soldohatt and Minna went onepatthome. Rachel. Oh. The $10 thinks the cub almost just stealing Look the hole this wasn't big damn home But I have to go use that stuff come Vincent's out to the butt And she went up and down They're all done by the way, let's hear it Let's hear it Now I think of all like like Like Mmm Alright That was that one I can't imagine who put that in there Probably some retard Probably some crazy person Dude Dude What the call was it? It's called um I don't know It's called Ben and J.Lo. Okay They're done as anybody here No, so tired of them just go away don't you understand? You closet bags I mean just go away Alrighty and stop with a funny baloney crap And you movie suck by well all of his is movie without her I guess is doing pretty good Didn't he have a movie here recently without her? I don't just ditch the bitch Ben That's all ditch the bitch go back to Matt ditch the bitch Here's one for our poll today by facts from al thank you al good choice empty graves from the original WK ID channel 51 Charlie Baxter M.T. by the call there you go Or put in his real name or the character name empty grave okay And what about what we got Dave Dixon right from the original channel 51 Those are the days babies from pirate world in danya back when they had the nude beach in danya back when we had like all kinds of stuff going on a four lotter Got the pickback. I was like living in breeding fun people here before all the old farots moved in and all the people came in on a rubber rafts Do it hell with the hell do I would be there? Take an Ellen stickable. Okay Okay, let's get some choices for the poll here 567.0560 because we're gonna start doing it at noon pound five 60 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line Shall we do we plow in whom? WQAM Yes, sir. Are you doing pretty good how you doing? Oh, no, how you okay I have a Glenn Rinker for your poll Glenn Rinker is good. Isn't he dead? I don't know. I think he had died in Norland over somewhere. I was watching the shining last night There's a little clip of him in the right. That's right. Right. Channel 10 is on. That's right. Good choice Okay, thanks, pal. I had a great weekend. Is it and also on that little clip? Yeah, channel 10. I wouldn't snooze Glenn with one or two ends, Rinker one. I don't all come on. Who cares? He's dead anyway. I'm pretty sure who's the other guy from Channel 10. Ron, we go through that every time. Ron, hunter. Remember him? No, oh, he's dead. Now one of them tweeted suicide in Orlando. I think it might have been Glenn Rinker. A lot of short people commit suicide, George. Yeah, well the guy from family feud. What was his name? Uh-huh. Cones. Grapecomes. Airvavillach has raycomes and some people comb over like me. Or maybe village Ace committed suicide? See, I don't know. I didn't know that. Till this day I didn't know that. Really? No. Yeah, I couldn't handle it anymore. He was a prick. Was he? Yeah, miserable. Oh, there's nothing more than a short prick. And raycomes. And who else did we just say Glenn Rinker? I think he committed suicide. Maybe we were around a hundred. A lot of them guys. He used to be on Channel 10. I wouldn't snooze. I wouldn't show you that. We had some good people here on TV. They didn't last too long. Let's take a round-law. What about David Bloom, rest in peace? Tell no hint. Oh, the doughy-y-ow. He was embedded and now he's dead. Right. Is he one of our little women? Sure. He was at a Channel six or for a long time. He's a good guy. David Bloom died for another guy died for no reason at all. Absolutely positively. Two many dead people. It's worth it. No, it's not. President says it's worth it. I see. WQAM Hello. I had a great line for that, but I can't use it. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. WQAM Hello. Okay. Why don't you have to be on a shirt fuse today. That's Friday. How come the kids are about to school today? Don't know. They are. They are. Yeah. And finals. Really? Is that it? Yeah. So maybe nobody's in town. WQAM Hello. You're a star. How about the New? It sounds like me. Anyhow about the former Mojur. Well that's 100 years ago, okay. Do you think so? On Channel 7, right? That's even before I came here. Uh, about Wayne Farrow's blue eye. Wayne. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. We're not talking about who you have the hotspore, okay? Wayne Ferris. Can we put him on there? Yeah. I don't know. I don't know. I know he's dead. I don't know. It's spelled. So he won't mind if we misspelled. It's a good Glen Wrecker. I'm pretty sure they're both dead. See it's okay if you misspelled somebody that they're dead. I just spelled Mojur. MOSATR. Mojur. Just like Gary Mojur couldn't drive his finger up his butt at the track. 560 and Mark Mojur. 560 and Mark Mojur. Another stiff. 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. And there's something with a phone here. Is this phone screwed up? Maybe not. Maybe it's just us. Give me the QAM hello. Hey. Yes sir. Jackie Johnson. Jackie Johnson. There you go. Don't get coming. Alright. Thanks, Pat. You bet. Jackie Johnson got it. We're getting about 100 names on there for this. I like this poll. Let's say something good about somebody. Okay. So just rip in and ask. Tired of that. Always getting this crap about how I'm so negative. Try to say something good about some people who are good here. And then they got out while looking was good. Here's that first poll, baby. Why do you think the World Champion Marlins has sold so few less than 5000 season tickets fewer than the freaking Buffalo Bison's. Triple A baseball minor league team. And the Sacramento Queen B's, whatever they are. 250 votes. Their fans are mostly for running phonies. 99 out of 257. Like me, most people don't give a Schmidt about them. 71 you said that. Don't give a Schmidt. Soft float is bush league 34. There are a few real sports fans here. 34. And then you knew stadium 19. I love that last part of LeBatrix. Colomore talks about Detroit, Milwaukee Pittsburgh. All the new stadiums in the world aren't putting any. It may not make it the teams any better. More competitive and are not putting any asses in the seats. If a championship of a champion can't appreciate the increase in sustain interest. Why would a new building? And you are. Absolutely correct. I never thought I would live to say it on the year about the end of Ashton's. Finally, he put his thumb right on it. That's over at Sanchez was talking about yesterday. Putting his thumb right on it. And even Kim Boe camp for this morning. Made a very good point. A political point. Are you ready for that? I'd bad at your clearance. Probably sneak in. It's an old Neil's pretty pissed off. Too much in his goddamn sports. Say something about the president. Sports? Yeah. Too much that. You know, bush spent a couple of minutes talking about. Athletes and steroids. Yes. In his speech. You're all said about it. And his bow said as bow said. With all these people dying in Iraq. With so many people out of work. With all of the major problems with the environment with all these species dying. Out of the crap going on in the world. And this asshole president talks about sports about. Sports. Sports. steroids. And his Paul the Gallup would have accurately yesterday. And he's the owner of the Texas Rangers. And when steroid use was rampant. Who do they acquire? Jose Cancoco. The steroid king and queen himself. And they all knew what was going on all the owners. Including bush looked the other way. Now, of course, because it's. He's got to be the goodly two shoes. Glander and thief. We're not going to have no no blow jobs in the White House. And those steroids in a locker room. See in Florida we got Reverend Bush is the governor. Reverend Bush. Right. Everything now is with religion. And then of course he also talked about the faith patient based in the show. They should have gotten up and blew them right off the stage. But they don't have any balls. That's a problem. See if the Democrats we do right or they're going to have to do what Howard Dean did. Not lose it. But they're going to have to roll up your sleeves. Right. Just like Ross P. Rose said roll up your sleeves and do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do that. No. Got like that. You liked it. I saw it again like 500 times since then. Yeah. You liked it. Well, that's beside me. Yeah. Okay. I think it's a charge to be pissed off and telling the truth and just ripping him an ass. Which he does just like move on that org as much as I appreciate their efforts. They went out apologizing for the Hitler and Bush ads. There was nothing wrong with those ads. They were honest. And nothing to apologize about that. Right. Absolutely nothing to apologize for. Oh, we don't want to be associated with that. They were over the line. No, they were not. They were right on the right. Right. I can't be honest in America no more. WM Hello. Steve out of there. Okay. Steve out of there. Don't put it down though. Because that was the guy. Yeah. That was an asshole. Yes. See you don't get to vote. You'll get to make selections on a poll because your voice is so obvious. You're such an asshole. You're such a quiz-ling man. I'll take you to the poll. Yeah. Jackass. WQAM. Hello. John Bach. Like I said. Back at you. WQAM. Hello. My law piece. As rojo. 560560. 560. I don't think we're going to have build this list. I don't think we got anybody out there. Anybody here. WQAM. Hello. Okay. I don't want to lose your audience. But I like to talk about you. It keeps us for about 30 seconds. Time's up. Okay. Why does this organization down here find losing? And by one get one free seat. Why do they find that acceptable? Ask them. Ask them. Because it's not acceptable. No, it's not. Blowing six or seven three goal leads in a season is not acceptable. And every time a hairpiece gets on, after the game, all he says is how great his team does. Yeah. You see now watching what everybody else wants. Okay. How bad his hairpiece is because it's worth even in most. We're not a hairist. We're not a hairist. We're not a hairist. Can that asshole? George. Thank you. It's a bush league organization. Okay. It's all I can tell you. They talk a good game. The youngsters in the organization. All the other crap. You know, people are tired of waiting. And like I said yesterday, season ticket orders are trying to get them gouged in paying gigantic bucks. And then seeing tickets going two for one and two for none. And the 10 freebies here in 10. It's a joke. If you have a great steak house, you don't say, oh, we're going to give you two stakes for one today. Can you imagine it? It was crazy. Yeah. And if that ain't good enough, how about two free ones? Yeah. I can see the first person who'd be online for the free stakes at root crits. If it's free, it's me. Oh yeah. Oh. Maybe stand outside. Tap it as throw away for the open at door. Yeah. I can just see it. I can envision it now. Five six seven. I don't like our poled egg. I guess. Or else there's nobody out there. Look kind of slimmed to me this morning. Every time the kids are at a school, it's the same thing. Why aren't you warning me? I could have stayed home and slept in this morning. Exactly. I don't want to do a show talking to myself. Yeah. Ten people out there. Yeah. Seven people ring in the phone. Well, I know six. One of them might be real. You think? Chamba? So what about who did that guy say? That asshole? I think. Shapiro. No, I'm not saying we ought to put him on there. He won't get any votes. In fact, you know what? I think it was Steve Ronda. 26 past 11 and 5. 60 QAN. 9. And low ball. 6. 40. 50. 2. 2. Yeah. Good. From now. From the channel, man. I wouldn't have been here. I guess I'd be killed. Hey. Where are you going? What are you doing with that machine guy? Oh my god. Where are you going? What's the wife? Here was the man up with really one story after another about drugs and violence. Now, she wants to write the role and rewrite the news. In and low. Starring and Bishop. Don't kill me please. I'll see you tonight at 5. But Charlotte. Scott. And full. She took the news into her own hands. What are you going to do with me? When I get through with you, there won't be enough of you left and I got good to pay her down now. Starring and Bishop. Also starring Carl Wethers is the way Flutterdale. And done not just gone. No. There's a stationary run over the midway. And full. She's real. Some news. And. Oh. Going round. And the Dwightson. She still pays really good. 1132. What do you make in phases for, man? I'm going. I'm going to be a little bit more busy. At 5.60 WQM. There was a lot there, man. It was a lot of me done that bone. NBC dumps best comedy ever friends. Well, thank God for that. Says okay. Maybe friends isn't the best comedy ever. NBC promised yesterday not to be run a promo. It sounds like here. A lot of people promising not to be run promos that are offensive. Okay. Using that phrase to refer to the show which will go off the after ten years in May. They were just trying to hype it when overboard. NBC spokeswoman Rebecca Mark said. It ran once and it won't run a game. Just like Clarence said this morning. He would he said when I told him about them promos. The ad earn some people most permanently Kelsey Grammar star a phrasor. Five times the Emmy winner for best comedy. Friends is one of the Emmy once. In addition to which neither show could look all in the family's ass. Right. Or the Jefferson's. Or I'm sure. A Zaynother comedy shows. Correct. Right. I can't blame them for saying that Grammar told reporters last week. I know it's not true. And you're not either. Kelsey. And watch your grammar. Five six seven. Oh five sixty pound five sixty on it. There's no interest in this poll today. Apparently not. See anyone in a while because it's something positive. It's proof. Here's a facts though. We're getting better suggestions on a fast machine on the phone. My suggestion for your second poll is the biggest bitch ever on my TV. Jilla Umrah. Do you know who that is? Killed the Unru. Unru. Kilda Jolda. Jolda Unru. Jilla you are you. It says Jolda. Is it Gilda? I think it's Gilda. Well I don't feel the little man. I don't know how he says. He says makes all the local guys on TV look like Wims. And also says you've have a poll sometime of favorite local TV reporters. So many have moved down to the network. David Bloom. I've seen peest Steve Craft Michael. And it's too narrow. How he's fallen Roo before you turn that. Are you age? Got it? Get it. 560, 560, PANON are going phones are in a little bit. We'll get to you. What? Well you laughed about it. I don't like that. I dropped something out of floor here, alright? I've just taken my time. It's an important facts. What's about the new Willie Nelson saw? What you would play today but we can't find it. Or found it but it was too late. Yeah, it's a little play sometime. Still plenty of time. Tomorrow. Yeah tomorrow show. Now line one, never hangs on because it disconnects real fast. WQM DALTOME. Like I said, but even the DALTOME would have been better. WQM hello. Good morning Neil. How you doing? Okay. I don't have a vote for the poll but I just found that something I'm going home to New York City in April. And I'm going to a seminar and the keynote speaker that closes is Michael Moore. Excellent. Yeah, so I'm really looking forward to that and I'm going to see what he has to say but I'm going to get a copy of the tape and I'll bring him back a present when I come on from New York. I'll stand there. You have yourself a wonderful day and came up a good work. Thank you. There you go. 560, 560, PANON, 560, all the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Who is your favorite all-time? Soft Florida TV personality. New's person entertainment person whatever they might have been. Kitty show. Got a good list. We'll get that up at noon. We'll get it up. We'll go see Alice. WQM. Jump, boss. WQM hello. Wow. They are good. I'm telling you, there's nobody here. WQM hello. Hi Neil. Yes sir. Hey, I think in recognition of Marino getting a couple of dollars. You should play Jimmy and Danny. No, I don't think so. We ought to have been through all of that. WQM hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes. About Morris Maclamor. Oh, no, I can't forget about Morris Maclamor. And they're all the old people that have been here 100 years. Get out of here. I think dead for 50 years. George is rolling his eyes. This is perfect. Well, it's because he's just like Claire Mosher. He's a people around here 100 years ago. Come on. Give us somebody that's with some meat on it. Okay. With some meat on a bone. What's wrong with you people? God. You're about as much fun as playing Russian with a fully loaded piece. Sounds good to me. Mom. WQM hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. This has nothing to do with talent really, but Penny Daniels. Penny Daniels. Yeah. Well, what did now to see that bring back some memories? Yeah. Not good ones either. Well, I can understand that, but you wouldn't understand that. I would. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. I wouldn't understand it. No, I don't. I don't get any of that straight as stuff. What? Just that gay ass. Yeah. And then there's always Anza. Right. Come. What's his gay ass? He said, stay away from that thing. He's got dibs on it. Their fans are mostly firm running phonys under 19. Have you said that? That's why the marlins aren't doing schmitt for a season tickets. Firm running phonys one 19. They don't their pissed off. They don't like this because they're taking a shot at this town. And accurately so well deserved. 315 votes. Like me, most people who are curious about the Marlins 88. South Florida's Bush League 39. There are a few real sports fans here at 39. And they need a new stadium 20. And maybe they need a new announcer. To put that on their two. Maybe boog should be doing a whole game instead of Dave and boring. See, this station, there are a lot of people. Even even now for well. When he was here. Talk to good game. You know, but when I try to get him to really say something about people he wouldn't do it. Right. In other words, if he coveted their wife or their hairpiece or whatever it was, Oh, but he's a nice guy. Who cares? He does a gack. He's a nice guy. He sucks. He blows. His work is grotesque. Okay. Okay. Can they have many, many very nice people who's uh, work is incompetent. Or in the wrong business. I mean, Donald Brainer might be very nice guy. At the attract, he couldn't find his way to the finish line with a compass and a road map and a search party. With Kevin Wallace writing shotgun, he still couldn't find his way there. I mean, just because somebody is nice doesn't mean you have to cover for their, you know, in adequacy. Oh, excellent. WQAM. Hello. Hey, Neil, what's up, man? Yes, sir. Everybody's talking about the Patriarch ending next year. The Patriarch? Yes. The Brady building. And this year. Yeah. The Tom Brady building one that releases the inhibitions on the, on the, uh, the guns. Yeah. 10 round limits on the. Yes. I mean, it's like. And so Democrats raising holy hell about it. I mean, they're talking about what the Patriarch said. Take care of what in this year first. Sir, I'm more worried about the Patriarch's right now, but I'm the Patriarch. Okay. And have a nice weekend. I don't want to do like Paul Braerado here today. Okay. It's said, then we won't have any audience. What's wrong with you, people? I mean, this is a good guy. We talked to him before, but just calm down. The people here are not in any of this. They don't, they don't know from it. They don't want to know from it. They don't care. The intellectual capacity here is like that of a P. So just forget about it. That, that's why there's so much stress here. To be a height. Stop being so uptight all you people. Just relax. We're living in paradise. It's paradise. Be a little more friendly, a little more laid by instead of always being, Angry. You know what I'm saying? Always like unleashed. Yeah. In fact, he should come down here and do that. The hey, there you go. Then he, he, almost people who could relate. If you, everybody here, everyday, they want to just put their head out the window like a network and go, right. Don't you? I do. Wow. I don't just want to, but I do do. I'll speak to do do do. They're showing duty on TV. I'm in some of the, I still can't get over that. Channel for under under the guise of news. Yeah. Right. They're showing crap. On here. Because it's a news story. We're news. So I just want to, you just want to put some duty on here. That's all. Channel for news. Not only don't they speak English, but they put duty on here. Twenty-till noon at five sixty. QAM. My life and love all. This is for twenty-five sixty. QAM. QAM. My am I. With the perfect time to turn you into an e-grow. Way for water, yeah. Channel's in you shall snooze. For me tonight, for a Channel 10 under the covers report of the dangers of achieving a golden tan. Plus, the dangers of red crumbild up in your toaster. Channel 10, Doppler Weather. With Channel 12, linear allages, John Matthews. This is John Matthews given at you. Here's the latest on Florida's deadly drought. Another beautiful day of sunshine comes your way. Who, who, who? I'm joined Christy Kruger for part seven of her special report on the safety of lactation suction devices. Channel 10, viewers. You snooze. You can't view. It's on forty-five. Let's put the white water down there. Okay, we're not going to wait. You can't. We're not going to wait till somebody sees on grateful bastards calling. How many years has he been on there? About thirty, man. I agree. I realize he used to be more popular when he had the mustache. But Anne forced him to cut it off. She did. She said it chafed. She made him shave it on. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Here's the list we got so far. And obviously the interest misses phenomenal. That's okay. We know that you don't want to say anything good about anybody because you're much a relentless heartless bastards. Who would you all know the people I'd call in? I'm a sports rose. Mad, this was great. It was classic. I'm driving home yesterday. Mad dog gets a call. I just a suck hole. Oh, Mr. Manage. It's such an honor to speak to you. The dog is down to the field during the dolphin. She ran into a game. And I wanted to come over to say hi. I didn't have the balls to do it. And Jim is says, well, next time you know, we'll come by and say hi. And he goes on with whatever his point was. There was question. And Manage hangs up on him. And Ripsom for an idiot of call. It's great. As only the mad dog would do a rat. Because he's not into that ass suck. People are groveling. Oh, Mr. Manage. It's such an honor to speak to you. Why? Why is that that ring? Do you know anybody would be an honor to speak to them? Seriously. Can I get back to you? Right. That's my point. I mean, there are people like Michael Moore. I enjoy sitting around having a few me'll be pleased to meet. Right. I don't know about honor to meet them. I can't think of any such person. Do I get to touch? I be. Wow. Okay. Well, that's different. I mean, Tom Brady. I'd be honored to meet Tom. He's a macho guy like me. 560, 560, pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. So negative, so sour. So fuller hate. Mean. This is a mean place. And this building, I think is a perfect example of it. With a disease. Same mean mean nasty building. It's hateful and hostile. People in Bang any child of this building. All the stuff that goes on in here. Just waiting on my book. That's an angry building. With angry souls. With angry souls. Smell it in the hallway. Smell it? What? That's most vague. 560, pound 560 on a AT&T line. I feel I should have stayed home today. Yesterday I, you know, did okay. Today. What's just the mood? Did it? Your ailment. What do you mean by that? Yeah. I'm not in the sour mode. They are. Okay. They don't want to play the game today. Sam, listen it. Play how we. WQAM. Mr. Rogers. It's an honor to speak. Yeah. All right. It sure is. I got an aim for you. She's one of your favorites too. We're ready. Kelly Craig. All right. Great lady. Okay. Tell her to lose some weight. Thanks a lot. Kelly Craig. Haven't seen her in a long time. That's because I don't have it. Why not? She's quite droopled inside. Ooh. Yeah. Why? She used to look like horse and well. She had a five of the baby and she beefed up and like most ladies do. But she kept beefing up. See most women. You know, after that they lose it back. But not her. She found. You can barely see her head. Oh, come on. It's lost. I'm telling you. It looks like the button on a plush couch. Her head. That's bad. Is she better than like the Humper? Yeah. Yeah. She is. Oh. Anyone you can name. Wow. Seriously? I can't even do it. Like a turtle. I know. She probably. That's bad. I can't even do it. Like a turtle. I know. She probably. That's bad. I'm thinking in. Please. I'm begging you. We love you. WQAM. Hello. Chronicle. I've been working. See? What does that mean? I don't know. He's just in coherent. Right. Just an asshole. WQAM. Hello. Good morning, Neil. Yes, sir. I feel so privileged to speak to you. Yeah. It's all right. Right. I give kudos the show time. Put in your diary. Because yesterday they were given a DC 911, the whole thing after 911 and the Bush administration. The best part of the whole show would be was when I'm conned to leave the walk into the room. Yeah. It was so hilarious. She was so ugly and skinny and dark. Yeah. It was perfect. And another for the poll. I don't know if you remember back the candle to the other show. Yes, I do. I'm for the one. I used to love them and don't cock. Okay. Thank you. To God, I'm on. Ask to kill your me to die in Cox Western peace. More than a dead people. I thought he was going to say Mark, what's his name? Jacobson? No, he was not. He would have been lying. Why? Why do you say that? To be a prick? I mean, somebody says something nice about Cox on a radio. Who's right? Who died very soon. Who deserve to die? No, who deserve to be on the floor. George Rodriguez just said that don't Cox deserve to die. I think that is of all the things that you've ever seen. I love all these years. Party. Yeah. I can't believe you said one of the originals. Just for Nanda's. Oh, we loved her. She was a fine fine lady in more ways than one. Can she play the violin? Oh, that was just all McKenzie. Just for Nanda's. I loved her. Wasn't she on a show with who's on the show? Would you be syphilis on channel 10 there for while they had me on the show? And back in a Wednesdays. To me. Jimmy's so full as Bob, but she's got some stories. No, not just nothing. Jimmy. Okay. Oh, here's my friend Mark again, the chronic factor. Good facts here, but Mark. I hope you're not going to, you know, load me up with a thousand. Would all of Dr. Ackens. Oh, the, the, the, the mark is always good. You're the best facts ever, Mark. Like I said, Mark with the B did you see the piece on Mayor Bloomberg, who's a major asshole, by the way, who's known in the polls. Like he's getting excited. I hate him. They despise him. The comments about Ackens. You didn't see that clip. No. Oh, wow. It was one of those photo ops where he knew they were shooting, but I guess he forgot. Well, they didn't forget. New York City Mayor Mike Bloomberg thought is off the cuff there. Comments about the late Dr. Robert Ackens were just between him and a few fire fighting pals, but the cameras were rolling and now he might be wishing had his mouth full. Like maybe a stake. Between bites of pasta at a Brooklyn firehouse dinner, Bloomberg dismissed to be ported details of Ackens death. I don't believe that bullshit meant that Ackens dropped out of sliding a something on the sidewalk. Bloomberg said to the firefighters during dinner earlier this week. They showed it. They showed it clip. It was, I can't even describe you. Ackens, what else did she was beside herself with anger when she saw the footage? I was very, very hurt. I was angry at consent on ABC News Good Morning America. Ackens died last year at 72 from head injury sustained in the fall on an icy New York City sidewalk. Ackens low carb died which stresses protein over pasta bread and fruit, as remained wildly popular even after his death. Veronica Ackens said her husband's high protein died had nothing to do with the fall that killed him. His arteries were clear he died from severe trauma to the head she said. During his firehouse dinner, the mayor also called the diet guru Fat, which he was not. And then saw the food act conservative. A fund raise a re-attended a few years ago at the doctors house in the Hampton's. Oh yeah, he said I was crap. You couldn't even eat it. It was just it was unbelievable. What a guy. Yeah. It would be like if you were running for president. You're saying. And you thought nobody was listening and you started screaming like, I like that. And you thought nobody was running any footage. And he just started losing and doing, you know, grow test unacceptable things that you thought nobody would ever see. And he was going to South Carolina in Oklahoma. And I was going to go to California and Texas in New York. We're going to South Dakota in Oregon and Washington. Michigan. And then we're going to Washington and you see it. Take back the white house. Yeah. Yeah. One more. Come on. Thank you. Mrs. Anken said the mayor's comments took a by surprise. And he had sent a beautiful note about her husband and the work he did after he died last year. Fony. You have to tell sorry to me in the world she said. How pathetic. Just ripped him and asked about how the dye was all bullshit about how he invited him to his house. The food was crap. It was garbage. You couldn't even eat it. I'm sure. I mean, I'm who would want like steak and lobster stuff like that. Yeah. Yeah. Nasty. Things like that. Lobster dipped in butter. Asshole. Michael Bloomberg is a major major asshole. Absolutely. 560560. He even luck it reelected by the market down. No chance. I'll market. There's two chances none unless the none. If they brought back fear. Reload. Just if they just brought up his body. I'm telling you. If they brought back John Lindsay is need dead to. I'm sure you and I think he's dead. WQAM. Hello. Even Ed Crotch would be. I'm a pretty sure. WQAM. Yeah. Neil. Charlie Baxter. Where were you got it? Here we go. Thanks. Thank you. Oh, we should be put Charlie Baxter. Yeah. Cross out M.T. Graves. Put Charlie Baxter. Hey, here. How do I take stuff off of here? Oh, like I said. Well, I put Charlie Baxter. Yeah. Well, you can't have both. We'll take off M.T. Graves. We don't want to distort the appola. It's so goddamn scientific and very, very important. It is. It's important stuff. How's that other one coming? Let's wrap that sucker up. And I realize it's a little bit too sports intensive for the sun. But about say it again, it's not really about sports. It's about anything here. It's about this place. And the lack of motivation, the lack of excitement, the lack of intensity. What do they care about early bird dinners and wins the funeral and where's my Pollaton and the, you know, and who can I bitch out? Who can I get angry at? Who can I scream at? Why do you think the world champion, Florida Marlins? Have sold so few less than 5,000 season tickets. A, a, a, a, a disgrace. What are the words that Dan LeBatheau uses again in a column? He said, it's the pressing unfathomable, inexplicable, damning and probably without precedent and major American sports to win the world championship and have fewer season tickets sold than the anxious and so to be extinct Montreal expose. The buffalo spiesons of the, the AAA, the, whatever it is. Internationally, incredible. Shocking. 139 people say the fans here are mostly for running phonies. 38.6% like me, most people don't give a shmit about them. 103 don't care. Also about 30%. About 30 man. Saft load is bush league 49. There are a few real sports fans here, 46. They need new stadium 23. They just want to say one of the thing and then I'll drop that whole deal. Because we're changing the pool. About this whole sports business. See, I tried to explain the tough influences morning either one of whom is going to ever win any, you know, Brownie points for, be a rocket scientist. I tried to explain them. Sports, broad sports talk is narrow casting. WFA in in New York, which is the most successful sports station in America is driven by old, funny, dirty, I'mus. What a comment. Yeah. He drives the station. His ratings, which aren't that great, but nevertheless, and his revenue, drive WFA in. He's the enabler, which allows them to do all their sportscraft the rest of the day. Here. Here it's me. But, but setting that aside. The fact that a matter is that if it was only the sports part of it, WRF-ex would have big numbers. Do they? No, the fan down here, the WFN, 1800 on your dial. That would have a good number. No. If you would take the same crap that they have on WRF-ex and replace the personalities on this station with that, we would have any numbers either. What do we know? No. See what I'm saying? Oh, I see what you're saying. I mean, when you got you in management, and you got handgoalberg, and you got you in rows, and you got you in rows, and you'll cappling. It's the personalities stupid, and they still don't get it. And you want to know why? Because the general manager is a, a joc-looking, boom, and that's dueling idiot. That's why. Three minutes till noon at five, 60 QA, and by the way, Clarence, you are too. My vocal, this is five, 60. Three years old, you're the one. You ain't got a QA in. Okay, it's the 12 to one hour. Yeah, at least we're today. So we were out on our first date, after eating at a Mexican cafe. While we were driving in my car, let one go, that almost would have pulled away. I have to give you such a cheese, that you turn around. You look at these, it's a girl, no fun. Girl, no fun. I have a girl, no fun, but I do. The older herby ate it, the more I close it in my hair. And so I roll the window down, no fun, no get so there. It's the like something's died in there. Girls, no fun. Girls, no fun. She gets a talent, she's a girl, no fun. But I do. I heard another deadly sport, Then I held my nose and covered it with my shirt. I turned around to get her back, It just a matter of time, before another attack. So I asked if she was okay, That she looked at me, It was a couple of saying, What was your girl's phone part? Girls, no fun. Girls, no fun. But I do. But you do. Girls, no fun. Girls, no fun. Girls, no fun. Girls, no fun. But I do. Wow, they just showed a great clip of Al Sharpton. I wish I would have seen that the main last night. Not really. I was happy to be in it the track. Had a good night. They showed Al Sharpton. I'm Tony. Talk circles went all these guys. Sure. There was Dr. Dean talking about how he's not perfect About his rant and the odi odi odi odi. And how he wouldn't do it if he had to do it over again. But he has to tell it the way he sees it. So Al Sharpton said, Governor Dean, Don't be so hard on yourself. He said, as far as hooting and hollering, He said, if I would have spent them on a you didn't Iowa Coming in this in third, I would have been hooting and hollering too. And Dean went, Like that. Oh, and that going out. You go boy. See, the price on the problem with Dean is no sense of humor at all. Very uptight. Not top 10 most fast night was funny. Eight. Orchistry. Don't understand. All right. Orchistry. Well, that's fine. But it's it came out of desperation. Say, but I'm talking about just off the cuff. I mean, he doesn't have a sense of humor up to that screaming thing. He has no sister. Oh, he's uptight. Overly medicated. Okay. Let's get this pull off here and get on the other one. Okay, Eric. I don't want to get on you because you've been doing a great job. But this is done. It's noon. It's 12.05. 383 votes on the first one. I don't even ride. We already read the result. Let's get on with it. You know what I'm saying? I think it's your fault. What are you done to him? Oh, because ordinarily he knows that the other pull goes up and no one. And he can go eat. He can go eat. He can go eat a whole bunch of sandwiches and pasta. Stakes ribs. Chilins. And then with eating Orlando, Chilins. Something rhymes with that. Come on, Eric. Let's go. Let's get the other pull off there. Let's get on with it. Okay. God damn it. This is a slow-roof in place. This is me off. Who is your all-time favorite soft-boiled TV personality? News or entertainment? Somebody you actually like. Oh my god, what a concept. Ralph Rennick, John Hamburg, Skipper Chuck Zink, Rick Sanchez, and Bishop Wayne Chandler, Dave Dixon, Charlie Baxter, we changed our way. Why don't we have more? Flynn Raker, Jilda Unru, is a gilder? I don't know. Oh, Kelly Craig, Don't talk to what I leave out. It'll be out there. How about Bob Weaver? How about him? Get him on there. Okay. Don't say anything about Bob Weaver. I haven't seen Bob in a long time. Good guy. Great Bob Weaver. I don't know because you're going to see his old and all puffed up. Don't we all get that way sooner or later? Yeah. Maybe not puffed up. Here we do. You'll see. WQAM, hello. Yeah, I thought our Rick Sanchez partner, Sally, the one with the coke bottle off her body. Sally gives me fence. Excellent choice, pal. Okay. All right. Thank you. Sally gives me fence. We might even actually play that. We still have that. Oh yeah. We also have. Yeah. Oh. She was the best Sally fits. Remember the day I told you that I would do that she stopped me in a parking lot? All right. She didn't stop me, but I ran into her after the show. Mm-hmm. And I had never met her before. And she knew who I was. And she said, oh, you know that stuff you say about me on the air. And I said, she said, I don't like it. Right. She had a major. I mean, she wasn't a hostile, at least not to my face. But I don't like it. I said, just a radio show. She cried before one of our fellow producers over that issue. Over what issue? The issue with the coke bottle up her auntie. Things, the rumors that we didn't create. And we didn't invent. We did this past hurt and passed by. Right. Those rumors. They weren't rumors. I have people. They were. I have. I never. I've never happened. Yes, you did. That's the five-way existence down here. That's not true. Excellent. I think Eric is gone. I think he just went back to sleep. I don't think he's going to change the pool. Is he relying on you to do that? I don't have the ability to do that. Maybe he was relying on me on me. Tell them, but I thought he was here in that for me. Hey, probably can't hear us now. Because I would do it if I could. But I just don't have the. If I had the ability to do it, I'd take you out here right now. Kick your goddamn teeth in. And ability to do it. Come on, Eric. Let's go. Baby. Let's go. He's got me a message though, the same that he was waiting for you to print it out. But that was, I don't know how old that message was. What do you mean by that? Print it out. The old one so that you could discuss it. I just got through doing that. We're done with that. We're finished. We're finished. We're finished. We're finished with the frickin' marlins. They're going to play in the peoria somewhere. Nobody cares. Such a win or Eric. WQAM. Hello. We're about to pay him to get any from sale six in the morning. Excellent. Let's try some ego. I love her. I've just seen three of the weather going on. Yeah, sir. Thank you. I left out to Jackie Johnson when I read the list. And Pam Jiganti. She said it was the Saladro Jiganti. Who's the guy that was answered? That's how the local show though. Is it where do they do that show? I don't know. And that's Don Francisco, a Argentinian Jew. They might do that show here, you think? Saladro Jiganti. I don't know. I'm sorry. Chilean Jew. They might. I don't know. Is he the one that like dances on the grapes? I don't know. I'm sure he's the one that like chelian fruit. Is he one of those two? He's a chelian fruit. That's what I heard. Don Francisco. Oh no. See now you're going to pick on him. We're going to go to the city of Cruisthen. Jesus. Or Don. Goodbye. We're picking on Don Francisco. He happens to be a very nice guy. Well, there you go. And a match. Good show. Well. He's good. It's a good show when he has some good flesh on there. I've seen some of the most of the stunner. I'm not that I watched it very often. Well, here's a any YA. How do you pronounce that? Naye Naye. Naye. Naye. He says. First time, Factor. Why is Dean speech and I when he was in Bush and Cheney. Colouring. Porter made your asshole. It's not the only difference being that the media let him off the hook on it. Remember that? Yes. Your time's reporter. Yes. Which one? And he didn't know that the camera. The camera was rolling and the audio was going to. And he called him to make your asshole. There's that asshole. So. From the time. That may be cause the media. And that's the way they do it. Because they bought the media first. They own the media. Don't you get it? Five, six, seven. Now here's a policy just about road rage. Who should get ticket on our highways? Let's go. I'll say that. Thank you, Brian. Excellent choice. Okay. Look at how we got to do. Pull up. Nice. Go on. Eric was just an emerge of losing the love of his life. It's a labor of love, George. Oh. Okay. Who we voting for? You want? I want to skip her check. When you can vote in their care. No. Not if you do. Oh. So go ahead. No, I don't want to vote for skip her check. Well, vote for somebody. Plenty of people will vote for good old skimper. But the day that Rick, a skip her check was on whether it can sense that we're doing that remote. No. Yeah, you do. I don't. And I was in there. I don't make all kinds of fun at him. And he just, I don't know. He's okay. They like them a lot. I like them a lot. I was making fun of his cemetery of illutespots. Oh, yeah. And the fact that he got to be an old-futty dirty. And as he gets older, he got to do something. I made pretty soon. I'm going to be doing nursing homespots here. But that's 24 hour nursing care. I got that 24 hour nursing care. We're going to trade it out in Toronto. I never told you that story about they. One of the tellers at the track the other night. Not last night, but last night. Whatever Saturday. I'm leaving. He says, he looks at me like he's astonished. And I'm walking around. He says, Oh, Jeannie. I'm glad to see your feeling better. That was before I had my co-icy. And I wonder, what is he talking about? I was shaking my head as I walked out of there. And I realized he must have been a one-heard misfudge about my 24 hour nursing care in Toronto. Yeah. You know what Sally would say to my fudge, Roger. I think he beat her into the punch. We're supposed to be in five seats. You way, yeah. Get up, man. I have a contract. It's time for them. News now, camera. I want to thank you. We're happy. I'm going to be back. I'm going for them. News now, camera. I want to thank you. Where the anchor sits? Oh. Sally gets a fence. Very good. She bombs her head and not deserve high broskipses. All the news comes to pieces and bits. What Sally gets? And we want those Sally's running fish. Trying to be with any fish. She's a good fish. She's a good fish. She's a good fish. She's a good fish. She's a good fish. She's a good fish. She's a good fish. She's a good fish. She's a good fish. She's a good fish. She's a good fish. She's a good fish. She's a good fish. She's a good fish. She's a good fish. She's a good fish. She's a good fish. She's a good fish. She's a good fish. She's a good fish. She's a good fish. She's a good fish. She's a good fish. She's a good fish. She's a good fish. She's a good fish. She's a good fish. Sally gives you fish. Sally gives you fish. Sally gives you fish. Sally gives you fish. Sally gives you fish. How come we don't ever play that? I love that. Because she's out of sight out of mind. No, she's told today. People know Sally fits. They know where Sally sits and we're Sally. Shman. Fife's sick here. What wait for her? Somebody else said that. Get him on her. He was here at a long time. We put him on there. We did. Sure. Come on. Richard Whitcom. I've had a tutorial on channel 7. I believe Richard Whitcom was young 7. I think so. Who else would have put him on? Richard Whitcom. Somebody liked him. I can't believe it. Here I was at the old singer. Richard. That Irish singer. Roger Whitaker. Roger Whitaker. Roger. Very good. See? Roger Whitaker. Oh, you got to leave old. Right. That's who Richard Whitcom reminded me. So, Skipper Chuck isn't doing all that great. Ain't to break the news to George. Wait till I get home. Anyone on the line? Because he eats a tropical acres. I mean, what are you just because you get old doesn't mean you have to have false teeth? Doesn't mean you have to do parliament spots. I like Chuck's thing. He's a good guy. Who are you putting on here? Richard Whitcom. Richard Whitcom. W-H-I-T-C-O-M-B. Whitcom. Jackie Johnson is winning. Old Donkey push. He's got six. It's because we got a lot of horny guys out there. If you saw her without makeup up close, you'd puke your guts out. I'm telling you right now. Okay. You wouldn't touch her with Miguel's hand. Ralph Redneck Fy. You're right about that. Touch her with mine. How about your hand? Jackie Johnson's six. Ralph Redneck Fy. Kelly Craig Fy. Love you, Kelly. Loose some way. Please. John Hamburg III. Skipper Chuck Zink III. Come on. Meet him up there. You go, Chuck. He's a very village. Actually, it was the corny spotting in for them. Every other was a line in there. Always unbelievable. For they showed all those. And they were swimming. They were dying. And they were punching each other in the face and falling down in the head. That's kind of nothing to do with his greatness. Five way or three. Love you Bob. And Bishop, too. Glenn Waker, too. Anybody tell us if he's a better ally? I don't know. Changing again now. It's just, we just built anus. Would have been on her long time ago. But Eric's busy even lunches several of them. Yeah, Eric is like, um, up. He's at peaks and valleys, you know? Ups and downs. He gets on your good. You know what I'm saying? Oh, just picturing his peaks and valleys. Oh, it's a horrible thought. You ups and downs. Let's see, here's another fact. It's a hope this second fact's in one day isn't too chronic. Of course not. But I just saw this. Everybody's favorite self-hating closet. Uh, I can't say that. Fag. Mac Roger's quoted is using a phrase that might sound for me to the long time listeners of your show. Oh, yeah. I love this. I saw this already. I'm glad that they reminded me about Moby. This is from the New York Daily News. Activist Rocker, Moby is leading a geod again. Cybergossip, Matt Drogs, that's self-hating Faggot. Blaming him for inciting far-right wingers who set abusive and racist emails to comedian Margaret Cho. Was that before after the Cho? On his website and in private messages to his friends, Moby has been claiming that Drog took out of context. Cho stream of anti-republican-inventive. Intended his comedy stick during last week's move on.org's award at the Hammerstein Ballroom. I was outrage, Moby told me. Everyone knows that Margaret's comedy is very irreverent and lengthy, brutal, confrontational and max-drug-trucker. And exposed to some really irresponsible and vile reactions. That's absurd, Drog responded. He pointed out that post-on-dragicport.com had curly-identified Cho as a comedian and set the scene for her profanited laser marks, which he published at length under the headline, Raw Rage at boistering.org Awards. A couple of days after posting the excerpts, Drog's published shows complete routine from the event. There must be more of this, I would hope. It sure has taken a long time to come over because where's the phrase? You see it yet? No. Oh no. What is this? That he just rolled out? A thing to ring. Oh my god. What is your story, man? He's a busy man. Since Doreen left, you have your own worth of crap. Oh, here it is. Among her salty observations during the liberal group, Celeb Stuttogale, an honor-pulled and glad to attack the President Bush. Despite all of this stupid Bush meant that the Republican National Committee or whatever the F.A. column, that they were saying that their angry, I don't want to read this whole thing. It says they're like, F.A.A. looking for Hitler in a haystack. George Bush is not a Hitler, he would be if he applied him so. After Drog's account was linked by the right-leaning free-republic.com, I want to surprise that is. Choreeseed dozens of ugly emails, most of them unprintable, and a family newspaper. Mobile told me the only good thing to come of this is that the extreme right has shown their true colors. Bush is masquerading as a compassionate conservative, but now they've exposed their extremely right wing, misogynistic racist agenda. Drog shot back, these emails are mild compared to what I receive on a daily basis. This is the nature of the internet, mobile and his friends just have to butcher up. Oh, you're going to talk about Bush and that's what he was getting to. Butch up, bitch. Silly as bitch. Self-hating, closet queen asshole. Anyway, join George tomorrow, 11-1 at Bill Siddles, but I'll be about to say this. This is how much a guy I'm going to be there. See, the sandwich a guy. He'll be playing music. From WCMQFAMA, he'll be playing music. See the views music. See the views? See the picture. See the picture. See the picture. She's dead. Stick a rass in the back of the ship. All eyes. One thundabin. One thundabin. One thundabin. That's all we do, Mark. He's got a rass out. Take care of. Carter rass out. See she said it right there? She's a man. What do we know that? She's got a big one man. Giant canic. Join George tomorrow, guarantee she didn't need to go see Alice. 111 at Bill's side was Boulevard of Stings on Northwest 36th reach. Just west to 27th of the week in Miami. 27th Avenue. What I say? I don't know. See I'm doing a coherent thing again. Like the spots. Stop by the wind prices and enjoy free food from Atlantic City subs. Where our good friend, I remember makes the difference. And Scott's in the background now. He's on deep background. Stay there, Scott. How come there's so many people named Scott who are like trouble? One of those things. Is it? Look for the QM van tonight. From 6 to 8 p.m. The Dural, AL House, stop by for President Day beer specials and win some free cramps. From a gal. I'm sure he's going to be there if this free beer. He'll be there. I said free loader. Free load in spik. 560, 505, 60, pound, 5060 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless 5 Jackie Johnson is a pullin away. Donkey Puss. See I'm not going to suck up an apology as for that comment. And don't tell me I don't know a hot look at the moment when I see one. Okay. So you know who's hot? Who's that? Sheridan. Okay. By the way, that's what you have to read it. That's where we don't have. I know that. I got the copy sitting right here. Who's hot? Oh, you just making it. No, I'm saying you know who's hot. We're going to hot. No, I'm not. You know what? This idea, the facts don't know a beautiful woman when they see one. I can't answer all the crap is that. Just because Fags at least have a little more objectivity. At least women are concerned. But they're doing it. And are uglying over everything with a screw down. Just like when Mad Dog was uglying over that bitch. That's that example. What the hell? I can't even think of her name anymore. Jim Manich is bad. I say, right avant-sauce. Right avant-sauce. I'm so stupid. Oh my god. Holy crap. Just because he took too many hits you. You wouldn't touch her with Michael. What's his name's hand? No. Pain. One that came off in a car. He wouldn't touch her with seed cane's hand. No, I'm telling you right now. You take one look at her and go. Yeah. Yeah. I'll join a monastery. I would call her a doggy post, but you know how much I love dogs. That'd be a bad insult. That's right. Red of un-susturn. Because I can never win a worse team was on her air of remorting channel. So, oh Jackie Johnson, it would be default and Joe little bogged. They're just uglying it up. You know, you guys can do better than that. Don't sell yourself short even if you are. Just because you're limp. I think all the guys with Olympine is there. There was a low Jackie Johnson. Because they can't get it. It reminds me of En Magnoia. Yeah. Fill up. What's his name again? The actor I love him. See more Thomas. John Schwartz. And a character that he's playing. He's making all these obscene phone calls. And he wants to do it. But he can't do it. He can't get it up. It's brave on the phone. Right. Like our colors. Very brave on the phone. No, tough on the phone. Right. Exactly. But off the phone. Oh, this is a little bit of a pussy. One of my favorite scenes is when he goes in to the fat broads apartment. Jokee to banana. And they lie down in the bed and get under the covers and face toward the wall. Office. Yeah. That's what his character is all about. Uh huh. I can't imagine how you don't like that movie a lot more. If they did ended. I don't want to hear that. That's that's as an accident. It's as an accident. It's gotten. If I'd recommend five movies right now. Magnolia would be at the top of the list. It's great. Okay. The acting is fabulous. Sure. No. No argument there. And it's just and it's long. But there are things in there that you will just don't expect. I mean, just off the wall. Sure. It's great. I'm cruising's good. There. That whole storyline with Tom and David. Yeah. Follow them. All the story lines. Right. All of them. They should have ended. All of them. Wait for the sequel. All right. 26 past noon at five, 60 WQM. George's tasted movies is. And suspect. He did like Requiem though. A lot. And a girl did not because he didn't understand it. See you could. Should have explained it to him. Maybe you could have watched it with rush. It was about. A lot of people. And others. And others. Of the drug. Some people. Shooters and poppers. Let's get some poppers. Okay. It's this. Rush. Paloping. Let me tell you about a great place. Armstrong. Toyota of Homestead. You're locally in an operated. Armstrong. Toyota Homestead. Been treating people right for a long time. Well, I'm losing all of my voice. You notice. I'll have some more tea. You'll find him on US one. Just 20 minutes south of 836. Armstrong. Toyota of Homestead's worth the driving of my warrior. Because they're going to save you crap. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. answer the Salmi's question. Yeah, I do. It's who gives a cramp. At Benifer anonymous, we know you're bombarded with temptation from media outlets help that to fuel your unhealthy obsession. Today I made a breakthrough. I've learned that there's a war in a rat and a prolonged economic slump. Very good, Sally. I'm not sure how these things will affect Jennifer and Ben. Intervention! Intervention guys, get over here! No matter the severity of your Benifer addiction. Benifer anonymous can get you the help you so desperately need. All Benifer anonymous meetings are held in quiet private locations with no one else around. In movie theaters, they're still showing you you. Forget about them. Prop 32 at 5.60 WDK, make me a nice cup of tea here, herb tea. Boys, that good. Now what is it about? About tea that makes you cough. Makes you cough? It just did. Who's your all-time favorite soft-loaded tea personality? News Entertainment, whatever the hell they did. Jackie Johnson 15. She is simpillating. That's sad. Makes me want to cry. But I think of all the people that have worked their ass off. Asping the operative word, which she doesn't have one. And I really, you know, really done something worth talking about on there other than just show it standing there. You know, she's like the Vanu White, a soft-loaded TV with bigger fake boobs. Skipper Chuck's saying 12. Your buddy, Skipper Chuck's moving up. Don't eat a tropical acres anymore, Skipper Chuck the laugh at you. He likes it because when he goes in there, they're going to have the pollen and fizzing waiting for him on the table. Did you ever eat a tropical acres? We had a young, don't party. Yeah. Who's we? We the station. I would be. We here. Here? Here? Oh no. A tropical acres? I'm sure all my god. Hey, it was. Yeah. Pretty sure. Too bad. Mow wasn't here. Then he'd have fit right in. Skipper Chuck 12. Ralph Redneck 9. Bob, we were nine. Glad to see Bob doing what we love you, Bob. We all get old. Including me. Kelly, Craig, eight. We all get fat. Come on, Kelly. Please. Who would we like have Kelly like, you know, March around the newsroom or something while she's on here? I can't. I'm so, I'm so depressed now that you said that. You ever see a plush? What about my good friend up there in Buffalo who I can't think of right now? Who's Maria General? What about her? I don't know. I'm going to put her on there. Yeah. Okay. She's great. And I'll tell you one thing, Jiselle Fernand is a lot better looking than Jackie's Jiselle ever be. I'm not even close. You wouldn't agree with that? I'm trying to remember what Jiselle looks like. You kidding me. Looks like I'm on. I can't picture her. All I gotta do is see some pussy on here in a morning and I'm a jacky jacky. You look so hot this morning. Right. Like the people are called at bag-eyed bitch on CNBC and a gambling channel. Maria Buren. Maria Buren? Maria Buren? Maria Buren? Maria Buren? Arctoromo? Arctoromo? Oh, she's legendary now that bitch. And like I always tell Ted David every time he calls. Even at public said, every she'd bagged the size of her once I did that bitch's eyes. Who would you put on here? Arctoromo? You're putting on a Maria General. Would a G? G-E-N-N-A-R-O-I-Think. She's in Buffalo but she was here long time. She was great. Jackie Johnson 16, Skipper Chuck 13, Bob Weaver, weaver to wed a man 11. Kelly Craig 11, Ralph Redneck 10. He's all for NN-6 now you're making a move. And Bishop's 6, Dwight 4, Lauderdale 5, David Blumen 4, where he took his Sanchez for Charlie Baxter 3 and a number of Hamburgs got 3. And Sally gives me Fitz's got 3. I like that. Coke bottles. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pound 5, 60. I'm not sure what's the Coke bottles or what's it Pepsi? Or Dr. Pekker? It was electrically powered device. I see. That's right. I remember that now. WQAM Hello. Neil. Yes sir. How are you doing my man? I'm hanging in there. Good to hear you are back on the air. Listen, just don't for men this. Wow. Great choice and Jackie Johnson is nothing. Skipper. Anyway, just wanted to say glad you're back on the air. Couldn't stand George get rid of him. Okay. Okay. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pound this guy. Have did he anything to list? I think that was the fudge pack guy. I ain't all of them now. I know every guy damn voice. The cab driver, why so I maybe that's who he is. Maybe that is. Maybe that's what that meant. I would love. I would just love to have him in that chair that you're sitting in my half-tied with his hands. Just in the building. Just take a break. Take a two by four and just keep going. You know what I'm saying? Just keep like. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Oh god. Just in case. I should meet Gilbert. WQAM. Hola. WQAM. Hello. Hey. I'm hanging. I'm squeezing it right here. Let's go, pal. Who are you? I'm dropping my phone here. Sorry. I'm on the radio, down. Okay. Are you all ready now? Yes. You can't wear me voice, man. I'll wait. You're waiting for one. Okay. We got one for the list. Yeah. I can't believe you forgot him. Go ahead. And then I have a comment for you. Please go ahead. Don't go. Don't give us so much for a play. Let's go. But you like the good session of verbal intercourse. No. I haven't had one yet. Not in this time. Go ahead. Okay. How about Big funky Wilson? Big Wilson's good. Put him on a list. Sure. Okay. And I did some sampling yesterday when I was out driving around because you had some complaints about what? That, uh, who'd you push you radio is, you know, running them all off the dial because of the last sampling and arbitrom? I'm going to be like, yes. That's the odd trickle. See. Here. And I believe you same here, though. Oh no. Well, I guess. Go ahead. See M.A.C. See. Yes. S.S. I'm sorry, uh, 92.3. Right. No. You said 93.3. Yes. I said no. I did trace. I caught John M.A. You got me. Yeah. What is the one? Well, it's a very interesting smattering. I mean, if you saw that, what they were trying to do to the old one, I'll three five after, uh, body by back since it could over with a mom. This is what I was supposed to it. Really? That's how I got out. I'm going to say to Big Number in there. Well, because there's some people that are still desperately trying to hang on to the D-score. I see. Sounds like I'm like, you're wired diaries to me. I would, I would argue with that, but I looked on my radio and I got one of those radios that have the, um, the kind of programming that you can expect on it to take a frequency. You know, all of them do it like 99.9.9.9.9.9.9.9.9. Why 100 says, why 100? That's 100.7. Mm-hmm. This one says, classic, uh, yes. Classic, uh, music. Classic, uh, music. You know who our good friend is working over there at the production director? And of course, you know what you'd punch out five, 60, it says. Sports. The music director, our good friend. The on Q.A.M. it says, because it's A.M. Right. Pretty clues. Oh, my God. Dick White's done. The quiet storm was crazy. What are the kick-and-ass? I'm a little bit nervous, Andy. Right. Yeah, no phrase, but over there for, who is this? Uh, boomer. You said you knew every voice? The boomer? Yeah. Who the hell's the boomer, George? This guy? He's one of the, uh, Larry Kingwood, you got a table. Oh, the boomer? How you doing, boomer? Yeah, right. You got a great memory. Why? You're stupid. I forgot what it was like. Well, listen, thanks for the good news, boomer. Okay, and when he gone back to T.O. As soon as possible. It's a great place that I spent 30 summers up there. You can't beat it. Well, you listen to when you're up there. You listen to a child math family. You listen to a child math family. I've never turned on a radio once. Really? Not even TV out here for good talk. I hate radio. Well, so do I. Oh, listen, I listen to Mojo, eh? Hey. Good waters. Have a great day, boomer. You too, Neil. See, I was a little more a sizing. I got the boomer. Wrong boomer. It was Joe name. Joe's got a drinking problem. What a surprise. And he's all wrinkled up like a prune thing. He was to give you a big kiss. I would play that drop at Mojo. David, it's on a disc. I don't want to do that. I don't want to go through that effort. See, up in my DCS, I got all good stuff in there. I might be even being the same. But including stuff you'll never dream of. You might be in there under what? I don't know, Joe name it for something. Under Joe and Bo show, there's Joe Bowen speaking Toronto. How about Neemeth? And the audience doesn't want to hear this. It's not interesting. Although there is this. There's no one's going to touch these. Oh yeah, that's. What is it meaning you're now on a team of struggling? It's only kiss you. I couldn't care less about the team struggling. I want to kiss you. Thanks, Joe. Yeah. Huge part of that. Joe name it. Our Lord. We can't see him. We'll see these dozen answers. Excellent. He's a drunk. He's an idiot. He's a jock. Put them all together. What do you got? My and local. We're sports radio 560's. You and you. You and you. Yeah. I loved to watch Boogs and Botson biking. But the friend of a rain shower didn't danger your load. That's what the Lord modern-day old channels and you. Slick roads and wet pants could be a formula for disaster. Christie Kruger has one of a rise on how you can see each other from the gentle rain. And speaking of rain sitting in Hordano, channeled home with a man John Matthew. Bring you up to date on the severe drought that experts say has us in the throes of a death grip right here. It's out of line. Or the sigin Matthews, there's a puppy white magnum this day, but it should be gone by tomorrow. When another day of sunshine comes your way. And later tonight on a very special Magnum 4's, I am bring this another touching story about a poor Negro child who needs new sneakers. Brameless dribbles are ringing hands by tonight on channel 10 you. Oh, god. It's a tough 46th of Q.I.M. You know who we haven't. Nobody's in a mess in me and it's going to hurt his gigantic ego. I want to do I give you the real thing, Danielle. Brian, I cross. Yo, isn't he from way cross, Georgia? Want to put him on the. Put Brian nor cross on or otherwise he'll be pissed off. He'll cut you off. In for a lot of deals says, Chuck Doudle. Channel 10 sports. Remember Chuck Doudle went to Atlanta. Real Yahoo guy. Chuck Doudle. He's perfect for Atlanta. He's real Yahoo or Tampa. Now here's one. Marty and Miami says, and I have no idea what this is. To us, authority, recreational fishermen. George Pavolano. Who is our favorite South Florida personality. Six time champion of dolphin, wahoo and kingfee is that wahoo or Yahoo. And kingfee. He's also got three instructional videos. We're not put them on there. Do you have any idea who that is? No. Please. I mean, if we put salty sol but he was on a Tampa. Remember salty sol, placement? Just from you mentioning. Yeah. Salty sol. He's putting somebody he says Brian nor cross on there. Chuck Doudle. DOWDLE. Doudle. Got it. Good. Jackie Johnson's in first place. A lot of desperate guys out there who can't get it up. The guys who voted for probably if she showed up at thousands of people like Phillip C. more Thomas. It probably sit down on the couch on the opposite end and say, I can't do this. You know what I mean? I can't do this. Who is your all-time favorite South Florida TV personality? News or entertainment? Whatever. Jackie Johnson 23. Donkey Puss. Fony boobs. No ass. Two out of three. Skipper Chuck Zank 17. Fony teeth. Kelly Craig 15. Bob we were 12. Just Zelfernanda's 11. Ralph Redneck 10. And Bishop 8. A lot. And so did Dwight Lodderdo. He's right on a ramp. She's got 8. Brechtem and he's got 7. Dwight's on the answers again. Get him off of there. Take a guy damn crane to get him off. Rick Sanchez 7. Rick Sanchez 7. Ty would write Lodderdo. Ever seen together? No. Same guy. David Bloom six. Rest in peace. He was good. Good man. Sally Fitz four. Pam Giganti four. Sally Fitz four. Pam in the at the same time too. Wow. It is amazing. What? Why they had to call for paramedics. In fact, the energy energizer bunny had to like cause way out. Kind of like a witch or gear thing. Pam Giganti four. John Hamburg three Glen Ricker three Charlie back three. Everybody else has got two or less. Dave Dixon's only got two. Oh God. I guess all of us people they've all died. All the people who really enjoyed Dave Dixon was corny late night. Those awful late night movies that used to rip an ass. Hmm. Talk about how corny and awful and bad they were. As opposed to the bubbly big rolls. It was a good guy. But he used to shield for his flicks. Now if you got a big Wilson thing in there. Sure. Big radio. I love it. We do. I have a play that a cool zage. You know, I haven't played that since the last. Oh no. What is that? That was bad. I was just tapping on there. So much. I played that either. How old Brian Cox do you know? Hey, Brian. Are you happy? I hate WLG again. So much. I've been on happy. As whole. What am I looking for? Big radio. Oh big radio. That's not us anymore. We used to be big. Now we're teeny tiny sports. Now we need to go see Alice to try to work as a ratings extender. Make them bigger. I don't I don't find that thing. How could you not? Big. What is it called? Big radio. Radio. Hello. Welcome to Big radio. This is big. Big Wilson. And that's right. I'm no longer dead. You see, this used to be wacky. And that was big. So they dug me up to do Big radio. Well, anyway. Welcome to Big Radio. And we're going to have some lovely lovely tunes to play for you. Such as this one. And maybe a few records. Some like entertainment here and there. Coming up we have the very very talented, the very very famous Starland Vocal Band. I believe it's afternoon the light. When my old time favorites, I used to play it all the time on the The Great Entertainer. The Big Wilson Show. Followed by Bill Colter. And then he read, here we are on Big Radio. Finally, I've made it to FM. And we're going to hear the Starland Vocal Band with their birder lovely tune Afternoon the light. But first let's let me tell you about a place called Pami's sexy Pretty Things. Oh yes, they're very very pretty. Very very sexy things. Very very lovely. Which reminds me of this little tune. And it also comes to mind. You know there's a wonderful restaurant called Stakes and Food. I love this place. I always love to go to Stakes and Food. All my friends were there. Chuck's Inc and Joey Carr. And they have a very lovely menu there. And I'm sure you'll enjoy it. By the way, this is Big Radio. This is Big and welcome to Big. Coming up we have once again. I'll remind you we have the very very lovely Starland Vocal Band coming up. Any minute. Hello Big. 1252 or 560 is a good guy. Fat. And always dead. Here's one that says I was recently pulled by a government pull on the full and the pull questions were such B.S. questions are designed to get the answer to be looking forward. One question was Iraq, I weapons a mass destruction. Answer one. I believe President Bush Iraq has weapons inside of his line. Answer two. I believe said I'm a Santa Iraq has no weapons and President Bush's line. There you go. Not that that was fixed or anything like that. No. It wasn't a big one. I don't believe any of these pull. Chris says, especially ours, could you please play phone lines and feel better? I don't know what that means. Phone lines. What does that mean? I don't know. Phone lines. Yeah. Like by E. Hello. telephone line. What is there is no such big call phone lines? Chris, if you could be a little more specific. Because we have no idea what that is. Because I'd like to play anything in the Wilson Good Time. I'm not going to lie. Because I can barely speak. I feel fine. Almost look fine. Yeah. I look like me. But I just have no voice. But you're also not mumbling. I'm not quite as in going here. It is those spots. I was just mumbling. Fanged. I don't know what that means. I don't know what that means. Fanged. Jackie Johnson 26. Well, it's better than. Yeah. Skip or Chuck 19. How long do the double or Chuck? Kelly Craig 17. You'll go girl. Bob Weaver 14. You go Bob. Did you sell for name as 12? Ralph Redneck 11. And Dwight Lutterdale 10. Although now Anne is on Dwight's ass, she's got nine. They reversed positions. You think she's checking out Dwight's. That could be. She might have her nose in there. Check it out. 560 5060 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless loan. I can just see Sandy Peyton now. Driving that pickup truck out of town with Anne's body back in the. Back seat. Can't you see it? You don't ever saw Sandy Peyton. I've never in the same place as her. She was a lovely lady. I've never seen a picture. Lovely lady. We'll bitch. WQAM hello. I need a one. I'm hanging in. Okay. This is not your judge doesn't speak this language. Okay. I have two for your pulse. Well, one would be good. One would be Angela Ray. Angela Ray's your all-time favorite. I love this. Especially when she came back. I guess she left for a while. Now she's back. Yes, she went to New York for a few minutes. Yeah. Okay. The other one is my all-time fan. Yes. Kitty Carlisle. Kitty Carlisle was on the air here. Another asshole call. Another guy trying to be funny. Is he funny? No. Is he interesting? No. Did he am use you? No. No. You're just an asshole man. See anybody there would vote for Angela Ray first. Then Kitty Carlisle. Click. There was clever. I'd rather hear the guy that goes, Chambas. And we will. Oh, yeah. He's already got two today. We'll give one more. WQA. Hello. You're what about Nancy O'Dell? Who's that? Nancy O'Dell? Yeah. I never heard of her. I know Ed O'Dell. She's on that day time show. Is she a soft-floor person? Yes. Who's on that empty seat? Oh, Ray. I don't care. Okay. We'll put it on there. Thank you. Nancy O'Dell. Okay. Oh, it's easy for you, Gido. Ed O'Dell. Garconplink. You know Ed O'Dell? No. Yes, you do. He's a news reporter on four or six one of them. I don't care. Yes, you do. You know who that is. If you saw me, you know. And they don't have a big rack. I don't remember their name. Hey, well, he does. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5. I heard Joe Rose talking about his teach yesterday. That was great. He's always talking about his breasts. His guide to mastia. He was. Yeah. Now, you know who else had big breasts and died of a... I'm trying to tell Joe loose to get in shape again. Rod Roddy. Right. He died of breast cancer. That's right. It can happen. It can happen to you. And Bob Barker's still on. But it's scary. Well, what I saw... What they was at Wednesday on a press is right. Maybe want to cry. I was like, I'm a snoring. I love the show. Yeah. But he has... He's just... Like, like I said before. Lost it. Time to go, Bob. Oh, God. Go out with a stream of glory. Don't go out like some dottering fool. I can't remember what tell game it is. I'm Tuesday. He tried to push the guide to the mountain climber over the image of the machine. He did. He was pissed off. Oh, no. Who could that be on a bat line? Hugh A. In bat line? Hey, bat line. It's for you. Good friend. So it's calling. Yes, sir. How are you doing? How are you doing, man? What a shock. Somebody we actually enjoy talking to this. Not supposed to be that way. I understand. I bet you do. Geez. Everything under control. How's your project doing? Yeah. What are you laughing about? You guys loved him. Yeah, I know. I know. I remember that day too. Yeah. That was great. Oh, man. You really thought strange today. I tried it all the time. I just... I got a cold. I can't speak. You've had that. Let me go. You tried it all the time. Probably caught it from work. No. You know what? I haven't talked to you. I don't even know where you're doing. I don't know where you're. Was that recording? Yeah. Oh, wow. Who the hell is up with the Paul? I don't know where you're. We're like you. We hate you. Who? JNC James. Which one of her from the old one? Wow. Wow. Wow. Boy, you better get yourself a hobby. I feel like you're the one. JNC James. JNC James. JNC James. JNC James. JNC James. JNC James. JNC James. JNC James. JNC James. JNC James. JNC James. And how about the guy who used to do the dog racing shoulder to false T-shoes died? JNC James. The guy that Larry King gave the mighty go back on TV. He used to do the shoulder jica? You know what I'm talking about? I do. But I can't remember the name. This is the only guy that ever did a TV show with no teeth in his mouth. JNC James. Man, it's serious. It's a truth. Somebody won the Hooray. I know you don't know. I was glad to hear you mentioned your a couple of days ago, about the audio on on channel 7 yeah my cable right yeah it's been a way for one but if you if you watch it on the uh and the direct TV is right so it's a lot of channel 7 it's the cable it's that crap cable we got come can they should dry yeah we'll take care of yourselves so don't I'm doing it right now please and but you are I'll see you later don't work too hard okay oh he's great yes see we finally after all these years you've five of it that you hate a rich like poison you know why because now so it says it's okay he hasn't talked to me it doesn't matter yeah it doesn't hate right yeah you do I don't don't like him at all don't he's a redneck yes hard-ass sure dickhead okay can be we got to do the break and I'll I do this but here not I don't know I can't play a sound as I can't speak just the one to two hour it's a phenomenon now what was that about Brian was in a closet and Andrew came scored scored that he remember Carlos said to Connie and that's he and the godfather when he was whipping her with that belt clean it up clean it up you get getting back in his own bitch so Andrew said to Brian in the closet Neil God it says how about miss or timer or Jack speaking to ladies Jack or timer she was just on the morning and of course they're in contact with a rover on the moon on the amars again we should be mentioning that good great don't you feel better much they're talking to it hey rover uh... aren't highly says tell George throw on for me roll one for our in highly okay uh... use pipes he's at the uh... jc pennies and westland right now cinnamon stover oh boy somebody's a new way back remember her cinnamon stuffer sure real silly person on channel seven course that's redundant nobody's voted for spilky's new way thank god cinnamon stover from wsvn right excellent good list of uh... how come nobody's mentioned don't know uh... put them on i don't come on some people of all for done no he's a good guy good weather guy knows what he's talking about some of the time out to one weather guy that nobody's mentioned so girl or a guy nobody's mentioned yet i know i'll give you a clue ok you got a narrowed down no come on miss come on that's why i was gonna uh... think the first time in a way that well she's got a little bit of a problem who we know doesn't on TV in this town oh come on you know who else we have put on her speaking of whether people are good friend who occasionally bob so per don't you want to put old bob so per under he's a good guy absolutely like love there too many people like us but he likes us you're in also we know what all like us all the way back to put you under you won't get any votes please a good guy five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty let me do the promo again because i think it's so amusing join George tomorrow eleven in a morning to one o'clock all you real died in a moment we want to see if we still have anybody listening out there other other just not down there and where and where does anybody go on Friday this is our ways they can no seriously and of course now the kids were on a school but we have a lot more of three day people to the beach but it is not i'm not i mean out of town they go away like you were laying on the ground or lando ok on go to where and pipe plaza Melbourne don't eat and they're done eaten eleven one you can be eaten at the bill side of all of our savings northwest 36 to get there early 27th of the time you get there only because these sati guy only has so many senses and they are supposed to mean the guys that work there will eat them all up stop by the wind prices in your free food from a lot of city subs i was a great guy with all your are five sandwiches anymore look for the qm van tonight from six to eight p.m. at the dowell alhouse stop by for president and tibia specials and wins in free crap from a yearland your favorite station used to be qm remember those days all all all time i go one we used to be good jackie johnson now they're only doing that aren't pissed me off and and see and they don't understand and all care and all care they can vote for whom every day like but she's not down with that 38 votes you're not on the honest best not even she ain't in the top 400 her her how many sheets would we have to go through to put her man but she's got 38 skip her job to get any five yeah about 45 and one on the right is about a 32 though she's got two fake boobs and they're not even the same son no they're not that mean one one is a a maria carry model and the other one is more like a van a white one it's a white one and they'll look kind of like more puse jackie johnson 38 with a skinny ass you don't want to remind me of it's like when the pair's hit the video i remember the day the guy called any really want to talk to me because he knew i didn't care Paris hiltens video i see any intro or remember that day yeah now why would it it reminds me of Ron jirmy why would i want to see him without close on i don't want to see him with his close on and a same with her i'd rather see Paris but she's all then Ron jirmy than anybody would have been drawn jirmy but i'm just saying she's a skanky bitch she's a skanky skinny nobody really isn't they get excited about seeing that is because they can right because it's there and it's Paris right she's a billionaire's who gives a crap she is a runaway ganky that's a horse may ask the there's an ugly horse right argument there in fact i would say jackie johnson's got a bigger body better better bigger yeah as you know that attention much better better 39 for jackie johnson they want to hop on it skipper chuck 27 they'd like to die in a tropical acres with chuck we live the old age man now see that's all you know from is the tropical the cemetery village spot see we don't remember him that how about joi car who dining and they oh oh that guy oh that guy oh god don't be home dance oh that was bad and is as much of a bosos he is on here he's he's the same that's him and his brother steeps jirmy car and here's my brother steeps jirmy well how come you guys don't have the same last name oh oh i see oh we had to never mother's right imma eat to mama and pause now wait a minute phone lines maybe erick could add the bits if he ever stops eating it says here i've never heard that is it x-rated i sure hope that oh good what is it good god what is it it came to the birthday did you mention it? sure oh welcome well i've heard in lines we get all from all yeah i've heard lives i wonder who's gonna call on our full lives it's probably another crime on our full lives i'm sure the big cat is tonic where does colors all the time of the day line spastic morons who have no life here call the power line where are the people just want to waste our time on the vocal line let's try it one more time North Miami look yes sir hey are you doing okay but kind of call it the beginning now North the absolute worst of the pits i know there's a lot of other fucking stuff like this call name so what can we do for you base here i just want to tell you having that day and keep having a good job okay but i have a great life pal yeah thank you i don't ever call this show again mung brain morons who beat their wives on the day line drooling perverts without a dime the power line why do we waste our time with the vocal line i might lose my mind on our full new lives we get off the wall yeah i fall lives i wonder who's gonna call our full lives i'll be another asshole on our full lives i'm sure they won't be the last one i'm sure you won't be the last one you know you go to ask for you got it kill some good time uh Wendy Corolla says she's amazing who is that? never heard of her Wendy Corolla big nips says well then uh let's say big teach us big nips probably teeny tiny teach and huge nips she's all nip oh speaking nip and in the bud the latest track and put your gonna be upset the CNN track and pull no hamster i wrote it down i don't have it exactly here it was like carry 32 and being 22 and the Boston Globe poll carry 34% being 19 enough to go well enough to make a screen 12 minutes after i won i'm trying to tell you just the way this he's just he's self-destructed he's got no one won't let him sell he just uh he he had it going alas he is he's got a lot of warts he said i'll tell you a place that may have a pimple or two here in air pizza law this probably been a pimple and two in air uh on Jeff the sign he hearing a back in the shower those are just pimples it's flying off but may not want you down your food i'll tell you one thing the food there is delicious it's fresh it's cooked to order they have every kind of pasta dish ever invented they got fantastic meal the best in the city try it Jeff and they got three different kinds of award-winning pizza too every Monday night at the pizza law is lasagna night every two day eggplant night by one of these dinners on these nights get the second one for just five bucks Wednesday kids eat free with adults they can see yes famous magician whip it out for them Thursday is bite night at the loft too come on a motorcycle by one dinner get the second wrap price they got it all they got seafood calzone super subs at the pizza law and it prices are so low you can take the whole gang there over and over again and eat for nearly rumor like prices call him for takeout delivery in other words almost for free call nine five four nine one six eighty eight eighty what is that your eating guacamole de riga oh what a spik nine five that's see come on mow is right about you guacamole love and spik absolutely call nine five four or is it guava love and spik guava love and spik i hate guacamoli it's like it's like green taste nothing like what and he's and the good news is you want to find any guacamole at the lock nine five four nine one six eighty eight eighty for takeout delivery whatever and of course uh you'll find them in the pizza lot plaza university drive between Griffin and 595 right behind pirouan imports with a shmit loader parking absolutely free pizza love you can't be to the stick say how the rumors when you're eating at the pizza my my my local this is for 25 60 two a so i'm on a little have one with you too you've seen him on channel seven news first as a two bit reported now as a two bit anchor that wears more makeup than tummy favorite Mary cake and buying rick-san chest here are the dulcid tones of a man who brought you crunchy rick-san cheese like a garage y'all rick-san cheese oh rick-san cheese don't miss rick-san cheese it is pencey face tour over hialia it's one show you all want to miss take for a good one rick-san cheese he loves his audience except you as a precious gift from us 117 at five sixty wqm happy Friday too and we hope you have a wonderful weekend but i spend with you see a oh well make it i'll survive it's the hot tea the great lime die coke thanks again Katrina she's great she probably died cherry or coke today burn us and it tastes very good it is nice in fact i hate regular coke i like Pepsi at the time what yeah good cook but these new oh flavor rack of vanilla one of vanilla one blows too sweet and that's just too sweet but it's kind of a funky taste right kind of like a rat died in it oh i mean i had the lime yet oh well leave you the rest of this bottle right you'll be please gonna like it not take it with you on i mean no i don't look out of the nipple yet although i'm starting i'm thinking i'm starting doing it looks like a lot of people in the audience would like to start the second i'm nipple i would probably jack he's Johnson i bet you know she have one she's got 45 ohs skipper chuck 33 come on chuck Kelly Craig 19 bob we were 17 are are we sliding anybody on here because i would feel bad if i did that slicing i'm sure we are television personality entertainment news sport right weather all of these things how much you mean syphilis well i was gonna bring him up how much you'll rose how about mighty dan frondrius mad dog humper now they're not yeah this should be for people who are just TV people okay we don't have to put no radio people i do you know who mighty bad no i was saying all those ones i was told those don't start looking for the marable thing okay i know where to hello i need your scaros yeah whatever you say some of the wrangler should much better now thank god some of the spots were playing i should i don't want to you know i'm not you know i'm saying yeah what would have heavy uh we got all kinds of problems if anyone think it's another well at least my being here we got rid of those awful promo is before they were able to you know create a lot of disturbance and again it's because clearance he means well it's just that he's an idiot that's a problem no no but i'd rather have somebody who's an idiot but means well as opposed to somebody who's mean spirited and doesn't mean well see what i'm saying hmm who thinks that they're very smart but our vicious absolute backstabbing that's a beautiful that's absolutely disgusting you know who we need to do is a i i i'm sure i'll never see her meter his wife can you imagine you know i'm in years i can't i may be years in the marable you told me that the other day when we had our very brief truce he said the only thing he cares about is that lovely lady he goes home to where we did that's a well what about your wife no no that he was tired about his wife for 30 years now she and then can you imagine it's like my mother how could anybody put up with her for 40 years how could anybody tolerate it and she just if she can't get to you the first time you're repeating she'll keep zetsan and zetsan and zetsan until you find it ah you just you know until you just can't handle it or you want to scream no homework with my mother yeah the bastards had to come in both of them what a family both her husbands were poor i see yeah they had to come in they must say i can't imagine i mean 40 minutes with my mother is fine you did it haven't come in i think it was a good match right wqm line nine me'll you forgot mr alsham shang with his hammock alsham shang shang you okay thank you so much hey mommy you're right alsham shang tummy piece of crap i can't stand him i mean the hammock is bad enough but just he's so full of crap and i'll never forgive him for that day you remember the day i said right here and we had the full the eight minutes fully hurricane threat right and mere pinga pecini was gone everybody got a shut down and of course the thing was already gone by here and so he takes his cameras up there in a fort louderdale and they had some what restaurant was it was something i don't know unless always right they opened up because they think the thing was already gone right was already gone by there was no threat to data brown anymore and she won you and the mayor said this and you opened up and they yeah screw you alsham shang you're an asshole man can't stand you he's one more reason not to watch channel for although he's the only one there whose last name is not Rodriguez WQAM yes sir who made who sang the song red wine red wine red red wine jury veil i don't know red red wine Neil diamond poopy compo poopy compost put your teeth back here that was give her chuck no yeah was that was good friend i lost give her chuck he's a great guy but that was him w q m no yes sir whether i you'd be 40 that thing right there one yes it was if that's what he was about a lot of older really mean this guy don't know you be from we be you have caramel confirmed on you this excellent choice okay that's my choice which is gracias i revitered caramel caffirro i believe it's CA ff e i our own i believe i don't know there've been so many i'm spelling all these pho and that's okay we don't care about this pho we know that can do a spell check i spell it like chattro caffirro red red wine you be 40 that guy you be that guy you be that guy you know he's got he's got WD 40 and he's got them yeah they got a call before they're old cocker what are you playing now red red wine no it's just some a thousand sound like music from the original motion picture sound type oh forever you mean 40 is you want to that camping it couldn't have been the original recording of red red wine maybe it it's red wine is what he was talking about is there just a red wine no but there is there's that one no just in case and don't look there was also a ub illin don't forget about them five six seven oh five sixty point i'm gonna be glad when it gets to be too clock not that i'm okay not really delighted to be here but there's nothing worse than trying to do a talk show with a horse voice 46 votes for a spink or horse face Jackie Johnson is in first place old donkey push 46 yes ever see it trying to some people get confused with an ass Jackie Johnson 46 skipper check 34 Kelly Craig 20 i'm not leaving it there i have much more i could say but i won't bob we were 19 she's out for an andest 60 i'm doing the devil this is only uh guys say rafra next 12 do i lot of day 12 ricky ticky sandwiches 11 if we play that bit they love you're singing they hate you on the year they hate you personally rick even more than the he what's his name what's his name Greg you dealt oh and the David Blum and and Bishop tenipy's both rest in peace i think and deserves to have her ass left alone now do i she's been dead for many years she's not even not even look warm anymore you know if you stuck one of those turkey thermometers in her ass it wouldn't even register the barrier face she's been dead that long while they buried her face down for Dwight and for the rest of us too because we don't want to see that push no more old boy jams please we can park our bike there there's another one had no sense of humor boy the things i used to say about her and here and i and don't forget to use to have the signs up on the bulletin board there at tenil ten anyone who watches the new roger listen to the roger's will be fired right she had a new that is a true story that militant bitty die can now she's dead god 26 past one is five five six three two a.m. had a great time that pop at a park last night in you will too just to have mine from about nine ninety five in the floor to turn pipe pop at a park is easy to get to invest of all they give you free admission and free general parking every single day how's general my tarsher doing he's telling me outside come on can i get a bit of a old dickman cover junior i'll tell you one thing there was a guy to could drive on dick with cover senior man you would have been stick you were great good man live harness racing in a polka room with pump at a park open every monday now listen rich every monday wednesday not Tuesday wednesday Thursday friday and Saturdays pretty simple in other words every day except sunday and Tuesday poker starts at noon to midnight and live racing gets underway seven oh five p.m. like tonight every monday night there's a two for twenty five dollar dinner special at the top of the park restaurant every wednesday night it's dollar night for draft years so does hot dogs and more every Thursdays ladies that with two for one drink specials also every night on the four four player's room there's a seven ninety five played it in her special and coming up this monday listen carefully now monday fibrity two is the next free spaghetti dinner night you don't want to misdite a top of the park there'll be uh it's gonna be chillin uh it's rolling and then on Friday February six which is a week from uh two weeks from the night what's it eight today twenty two weeks from the night pop up park celebrates their 40th anniversary with a special night featuring live music giveaways free prize drawings a family funnily and tea card display and tons a lot of other things go on you know who's gonna be MC I give up my good friend Rick Shaw and he promises to watch the camp before he shows up pump it apart for sign-up casting is also open every day seven days and I'd so we've got the best in hardest to read how I actually from all across North America for you to watch and punch your guts on pop it up park of Black Saturday night Boulevard on powerline road for the new racing schedule go online at pop it up park dot com or call them nine five four nine seven two two thousand don't forget live racing to that pop it up park seven oh five p.m. google nachau I'm going to go on a trip to the beach. I'm going to go on a trip to the beach. I'm going to go on a trip to the beach. I'm going to go on a trip to the beach. I'm going to go on a trip to the beach. I'm going to go on a trip to the beach. I'm going to go on a trip to the beach. I got a few more. How the heck I suppose to be the one to solve. You're going to forget to give me a present for you, fool. What's this? Why you don't give me a present? I'm going to go on a trip to the beach. This is going to be a real bad fight. You'll knock out my pork fry rice. What are your tickets? Exactly. It's 134. I think we can get a little bit of voice. Just enough for 25 more minutes. I was wrong. Now get Susan right now. Don't report. I wash limba. We're struggling. Oh, damn it. In fact, someone is going to be left doing it all verbally. Susan can be outie. Why is she on her list? I love Susan. She's great. She's on C.A.A. now. She's been on C.A. in a long time. We love Susan can be outie. She's a sweetheart. Yes. Other time that Steve Nickel brought her in. Yes. Fredette's super fair. That was embarrassing. I'm sorry Susan. He's an idiot. Steve Nickel. I hope you're listening on the internet, Steve. In the bar. Oh, you're hanging out. Jim Brasmor. On WTVJ. You don't remember Jim Brasmor? Yes. Well, the little shy. Definitely remember Jim Brasmor. He was on her long time. He was very good. I can't be outie with a tiered deal in the end. TTI. T.T. She's got T.T. Uh, Jim Brasmor. He left town. I remember what happened. And they came back on Channel 10 and just. Bond. Did it make no impact. See, there's a difference between people. You know, we liked. I thought he was a good anchor, Jim. But he just wasn't a big factor in the market. Uh, I don't know why. Because it's a different. It's a tough town. Not too many people really make like a big impact here. Unless they got big teats. Right. Big nips. Or big ass. Like Maris Greasy ass. 49 for Jackie Johnson. Wow. That. Don't blame me. I'm not blaming anybody. If they like Jackie, they can have her Johnson. She's going. Skipper Chuck's in. He used to have one. He's got 36. Kelly Craig 22. Got only knows what Kelly's got. Bob. We were 20. I love Bob. We were one of my favorite people. Love you, Bob. I keep saying that. Not too much though. Just help for it. It is 18. Do you see this? What? I'm a family friend. I called him to see. Oh, no. Let us know about this. You'll remember. I'm a phone. I'll be show the talk a lot about literature and science and music. I'm just not going to make sure. You put a evil hat on Captain Kangaroo boy. He dies. Do that. Bob Keeshan just died. Captain Kangaroo. To sad day. Oh, well. Call up Mr. Green jeans. We had such a good. He's dead. Well, call him up anyway. Tell me get ready. Mr. Moose dead. Yeah. Funny rabbit. Then long time. He died. Yeah. Magic drawing board. He died. Right after the show. Yeah. Pinky Lee. He died. Francis Horowitz. He died. Think dog school. He died. Oh, she died. I don't want to play that one. Captain Kangaroo is dead. George put an evil hat on. I bet she died. What would he do? Right after I said it. Right after you mentioned his name. I'll write over. I'll don't ever mention my name again. Please. Oops. What was that? The one thing. Oh, it sounded pretty good. Settler like some sort of a play. Like telephone lines. Your Rogers. Yeah. Five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T. And Verizon Wireless Line. What else does it look at this? I'd attempt. So the defense had those medical records and was referring to them. So today, and attorney for the hospital went before the judge and said, Judge, we want those records. What is that story about? I don't know. If you want to read the whole wrestling most, or if you didn't see the in those papers this morning, it's on our website. Russian is Russian this and the were blacks of that. Prosecutors of this ten felony counts. plea bargain, et cetera, et cetera. I'd read a lot more of it, but I can't speak. WQAM. QAM? Yes sir. Hey, isn't Neil? Yes it is. Neil, you are the overlord. I am. I'm loaded. Hey, listen. How about how about big motion? Then we put them on here. He's on there man. Oh no way, dude. He's on there. Hey, he's he's tickling on right now. He's tickling on the big eyewerees in the sky. Hey, there I keep the right now. Hello, Pete. Hello, Pete. Have a great day, man. Get out of here. Hello, Pete. Great guy. Well, I didn't know it was. I did. I had dinner with him one time. He looked great. He kept reaching across the table and he had my food away. Now he didn't do that. I'm trying to think of who did do that. Remember? No. No, not even. No, there was somebody I can't remember who it was. Long ago, your mom. No, somebody personality type. And he would like, oh, can I try someone that he would like reach across and take a little bit of something off everybody's plate. I hate that. Oh my god. I thought that even I wouldn't do that. I'm about as tacky as it gets, but that is so freaking grotesque. Oh, can I have a little lap? Let me see how that is. And I, what I should've had it was got up and I bent over what. I had you like that. You can have some more of that. What's he really? Oh yeah. I had to push the order in the audience. It had to push the right hand. We'll have her in the hand at the point. Yeah. In fact, get a hold of that guy from the movies up there and Broward. Hey, there you go. Can barely see. I still can't get over that. The daughter is rationalizing and they turned on the, the Planned Rheumann. I just can't believe it. It was murder. Is what it was. It was the theaters fault for not having adequate old people security. I see. He pushed this guy in the head. Right. He fell down when it had a coma and he died. Kind of like that. Rheumann's his thing. WCOM. Hello. Yes sir. Yes. We're getting beyond now. It sounds just like you. That's just like you too. Okay. I've got two of them. One's pretty obscure. But one is a, a gambling. She's not even on there. Okay. Connie. Connie. Connie. Of course. I didn't know that. Yeah. What was that? The long time. How many years ago was that? I'm two to me. Okay. Thirty man. And there was all guys that they were brought in to go against Gipper Chuck Show back in the early 60s. It was called Banjo Billy's Fund Boat. I don't know if you remember that or not. No. Banjo Billy. Okay. Don't even know that. Then they're, we got it. Thanks, Pally. Everybody take care. Which of those are we putting on there? I got Billy and Connie. Chuck. Chuck. I don't know she was here. And listen if he says she was here, she must have been here. Maybe for why would he not? A cup of coffee? No. He was he was crap. You could tell. Jackie Johnson. Nobody's going to touch her. Oh, fifty one for Jackie. Schipert Chuck 37. I don't know why you're saying. I mean, he's got to have a sense of humor. Of course he does. What's wrong with being old and be crepant. Everything and putting your teeth in the glass of trouble collectors everything? Yeah, but when you're 35 So the limo down you're driving too fast It's just a road can I'm down to my desk But I'm straight enough and getting me low And doodoo doodoo doodoo Without those shibings around with the tardisly I know for sure, for no cops after me But who take what come this old lady I'm just sitting here Hope you're the doodoo Oh, I can't believe it Oh, I'm not going to be a fool I'm not going to be a fool I'm not going to be a fool I'm not going to be a fool It's freezing Take that big thing for a shower And take off that head gear in the it sits as two please Pour off While you're right knees down While you're tapping knees out Captain kangaroo dead at 86 76 It's enough to make you scream His show you how many years his show ran Bob, turn the man Right on the number Bob Keeshin out of generations of children His TV personality captain kangaroo is died at 76 Only moments before his name was mentioned in vain By talk show producer George Rodriguez at WQM and Miami I'm reading the right off MSNBC The captain kangaroo show began its 30 year run Bob, turn the man In 1955 you put the hacks on him You're killer I do it all the time Ilante Clisto Characters included the captain himself and pal's Mr. Green Jeans Mr. Moose And bunny rabbit I think it's catch involved Mr. Mr. What is a mordmissinger dropping ping pong ball No captain said He would not let the moose In most hair Moose would drop balls on the captain's car The captain and the captain The captain kangaroo won 6 MAs and 3 P.D. Awards Remember Mr. P.D. That's right I love the show I know But before portraying I didn't know that Before portraying the captain Keeshin was the first actor to play sidekick Clarebell the clown on the how do you do the show I guess I didn't know that but I forgot That's important stuff He was a characterbell See, he's a little, he's the squeeze it Keeshin was author of numerous books including Growing Up Happy Captain Kangaroo tells yesterday's children how to nurture their own And good morning captain 50 Wander 40 years When Bob Keeshin something TV's Captain Kangaroo He also wrote a series of books about a character called Itty Bitty Tinnah Akini What? Itty Bitty Tinnah That's what he wrote It was about Jackie Johnson You ought to see her real ones Oh, she keeps the minute jar She keeps the minute jar Ha ha ha ha Well, send them all you desperate guys out there Okay, all you limp guys Now here's one from Mark. Oh, this is just amazing. You're going to cramp He's got some old name that Walt Croneys Oh, he's channel turned by the man Right? You better get your typing fingers, right? He's got a hundred names Lori the buzz, Hibbert Oh, remember that? We got drops. She was our neighbor What do they, what are they under? Oh, remember it is all for a very good class So even if you absolutely hate no Rogers Pause Pick up the CD anyway What's the worth that can happen? And that is a buzz That's a hit hit What's the hit? Yeah, what a big endorsement Like grandma, I'm so sure And then of course there was always The wallup Yeah, she did Let's see who else Peter Ford Bob Mayer How can we leave my good buddy Bob Mayer off of there? Hey, get off the phone books, Bob People are starting to talk Michael, pardon me Well, I don't put him on there if you want He just pissed me off and I think about Captain Harris We hate you now, Mike, we used to like you a lot And I would despise you and idiot Sockin' Captain Harris' Smetley Old Toes Nasty Camrell Marshall Ha ha I get an ease Let me give you a clue on the next one I'm smelling them all wrong I'm gonna give you a clue for get about spelling Dave game I was gonna say it bigger than life itself It's so Terry Mererman How under she's connected to Jim Mererman, Jr. Or Tom Mererman Oh Somebody says Tony Sigretto Now spell his name right, SIG RETO Okay, you got it SIG RETO You got that? And you might want to put on there He's an asshole Yeah Well, I'm sorry he's one thanks friends, I forgot he's still an asshole Uh, just speaking of that, sloppy Jennifer I forgot that note that we'll cut notes you wrote I can be for the things I said about her What she's gonna do that show from Italy on the Travel Channel She's, uh, massive runaway ego I'm totally spelling all these wrong I don't care Nobody cares Uh, what else? Gail Bright Okay How can we leave off our close friend? Sorry, Gail They're talking about eating yes, eating yes That was Gail Bright Same as her Right Brad Burkey I don't know who that is RETO Who is that? You don't remember ROD? No, might be still on somewhere Who was it? What was it? He was ROD I don't know who that is ROD Barthie Todd Tungan That's the big question in Channel 10 Is who is Todd Tungan and does Don No Todd Tungan Willard Shepherd Now I get confused between Shlao no that's slump smith that's on Fox So Fash is news now He's an idiot Or talk about a lightweight He used to be used to have that ballet Slip resigned in the parking lot Packed there Channel 7 and IOD Willard the huh? You know what I'm talking about Yeah, Shepherd smith Oh, Shap Shap is helping Shap Willard Shepherd is on Channel 6 Andy dark and plight No, he is Or the late Mark Lugner on Channel 7 And you D&ER Mark Lugner I don't think there's any Oh And it Let's see There he is Here's an it's talking about least favorite Tony Sigretto is one of them as well as Dan Conflon The asshole did sports for Channel 6 Late 80s who kept accentuating his reports by ringing a bell He was an 18th century town cryer I remember he once called Michael Jordan and idiot For missing a slam dunk he was gone soon after that Inc Inclusion says Mark boy is a lengthy fact Scott Thank you Mark John Hamburg should be doing much better That's right John was great And then he went back to Texas to Houston I think I'll be where his boobs 42 He was actually a huge light John Hamburg I like him great what he talked about He was he would I would say he's the best news anchor Oh Del Frank that kind of get upset with me We don't put Del Frank Del Frank Del Frank Del Shannon Frank Rest in peace he also did how come all the good people are the dead people and the rest of us are still alive God Say well do something about it George Start with your mama. Oh I hexed Captain can grew Yeah Say your mama Me mama Oh Two mama no she's more powerful than all of us I see Okay Thank you Mark This is fantastic Oh and he also done Francisco Do we put him on it? No but we will Cause somebody says the one person you forgot we talked about And says the old pervert will zoom to the top of your pole Those old Hispanics love him says Tais One of yours What do you mean by that is a Jew? Yes Down Francisco he was Jewish Oh A Jewish spick See he's a jubin He's a Chilean Ah What is this? Who is this? Oh this is must be is this picture of Was that? Is that Skipper Chuck? I can't even tell who that is Somebody's paying Skipper Chuck Who is that? Captain kangaroo? No I don't know I can't even tell who that is It's definitely that talks about Dave game in the same But that's not Dave game That must be Skipper Chuck He did it in 90 Look at that He's rinsing out his teeth That's a beautiful shot He looks a little like Dave Duval The weatherman on CFT on Toronto But he's not He's great I love Dave Duval Never you see him no KS says And Bishop is the only news anchor That ever did every newscast with the giant Why don't we go about She had a giant water in What's he to the nose? You know where she's got it now? Rectom That's a dry told me One night they cut back to end Two quickly after commercial She was looking down at her copy And furiously chewing a huge lot of gum Suddenly she looks up completely Startled by the fact that she's on here Pushes the water gum into a right cheek And starts her story Ever after that I could always tell her was a water gum in her cheek I really gave her voice that Bulled like he saw Maybe the police back Maybe it was a child Like she needed a lot of help I got it I had more This poor 20 or 5 seconds You way yeah Music Maybe the messy that we're lacking in the pool They provided a headlight That will be you by the pool Yeah You say And said Is the one You get it Now they I've only won They take the nerve Don't bring it down We got it Now we're all pumping and saying We got it We won't take it Still more We got it We're all Can't get any gum But no one can't get a free You believe What they say And they say Like the boy The wolf who I think you can't He's the scared Stakes in the pool With true Probably a lecture But we got it Push it's got it Came with me We got it Get them on your knees We got it And I'll try We're going to South Carolina In Oklahoma And Arizona And North Dakota And New Mexico We're going to California And Texas In New York We're going to South Dakota And Oregon And Washington And Michigan And then we're going to Washington And you see it And take back the way down Yeah Bye bye Bye bye Bye bye I'm five six And you And you And you And you And you And you