Find out for your rush Or something I'll tell you but we can't sit it on the ears. We're something Somehow I need some help Oh hello how are you friends? Welcome to the federal office You think of bad black men? Just stand in case the atmosphere is a mess Never got it How do I kill it? I'm a radio near you All right, 10.01 at 5.60 WQA. I'm happy Monday too That's a good news on there for all I really good news but promising news anyway, right? About what? About this whole radio business That news, yeah Right, Chris, whatever this is make wrong. I'm going to be dead anyway Are you really saying that? I didn't see it I know I was busy watching hockey I forgot all about it. Plus now I'm going to have to go on by the woodwork book today. It comes out today I just like 14 minutes of it and I'm still kicking myself Damn you missed 14 minutes of it. But here's something right now. Wanted to do this. See there is There's Bob Woodward who is a little on the wooden side But nevertheless, see I guess it must just be a coincidence that all these books have been written just one after another And they all basically say the same thing I told him he's trying to make money until him How do you like that? Anyway, here's the result of our pull over the weekend. A lot of boats, plenty for 143 If you like some of us being held today, who's your choice for president? Now Bush got a little bit of a goose right there at the end because he was like 13.4 13.1%, not that he got to 14% but you're not full on me. I see when the pilot on is going on Didn't help. If we're having a election right now, Sean Kerry 1845 75 and a half percent George W. Bush 239 13.8% I wouldn't vote 114.8% Ralph Nader 87 3.5% Stubborn Stubborn Fools And I can't vote 61 either too old, too stupid, too young, too A little, whatever they are. 461 3.5% for Nader and that's pathetic They just don't get that They refuse to understand They just continue wanting to chase some kind of a pipe dream or just be stupid And what it is, and we can't afford to be stupid this time When you got a president who says, oh, why worry about how the future is going to look back on my prison Because we're all going to get a future, we're all going to be dead anyway That sounds really promising to me. How come they're not emphasizing that quote? I don't know I can't believe he said that All right, you sure you didn't dream it Yeah I thought it was, I rubbed my eye and I pinched myself But I thought it was a dead end We'll all be dead Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha Now what did he mean by that? Bob would ask him how do you think the future is going to Judge you Right, and he said the future and put his arms out like in a big wide arm Shredded And just to say what future? As it's to say that's a long way off The future we'll all be dead We'll all be dead Hmm Well, I'll be. Let's be there you go Big Donald, just relax now. Don't get yourself all worked up into a tizzy or that moron Okay, he's a real moron Right, too late McDonald's CEO Oh, Dice of a heart attack now I don't want to suggest that press the eight to much of his own product because Dave Thomas died too And I think did he die of heart attack? I think so I do believe so Whereas the Sherman and CEO of a Donald Jim can't loopo That have been a current heart attack at the age of 60 today as a matter of fact He was attending with companies older operator meeting in Orlando The world's largest restaurant chain cannot immediately see who was taking over either eight too much of my balance too much can't loop Take it over as responsive. He's focusing on Mr. Kendall who pulled his family some McDonald's folks woman and a rose in it Candelupo former vice chairman president the company was brought back to lead McDonald's in January 2003 When the company was struggling the cop was falling profit and they saturated hamburger market Another great term a saturated hamburger market. Uprates of man cow disease and for service. That's really nice all of these things All of these things Yeah, that's why it's kind of a saturated hamburger market It's got a little play on more dishes not a really nice thing to do in a no bitch work when a guy dies I bet you're one to a man one big Mac too many put him right over the edge. I don't so thank no dude God, that's bad I want confirmation that you just didn't dream that because you know you're a lot of a magic mushrooms and stuff like that sure that the president of this country said Future we're all going to be dead He said why are they screaming about that? I mean we got all these other clips from a woodward on here. We'll all be dead and about how the Saudi saw the Not just the road map to war and Iraq before even rolling colon saw to some of the other people named the administration. Although Chris Bander somebody take the show and okay audio the way we went. Hello Yeah, George is part right, but not quite what you was hearing He was referring to historians in a hundred years Are gonna look back and say something but if that time will all be dead. He wasn't saying you know a Pocrophic apocryphly that we're gonna be dead now Oh, I said he said yeah, but you look at my I'm there look I'm here. I do but that's not that was not you I can't imagine that he was I just a little more Lurgies the world stress I'm quoting exactly thanks a lot Apparently the one missing chirping it but no, he's not with his stop arguing with his very area That was a color also hate speech like poison but doesn't matter like you're let's not let's not try to emulate the effects people Okay, but I'll spin all day. Let's put it out there accurately in the stop. You're all your hysteria. Okay. You are the one that missing interpreted it me you that the color Leave me by that. I quoted exactly what was said on the show You're the one I'm maybe I'm sorry Why you were so exercise about it still it means he doesn't care Yeah, he doesn't care what people are gonna think how could he possibly care if he cared he'd feel pretty bad Even rural America he's losing support down from 51 to 40. What is it? I don't know it down from 55 to 47 percent Or something like that. I'm escorting this. You got me doing it Anyway, here's let's take a look at something on the brighter side on our beaded curtain today If you're over the age of 90 if you haven't we just barely got a pulse Then you can look in if you got several pieces of ID and written notes a permission from the Attorney General's office You can look at our beaded curtain on the arraggies.com and today's nude photo is Gina Gershahn Then there's a naked picture on there attorney general asked cough you golf hole I had a great word. I was gonna start using let's see what that wasn't oh Man, oh Come to me instead of the a word. I had to bet away. I was gonna start using and then start messing with the FCC Yeah, then start screwing around with us. I'm gonna do like they'd love just gonna make it up to Zagola Sure, but I'm gonna make up for it so they can have this big long list Gina Gershahn was born June 10, 1962 in LA She was a California valley girl moved to New York and tried to change her image What does that mean in other words? It's a post-in mean a valigor for she's been in a how many million films by God Well, must Memphis tree which is there film and right now out of season the bat man What tell was the bat man? I don't know. I just bad like the Donald never in a good movie. Let's hear that So girls three-way split tripping the rift all these are TV series borderline demon lovers slackers picture Claire the Islanders snoops black and white face off touch touch this Vow and vest of the three sure in that sentence. Oh, do you need Gershahn's who's on their right now three to use in Peru and lose? Our here's a good news Well, I'm and again, it's not really great news, but at least it's something uh and moving in the right direction Ready ready After months of apologizing to Congress and the FCC for Janet Jackson Superbowl Vestering another edgy on your content Many of the country's media companies have finally decided the phase of God too far All right, I was there put your foot down today Today Monday for 19 Fire com Fox radio one and a handful of mid-sized broadcast groups including Citadel Beesley And intercom will join with activists like people for the American way at media access project to ask the FCC to rescind its recent decision That the effort in any other where the commissioners don't like can the kid be punished with major fines or license revocations This is from broadcasting in cable magazine and I like the way they phrase it any other word They don't like Talk about making the purpose be go along. Oh well, there's nine words today and then there's 50 words to barred Then there's 100 words on Wednesday and then by the end of week live how many thousand words? Can't say that because we don't like it It says at press time meaning for this magazine They're NBC whose broadcasted a bono-exploit of on the golden globe's property of these CC decision There were ABC a join the fight and BC was expected to file a separate petition today ABC is not planning to weigh in powers Spineless goofballs Even a few performers are getting in on the action though. I also asking the FCC to back down our illusionist pen and teller and comedian Margaret Chow Not surprising since Washington's try to crack down on performances as well as media companies If the FCC doesn't strike the bono-roading the author of the petition warned commissioners his clients will appeal instead of a court This is going all the way to the Supreme Court then we'll have no justice What's those nine poses up there get a hold of it? They likely result and the thinly veiled aim of the petition is a legal battle that would land every piece of Washington's anti-Indesians He cracked down on the Supreme Court where lawyer Bob Corn Revere a firm Davis right for main police firmly. They will win How do you like that? Well, I hope the commission's harsh new policy has sent shock waves through the broadcast industry and is forcing licensees to censors speech that is unquestionably protected by the first amendment wrote in the position in the petition damn it The SEC have consciously assumed the role of a national arbiter of good taste and if this is not ready is Is exerting a chilling effect he be saying? The petition chronicles broadcast your subsequent decision to scrub their programming content likely to are scrutinizing eyes and ears From a handful of misfits I should point out Then includes NBC ER's decision to blur an 80-year-old woman's exposed breast in one scene That was implementation of a five second or more delays during live shows The leash of a hit of cleavage from pbf documentary firing of ronti dj's and even a public station dismissal of longtime host Sandra Singh Even radio watch standards like who's who are you when pink Floyd's money have been edited for radio and some stations They're dropping the playlist all together Oh my god Corn Revere highlighted that he's what he says are a model of recent SEC reversals of indies and she willing that if nothing else It illustrates the commission's near impossible task of upholding its legal obligations to both protect children from supposedly harmful drug case content and avoid trampling on programmers speech The Golden Globes kisses a perfect example the parents television household kicked its fight in the high-year not after the show aired in January 2003 but since Buzz later when the FCC staff ruled that bonus fleeting everything brilliant during the live show didn't warrant punishment of NBC stations Corn Revere also points out that the FCC is insist decisions saying you for misamy also be indecent raise the question whether the effort itself or Frigging or I host of other words might also be off limits Frigging including just a letter at which was yes forward While broadcasts have been bending over backward water the programming practices the challenges not entirely unexpected throughout the indies and Seek crackdown including in these engineering and Washington via Com for one has been careful to characterize its actions delays firing guidelines and e-jays as a response to what it not Washington no longer wants on the air by doing so It's not the legal issue of indies and see open for just such a challenge when fret by legislators at the hearings later by Senator Sam Brownback Nazi Republican at Kansas in the letter by a company in Al-Karmaz and refused for now any content in decent putting out the theft determination was a matter for the companies Lawyers in determine a load among the big media companies via comments been open about its willingness to challenge the indies and see crackdown in the courts And now joined by host of others including Beesley Oh man, it must have got that tree long enough to put their banjo in on for a minute. That's great. It's exciting. Nice call boys You go guys. We'll follow you From far behind 10 13 at 5 60 W. If you have missed a time if you meet new mattress to do the smart thing like I've been doing for so many years And made that one easy call at 1 800 mattress Donald mattress backs up everything they say in the advertising 100% the competitors lie like crazy When you see a mattress at making outrageous planes be sure to do one smart thing we that find print because there are a lot of lies waiting for you out there in the weeds Here's an example and big print the ad screen no down payment no one crisp no payments for 24 months The tiny credit the bottom reads like an insect will be give disclaimers. You're crazy minimum purchase higher than the advertised self price Many times not a single advertised item would even qualify for financing Interest penalties are 21% or more shopper-dead financing the most early even qualify down after stats have no tiny print notice slainers no lies no BS No right when you call 1 800 mattress. So discovered there's never enough to charge for same day delivery either Now the mattress takes saying they orders all day long from cable to Stewart from Palm Beach to prestigious Ford Myers And when you call 1 800 mattress you pick the eight into our living window when you want your mattress delivered and guess what they actually show up when you want them to So call right now and you'll see why a 1 800 mattress is ranked number one in overall customer satisfaction The dollar mattress reminds you to read that fine print because they want you know exactly what you're buying even if you decide not to buy from them So do what smart folks have been doing for a long time just make one easy call sit there right on your fat as grabbed a phone call 1 800 mattress or log under their website Macrist calm dial a mattress 1 800 mA TTR Yes, the honest the smart way to get to a great night sleep for years to come Another thing What do you want to put in the star? My, that little fixed week point. I just took that get away with a little skewney wheel. I'll put it in the kitchen. I'll put it in the kitchen. I'll put it in the kitchen. I'll put it in the kitchen. I'll put it in the kitchen. Yeah, what about it? Oh, why, hey, you? What do I do? I'm playing at me. Okay. I want a dad. I just picked a green, and you know, you're a little bit a little bit. I'm a little bit a little bit a little bit a little bit. And I'm playing right now. Why do I owe it to you? That's not true. I know why it's really attractive. But I'm not like a kid. You're still got such a... I feel like I'm as you are my kid for better. And when you're just a one-year-old, that's why you are so much like a kid. I just... I just... I just... I just... I just... I just... I just... I just... I just... I'm on the show. And what do you... And what do you... And what do you... You're... You're... You're right. I got that up. 102560WQM. I'm a little bit discombobulated here with what you said. But Eric's going to be real happy with it, too. Okay. Wanna know why? Why? Would you ever fax him the... Pull that I revised? No. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Oh man. Well I changed the fool and he's not going to be happy to care about that. All of the good part of it is the only two choices up there anyway. Yeah. Sorry, Eric. Our bad. The most important person that will reason I'm doing this first of all is because... I'm not going to do it. And why should we work? Because we won't be there in 100 years any. We will all be there. The most influential people of the 20th century. And they got to listen. They broke their down. I don't think we want to do that. All of it could cure a lot of good days doing that. Oh yeah. Yeah. No. No way. No. Leaders and revolutionaries are just entertainers. I'll give you the year. We'll run down a little bit. I don't want to do it right now because I would put a monkey wrench in our pool. Right? Who cares about time magazine? We've got our pool to build on. Right? Even our pool building is pondress. The most important person in the world of the 20th century was... Now I started this with just three. I better say that again. So Eric can figure out what we're doing. If he can hear us. The most important person in the world in the 20th century was the poop. Well wait a minute. Which poop was that? A G.S. A.P. Poep John Paul. Poep Pious. Well I'm not putting no poop. I'll tell you what. F.D.R. And then I'll fit. Okay. Okay. I'll return put Bush in there. You know putting Hitler on there does bring him in the mind. Because this is the 20th century. Which ended week in debate on this. You ended the 20th century and after two to the biology regardless. Because he was... No he wouldn't have to be still the election. He didn't get until January 2001. Correct. So the most important person in the world of the 20th century was F.D.R. It offered. And then you can fill in the blank. So we can't go get around with. Well we're good and ready. You know what I mean? W.C.W. And hello. Change the topic. We're here. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Well there he is. Hey there he is. Call the party. Well we say you change your line with it. That's good. How much change in your underwear? I can swim it all the way up here. Schmuck. Aron America. Multicultural F.D.R. To be heard today. Multicultural video broadcasting. Inquiljones radio stations in Chicago when Los Angeles pulled the plug on air America. Last Wednesday. Multicultural's owner Arthur Lou told us you caught with tribune. The radio network bounced into tech was into fall which we know all this by now. The judges scheduled a hearing on the dispute for today. Aron America was released as radio stations in 16 cities filed a complaint. And New York State Supreme Court demanding it be restored to their incompetent. Aron America which reaches a program hosted by a very, very wooden and boring communion Al Franken was lost to counter right wing hosted down in a daytime talk radio. So here is today. Okay, we'll keep you posted on that. Will we? All right. But we certainly will. So let me say by little airport story before we continue. That's right. I better change the topic. It's an airport story for Boso head there. So I'm leaving the Saturday morning for my meeting on national. You could ask me, how come you always fly out of my name instead of for a lot of day? How come you always fly out of my name? I don't know. Maybe because I'm a moron. I'm just used to what I don't know. All my friends that are candid are their A. Mike Elaine. How you doing, Elaine? But at any rate, so I get to the airport and I get my boarding pass from a good family lane. Waddling toward the where they have it all roped off before you go through security you know? Right. And of course when you're a big shot in flying in business or first class, you have a special line over where we're going to write. So there's a guy standing there and he looks at my boarding pass in my passport, etc. And I'm just about ready to go through like do what they have you take off your shoes and under where they're going to let's stop. And here's another guy that wants to see it. And the passport, too. Old Cuban guy. No, New Roger is, I said yes, I said, how you doing? He says, oh, I'll come in and name on the passport. Isn't the same as I said because it's not my real name. I wanted to say, because it's made up schmuck. It's kind of like Ricky Ricardo. You idiot. And he says, oh, how do you like it up there to bother you? Like I said, yes, great. He says, oh, no Cuban, sir. I said, oh, there's lots of Cuban. I said, there's some Cuban. There's all kinds of people and they all get along. He says, oh, you're just like here. Everybody gets along. And I said, yes, sometimes I just want along through that rope line and just got that away from him. Before I started getting like my dander up, you know what I'm saying? I mean, what is that? A fair. Give me a little shot. You know, oh, you like it up there because you know, Cubans. Well, no, maybe not no Cubans, but because you're one of them that's not here. That's maybe why I like you miserable old creep, spit, God. And you wonder why people can't stand my mime international. They're for now. They're a lot of nice people. They don't get me wrong. But they're also some, like, you know, the nip healers and those pickers there that can live without including him. Ask the K, your meat is so catch muck. I just just mentioned it because it was just so typical of how people can be unpleasant if you catch my drip unpleasant. Why do you think that's unpleasant, extrem? No, of course that I was just messing your chops. The most, just like that thing, you told about the present with the Senate and where we're all going to be dead by the end of the week or whatever you said. Is that what I said? We're all going to be dead by the poor. We're not going to be dead anyway. And by the way, that cancer and her son here to more about her soup. Let's just make a bunch of stuff out. Who the hell cares? Everybody else does. That's right. The five people they do at 24 or seven, man. All spit all day. They're spinning it. So like being caught in a goddamn, whoop. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Sam, give a little bit to the last thing back then. I just had a dump myself. I said, damn, I said that you were too well. We learned how to talk. Oh boy. Well, I mean, we all say these things. We just do nauseating. And of course, this company, they can't really make up their mind. I'm delighted to see that they finally boost up a little bit in grew a small fear over the weekend or whatever they finally decided to do it. But don't be making any more calls, muffer clearance to Naples for buyers. Over what we can say this or what we can do that because the answer is always going to be, no, but enough to that. Just to be on the safe side. 26 past 10 at 560W2 and you're heavily censored station. I don't know if this is my 60. So you're the only one who's not going to have you in. Oh, can I have you tell? That's my 60W2. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Go to 1714 for every commit makeup. It's gonna be Gog. I will be unicorn, it is only<|te|> Ceryk. Let's go, 1720 light. It's already 30 minutes. Thank you. Thank you. Okay, talented founding of 1714 and we have 22 hundred percent of things are not olmay. Physical polygyl. Okay. Love it. Clever. We'll give five 60 WQL maybeiful and more. Только isорм that's 11560W2. Would fit us. Good evening. I'm hannoen so any questions? If he can cover me, then he might fine me up in Rox��는. disabilities on mask. Matthew Harper. God of excellence. Where the Emmy saying, I'm going to have a ride. That's the sum of the business I ever heard. And the reason being Brian Williams will take over the number of signature news gas to follow the day of December the 2th. That's good news because Brian Williams is a good newsman. You can actually understand what he's saying. What can I actually speak the language? And he's saying, not now, the time broke up. I mean, this has got to be one of the great mysteries to me in history mankind. Yeah. I'm not sure which is the biggest mystery. I mean, at least I'm his back in the day. You know, what's funny about 100 years ago, he was really very good. But Bambalwala has always been just totally introherent. And Bambalwala, and Bambalwala, I think that back. Wasn't she once upon a time, a news lady, an ABC? Yes, but still. What? Why? How did she get to be a news lady? Well, I don't know. But I'm trying to make the point as far as we can remember. She's been just the interviewer. She's been interviewing people. But Tom Brokeau was like one of the three major networks nightly news anchors, which is with a horrendous speech effect. And more people watch him than the Dan Rather, which it may as well be. All the bands got very disconcerting thing on the tip of his nose, you know, the chanker, the cancerous thing they were moved. And you can't pay any attention on what he's talking about in the news, because you keep looking at the tip of his nose. And wait for it to start growing. So anyway, Tom Brokeau is going to be a signing off December 1st of these last time, obviously. And most of us with any kind of a brain and all, because by Williams' excellent, he's been waiting a long, long time for Brokeau to finally turn on the towel. Hi, Scotland, Brian, you go, boy. Let's add a few names to this list. What do you say before our power hit here? Because we got a lot. Lots of stuff to talk about. And we'd better do it before it's too much. We'll all be dead by then anyway. In the L.A.C.N. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T, the most important person in the world in the 20th century was, was, W.M. Will? Will? Yes. Hi. Hi. I'm sorry you missed the woodward interview last night, but I thought the highlight of the interview if you will was, when he was talking about the $700 million that they took from the allocated money for the... I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. The W.M. War and that they got the... They did a bait and switch. Really? It's a public in Congress who's going to have to consider that an impeachable effect. Never going to happen. I don't know. I just... It's unbelievable. It's a crime. Never going to happen. Well, he's... They're too worried about stains on blue dresses. They can't be worried about stuff like that. Yeah. He said to Crook that's unbelievable. Scary, very scary. And don't forget Crook Rounds with Snook, which I think are both very appropriate in this case. Yeah. And the funny part was when he was talking about... Neurosys said the funny part was when he was talking about the... The Bush intellect and how he considered intellectuals. He's a... It's hard to believe. It's like... How could he ever get why he wasn't like the president and the strike was gotta get him out. So, bye. Bye. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. She got it out of the system and then, bye. I like that. That was good. That was excellent. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6. You know, if they don't want to call and suggest names for the pool, I got the whole system time anyway, so I'll just put them on it. Just back to that. That's fine. We'll be either way I don't care. I couldn't give her crap less. WDQA and hello. And you know how you doing? Pretty good? A year most intellectuals of the not intellectuals, too. The influential person of the 20th century. I would think you'd have to put men in on the list. Not John Metton. John Metton. John Metton. Yeah, you're not. Because I mean for about 70 years, you know, like it was the battle between communism and the West and I mean he was the founder of the Soviet Union. He was like their George Washington. And he was a father of his country. Pretty much. Yeah. And on that quote that George was talking about from Bush. Yeah. I think Bush in his own way was trying to like paraphrase the famous quip that I was made by. I don't know if you ever heard of the economy. A kind of his John Metton. Yeah. He was asked one time. About some result that would happen in the long run. And he was exacerbated about being asked what would happen in the long run. I mean in the long run we're all dead. Yeah. And I think that was sort of what Bush in his own people way was trying to get out. Well, I've never realized he had that capacity and really impressed. I'm saying people. Yeah. Maybe somebody read it to him. Probably you ordered once from a fairy tale or something. Thanks a lot, pal. Okay. Have a great day. I'm here, Lenin. You got it? Not to be confused with John Metton. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. WDQA and hello. Yeah. Meal. Yes sir. Yeah. I believe you didn't see that Bob would interview us. Didn't see it. Much watched. If you replaced the AFF with AFF, instead of somebody would say that. No, can't do that. No, to close. I had one that came up with what I was shaving this morning. All the sentences put my feeble mind. I'll all come back. I don't if we hit you, we would say, to the point somebody, A, D, I, you know what? You know, all the changes from now on. Right. That's not bad. Yeah. Just to do it. Pay me a favor. Okay. Thanks. Hey, he's a real chaining head. That present day. Never had one that was so good. It'll never come back. You know, honey. It's a regular moment. It's a regular moment. Blur it right up. We knew he said, well, we have a locker on the street. Now, so they're talking to myself about that. There it is. Come on. Well, not should I be a different from a lot of other people. There are a few people around that do talk to themselves. Any big city, you know, you go out on the hall. It's a very, very, very big city. Yeah. Yeah. I've been done. We're going to see a conversation. WQN. Hello. QAM. QAM. The type of seven. QAM. QAM. QAM. QAM. QAM. Speaking. A new. Yes, sir. I got a new pre-pul. Okay. Winston Churchill. Winston Churchill. Why don't you tell him not, man? He has to be a flat one every day. Give me guys out of my. I got a book for you. I got a book for your readers too. Feel it. Okay. Use a whole video. Bye. Take it. What is it? Uh-huh. You know, I meant as written by. He thought I was saying like that woman did. Bye. That was great. I'll take it. Why don't you just go down the book right now for the week? Can't talk to us. This has been spectacular. I do. Right now. Tell me, ask me. How come your name on your passport? Intersting is your. What? I'm miserable. I got you. I got you. I got him wrong. I did not read him wrong. He was trying to give me a little shot there. I didn't mind that. He was just a- but when he got to the thing about, oh, everybody gets along here too. Yeah. No, I'm forget about that. It was the line about, oh, there's no Cubans up there. Huh, that's why you're like it? He's called me a Cuban Hater. Okay, a Cuban Hater. I got news for him, man. I know my Cubans believe you, man. Just keep one of the ones that I like. Trust me what I'd say. Anyway, I was thinking of myself holy Moses. But that's another story. Funny, but by the way, Moses worked pretty good in it. Twenty-before-eleven at five, sixty, WQM as your company suffering from regulations and increased labor costs, but Oasis outsourcing help you when it comes to the people's idea of business. Here will administration, Fortune 500 company employee benefits, human resource services and risk management are just a few of the services Oasis outsourcing can cover to help your business be more profitable. Call Oasis outsourcing the day-free free evaluation, call 1-866 at Oasis. That's one, 86-62862747, with more than 60,000 employees worldwide. Oasis outsourcing understands that lots of facets of human resource management. Outshourcing is being recognized by firms large and small as a powerful management choice which lets you focus on your core business while leaving the operational details to Oasis outsourcing. So let Oasis outsourcing make your business more profitable for a free evaluation call at full free number, 1-866 at Oasis. That's one, 86-62862747 for Oasis outsourcing. We are supposed to be in a five-six month, Oasis outsourcing. Oasis outsourcing. Farshing in the basket. Hi, Richard Simmons here and since there's been weeks and weeks of publicity about my unfortunate misunderstanding in that airport, I decided to use my status as an exercise guru to launch a brand new home video for all of you fat bastards out there. It's been slanting to the Oasis! This is such a fantastic video, 3-4 hours, nothing but regular people running around and short short snacking, they're living heck out of a pass of eye. Here's a clip. Pardon me, sir, do you know what time it is? Yes, down to slacking face. What? Send a slap to a face. Yes, you can't ask you to make gentleman a bike in into a place to the beach. And slaps and slaps and slaps. Oh, great! How are you making some rounds? So if you're someone who's put on a few pounds over the spring, you want to get back your girls to figure why not order my latest over-priced business plan. Bitch, slaps and slaps and slaps and slaps and slaps. I would show you how to get back my rule ofish figure. 1045, but 560, you can't that word came back to me. Yeah? Yeah, and whole. And whole. Yeah. Right, you told. Right, there's such a word. Sure? There's certainly nothing offensive about antel, so instead of saying what we can't say to the saying that, he's a real antel. So take us some time, and hopefully by the end, time we get through with a whole vocabulary at that point, this is a brain quarrel, say hey guess what, audio, crazed commissioners, you overstepped your bounce cut the crap. Maybe. Unless antelence, Goliath's got some of the silver. It's all scaly. Because he's a real antelence. Yeah, that's why they call it antelence. We only got some votes, and I'd pull it. Maybe this pull, maybe I should have just taken the names of this list here. Yeah. But that's so fun, because if they can't pull the pulley, nothing to say. 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 40, 50, 50, 50, 50. I mean, let's let some of the obvious ones, how about like, pretty obvious, wasn't it? Right, right, how about Charles Darwin? There you go. Right, let's stick him on there all book. We'll see in the 20th century, I think so, Josh can Google it pretty quickly. Yeah, you better, yeah, sure you're wise. What about Thomas Edison? Right, right, how can you leave him out? How to cite out of mind? What about Albert Einstein? Sure. Uncle Albert. Well, let's get some of those on there. The obvious ones, because they'll be at maybe one or two more. 560, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 80, 80, and 10, Verizon, or a list line. W2A and hello. How about no hour-davis? No hour-davis in our van. That's good. Right? Oh, just a movie. Sure. Ha ha ha ha ha. Now watch him go ahead and put it on. Go ahead and put it on there. Why not lie? Although he didn't darken our door until 2002, unfortunately, but I'm sure before that he was very influential in New York and in Massachusetts and in Wisconsin, all of these places. Right? Everywhere. Sure, put him on there, just for kicks. W2A and hello. Pretty good sir. Bill Wilson. Bill Wilson. One of the co-founders of AA. Oh. Never heard of him. Well, in the world he was no woodrow Wilson, I'll tell you that. No, he wasn't, but if it was him for the 12th and so a lot of people wouldn't have been alive together. He was no Nancy Wilson. Okay, I'm in. He was no L Wilson. Have yourself a good day. We're just having some. And don't be an antel. Go on. Some so glad that came back to me because I thought, you know, that's, uh, what's not to like, right? Right? Everything's easy to come up with the word that we even say anymore. Forget about that makes any sense. He's an antel. If the R's got five. Hitler's got two. I don't think this is going to go all that big view. About a wood? I mean, it's, if it's good luck for time magazine. I guess it's not good luck for our discriminating audience. Or if they're just the way they are. Line nine always adds something really big to the show. QA and hello. Yeah. I like to put, uh, Bill Gates. Bill Gates of course and his brother V. Yeah. Yeah. Be good. So, OK. Thank you. Bill Gates, one of Georgia's least favored people. But you can't leave him off for their. But what's the name of the guy who invented the Internet? I don't mean Al Gore, seriously. Seriously, there were two sciences that want to communicate. Right? It worked out how to do it, but they needed somebody in some government somewhere like America to make it legislation. I did that for a history lesson. I just asked for an How or did that so it was three guys now. I'll go or didn't invent the internet Okay, he was in an abore. He got the guys together But if you want to if you want to put Algor on there and if we can put more Howard David on there We can certainly put Algor he wrote the legislation that created the internet right Algor yeah, that's that's how a that's like an allegory But he did with a whiskey idea right. He's not really no the name because I was just reading About this guy the day one of those the news magazine In fact, you know something maybe it's on that time list maybe Let me see leaders revolutionary artists entertainers guess who the artist entertainer. Oh Wow Guess who was number well number one is easy entertainers Elvis right number two you wouldn't guess it it's almost as bad as Celia Cruz it's a singer Yes entertainer of the 20th century right I mean, I see how they the most influential What's the quiet most influential entertainer of the 20th century? Praise to not you no no wrong Ethic background or one of your people. I get it a French. I don't know what he is Charles as Navor Who most people have even heard a Charles as Navor and I'm one of them You never heard of them. I need a heard of them. Oh My god. I heard the name but I think he's like a French like a cruder ballad. I don't know Never heard of them See this category as artists entertainers being singers a Charlie Chaplin was third And Lenin not Vladimir John right Ralph Harris who see this was taken all over the world. I say worldwide You understand okay, which is why some of the frogs I guess got on there Was it we're waiting in the movie So tell the movie I go there. I go there. I'm cool after us because you a brainwash me about that movie. It's great Safa boot a bigger part of essay F a B. T. I don't think we can say that. Safa can't say that. She's a real boot T. She it I don't know what it would improve I remember eight boroughs used to be on TV. I know book a Brian members him on plots my line George Lucas The Beatles and Disney of this our pulls gonna be better. There is don't feel bad about our pull whatever it is It's gonna be better. There already Sciences and thinkers and we go fair may Victor Hombard zoom in Oh, yeah Edward tell her we better put him on there right away. Okay, when you go to the bank who you better hope that your tell our alien Edward Yasser and Nuri Asturk Okay, Van of our bush. Oh another bush Albert Einstein John Kennedy is on here. Let's put him on there I don't I don't know how he could be the most influential because he was only president for like three out even three years Was he right six now two and a half a minute Take a bar Guess who else is on this list? I give up you're gonna be really some of your people are gonna be not too happy about this Discuss it over that shade business number four Leaders in revolutionaries Winston Churchill Mustafa Kavall Editerc Franklin Roosevelt and number four is Come on, okay, but you can do it just think of Miguel and immediately say Final casters number four, but going you dropping out with a bullet 567. Oh, I heard a rumor that he's dead. Oh, that's right. We heard a rumor on this L soul and some thought a hook on those guys pull crap like that We you know, I read a thing that at least I didn't just make up the Katherine here listening And there's about 85 different about 35 different things on you're now on the internet on the Neo Rogers. Well get your facts straight Neo Rogers Katherine Harris didn't die You know like was a big deal right look at we're gonna make a big sentence about that WQM hello What do you say you're more on more on more on no question about that Thank you back answers WQM hello Yes, sir Martin Luther King Jr. Excellent choice and for a substitute for the a word Class cross Season as cross I'll get a little better. Okay, thanks. I'll be right. I'll be right. I'll be in an animal Right, so we've got to have hold it otherwise it's not part of his biting You could say you could say you could say actually whole But unfortunately you probably would slur it a little bit every dollar and then he's oh, you said We got you So I don't want to do that because the animal is and hold don't have like no eshes in it. You know I got a wood stove Yeah, and in the bottom of it so that the ashes can fall through into the post at the ash holding yourself I see I truly like a little pause in there in between the syllables Ash whole breath whole there you go now we're starting at a few votes on there the most important first of the 20th century was FDR 10 Hitler 9 Edison 8 wine Stunt your treat Albert Einstein 7 Bill Gates five Charles Darwin one None yet for Vladimir Lynn or John Lund or JFK or how are David? I don't have any see you won't put that on there You think we're joking about that he did I really thought we were Put it on now put it on you better you would if your brain must be the size of a Yeah, I thought you were Josh and yeah, no Josh and they want a more Howard David hill gets in boats But turn man you's probably at home right now cranking that thing up Simon Freud Vicki says Simon Freud you got it we got it The right brothers and here it says at the bottom of his facts is carry or Canada It's nothing for very good choice good choice Say come at about those least an overtime last I've at least a prince of a dramatic High-maked game seven of our night at the air came as a center as the falling leaves are on the precipice of a saying bye-bye for another season But we'll see you happen tomorrow the white brothers, but of course frank in the Schmendrick Right right from or will Dural right he drives it to hazel park and Northfield downs and once in a while wins a raceway 567 over 560 on the AT&T and rise of our last line WQM hello good morning about record WQM hello not if you'd rather know you're sure good morning I like to get your opinions something totally different This couple of units is checking because he's a Not even he's a and he'll Remember the word yes, sir. Yes, no, yes, okay. How you doing today? I'm still doing pretty good good This I like to give you opinion something that is gonna be definitely going on in November and what is that? We know is gonna be probably a very close election, right? Now this is a well that's what the most would most everybody's saying but suppose that is gonna be a close election And One or two states can actually decide the election which is only Florida and Ohio Now the two of them are voting with a dial-on machine switch and I don't need no paper trail What do you think that if you close the push of mission is gonna do? I think I'll steal the election again of course Bob well, would they not do it again? Why do you think that we're not doing anything about it right now? Well, we can't we still can do something about it Well, there are people trying to do something about it, but good luck to them. It's all he's saying you got my vote. Make sure the part of it Okay, thanks. Bye Hey, they're trying I mean like our good buddy there. What's his name? What's his name? Our good democratic representative up there in Palm Beach County Which I can't think of his name Bob Bob and Ray I would work I don't know I have like a brain fart on everything days. It's just one of them things man Just one of them things and you know, it's all your fault too because when you turn to that line about we're all gonna be dead Oh, we lost and it was my bad. I misinterpreted you're granted, but it just seemed that you were so Overwrot by it. I just gonna make one of those work by it Right, it was that volume because we're gonna be dead because he doesn't care how history's gonna judge it based because he's not gonna be Something if you were him when you want to think about how history's gonna judge you or not, but I'll be there So stop it think about that man. He's supposed to care stop and think about that and stop in such a hard ass Stop in such a cool and he'll hear a whole milk 1057 at five 60 W Q M you've heard about the big demand in the high pay potential for computer professionals If you ever wondered that this career is for you well, here's your chance Fast train is hosting your free one hour seminar computers and networking this Wednesday evening and both the mining for Lauderedale campuses that's right learned basic PC troubleshooting and never he absolutely free Seating for this free computer seminars on it. So pick up the phone a call fast train tool free. It's one eight six six fast train that's one eight six six fast train All attendees to the free center or receive a diagnostic tool and no charge So call fast train right now if that tool free number one eight six fast train reserve your seat and Part of that a new I beg important work fully No, not Mark Foley you crazy sorry long guard as holy is that Palm Beach not Mark Foley first of all is your public and he's also late and if you decide that a new high bank career Isn't your future fast break and have you turned ready for your new job and just four short months Check out fast train if fast train.com and then make that call reserve your spot for this Wednesday's free seminar is called 1 866 fast train way Beyond the phenomenal Republic baby only in Miami coming up tonight. I'm inside the behind the two Honeywood celebrity music fire the people fast story. He was the king of Latino pop That since he played George W. Bush's inauguration ceremonies his name has dwindled go incidents You'll be the judge of Ricky Martin Well, let's look at the guys career with he Martin's manager slimy gold Check it out. He's a gift to child he's in the famous humble Manuto by the time he's 12 He's the star of the hot Spanish language soap opera Alcans are una esfera He goes solo and sells billions of records worldwide then he dances next to George W. Bush He fits big sign you go to math. We asked George W. Bush to comment about his winters in effect on Ricky Martin's career I have no comment except to say that Ricky was the best looking guy ever stood next to And then include stick Jamie as it turns out the phenomenon of presidential inauguration Zermon is killing a musician's career is a long-standing tradition in America History expert Leon never bought at Warren heartings inauguration he booked a very popular group of his day called Denise slapping twits Well, they went right into the crap or after that cleanse suck the lead singer never recovered And of course we all remember when Henry played Nixon's inauguration two years later He was dead, but next night a good time. You'll be shumolat purple eyes Man on Money isn't real baby But try going to swallowing the song Ricky Martin if he thought he'd never hear him and take Nixon mention in the same sense Then you don't know our screwed up show at all It's a big juicy shopping went look at show business tonight on inside the behind Love it all three at five sixty W.C.M. happy Monday to it. I mean the Marlins lost all three in Atlanta They got swept but a lot of people bring in our Marlins jerseys and camps back to the sources of what I'm hearing He just made no reason for despair There's still eight and four distilled first place, but today lost three in a row. Can I have my money back please got some tickets we'd like to sell? So Charles Asnivore wrinkled up old prune frog Okay, my shortcomings are my voice my height my gestures my lack of comfort education My practice my lack of personality so roughly 20-6 year old friends so you're in songwetter Charles Asnivore one night in 1950 drug and leave brooding over his stall career Five foot trees matter fact you should like him. He's a shrimp. I don't like people based on their outfits And then whenever it goes down about how he the man who we invented the French Shaw song or Shaw song the more by the art and got his hand closer The French Shaw song which I had no idea what that means Composed more than six hundred so more than a hundred million records is still a star and he's still alive And he's still no one I ever heard that they hit him with five shots And he's still alive How do you like that? Charles Asnivore trouble Can't stick his butt about paper. He's like a French you're some after it now you got it. Oh Oh, he's not quite as well connected Along Island railroad commuter train and anti-entraectrine collided near Penn Station is morning sending dozens of pastries in area hospitals of minor injuries The train from Rantonka about the Penn Station hit the end-track train shortly before 7 a.m. at the J.O. interlocking And a tunnel outside the East end of Penn Station Passage or subway head neck and back injuries by a tell you one thing good lot of anguish chasing lawyers gonna be Son and people are right there on the spot Many passengers were standing up in the train approach Penn Station preparing to be bark People scattered all over the place people complain about spray rest and mix hurting and extra eating They were going oh Like that they were empe washing you understand of course. Where's a lawyer? Let's see Jonah's sock while there you go. There's one the most important personal 20th century I think they make me in a little bit straight away, but talk to Jonah sock Says Stephen we all in the admin that not that we're gonna put Stephen's choice on there And I's getting pushy also once I said nothing about it I don't be sending me anymore these priests. They're just too many priests in two little time Eastern Orthodox vision gets 28 in J.O.s for casino groping. Oh, we've had a check that one out though Yeah before we get in all of our Bob Woodward stuff You see just because I didn't watch the show last night doesn't mean I don't have all of the important crap right here in front of me What do you think I'm some kind of an ant hole? Well for example Saudi envoy commas bullshit drop in oil prices ahead of the election yes Marine Dallas House of Broken Toys I got some and Woodward shares more secrets on CBS news website Which would make sense to 60 minutes is their show what they make sense guess where guess where? Where you'll be able to see Bob and I'll guarantee you be a lot better than 60 minutes because they just give you that little short piece, you know I'll give you a clue don't be trusted Come on yeah, yeah, yeah, tonight with Larry King he's gonna be asking and pedophorating questions on me for $1 So if you have a chance to see Bob Woodward, which I will I'll watch it. I'll tape it all Now in a little more integrated tale Traverse city Michigan and Eastern Orthodox Bishop who like in jail to with Detsons and they've not to be incarcerated for groping a woman's breast at a casino Was ordered to spend 28 died days behind bars Bishop to me to eat food curry 55 so you'll told a judge It would be like a death sentence to my career unless to my very life and pleading for community service instead But no chance in a 30 minute But statement he described as like and they had a crime in great detail including the postings and to many juicy air for breakfast He also apologized to the victim the grouper Yeah Well, so like a day broke to breast, maybe you thought it was like a Public breast You know some degree I bought him, maybe he was like off balance. Maybe was fall right maybe he was a little bit Sissy and Try and Wyoming or I bet you'd continue and to have said it about this In his home state no less a former priest will serve 15 months to seven years in jail for molesting a teenage boy in a case That also involves allegations of ritual beatings in torture his lawyer city. I say ritual beatings in torture great Anthage of live what kind of it is that called the blondes of blonde a wall Sounds off a Polish to me Anthony J. Blonowald 69 that is his age pleaded no contest to my mind. Just be cordless week to one kind of Taking in decent in modest or immoral liberties with a minor The priest and I've taken part in any rituals but told authorities the sex act was for spiritual reasons and not sexual ratification That's one of the greatest lines ever heard my life. Maybe that's why that kind of vagus women That's what that was all about he grabbed that breast risk virtual reasons To Blonowald was serving at a monastery in southeast Ohio when the church is surface two years ago He remained at Taikkari, Joe yesterday. I'm clear whether he'd be transferred away state questions facility I don't know that I'll actually go into prison system. They said it does a safety concern kind of like father A gig it remember him. Oh, yeah, let's see him no more good The victim now it is like 30s made allegations that jablin has always named his change in jiblin jablinowski Maybe it's just a bad copy of your reading Could be that jablinowski touched his genitals at least once in early 1960s It's in Anthony Catholic church in Grunzi the man was 17 at the time A third we said they've either learned that jablinowski regularly took the man in the church basement asking them the strip before they were gagged blindfolded and hung upside down for the office is great He regularly took man to the church basement and asked them to strip me for they were gagged blindfolded and hung upside down from the ceiling Larry said his time couldn't talk about the ritual setting oath of confidentiality concerning prayer and confession Or I was a good excuse sure Jablinowski was priest and Wyoming for about 10 years We're certainly praying for anyone who was a victim of father jablinowski We certainly are praying for him said they must see New Jibal Chalov in Avini some respawn Let's see on title. Can you put alien Gonzalez on your post period of families of simmer 2000s has my complaint agent sure We could pull a lot more how we David on there why not alien Gonzalez right even though he was pretty important Yes, under baby Jesus Well, I'll be damn Chinese closed to flood stores his quotas lands Aren't you excited No, how are Lee is pumping five million dollars into a factory in China that produces a variety of designer label clothing sold in US department stores The investment should allow factory output now by two to two million garments in lead a triple by next year a lot of cheap tank clothing The quote of free competition. I can't wait for them to start making clothing out of this in a civic chance Alrighty the quote of free competition will be huge prices will be down 10 to 15 percent of more of the consumer look at the lowest price on merchandise And some more that cheap tint stuff comes flooding into America. Yeah, you know Now, well, let's think a couple more for the because I got some stuff here some bedtime stories Love them Not that I want to do that you understand of course because I don't want to give me care all bed of a shape. He probably hovering a wireless in some way to back 5 670 5 60 Pron 5 60 On a 18 and 10 horizon wireless line the most important person in the world in the 20th century was Thomas Edison 26 Albert Einstein 25 FDR 22 it offered literally 20 line-strand Churchill 14 Bill V Gates is got 12 Martin Luther King six. Well Howard David at six easy. Oh, well I'm all I'm all Charles Darwin 5 JFK three seven Freud one no votes yet for linen or alien gazelles formal alienito just run on there On 141 alienito in fact I mean, they probably had the happy meal that that catalog guy would have been eaten today for lunch That's what I'm thinking But the catalog guy to see e oh McDonald's he croaked he was only 60 years old too many big max Too much in that great in fact. I'm thinking of myself That probably the one company in the world is more responsible other than beer Thanks to mystery for more people that I and at least in our lifetime is got to be McDonald's when you say sure Maybe he got to be somebody on close second. Yeah the big mac and tap they put in the vocabulary WQA and hello You know good morning, are you pretty good great We've already been my nominee. I just wanted to say that the The question who who who who you think you're trying to remember about the internet is the Tim burners Lee He Tim what Tim burners hyphen Lee burners Lee yeah He's the guy who who working in the country I get for exactly okay, but he's the guy who was working at the university Villanoi and and maybe we created the the hyperlinking the breakthrough That you know that made the world of life on the same thing. Okay. We've got a fact in front of you. You're overport Hey there again, okay. My nomination is John the Rockefeller because of his influence in the oil business I he really you know The monopoly that he said I put the standard oil I think really set the stage for a lot of the key of politics in the 20 century In fact, I think I see him on a street corner handed out diamonds right now Thanks, Tyler. Bye. Have a great day. Okay Tim burners Lee we've put him on air burners dash LE Got it. Kathy these can and the John B. Rockefeller See we'll get this thing off. We've got an opportunity at even our whole humble way on this marginal show. We'll still get a better list in time magazine which is worldwide Charles as the verma A Yes, you know Just another no talent frog and part of me for the kind like Denise Poppin You What is the marlins have to get a win the world series this year? What happened he is you want to be They are the swing of that The bow It's so nice remember to game a baseball this is the best in hitting 50% field in 50% pitching and 20, obviously it managing but pro that's 175% Why don't you be questioning me? Would you be? And then he watch And then I said you'll be Oh, no, I'm not paying for it. I'm pretty full pension No pay for it in a jar of wealth because you give me a half-boss on it Did you? Well actually I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm the girl I'm 18 at five six year I just got a great inspiration I'm so excited I could like pee in my pants can we still say that? No, I could like In my pants You want to know what it is it's about tomorrow's pool. Yeah, I'm gonna separate it but only two categories because obviously We're not gonna put entertainers on this list today. You have to be some kind of a more on All-alarm or how audited we put on there is not any other category, but is he entertaining? No So he qualifies for today because he's not a entertainer See what I'm saying? I get it right But tomorrow will ask the most important entertainer of the 20th century was okay Because I think they'll have more fun without because this has got to be a little bit more cerebral If you pardon my I don't want cerebral right Speaking of cerebral let's talk about our president. We all know is a more on Last week's rare. This is a Matt Vivensen the nation his daily outrage At last week's rare press conference George W. Bush argued that a bonus of his Iraqi invasion was that it frightened Libby And the giving up weapons of mass destruction Take Libby a for example Libby was a nation that had we do this attirous a nation that sponsored terror a nation that was dangerous because of weapons He said and curl could often made the decision and rightly so to dispose and discern for the good of the world By the way, but you found I think 50 tons of mustard gas I believe it was in a turkey farm only because he was willing to disclose Where the mustard gas was but that made the world safer Later asked him is upon the state she'd made a lesson. He'd learned from them the president was famously stump He couldn't take of a single mistake. He joke for only that he was she'd have that question in writing before hand So I could plan for it and then he meended in those Shomerical Iraqi weapons of mass destruction See I happen to believe that will find out the truth on weapons he said I look forward to hearing the truth exactly where they are They could still be there they could be hidden like the 50 tons of mustard gas in a turkey farm So Sodom's weapon they're like the 50 tons of mustard gas on Libby and turkey farm makes sense since they weren't 50 tons of mustard gas on Libby and turkey farm Alcine and who writes in the loop column for the Washington Post reports the president thought a way to make not one Not two but three factual errors in a single 15 word sentence which must be something of a world rare indoor record Canis said a to word or story that notes that 26 tons of mustard gas not 50 run failed by Libby at various locations None of which was a turkey farm a turkey farm as a storage site for Unfilled chemical munitions other than that came and writes the sentence was spot on President Bush says I look forward to hearing the truth exactly where they are but he should be careful what he wishes for Three out mistakes in a 15 word sense not bad at nothing for him because he's a moron right Saudi envoy promised Bush would drop in a price ahead of the election Sub aggot to go on by the book today I mean I do only want to mean obviously these are making to the top of the best solace all these books to the Clark book The Paul and you look Bob Edward work, but how many what percentage of people? I mean how many people in this whole audience are going to read any book That's not for sentence. That's total people right Saudi Arabia's ambassador to the US is promised president George W. Bush the Saudis will reduce all prices before this November's election To help the US economy according to Bob Woodward oil prices are high they could down go down very quickly woodward said on 60 minutes last night That's the Saudi pledge you said certainly over the summer was really close to the election They could increase production several million barrels a day in the price would drop significantly In his book title type of attack would also says that the ambassador Prince Bander of been Sultan that's Prince Bander Bush to you was given advance information about plans to invade Iraq by vice president Dick Cheney and defense secretary Donald Romsell The Saudis chimed their output by million barrels a day in the first quarter coined a Bloomberg data Kudos risen 15 percent and the record gasoline prices may blunt the economic benefits of President Bush's tax cuts and Become an issue in a presidential election Bandar alerted the attacks on jet and the attack plans on January 11, 2003 two days before US secretary estate colon Paul was total visiting according to Woodward In a meeting on January 11 with Cheney Rumsfeld in general Richard Myers chairman of the Joint Jesus staff Bandar was shown a map laying out specific plans for attacking Iraq with words in a book the map was marked top secret No four in meeting the classified material wasn't to be shown in on US officials according to Woodward Attimating Bandar as for assurances that erected hitter Saddam Hussein Wouldn't survive the wars you did the 91 Persian Gulf war led by Bush's father Taney responded Prince Bander once we started Saddam is toast Bandar city would take the message to the Saudi leadership if he got the same information he just received directly from Bush A January 13 Bandar was called the me with Bush who said their message is my message said Woodward Paul was told to Bush's decision the same day two days later Old pack I marked 31st agreed to reduce its production quarters to keep prices from dropping before the March 31st meeting in Vienna And which old pack announced it was cutting its quotas sonny rabius or minister Ali al-Niamy said that the kingdom was already implementing its year of production cuts for April But just before the election like maybe you know that Tell false surprise Maybe those prices will start plumbing Although now that they're out now that it's out of the bag wife and bother right right winning the squeeze when it could rape the public for even more say they were wrong the prices didn't drop it all There you go All right, see here some what is this cockney song slangs for unusable words? I see what was that cute That's really And our friend Mike obviously was doing some heavy duty crap over the weekend the most important person to century Dan Marina will do one on sports don't put him on air now Josh, I know you get carried away And he also says can you please play buffalo bill is this guy? I mean let's give a buffalo bill. Yeah good question. Yeah, we'll get to look at the buffalo bill. Just calm down Mike Marine dowd writes how about it to too much reading here. Oh, it's like those old and nasty days those seven months that you liked and nobody else did But I got some heavy duty crap here. I'll get to it eventually. I'll get to Kevin space to get in mugged in London 5 670 5 60 pound 5 60 on a 18 and T line the most important person of the 20th century nine entertainers non sports Okay, okay I mean we don't really need to put that on here, but Thomas Edison 40 Albert Einstein 37 FDR 31 Did we put Edward and tell her on there? I don't see Edward tell her. Do you love can put it on there? Did we job get him on that? Hope Edward teller If you see Edward teller that mom's looking for FDR 31 it off at the 21 for bill 2018 Mohour David 16 moving up nicely and I scorn now Winston Churchill 16 Chuck Darwin 10 goes into a best call them Chuck Martin Luther King 7 in fact you may see a burning in Christians like the up chuck Alien Gonzalez 3 7 Freud 1 and none yet for Vladimir Lenin John the Rockefeller or Tim burners Lee never reason timberters Lee And you know voices could nobody use I wouldn't know who it was No, we can we need to put in parentheses invented the internet You don't want kids like you know can you do that Josh? No, no, but I can tell Eric you You can tell Eric too. Is that what I just heard you say? So decide You can we put in a request right respectfully request that you can respectfully correct Request that Eric Modifies us somewhat slightly and put in a better of the internet. I can do that so that somebody might know who the hell I just Yes, I'm serious. I mean we take it for granted because we're living in this era but foil Well, but how do I what would we do anything without the internet and those of you people out there too lazy? I mean if you can't afford a computer understand that okay go steal one I don't Don't want there's so cheap anymore the old one which there are some people I hate to break the news Did there some people out there can barely afford a radio there listen to us right now, okay? I know I missed her not shot with all the big bucks you're making right at my poorest I could afford a used computer well They don't want to use when they want a nice brain new compact for cereal With an I so fast green Sony monitor, but anyway But seriously the people are like just old funny daddy to the one who learns to use a computer those people make me gag Because it changes your life. I mean it's size How could we even do this show anymore without that you realize how important part of it says take it over the show? Thank the Lord Anyway 27 after 11 at 5 60 If you have a spring of the same is right now and stay like never before we're talking a Lord a cash on a great new car truck from Armstrong Toyota of homestead They're on US one just 20 minutes after the 836 Armstrong Toyota homestead is worth a drive because they're gonna save us so much cash We're literally talking thousands of dollars in savings Check out the great leases waiting for you right now and all four camera or four one is just 269 a month or 48 months How about an old for a hundred just 309 a month? Need a truck how about an old for Toyota 10 with the safest truck in America just a hundred seven nine a month or 48 months And these are just some of great savings waiting right now at Armstrong Toyota of homestead General manager David Rich and the staff will be just about anything to make sure you get a deal and get you to a new Toyota today So experience the Armstrong Toyota of homestead difference They're locally owned and operated and they're committed to 100% customer satisfaction They'll do just about anything of the sun to make you a happy camper Your service department is open late till eight weeks. That's to make sure your service work is done And it's easy to find them because they're right at the corner of US one in tonight third in first these is homestead It's about him in itself of the 36 and wait to near this Armstrong Toyota homestead offers you a free tires batteries and replacement parts for a life that is correct Tires batteries and free parts for like nobody nowhere does that so don't waste your time because make a deal It's a car giant to give you the big solid advance give you the big tout and then let you down called David Rich's GM at Armstrong Toyota of homestead calm today and they could be a lot less of which you never seen before call 305 242 3247 305 242 3247 Ravolittle and save a ton and that great new Toyota today at Armstrong Toyota of homestead Erica loves to watch boobs and button biking Jenni Let us move on Every week You seen And can I hold cause he's so flat for a jar of steven, darling? Don't do that, bring up, that comes out his throat, and then they roll by the hell in, he's still there, I'm a crewman, every song seems an hour long, every tune is wrong, he's so bad, it's a nightmare. Ooh, I'm real too, he's so pal, he can't see why he's transparent, and I've got John Steven, ooh, I'm real too, where he can't see me, can't dance, there's no freak anyway, he should've been, but how about I hold for a little bit, John Steven, that way, can't see, we've got that carrot, not me, still singing, I'm pretty sure, but we're all getting good taking it, just cause my full bleeding is not still ready, he's really, really strong, I'm just doing it. I want to say I told you so, but you know, that candle up guy who died this morning was C.E. Oh, big Donald's, yeah. Maybe they're real quick off top seeing guess what they found inside of his heart, a big man, a grease, from, french fries, not from those juicy burgers, man, fries, french fries, okay, yeah, just answer the dust, they're dying over there, by the, under, I'll bet I'll bet you Josh's life on it right now, if you keep eating french fries, you're gonna die. Okay, I'll stop now. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T of rise of our list line, and I got the pull for Wednesday too, the most important athlete of this one in the century was, isn't it a squeeze? What taste this gonna be? That one? Wednesday, okay. Why? Don't know, don't know, you. Oh, y'all, I see, you're gonna be calling in sick, shame on you, Mr. Odie of piece of cake, you can bring in a good book, get the above of it, we're booking, we need a while I show us on here, and then Josh and I can like refer to it to your choices, I'll bring a pillow. There you go. The most important person in the 20th century is Thomas Edison, 49, didn't he invent the radio? Oh, I mean, how about Guadiermo Marcourt? That was the 19th century, right? I'm not sure. Marcourt, right? Oh, sure, are you kidding me? I'm not going to look at what I'm looking at. Look at Marcourt. You know, we asked Josh to look at Marcourt, you look at Macaroni. You look at Marcourt? You come back with a Robert Cranth. That was just like a sentence. Thomas Edison, 49, Einstein, 47, FDR 34, eight all-fitler 26, Mohara David is right now near Hitler, I see her, a corollary there. That's a movie. 22, Bill Gates, 21, Einstein, Church of Leigh, teen, Charles Darwin, 12, Martin Luther King, 9, JFK6, Alien Gonzalez for little alienito, had five. Uh, Tim, what is it? Virgely, I can even read that damn thing. Invaderity of the three, Vladimir Lenin's got one, Simon Freud's got one, Edward Turner's got one, and John B. Rockervillard don't have any. Out of 255 votes. Ben Franklin is on your list, Cindy Hayes Cindy, I hate to break the news here. I don't think Ben, I mean, some of them, Bill's may have been around. We'll see you on $100 Bill. Oh, I'm asking you. So he's not Hamiltonist on the $100 Bill. No, Hamilton's on the $20 Bill. Wait. Uh, David, and then's on the $100 Bill, you're right. See, I think it may have had a few more of those. I don't want to sound like Mr. Beesha. Alexander Hamilton's on the $20 Bill. Abe Lenk Cohen, our first Jewish president on the $5 Bill, George Washington's on the $1 Bill. Who's on the $50 Bill? Uh, well, why should I have had a few of those? I never paid no attention. You ask for it. No, Alexander Hamilton's on the $20. I don't know. How about Raymond Burr? For Aaron Burr? Didn't Raymond Burr show you Alexander Hamilton? Yes. House of Broken Toys writes Marie and Dowd. When, well, this is so good. When Colin Powell decided that Dick Cheney's crazy fever was recalled, the Vice President's obsession with Lincoln, I'm living in Sodom, was leading the country into a war and didn't need to do it's fight. He should have beared his heart to the President made his case using the Powell doctrine with overwhelming force. Mr. Burr probably wouldn't have listened. He was in Mr. Cheney's gloomy sway and Rommie's Velocos sway and W. Felt competitive with his more popular top diplomat. But Mr. Powell should have tried. And if the President didn't listen, the Secretary should have quit. Not let him subdued by the Vice President and his Gestapo office of Pentagon, Neocons, his Mr. Powell referred to them to put a diplomatic figurefully found a predetermined war plan and to present bogus intelligence to the UN. He knew his word held enormous weight around the world and he knew he was the only one out of all the officials in on the Klandist and Rosh to war who had fought in a war. He should have spoken up for all those soldiers who would fight and die and be named for Dick Cheney's nutty utopian dream of bombing the world in the freedom and W is being so forceful with Sodom, the Slimeback who survived this fondness war that he was forever banished his family's Baton law of the Wimfactor. It would have been much more honorable than playing Achilles, something in his foggy bottom tent, privately pouting to Bob Woodward, that he had warned the President about the pottery barn effect break your reckoning, you know what you're going to be owning this place and telling that his colleagues were engaged in lunacy. At times with his closest friends, Powell was semi-desponted, his Palmas to Woodward rights in time of attack, his President and his country were headed for a war that he thought might just be avoided, so he himself would not walk away. You're supposed to play just walk away. Just walk away. Thank you. Mr Woodward, who is thoroughly channeling Mr. Palas, he is done a- uh, uh, present Mr. Palas out of the story in past books, re-creases in a most thoughts. He saw in Cheney as sad transformation. The cool operator from the first Gulf war just would not let go. Cheney now had an unhealthy fixation. He only every conversation your reference came back to Al Qaeda and tried to nail a connection with a ramp. He would often have an obscure piece of intelligence. Pal thought that Cheney took intelligence and converted uncertainty and ambiguity and effect. It was about the worst shards that Pal could make about the vice-president, but there it was. Everyone in Washington has been puzzling over how Mr. Cheney a reasonable cautious popular man in the first Bush administration turned into Pluto king of the underworld and proponents of worst case scenarios in preemption. But Mr. Pal shared his dread, his sand were like what Mr. Woodward. He was more pal-dogged and realized that the human sources were few and far between under Rax WMD, and was not a pretty picture. George Tenick comes across in the book as another profile in Cravenous. And he's simmered for only 2,000 to the CAH, he went to the Oval Office, with an even the present case on WMD. Even Mr. Bush already deeply in mission war plans was taken aback at the positive of it. Nice prime, Mr. Bush said, I don't think this is quite. It's not something that Joe Pugdick would understand we're getting a lot of confidence from. The fact that he's been in the past 10 and he added, I've been told all this intelligence about having WMD, and this is the best we've got. When the president asked how confidently he was, Mr. Tenick from your Apple publisher, gave Mr. Bush the answer he wanted to hear. Don't worry it's a slime bunk. Just as the Democratic president ducked behind the parse line, I didn't have sexual relations with that woman, so the Republican president ducked behind the parse line. I have no war plans on my desk. The plans were invading the House of Broken Toys as the CAH referred to a rack. May not have been sitting on his desk, but he secretly started planning with Remy 4 in a rack in November 2001, and with Tommy Franks starting the next month. Let's stay with the president of the planning. The president couldn't turn back of course. That would make him like the low-to-duke Clinton, a lot of bull talk and not much action. Not like the man is Mr. Tenick called his warrior president. That's more in-douse-considuous years times. I saw him in your go-girl. So even though I didn't see the thing last night, the piece last night, it's just all over the place. And he'll be on Larry King tonight, not a clock. He's your time. You can watch it for me. I beg your pardon, you won't watch Larry King. No, I will not. Why is that just because he's a suspended piece of crap? Because of it. Just pretend he's out there. In fact, I got a way to do it for you. Take, take listen to me. Take a piece of heavy, a duty card number. His voice. Take it over to the left side of the, huh? If they could get like a beach chip that would screen everything about him out of there. What are you trying to say? I hate him. I know how to do a truck. I know how to do a truck. There you go. Just a squid, in such a hard ass. No, no, asshole. 560, 5050, 5060, on the AT&T line, 19 before another mad dog at two, the Hebrew hamburger is four, this afternoon. Hit that thing. That's why I want the most of the six-string video games. Yeah. They don't come any better than Neil Rocker. Well, good morning. This is former bus providence. And former President of Central Canada, out of Gorks, I'm here to cross the rumors on Apple Live. I used to play the lamb who was in control. I used to play the lamb who was armed a role. Now I just have heard my mom be a son. Look at that key to a damn war bomb. I'll take a change if you play your flesh. I'll take a change if you play here. Come on out. Clear Mr. Pocky where's he? Hey. Back down and press late on you. Here's the race that's finalized and evolve it. Now don't give me wrong. Think of like you're all right. But how many times will your heart be denied? But don't be mad. With me, my child. That's all right. There you go. There's a real plague in my hand. He should have a bite to those who do. As Dan has to play on it. There's only two types of buttons from tech. You know, if Dan's better card run. He will show you all your scores. You play here special. I'll show you how she'll play here. You play here's bubble now. I'll show you Mr. Pocky where's the purple of who? That don't impress me much. I want to be heard by Dan. We show you here's where bigger the world is. You don't go in the wrong. You're a bunch of all right. But how many bears will your girl break in my eyes? You don't impress me much. Don't impress a real person. A real plan. And more about break. Look at my heart. I am the flower of perfection. I'm gonna must have a full-ashy thread. So we have a show. Have a chill. No. Beautiful. 13. How many fags in since for our pool today? Oh, some have been ladden. Well, sorry. It says because since 9.11. 11.20 centuries we used to know it changed dramatically. Is this the 20th century? But of reach. It says like in the 20th century we used to know it changed dramatically. It's the 20th century. Are you part of the words they're trying to say? Things aren't as they work. No kidding. Nothing is. No, they're not with the trunters. They're just, uh, guess they're dates wrong. They just don't get it. Last time our check 9 level was in 2001. I was in the 21st century. My correct. My absolute. 560, 560, 560, all the AT&T and Verizon marvelous line. Oh, yes, well John Kerry's in Lake Worth with. Julie, remain you seen him? No. Why? Why? That's a very good question. Well, I guess he figures as much of old the answers up there in Lake Worth. Oh, I guess. And I just hope he doesn't start making the trunters. He's like West Park. They're looking good for him. Man, oh man, from the dummy, then to obscurity in just a few short months. How many QAM? Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes. I just wanted to have point out that, uh, make the left on this side of the show. You had already talked about a trunters. Darwin is from the 19th century. That's when I asked you. Yeah, without a doubt, it was about the 1850s or something. The ship was the HMF vehicle. Bobby Damned. Okay, thanks, Charlie. You got it. Trunters Darwin is from the 18th from the 19th century. So who are we going to talk about this guy with a sum of what? It's probably, but we can check. Better get him off for the number. We'll see other one we were asking about what to do. Much like the Cemeteries. I met that. Introduction to Henry Grey. How many qué did you get? Years before he explained, I'm learning this. You got Mervky M stamped as much as tomato. What do you do all days before? What is that, Emeon? Glid-yel-Momarkoni, Glid-yel-Mee, whatever is named was. Correct. He is in the 20th century. How about that? For him, Arconi, Darwin, who I did since the 19th century. He was one, 19th century. That's what the guy just said. You had to look it up. Douding it one of our ery-dite listeners as a... What do you know with you, man? Yeah, I'm doubting. Douding the word of one, our r... We're really articulate and told you listeners. Who's probably having the word with bookred to him right now. W-W-A-M-Hello. Sh-O-B-A-B-A-W-M-Hello. W-W-A-M-Hello. Yeah, hi. Yes, sir. Can you add the sort of show of air to the pole? Who is who? I would just tell you what the air came to. James Oldes. Yeah, Oldes. Yeah, Oldes. This must be the guy that was fixing our elevator on Friday. Yeah, you're not full of me. James Oldes, the inventor of the elevator. The most important person of the 20th century is the guy that led the elevator. Sure, it's not the one in our building. Yeah, we hate that guy here. You know what the guy was there when I was leaving on Friday? You didn't see the guy, huh? No, of course not. The elevator is the right. And he was arguing with somebody. I forget who else was on the elevator. It was bitterly complaining about what a piece of crap it was. Oh, this is a lot better than what the ones I see. This is just a fine elevator. It's fine. Yeah, oh, we kept saying. Oh, we're fine. Yeah. I thought that myself you ought to be fine by the FCC just for being such an ant hole. I want to list of those places where the elevators are worse to know the idea out of there. Now, what does this say? Corporate time-steering weasel. Now, what does this all about? Quick-to-use and mad dogs lines. The interview is some of my residents of East San Luis, my number of topics is really politics and in PR Friday afternoon. When asked about the presence he won, guys said, we got to get bush out and go for the devil over bush. So there you go. Who would you vote for the devil or W? Well, what does this mean? You have any idea what this means? No. Wow. But it killed me. It's time to list it. No. And you've asked to me, which makes it even more for a plus you know me. Five, six, seven, hopefully. Oh, you look at how I could figure it out, huh? Being the genius that I am. How come the pull is down? Huh? What's this happening there? Why are we changing the pull? Took Darwin off of there. Oh, is that why you had to take the pull? No, Darwin still on mine. Is it refreshing? And it is my own? I still see Charles Darwin on mine. Maybe just moment. There you go. Edison 62 Albert Einstein 56. I loved it when he had his tongue stuck out of the world. It was cute. FDR 39, Hitler 29. Mohour David in 26. I'm not even going to get it. Why did Mohour David give it to you? Give it to me. Because he gave me something that none of the others did. Oh, the crappy Bill Gates 23. Winston Churchill 20. Tim Remer's Lee, the inventor of the worldwide web 12. Wouldn't it be easier if we just said the internet? I'm not making a part. And it's like there's a difference. There's a difference. Okay, excuse me. I mean, for me to question Eric on his terminology, there would be really way out of line on my part. Martin Luther King 11, JF-7, Elianito, Elin Gonzalez six, Edward Teller 2, 7-4-1, Vladimir Lenin 1, and John D. Recker from the non-Ouest Freud that I was asking about not Darwin. How long have we put Darwin on there? We're just just mucking around. Well, because we didn't have 20th century in the beginning when we started. Sure we did. We did. We came home. We came home. I thought I was a little bit confused today. I got the original somewhere around here. They must have really passed that stuff around over the weekend. Teller, if you went and heard that. I'm going to yell, God. Yes, sir. Question for you. Go ahead. Even though I'm not a Republican, Nixon changed the presidency forever. He may have said that we no longer viewed our presidents as being, you know, unclutchable and fantastic. He may have always turned out to be, you know, what he was. Oh, yeah. Exactly. His value is a president as far as the future of the presidency is fairly important. Okay. Well, we can put him on there for making field better. Yeah, it'll make me feel a little better. I got one question for prognostication for you. Yes. What's going to happen to Broward Par amutual is once the Indian soap and that monstrosomy? Well, what makes you think that they're going to let them run that thing. I keep hearing that they're going to open it up and they're going to be, they're taking on the state they're going to put in a full casino slots the whole deal. What makes you think that the state is, especially in that state, that they're going to let them do it? I honestly believe that if you look at the same property that they opened in Tampa, you have been playing at Real Smart. They've been opening just what the paramutual is. Yeah. Because they don't want to take on bush because if we all know bush wanting the state is a nappy. Right. And he's not going, you know, if you'll let it go as far as the L.T.s and the machines, while at the same time he's crippling the paramutual facilities have been paying taxes in 30. Well, maybe just maybe if they do open it and they want to challenge against the state, maybe little forces they send, let the paramutuals have the slot machines. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. We're a mouth to God's ears. No, yeah. I think the Santernais Center, what the hell they was it, Friday night, I signed a position in Pompano Park for the Islam. We got the same thing going on down at the facility that I currently work at at the state county. But it's very thing. It's a very scary thing. What's going on? It's obvious. Because one thing that we know for a fact is that the governor of the state has no idea how many video lottery terminals already exists in the state of Florida with all the else the Congress corn the dollars and one after the next. And the fact that he doesn't know it and that he's terrorizing other facilities, not that we want to take a portion of money from everybody, but people are going to gamble regardless of where it is. And if they want to gamble, let them gamble. Amen. Amen. Amen. I'm going to try to bother and let's go bless you. Okay. Name for today's pool, somebody says Margaret Sanger died in 1966 to Fondor Pan-Paranhood. All right. And that says nobody answers the phone, the phone rings forever. That's the video screen list on me, sure. They're a little bit confused. You got Margaret and Margaret Sanger? We didn't know. Good. Oh. What about God here? She was a goer, by the way. I beg your pardon. There's a reason she invented plain-parenthood. She was a goer and a mover and a shakers, what you trying to say? She was moving into shaking it. She was saying, oh, right. I was going to go over. And like, Jan Arena, all they see say can something else. Four minutes till noon at 5, 60, WQM. Have you been putting off that home improvement dream because you're afraid of a home improvement nightmare instead? Well, here's what it has, sweet dreams because design concept, though there's the answer you've been looking for. Design concept, though, this has been one of the top home remodels in South Florida since 1983 because of their 100% customer satisfaction with their no excuses policy. They refuse to have it on happy customer. They are for quality work at a fair price. Design concept builders are exclusive five-year labor warranty, too. Why take the risk of a nightmare when you do something to the house and do a dision kitchen bathroom? Windows any of the project called a Zon concept builders who guarantee that they're going to do it in do it right. Call 9-5-4-7-18-6766 or find them on that worldwide web at designconcentbuilders.com. Finance is available with no payments for six months with a fruit credit, too. It can also get you a 10% discount on all you were modeling through the end of the month of April with design concept builders. The like I said check them on the web if you like a design concept builders.com and make that call 9-5-4-7-18-6766. I beg you all call 6-6-5-7-6766666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666 evolushi6666666666 JH carefully translated聲 I can't be done. I can't be done. I can't be done. Get the notion in the basket. How much? 5000. Excellent. I like it my skin research is too. There's a surgery. Have the lens stop crying yet. Mommy. Excuse me? Don't hurt Mommy's little baby. It works for the lotion in the basket. I'd like to get the liposuction that I saw on TV. Can you make me look more like a woman? Well, I want to see you first. And then I'm lucky to know that we can tell you that only to you. Should I wear my skin suit made of body parts? Mommy? If you'd like to. This person is the lotion in the basket. What's your last make in the point now? Yes. Okay. There is a hundred dollar consultation today. That's fine. Okay. Okay. My name is Stopper O'Bell. Okay. Let me get the armination from you. Okay. You might normally use it. Let's the lotion in the basket. I understand. It works for the lotion in the basket. Do you want to come in for consultation? It works for the lotion in the basket. Okay. Do you like to make it a point now? You want to call me back? Yeah. Let's the lotion in the basket. I got my skin suit in the molecularization. Oh. It works for the lotion in the basket. I understand that. Would you like to make it a point now? It works for the lotion in the basket. Would you like to make it a point now? It works for the lotion in the basket. Okay. I will talk to you in the time. It works for the lotion in the basket. No? I'll go to a five sixty WDQIM. Maybe they'll come like down a little bit. Thank you. What word cheers? Worcesterson CBS News of a com. We've got it on our website. It's way way too long for me to read here on here because it would be really Ponderous. And it would be like back in the day. It's the highlights. I can't do that. It's because once you get into one part about how general Tommy Francis is a liar. Yeah. And about how you're 10 this whole crap. And about how Cheney and Koulin Paul aren't talking to each other at all. There's like a gigantic iceberg between the two of them. They had no relationship at all. No, no. But it's on a website. I'll put it on the side here. Okay. And maybe a little later on. But I doubt it. It's just too long. You can read it in its entirety on our website on eorgias.com. Or even watch your Bob Woodward on What's his name tonight. The one we don't want to mention. You're good friend. This is Spend it to Hunschback. But six years before the 9 level attacks the CIA ward in a classified report that his Lomitry streamers likely would strike on US soil and landmarks in Washington, or New York, or through the airline industry. According to what tells us officials, six years before. Though honnily pressure in the CIA is 1995 National Intelligence System, did not yet name Osama bin Laden as a terrorist threat. But within months, the intelligence agency developed enough concern about the wealthy Saudi board militant to create a specific unit to track him in his followers. In 1997 the CIA updated his intelligence system into ensure bin Laden appeared on its very first pages and emerging threat, cautioning that his growing movement might translate into attacks on US soil. The official said that the new details about the CIA is 1990's response to the terrorist threat. So I think it's really great that we're in business with the Saudi. But the portion of the Saudi connection continues being suspect that best and terrifying it worse. And quite great. Yeah, the Prince Bond, our new about the Iraq plans two days before Roland Cole and Paul. Here's this guy who's getting militant now. Why didn't you add his earlier calls to this? And Bill Wilson found about Carlos Anonymous. Okay, he's wrong with these people. I mean we'll put it on here. But I mean he's the most important person of the 20th century. What you know those dry drugs. You know, almost seriously. I mean even the guy when he called was like, if I wouldn't have been for the 12th or 12th, sex is for a much of emotional cripples. Okay. And then bread. No, seriously. Realizes Jesus, crap. And also the baloney. And make your powerlessness. Right. So, what's your help you continue through the rest of your life until you're dying day as an emotional cripple? Or you don't know. So, you lost these turtles ice cream on that's on the different. Yeah, you need 12 steps. You need one step or step away from your food. Just look, if you're in a step. Step away from the kitchen. Step away from those rice grounds. That's just one step at a time. I'm losing my weight one step at a time. Right. So, put Bill Wilson Anonymous. Okay, how about Jay Frank Wilson? It was the last kiss. Right. Bill Wilson, you got it. How about Bill Wilson? Sure. Oh, that's tomorrow's poll. Big entertainment. And that's where our big entertainment is. Can't get too much bigger than the hell of it. 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T and 290, the most important first of the 20th century were talking on non-athletes, 9 entertainment types except for my good friend mode. That's the movie. The movie. Thomas Edison 73, Albert Einstein 64, FDR 44, he wore a saddle to depression. He won none, as others would tell the boys in college. Nobody would imagine it, did anybody remember that? Oh the, remember Thomas Edison... If you don't know, he'll take the boy that's right as well. It looks like an old building. FDR44, it all fit in her head, but third man! And again, how can he only have 31 votes? I mean, it's just unbelievable to me. Mohar David has got to play on, he's right up there with Hitler, which most people in building would agree with that. Bill Gates 26, Winston Churchill 25, Tim Berners Lee is moving up rapidly, and better than worldwide, well, slowly 18. Martin Luther King 13, that's because we have all white folks listening. Alien Gonzalez 11, that's because they're from the Air Force Listen. What a handful, you know? See if we keep saying these often enough, it will become, it will just slip out as opposed to having a stop and think like, well, where do I say now? Right. If we like re-educate it, like re-a-go to school all over again. Where's my new vocabulary? And whole. What's the carry talking about? That is outrageous and unacceptable to the American defense. So we'll link the records. Dan, what are they saying at the White House? Well, here's what they're saying. Well, we don't give a crap what they're saying at the White House. We just want to hear more John Kerry. I hope that he, I don't know, he just, don't say it. Mohar David has got 30. Look at that Bill Gates 27 church. Did you know how many do these? Well, I got it in a rough advice scene. I thought it was more of the lifestyle. JAPA and we're telling her to let us go. One for us, God, one. John, do you record for her? He don't even have one. And he did a Dick Nixon or Bill Wilson. In better way, we even put in a better way of A.A. I think we probably should put a founder of A.A. Not in a better way. Well, even in an organization that you found it. I know that you heard all that Josh didn't do that because Josh don't have the ability to do that. Not that I want to blame Eric because Eric's been on a real wool here lately. Especially since I said some, that check. All right, that is it. But Josh had the ability. If I had the ability to do, I'd take you out here right now. Keep your goddamn teeth in. I see there's another one we can't play. You've done what I did too. We're all dumping it. I can't believe it. Everything I plan here, there's something in it. We got to believe it out. I'm going to believe it out. I'm going to let's bet it even. See, that's so dang bad. Oh, speaking of Alex Bennett. Yes. Thomas Edison was born in 1847. I don't care what he was born. How was I in 1931? I was born in 1931 which sounds like 84, but you can check that. Who was born in when? 87 1847. 53 and 1. 31. 84. Very good. So Thomas had made so 84, but those last few years, a little bit of a hearing problem. Little hardening of the arteries. Say baby, say you need an earnest angler. He's what he needed, but that nice sum up. WQM. Hello. How you doing, buddy? Pretty good, pal. Hey, you know, there's a guy named Vince Sterb, who was supposed to be the father of the internet. Yeah. I think he made it the worldwide. He was the one that was most of responsible for getting it out there. How do you spell this last time? Vince Sterb, E. E. R. F. Like good enough. Okay, thanks a lot, man. Vince, sir, if you got it. In fact, that's why they call it surfing the web, isn't it? Okay. Oh, come on now. You could serve the waves with the Jan and Dean, but of course, one of them is dead. Which one died January? Yeah, we didn't. Dead. Dang it. I was going to say, damn it, but I can't say that no more. It. Boy, I said, I hope that the beeslies and Viacom and everybody else has some success. In paddling off these loonitics at the FCC, these sense of interest. Nice job at the Harold by the way Glenn Garvin has done absolutely nothing. You know, since the early days when Stern got dropped by a key channel, since that is nothing. Except the sense of a couple of stupid taxes or messages. Oh, can I sit in on the show one day with a white of piece about this? Yeah. Right of piece about that. A white of piece on the civil war while you're at it. Recenting really timely Glenn. What I'll rag that is. In fact, I'd mention that the milletin Cuban there at the airport on Saturday that I encountered. I met E. Reeds the Harold. Or maybe somebody reads it to him. Come here QA and hello. Not there. QA and hello. Hey, Bally, how you doing? Okay. I got a suggestion for your poll. Here's the guy that's got it. I can already tell. Yes sir. I'm out on Mr. Ford. Gerald T. Ford. No, not scratch. Scroll. Henry Ford. Oh, Henry. I'm sorry. He was the president. He was the one in the boxer box. He was the one in the guy we got now. That's possible. Okay. Thank you. Henry Ford got it. Drill an anti-symite by the way. That's why George Wilson. Henry Ford. I own the Ford. I don't know. I'll just stop already. Wait, I just stop. Relax. Relax. Start to win me over on that whole money. I already did win me over that thing over there. And by the way, nice going. Ariel, she won't not. Lunatic. Mamie. And what do they all say over there now? Or it's a bush in the US. Behind this. That's right. And if that's the best control we got over Ariel, she won with a million's and millions and millions and millions that were pulling up into his fantas. And there's something really, really rotten in Denmark. And then Copenhagen either. Something really stinks bad. You just wait the next few days for it. This Hamas they're going to come strike and back is going to be all sorts of dead people, bloodshed and the grotesque crap. Yeah, and it's worth it there too. Now you think we're having a few problems along the way with the road back. I'll find here that term one more time man. Road man. Road. Yeah. How are they talking about? I think somebody peed on his moths over a paceoff. Ariel, she's wrong. And I was taking that out of everybody else. Lunatic. Maniac. He don't want no settlement with the Palestinians. He just wants more and more settlements. That's what he wants. 560, 505, 60, pound 560 on the 18. I'm going to say the same thing I said in Friday. I'll say it again. The idea that anybody should have to die because of the Israelis and the Palestinians. Let him kill each other like Michael Morrison. All right. What does that guy do with the price or anything? They got no oil. That's what we want. Who'd hell needs him? If they want to continue their 5,000 year old crack while it's let him go ahead. Am I right? Yeah. Absolutely. Absolutely. We've got our own problems over here. Right. Lunatics. Maniacs. Religious fanatics man. And of course the main part of it is that the village's fanatics aren't the main part of the population in among either group. And the main part of the population is say, hey, cut the crap away. We like to stay alive. No. Can't do it. 1213 at 5. 60 WQM. You've heard about the big demand in high pay potential for computer professionals. Have you wondered if this career is for you? Yeah. Well, here's your chance. Fast train is hosting a free one hour seminar in computers and networking. This wins the night at both the Mimeon for double day campuses. You can learn free basic PC troubleshooting and networking. Let me say it again. Absolutely free. Seating for this free computer seminar is limited. So pick up the phone call fast train today. 1 866 fast train. All attendees to the free seminar receive a diagnostic tool at no charge. So call out a reserve your spot. 866 fast train. And if you do decide that new high pay careers in your future, fast train can have you train or ready for that new job and just four count them four short months. In other words, by the end of summer. So check out the seminar Wednesday night by a common reserve in your seat. Check them on the web if you like it fast train.com. But be sure to make that call for the seminar at 1 866 fast train. And be sure to tell them that the useless Todd Brett 40 to call. You're coming to the office. You're going to be a little spicy. You, a, a, a, a. This, your car, you love it. You need it. And you want to protect it. But, huh. You can't control your life. You try to load your life. You even put your trust in the looping of my life system that came with your car. But where did it get you? Now the answer is here with the Palestinian power law. If the sound is to wake the dead and it sure is happily wake the neighbors. The Palestinian power law is worse because it's not a mechanical device. It's a genuine Palestinian and boy is he a large. The Palestinian power law is not only sounds a startling alarm. It also uses verbal message to ward off would be intruder. You ought to go call to the hikkow. It gets these persist. The Palestinian power law will make them pay the ultimate price. I want to make these kinds of these golden right by homeland. Time for your time. Whether you've marked on sunset, shit, or the Gaza Strip. Do you hate the Palestinian power law? From 18 to 5 60 WDQM, I've heard of one thing. You know we need just a couple of seconds of. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. Here's one of the says my latest per Henry Ford. If not for the mass production of the automobile, we wouldn't have the suburbs and the inner city wouldn't be as it is today. Plus you have your bet. There you go. Henry Ford, a virulent anti-Semite. I don't know why I keep mention that. I'm not a monster. We know that it ever says it. I don't know what you mean by that. You better read your history, Mr. You better read your anti-Semite history. No, thank you. You're going to talk to us, isn't it? What's his name? Robert Presbyterian. Dr. D. James Kennedy. You probably didn't like a whole lot of ethnic groups and I still don't care. You know what? The V stands for in D. James Kennedy, don't you? Does. Stand big it. Oh. Push and this would be blamed for rise in illegal. Here's another bit of reason to vote for our president. Not. The number of illegal aliens being air-prahended on these south-western border has jumped 25% to the first few months of this year. Compared with last year, and many are blaming President Bush's immigration proposal in January for enticing immigrants across the border. Nice going, W. Not. It doesn't take a rocket science. It's intended to present speech was the catalyst for lots of posts to make their way north and try to get it back. in this country in order to get what they actually believe to be an anesthesiologist representative, Tom Penqurito, Republican at Colorado and Chairman of the House of Regretary Reform Caucus, Republican at Colorado. The increase in apprehensions was driven by a spike within the two Arizona sectors UMA and Tucson, which increases a 60 and 51 percent respectively, and if apprehensions are increasing, so is the number of illegal aliens making across the border freely said mostly to inquit, and current form and former immigration law enforcement officials also say to be assumed for every one person caught three-mic at a cross safely, three out of full. So there you go. Great. Open up as arms and legs and say, come on in, you know. What a crocker cramp. 560, 560, Tom 560 on the ATT and Verizon. It's almost as good as that. Not quite. Oh, better. WQM, hello. Yes sir. Hey. What are you saying that it was bad about what happened in Israel with the Constitution Territory with the last leader? Well what do you say, man? I don't think we mentioned that. Yeah, you guys just talked about it. I just was talking about it yesterday. Yes, about the throne as a lunatic, yes. Not about it. That's one thing. What is that he's killing Territory? Is that bad? So let me say to you, again, okay, this is the same guy who calls every time with his Zionist friends, he cuts off all his sockets, my comment to you. He's killing Territory, is that bad? And along with everybody else, if they really want to sit down and have peace, this is not the way to go about doing it. Just getting everybody whipped up and we're friends. You know, they hit us so we hit him back. They hit us. It's a perpetuase like a dog chasing its tail. And the animals like you are people continue justifying it. It's a revolutionary idea. Everybody comply with the international law. No, no, everyone. No, everybody except their own. Oh. This is the same one. The same guy to call them that or what they do with it. This guy reminds me of the one I was telling about that was in my house last Thursday or Friday and I want to see what was. It's very depressing. Yeah, give me a song, the man says, you wish God about how he's for Bush because, you know, if we've got a song, a month or their, it's good for Israel. And if let me say it again, if you're in the United States, worry about what's good for the United States first. Now what's good for Israel? How what's good for Cuba? What's good for America, okay? All these people give me a song next because I'm sitting up here in Toronto, Canada, A. I'm going to start with a local. And one of the reasons I'm sitting in Toronto, Canada is because I'm sick and tired of the stupid stupid people like that. We wouldn't know where to find any of these places on a map with both hands. We're going to get rid of terrorists, start with your own. Yeah, there you go. That's right, good point. But don't confuse that guy with a fact because he's just another brainwashed lunatic. That's all. I think he had too much bad kiss you when he was a child. Great, nothing like kiss to them. I agree. Which is a nice gravy. Oh man. It'll tear your guts out though. Anyway, pali, I'll see you on the first boat. Okay, we'll see you on a slow boat to Tel Aviv. If you're so crazy about it, there. Good bye. Have a good time. Good luck. We'll pack you some, not a whole lot. Now we don't have to pack a lot. You have to be a man. No, seriously, you have to be a maniac to be there. And these people are sitting there, kids are out there to be called. And they're here and there. It's like sitting up your kids to be a human sacrifice. It's like inviting your kids to sign up for the US military right now. And the last couple of days over this last weekend, we're starting to hear that nasty five-letter word is rearing its ugly head and it begins with a D&N's and a C. Yeah. Drap. Start to hear that word, rearits head again. Then you'll see, course, they would do that to laugh the direction they would make an attempt at that. So boy, oh boy, then you'll see some people right now are busy or picking their nose. Get real a concern about what else going on. And how many? And over the weekend, I need to mention this at the beginning because I usually mention the casualties. And a lot more soldiers died over the weekend, US. So now we've topped the 700 mark. We sure went fast from 500 to 700, didn't we? Yeah. Over 100 just since the first of this month and they last time our tech has only been 19th. And I got a feeling I hope I'm wrong. Next month might be worse. Yeah. All the closer we get to June 30 because we're picking up steam. And of course, like I said, what's this guy was listening to and he hears what he wants to hear. The reaction to the killing of this Hamas come back. Yes. Yes. There you go. You know something. Listen to me. But this whole thing with the words, this company, not not the company. Did people inside the muck mice during clearance, because his useless is dead frog. They just carried it too far. They're the wrong. Grasso, we wrong. Right. So the idea that we can't say S bag is so ludicrous. It's unacceptable. Products on the shelves. We can't mention them. Right. I mean, anyway, what that was our saying? But when they called me, they did not think that they're taken in now is that this was Bush and the West. Whatever Shurban does, and of course they do have a point to what agree because the US and the ones who are keeping him in power, making it impossible for him to keep doing his crap. And building that wall and increasing these settlements. And they're going around killing people. And of course, the Minister of People always have to die in the process. So on a one-handed talks, pieces like the old, like I keep telling you, people are bitch about how fat I am, but keep pushing food in front of my face on the other hand. Pushing with one hand, pulling back with the other. Kind of like, Lolli Hennessy and the stretch of Pompano Park. Huh? Here is a fact that says from Deb, she says, how about Watson and Crick? They discovered DNA, double helix genetic code. They won't know about price for that. Watson and Crick. We'll see our crowd and QNL think we're talking about how most in the welfare. Sports. And then we'll think they'll think we're talking about being up a Crick, which we are. Watson and Crick. What time is this? Sure one. So let's put that on there. Got it? I'm up a Crick. It says from this one discovery that been countless advances in medicine and genetic discovery, keep up the word, spread the word, bush is a donkey hole. It says, here, well, that's not bad, they mean a donkey hole. That's right. I like animal better. Vintin G. Sirf is commonly referred to as the father of the internet. Thank you, Pally, whoever called before. How come we didn't know that? I don't know. I mean, we know about Benitzer and our lean Francis. And so he's sales. The Sirf detergent. What was our lean Francis? Is Martin OG? It'll come to your husband's name. He was also on Watts my line. Marvin Borman here. Anyway, during his tenure of Vintin Sirf, I wonder if this came to Bobby Vintin. From 76 to 2 with US department defenses, advanced research product in Zedarpa, he played a key role in the development of internet and internet related data packet and security technologies, including co-design in the TCP IP protocol. I see. And the CZB protocol. As vice president of the NCI digital information services 82.86, he led the engineering of MCI mail, the first commercial email service to be connected to the internet. In December 97, he was presented the US National Medal of Technology by President Clinton, along with his partner Robert Concent, he is referred to as the father of the internet Vincent Sirf, there he go. Let's put that in there in parentheses. If father of the internet, how you like that? For your father, for your father, get that on your ear, corrals. 27-pay or else, it's not. 27-pay is newly queuing. We got the man ball coming up in two. Oh, right. We got the Hebrew hammer from Schuillistake to the Mammothi. Didn't see Hank his life trip in the CZB. Lost the house in two? No. Oh. Speaking of that, what a segue. The likes of vice-bookers dedicated to providing you with the best products for losing weight for that phase of your low carb diet. If you're on the akin's, the sugarbusters is south-feature any low carb sugar free diet, this is a story you'll love to likes of vice-booker because it's the number one low carb store in the universe. How many of the new reduced carb products on the store shows are just geared to cutting back on carbs, not on losing weight. If you're fat like I, and you really want to lose that weight, you like to waste the focus of the place to grow. The rest of the heat is always been on the weight loss phase of low carb dieting. And you like to carry over a thousand delicious products for you with the focus toward that lowest carb possible that it can fit into a way to access the low carb weight loss plan. The spring sale at the likes is in full swing right now so stop on by. There's staff nose dieting inside and out and they're open every day, seven days a week from 10 to 10. The likes of vice-booker you'll find about the northeast corner of glazed in 441 next to Boston Market. You can call them for more info at 1-877-low-carb L-O-W-C-A-R-B that's W, or run away with low carb.com. The likes of vice-bookers you're official atkins retail sales. And I'm gonna go to the next one. And I'm gonna go to the next one. And I'm gonna go to the next one. And I'm gonna go to the next one. And I'm gonna go to the next one. And I'm gonna go to the next one. And I'm gonna go to the next one. And I'm gonna go home up there. And I'm gonna go to the next one. And I'm gonna go in Texas, and New York. And I'm gonna go to California. And New York. And I'm gonna go to South Dakota. And I'm gonna go to New York. And I'm gonna go to New York. And I'm gonna go to the next one. And I'm gonna go to the next one. And I'm gonna go to the next one. And I'm gonna go to California. And Texas. And that's exactly 9, 180. But guys it's okay run or I still have the help, So come on in there. Close off the DSD and the Myers' And then slide the murderer to the ranch Bigel And then you turn off the lights and leave. And hit the car and get the lights on you! I dub for myself that super real father fucking You know? The clip has a group of people who decided somewhere along at some point that Howard Dean wasn't going to be the candidate. Right, we don't know who those people are. No. But nevertheless, they decided that at some point he wasn't going to be the guy. And so as it's enough to make you scream. I was wrong. I'm as spoke. I said 11 American soldiers died of a week and now it's 12. It's hard to even keep up. Sir, you are highly of what the fake name says, which he's been using this fake name all along. You know, I think that's a little link to Luna'sill.org. It has up to the minute and full on your right casually. We want to put a link on our website to that. I don't think so. It's too depressing. It's too morbid. But if anybody wants to see that Luna will, you and a, guilty, I LLE.org. Okay, how they can keep track about to the way it's going right now. Pizza, hot of me, over 700. And you don't even say it was worth it anymore, even jokingly. Even so. Because it ain't worth it. And a funny number. Now. See, colon, pal, the me. He's one of the real chickens. He's one of the real chickens in Woodpeil because he knew early. What was going on? He went and he had a number. So they took when he threw that speech up and he said, I'm not going to be this Bullshmit. Remember reading about that. And then they got to him and somehow some way every time we would see him, he was on the verge of saying the truth. All of a sudden he'd come out a few hours later. He must have really lived his ass in the shape or me. Press on his family or whatever. Keep thinking that Godfather trial. Right. Oh, yeah, it was between the brothers. Mm-hmm. And all of a sudden he's singing a different tune. He had the opportunity to resign his post and to tell the public what a farst is all was but no. It goes in front of you when and lies to his teeth. He should let Kendally's alive to her teeth. At least he's got the gap. John Dean now. And there's so many books I got to buy. Gotta go get the John Dean book. Worst and water gave the secret presents he adures W. Bush by John Dean. Not every public in by the way. The man who told Nixon about the cancer on a presidency. And now we gotta get the Bobwood word book which is called Plan of Attack. And keep in mind that Bobwood word in his first book on Bush. I don't remember what the name of that was. Bush, whatever was. Bush at war, something like that. He had kissed his ass basically for several hundred pages. And now all of a sudden that he's written this book. Oh, he don't know what he's talking about. He's a bad guy. He's got an agenda right. Sure. Kevin Spacey mugged in beaten in London Park. Oh my God. What did I do with that thing? What do we call that? Just a minute. Relax. Okay. Get the chocolate. Get the chocolate. Get the chocolate. Get the chocolate. I did it. Oh, shit. I closed it. Get the chocolate. Put me on the ball of John. Put me on the candle. I'm afraid. Just take up the fucking chocolate. Oh, brother. I dumped the first one. The last one was okay. I had a good belief in it. I didn't think that would be okay. That's what you think. Yeah. You gave the chocolate a last one. That's okay. This is not to be okay. I think. Put a lunch, George. That's okay. Put a lunch. Will you go to lunch? Sure. Well, I'm put a whole long thing in there. When I listen, I don't know what you called it. Maybe I put it under Glenn Hill. Oh, there it is. I don't need you to talk to me. That way. Thank you. I'm going to go away. How can you talk to me that way? I don't care. I work here. I didn't come in here to be in jail. That's what I, I, I, I get it a work today. That's why I come in. I'll let you know. That's why I come in here. I don't know. I don't want to go to the library. I don't want to go to lunch, George. Where did she get off? Talk that way to a working man. Well, you take it outside. We have people trying to do business. That's what I came in here for. That's what I'm trying to do. I think I need to stop with that excuse. I made to stop with that. I need to stop with that. That's not right. That's not right. That's not. That's long and long. You get out of here. Will you get out of here? Will you get out of here? Will you? I'm trying to run an office here. Now will you go to lunch? Go to lunch. Will you go to lunch? No. Okay. If anybody doesn't want to stay at movie, especially if you know a few sales holes or a known overtime, you got to see Glenn Gary Glenn Ross. Anyway, getting back to heaven's space, he was great in that movie. Double Oscar star Kevin Spacey. She's been brutally mugged. I mean, he's been brutally mugged. The 44-year-old actor to a police he was attacked and robbed of his mobile phone while walking his dog in London Park at 430 in a morning. It was treated in a hospital for head injury. But bizarrely, hours later, Spacey was constantly fought rumors that he is gay, contacted officers to withdraw his earlier claim. Bapled police said there is no crime to investigate now. Spacey who lives here the park was unavailable for combat last night. Spacey bapled police by complaining he's been mugged. I'm complaining he's been mugged and told him to forget about it. Why? Why don't they start our C.S. to headline in the British Daily, the mirror dot, uh, CEO dot UK. Got it? UK. You go. The hospital and movie star said a mystery attack are beaten by them of his mobile phone as he walked his always a scuffer you're saying that. He reported the assault officers within Bapled man. 30 minutes so much hospital for treatment of a minor head injury. But hours later, he returned to the police station where he made his complaint and dropped the robbery claim. Confirming that a man in his 40s reported a mug in Scotland, the art said he had a head injury and said he'd been robbed of his phone but then he returned him with you the allegation of theft. As far as police are there, maybe it was his boyfriend. Okay? Sort of pick it. Yeah. That's what they're trying to make a stink. Well, you know then, Brits. Oh, I figured that Brits, I don't want to be any more about this because he's okay. And he probably made it all off. Probably got into a shit with his boyfriend. But anyway, the Brits last night, I was in much more music channel, which I had the idea was one of those feature, with these things they show now and then has been moved with music. They had a piece on the brothers, rules and hairy, Prince William and Harry. Yeah. And I'm going to tell you like I've always said the pants the Brits just make me sick to my stomach because they're so emotionally constipated and said to the British silly useless people, I'm going to tell you man, this was nauseating. When are you Brits out there now? We have a few in the audience although they probably bailed out for good reason. When you're going to stop already, would living in a distant past? Good, golly Miss Molly. Beans were talking about billions, there are people starving in there, all over England, all over the British Isles. They're starving over there. And not only that, but they're throwing away the American. Back to. And they're spinning billions on a marquilla, real family, and all of their residences. And Prince Charles, 17 million dollar mansion. And this one over here, and at the down, or up there in Scotland, and they show up Charles, walking around with this kilt sun, and all those other crap. Man, oh man, you talk about people living in the distant past. People with a serious ego problem is what they got. The French and the Russians had the right idea. And then they talk about the the Windsor family, and how many billions in billions they're worth, and all those other garbage. They have just just the art collection alone is worth 22 billion dollars. Can't. Just the art collection alone is worth 22 billion. Well, they deserve it. Well, how come they don't want to send somebody access to this all queen? Why? And you local, and you're sports, where you'll find six U.S. U.A.M. The conversation between Queen Elizabeth and the Arab-parent, Carson Bernstals. Hello. Hey, damn Charles. Yes. It's a bit mom. Mom. What are you calling for, dear mom? I'm worried about your Charles. Mom, you're 13 calling me every day. And I'm very worried. You call me that 10 times a day, Mom. I've been having the newspaper here. Is there a mirror? Yes. I don't really touch rubbish. Well, did you happen to see the front page? I didn't see it, Mom. What the reeds has rubbish, I told you. It says, it's Charles by sexual. I don't know. It's true, John. What was it saying, Mom? It's Charles by sexual. What's it mean by that, Mom? It means you like the last years and the last. I don't like the last, Mom. Don't cry, Mom. It's true, I didn't think they'd stand crying. It's true. It's not true. I knew I should have done some way wrong when I got you missing to create. I like it, Mom. It's a good singer. I mean, that's all I missed. I had all those Barbara strays and movies in the collection house. I love to ring you, Mom. That doesn't make me a buy. That's a very fine. Good. That's a very fine. What is? Watching him shower right now. Where you crying, Mom? It's true, is it? What? It's true. It's not true. You're my sexual one. I am not by sexual. I don't have any sex. The woman I'm dating, Mom, looks like a horse. I mean, she doesn't give it to me at all. You know that. But is that why you go for the men? I don't go for those very both. So, which not true? I'm going to be king of England. Yes, I should have worried about it. Oh, why you worried, Mom? You've been a king and a boy. You've been a king. I can't can. Can you just come to a straight and then a little longer, Mom? That's all right. My day is here. You're late. The commander? I'm all in early. Who is that? Just a friend. Is that commander? It's Ernie. Ernie, who's Ernie? I'm afraid, Ernie. Who is Ernie? It's like you're a football together, Mom. You don't play football. You play games together, Mom. I'm going to have a... Something crying. How 46 and 5, 60 W to QAM. You can see that this past weekend, for somebody told me, if I was on our friends at Erkena, that this past weekend is like the last gasp. This word, people bail on out of the sun for... So, the people who stuck around one extra weekend to Easter and pace off, once who didn't leave that last previous weekend, they all bailed out the last weekend. So, I would imagine the CPS spokesman Dan Senior said, in the Atlantic Journal Constitution, in fact, it is no reporting. Senior military spokesman Mark Kimman had a suggestion for Rackies who saw somebody in Deaths and Al-Jazeera, changed the channel to a legitimate authoritative honest newspaper, the stations that are showing Americans intentionally killing women and children are not legitimate news sources that is propaganda and that is lies. Acting as a substitute anchor on CNN's Wolf Blitzkrieg reports Kagan began the interview by asking how she could respond to those accusations. Said he was a official saying, the pictures in the reporting that Al-Jazeera put on the ear only adds to the sense of frustration and anger, and adds to the problems that are rackered and helping solve them. After Al-Jazeera's work is accurate, and the images as representative of or take place in the ground, Kagan pressed on, isn't the story, though, bigger than just the simple numbers, with all the respect of the Iraqi civilians who have lost their lives. This is a story bigger than just the numbers of people who were killed or the fact that they might have been killed by the U.S. military, that the insurgents, the people trying to cause problems with Influidia, are mixing in among the civilians making it actually impossible, making it actually possible that even more civilians would be killed after stories that why Iraqi insurgents are doing, and in addition to what is the response from the U.S. military. CNN's argument that a bigger story than civilian deaths is what the Iraqi insurgents are doing to provoke U.S. response is startling, especially in that of the official that the U.S. denials of civilian deaths video footage of women and children killed by the U.S. military's evidence that needs to be seen. And Al-Jazeera is not alone in reporting a reality very different from the one U.S. official is described. Authorities have been able to keep a target right on the information flow from a collusion with only one small TV network pool in the city that travels and operates under the watch of the Marines. It is not worthy that the U.S. is reportedly demanded as a condition for lifting the siege of Fuluga that Al-Jazeera cameras be removed from the city. But independent journalists reporting from Fuluga described the scene consistent with the one broadcast by Al-Jazeera, Rahul Mujah Hajana, a U.S. journalist in Fuluga estimated that of the 600-reck-he-skill in Fuluga, 200 were women and 100 young children, with many of the adult male casualties also non-combatants. He reported witnessing a young woman 18 years old shot in the head, and the young boy would mess it in turtle bleeding at a clinic. Mahajana recorded that during the ceasefire, Americans were attacking with heavy artillery, but primarily with snipers, with ambulances among the targets. The strike activity was also reported by U.S. journalist, D'Arjameil. A larger resident say Marines are opening fire randomly on arm civilians, and of attack clearly marked ambulances. When reports from the ground are describing hundreds of civilians being killed by U.S. forces, CNN should be looking at Al-Jazeera's footage to see if a corroborate shows accounts, not baguering elders who are evidence of why he is in suppressed footage. They are in Tagan, Babelhead, Pond, propaganda, peace of crap, and whole, I just mention it. You're right, you're stunned. I have 60, 10, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon, Marles Line, line 9, QAM, hello. Hi, Mr. I'd like to speak with Neil. Neil, this is Richard Pro, you talked about me on the air actually. But we want to clarify, not the Richard Pro from the Neocon Group. No, not at all. Actually, I'm calling today because I have Craig Unger, who wrote House of Bush House a shot on my show. Really? Yeah, he's coming on a fire with Paco and Waxy, that little thinking little station. But it's going to be on today if I have a call. I think I'm going to use my show to promote your show. I think not at all. I think it would be good for people being here at the show, because I think what your show is is great service. And this is an opportunity for people to see the connection between Bush and the... Yeah, the timing is perfect. I had the book sitting on my coffee table and editor. I'm having a start at the fire, I've got five others. Hi, we'll do it. I'm on today at five. I think I can do it at the 90 Waxy, and I think we want you to be listening around the station. But just do it. Well, this way they don't have to listen to sports for a while. Well, it's not always that way. You are a farmstaking anyway, so 90 Waxy. That's true. Anyway, listen, you're doing a great job. I love your website too. And I just wanted to call in on the other Richard Pro. I'm a homegrown thing, and I decided to do this because... I would definitely change my name or two. You know, I'll tell you something. I travel over these. It's tough. You know, now it's like, I don't want to go. Because these guys who may pull me out of the hotel room don't like my stalling. So, I think there's no way... I should work with you. What am I doing in the National Ensemble Cuban Guy? My dragger would say, how come your name on the passport? I don't call you giving me free pass, who would say, Ah, a right winger. You go through good plan. Like I said, keep it the same. All right, why do you think for giving me free pass? Thanks for doing good job. But by the way, okay. There you go. There's other stations using me or I should have a remote there show. A little problem with us. I mean, we want you to listen to the Hebrew hammer. But if you're not sports intensive, right? Just write it down and listen to him. How big you porn? I said, hey, how you doing? Are you telling these people the right time QAM good? And by the way, I'm glad you mentioned that because we've got the eight South Florida Chiefs and stations on our website that you ought to avoid, like, like, like, poison like the plague of your second time to clear channel and what they've done. That's just what Howard Stern, but what they've done in general. To this business, just say, no, to clear channel, okay? So there's Richard Pearl. I remember the day the first day somebody called and said, Oh, Richard Pearl has got a show. And I just went nuts. But how do I get an ultrasound other Richard Pearl, huh? Nobody knew. I didn't know that Richard Pearl from Pearl Bailey. From Jack Bailey, who's to drive a bird in downs. 567560, town 560 on the AT&T, and Verizon Wireless Line. WQM, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Let's let that Alan Greenspan to that list. Really? Yeah, I should write it on a tarl, I'll say to that. I'll say what you know what they're saying, Paul was done in France, and I didn't carry Louis one. When's the Friday, man? All, okay, thanks a lot. Who'd you rather spend a weekend with Jerry Lewis, Alan Greenspan? Put him on your Alan Greenspan, got it, Jack? Can I write it? The most important person of the 20th century, and again, if you tuned in late, which you probably did, Time magazine does this thing every year, once in a while, when you got nothing else going on like us. Then they take a poll, world wide, no less, well time magazine is worldwide. To mark the turn of the century, they profile the hundred individuals from five fields of endeavor, who took the hundred years, who are your choices? And they've listed, look at the number of votes on here. Church, you'll leave us in revolutionaries. He's got 1.3 million 154,000, and some of votes. Does that incredible? And he's just barely ahead of Atturk. Then he used to be like a foot doctor with Cleveland Clinic, an Atturk guy. He's one of the class that they're rehearsed at me, to be able to. And then they chase his ass out of town, yeah. That rumor, he's one good doctor, that's my good friend, Dr. Luchername, Hampton. Can't go hand, thank you sweetheart. He was going to like come in special to see me last week. And FDR is a distant third, how is that possible? He's got $194,000 votes. I would love it anybody said that Churchill was more, like in that provincial, national poll, right? So called home. And he even passed or is what on FDR's ass, and he needs to have me bought it. You've been trying to get up and get away, but he's having a hell of a time doing it. That's bad. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, we got what we got to for. It is 104, Einstein, 88, or it's figured out professions. Here's a little low-fact, you might find fascinating. And it would have been as far to mention this to you by that one of the spots we've played in the last break. Do you know, uh, Dufflands, you are Operation Vanders, you're what field of endeavor he was in before got into broadcasting? No, I don't know what he's saying, or? Type fitter. 4 minutes still won, 1256 is 5, 60, WQIM. If you have an affid because of his purpose, I'm looking pretty nasty these days. Here's something that will perfect smile on your face. Call my friends and draw concepts because if you've never used him before, you'll be amazed at what he's doing. They're simply the best in the world of bringing your carpeting back to life. Even if your carpets are old and kind of hopeless looking right now, when they've finished acting, your carpet is not exactly what they do. They will look like you just had brand new laid on your floor. That's correct. They leave your carpet vibrant and color-soft to the touch. And they give you a guaranteed written price up front before they start to job no matter what you have to do with it. You're ery erogs, you're oryid or rugs, you're draper, you're a post for your carpeting all of these things. And when you call dry concepts, we sure asked to have them put you on your stand by list. We'll say that you're 15% off of your unbeatable price on this to pin this job. Call them today. Believe me, you never dream of calling anybody else. Call them toll free from anywhere as 1-800-2-48-507-1. That's 1-800-2-48-507-1, or check them out on the web at dryconcepts.com, the best in the universe. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. This is the virtual crisis. We're going to do it. Bye. It's the 1-2 hour. All those dozen long skies we fly and all of our dreams. We are so done once once you find. And now there is hope we can't stand on this planet. Everland, that's what we're so done to see. All these new thoughts and thoughts we've taken. We're all so done to see. What I want is 560W to have you Monday too. Major sports story. I'm surprised it interrupts the show for this. Okay. I'm surprised Terence didn't come directly running. Oh, you gotta get this up here right away. Otherwise the end. Sports alarm didn't go off. And I'll give it a little clue. A little hint is to what the suit is might be about. We can't play it. The bit the more we did it a bit more. What does that call? I don't know. This is what's called Chris and a run day. Got it. What is that thing called? I can't even find it. Maybe I don't already took it out of here. There it is. That was messy. Yeah. That's all you want. I like that, women. One moment please. Okay. This is most of the days we can play anymore. Back in the day when we played it it was most of the music anyway. Here's the big story. A rendez-guessed informal library. See, we were the mommy dolphins. It was a rest of early today on a DIY charge. And for grabbing a suspended license. In Pemper Pines. Captain Keith Pallan police ghostman said, Get it. Didn't 32 of baby was murdered on two other counts in outstanding words. The charge is grabbing on a suspended or revoked driver's license. Shame on you, or rendez. Pallan said, Gazzam was also charged with violation of a traffic control device. Whatever that means. Maybe a ram light. Stop sound right. Some like that. Pallan said, Gazzam refused as a submittic of gravity testing. On a forthal call testing facility. And was booked in the Howard County jail. And for a long day on the move of $3,000 bond. He later posted bond later in the morning was freed. Pallan said, Gazzam was stopped around 2.30 this morning while grabbing my spawn. Pines Boulevard in the 8100 block. Police said he had just left Tubby Guwana in his black 2003 infinity. What else reminds me of a Jeff Kongol and I'm going to do a Tussies last week. Pallan said the SUV was spotted swirving out of his land traffic and running over Lane markers. He was stopped on the 8700 block of Pines Boulevard question and arrested. Gazzam and unrestricted creation is unlikely to return to the dolphins. He played in the 6th game's last season and to being resigned of every 19 catching 4 passes for 48 yards and no touchdowns. The oddty oddty oddty oddty. The city of Aronda Gazzam has got a little bit of his own comfort top. It's amazing that the destroyer came out so quickly. Aller seemed in place for the team no more. It's kind of like when Peter were well was on the floor to plant his and he added to the UI at least one. And they kept the real pipe for a very long time. But nevertheless, how those panthers went in the playoff they should ask. Can you hear him some ass? Huh? I think we've got some pre-panted to playoff pigency away. What do you say? We love the panther. 560560, the most influential person in the world in the 20th century. WQN. Hey Neil, are you? Pretty good. We need to tell Neil on the Gazzam story. Maybe remind me of over the weekend. I lost got arrested down in, I think it was Miami on a footshade to capture a jay for them. I have a long arm of a lot. Yeah, from the Patriots. I'll be there. And when they went to arrest them, he said, don't be touching me. I'm a professional athlete. That was a quote. That was a quote. That was a quote. That was a quote. So I just thought you'd like to hear that. Thanks for the good news, Barry. Now we're even. Alright, I said, Tyler, I've got a Superbowl ring. But other than that. Five, six, seven, five, six. You got two, Josh? Yeah. He's got a pair. I just mentioned that in passing. I don't want the dolphin fans to get upset because they're very jealous. And there was actually a football game. There was a Superbowl game on Superbowl. So they even know almost nobody remembers it. And why don't they remember it? Because of all that crap. Too bad I can play that sound anymore. What do I guess? Can play that? There you go. For now. That is Jackson, Justin, tickable, flat. That's all we know. I mean, I'm going to tell you what that says. It speaks volumes about America, about your politicians, about the maturity of the whole American psyche. It's pathetic. A booby. And exposed booby for a fraction of a second is on. And it wasn't even like totally pristine and had like that thing. I'd have, whatever that thing was. Hubcap. That hubcap on it. Right. And you would have thought that the world was coming to an end. My John Ascroff, man, he must have been hyperventilating with making all kinds of motion on Dr. Schroes. Oh, speaking of that. Record Poppy crop makes mockery of Afghanistan's Geodon Open. I poppy. How many of we have that $700 million to finish the job in Afghanistan, at least to do a little bit more. But no. Well, President, it kind of is like the Iran-contrasting all over him when they were diverting funds from one place over here. And addition to which Congress didn't know nothing about it. That's 700 million. You were aware that you said that in the woodworthiness. Yes, I did. Because even the light didn't watch it. I've seen clips and read all this stuff. Try to be up to date. So I have just a miniscule idea of what's going on like usual. Blossoms of right, opium poppies, blanket devalies of nangarar province, whatever that is. Colleable proof that another war is not working. Afghanistan's Geodon Open production. President of the Karzai's promised that 25% of the opium harvest in Afghanistan will be destroyed is no closer to being realized last year the harvest provided 3.4% of the world's heroine and 95% of Europe's. This year a record harvest is expected. Robert Charles and our colleagues have heard from the US State Department says that 300,000 acres of opium poppies will be harvested. 30% more. Not 30%. Then the previous harvest. Then the previous highest. Already 10 million people worldwide are addicted to Afghan opiates. Even Shalakholms is still hooked on it. And a conference in Berlin this month, US Secretary of State Colin Powell, linked to aid packets to 2.2.3 billion parts of Afghanistan for 2005 to be distructed to the opium harvest. You don't think it was another lie, do you? No. It was then that Mr. Karzai called on farmers to fight opium production with the same commitment as they would a holy war. Right. This is not a real policy. He says, he denies Mohammed the governor of Nanga-Har. We've only told farmers at the end of the season. It is only now being decided who's the deal to be destroyed. Otherwise they're going to take their time. They don't want to destroy any of the good chef right now. See? The weight. Right. We'll wait. And it's like if the cops come right in your house, you want us to go in to the good crap down the turret. Just come back when you're finished using it all up. I got a dummy bag for just such an occasion. There you go. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. 5, 6, 60 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line. How many of you aim? I've got one for the poll. Yes sir. Bob Marley. Bob Marley, mine. Now we're talking. No, he can't be under his entertainer. Come on. Come on. Come on. The most important entertainer of the 20th century this guy says was Bob Marley. There you go. Speaking of what we're just talking about too. See the way this all kind of like fits in together like a rubber glove. A rolling, flowing color. Oh, what kind of that I read? The inquiries been pretty disappointing. Last two or three weeks. Something about OJ. Was something about the DNA testing? Oh, that if they would have had the technology back during the OJ trial that they have now. It would have been open in showcase. Even that even that fully-ed up jury wouldn't have been able to play the race car. That's how devastating it would have been. I think that's where you're run. What? I think if OJ had pulled the night by of his pockets that I killed the bitch with his knife right here, they still would have acquitted him. I'm guilty. I'm guilty. If you're foolish, mate, you must have quit. Different. Well, Johnny Cochran's also got some kind of a disease of some kind of motelist. What it is? Yeah, let it buy go. He'd be illin. If Pat Burns has colon cancer, but he'll be alright. You know, Pat Burns? No. I'm muted. I know. It burns. WQM. Hello. Yes, sir. How about General George Marshall? The Marshall Plan. General George Marshall, the excellent. Okay. Thank you. And I just want to say one thing. You watch these Torx show programs with Matthews and all these guys. They talk other president, made his points. We got to go forward. We can go back. But no one's forks and says, may I have the station truck? Yes. Okay. That is a shmuck. One. Yeah. I mean the man is just in coherent way. That is correct. Okay. Have a good life. And you too. Oh, that was great. I have no line. 560, 1056 on the AT&T Verizon Wireless line. Tomorrow we'll do the most important entertainment of the 20th century. And on Wednesday, the most important Anthony to the 20th century. And then what we might do on Thursday? What's her in the transmitter? The most important pullover to Adam. We got to go through there. We got some good news, man. I want to get like, you're ready to wait. I don't want the audience to feel like we don't love them anymore. Because we certainly do. We appreciate their long standing patience and support. But what a Thursday. Yeah. We love the Marlins. So they got swept by a line of big deal. Okay. There's to late and four. Right. They're off of great start. Can't win them all. Can expect into the more of the phrase earlier. Plus I think that Mo put the hex on. Because he's a braest man on your thing. He's responsible. Can't imagine. You can't win them all. And he's done so. Did he say that? No, I'm making that up. Just because of being 17. Oh, right. Now he's got to ring. I don't want to tell you what kind. We can't say that anymore on the ear. I got a picture of it if you want to post it. But you do. I don't want to hear about it. From the set of two? No. On its way. Let's see. We got 1230. I'm Thursday. Then we got to Marlon Game. Marlins is a philies with a free game of 1230 and game 105. Oh, man. I think if the Marlins would emulate the Cubs and play all day games, starting in about like noon, I think 10 to 1130 is a magnificent shift. Don't you? Oh, maybe. Yeah, 10 to 1130. We've got the best hour and a half. Man, tower pack. We would have time to take a breath. It would smoke. It would be. Any of these pauses are even time to do a little graps like I just did. We would just be smoking a lot, man. No, not even no time for a spot. So I guess that's out. 12 minutes after one at five, 60 WQM. If you've been sleeping on a really crappy mattress, you're back. We'll tell you because you wake up in the morning. You feel like crap and you feel like you haven't even slept at all. If you want to get a great new mattress, there are a lot of ways to go. But the smart thing is what I've been doing for years. Call 1800 mattress. Because gallum mattress backs, everything they say in the advertising 500%. They're competitors still like to lie. They give you a lot of BS. Here's an example. And big print you see in Ad that says, no down payment. No interest, no payments for 24 months. The tiny print of bottom reads like an encyclopedia of the slammers. Recries an minimum purchase higher than the advertising sell price. Many times not a single advertising would even qualify for financing. Infra's currently is a 21% or more. Shoppers in need financing most really even qualify. And dialing my presents have no tiny print. No disclaimer is no lies. No BS, no bultchment. When you call 1800 mattress, you'll find is never an extra charge for sending it. Libert either. And dialing my Chris takes same day orders all day long. From candle to Stuart from Palm Beach to Fort Myers. When you call 1800 mattress, you pick the date into our delivery window. You want your mattress delivered and they show up when your home one's convenient for you. So call right now when using the first time, you'll see for yourself why 1800 mattress is ranked the best in the world in overall customer satisfaction. And dialing my Chris reminds you to read that fine print because they want to make sure you know what you're buying. Even if you decide to buy from somebody else. So do what I've been doing for a long long time for a coon zage. Just make that one simple call. 1800 mattress or log on a mattress.com. dial a mattress 1-800-MATTR-ES-The-ON-S-Wade-Bite-Wa-Great-New-Bed. My life is closed. This is for three-O-Fight-S-E-U-A-N-A-N. I'm free because I need to have my pull out some of the E-M-A. But it's weak. I can't do this. I'm Jewish. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. The Cantees. I can't do this. I can't do this. But it's actually a semi. This is a semi. He's in a good shape. And he looks like he's in a good shape. After all these years and he's finally found a subject that I'm in total of the screen will be one. I know there was to be one. Senator Kary said yesterday I'm in the press that Hamas had plenty of chances over the years to come to the peace table. He was able to win. He went on to say that they were a brutal murdering murdering organization and and I fully deserved that their leaders assassinated, and I totally agree with the state of views on the subject. As far as I'm concerned, you can't kill enough of them. I hope error fat will be next, and I disagree with you that the peace process is in any way affected by these actions. Right. Revenge is just none of the convenient excuse for them. When they're ready to talk, they will do so regardless of who is killing whom they're weak, and you know that his rays will be ready as well. That's my view and thanks for listening. Oh, brother Larry, oh, good luck to you, man. I think too. I think he was eating the box just like I said in a bit that the moths inside takes like a box that it came in. Wow. Just keep, you know, few are stalking like you said about stalking the hornets this man. Just keep prodding and prodding and prodding. That's the way to do it. Got every area. But before Shaman is done, he's going to have anybody who ever even like had lunch with an urban in the world, hating not only the Israelis, but hating the US. This is the thing that really frost my ass. It would be one thing if what he did only affected him and the people crazy enough to be living in. That's their problem. Well, then it affects us. Stay in this another story. Anyway, here's a much more pleasant story. Well, it kind of. Because even though we can't play far times, we can talk about farting still. Oh, right. As of today, we haven't got a new mental. It says dogs. They're sweet, lovelin, uh, loyal and lovelin. They fetch sticks and eat leftovers and stride beside their masters in morning runs. They guard sleeping house. Old some of them. They can catch frisbee. Not surprisingly, those finer qualities tend to trump less like to portrays nipping at neighbors, shredding shoes, soiling carpets and passing gas. Hmm. Veterinary and Robert Dan, co-director of Blum Animal Hospital in Chicago, we'll see this year of gasing pooters. Their afflictions is as thoroughly common. Often stems either from the inability to expel excess air or intentional bacteria that ferment carbohydrates which in turn produces gas. Sorry, it says that's more than you need to know, but that brings us to the popular water defirting dogs series of kids books. Are you familiar with that? Uh, no, better get with it. It's stinky protagonist water, a lovable and pre-preter naturally gashes canine as brought dog flatulence and as resub flatulence in general to the four like never before. The first water installment was released in 2001 quickly became a subversive favorite landing last summer at Papua New York Times listed children's picture book best sellers. How come we haven't heard about this? Well, did the farting dog? I ought to have. To date, in North American phenomenon, I'm a sold a half a million copies of entranslathing to Quebec law French and Spanish other translations of it in a works. In its follow-up well, did the farting dog trouble the yard sale? It's hit the shelves this month is on track for similar success, having recently said it number three on the timeless imprinted in a dozen languages. The public ridiculous plot goes on like this, a man buys water from his old factory tortured master for $10 at a garage sale and harnesses the dogs formidable tooting talents for evil. Water heavyman attached to a fart catcher is forced at beans, the musical fruit, and made to fill balloons with his noxist themes thus creating near lethal weapons to be strategically deployed by a pin popping new course of a bank robbery. Water, friendly, and charitable poaches usually dismayed by a spritigman, not to worry though, and in the end, in the end, all's resolved and he returns home and he's already far again and again and again, it is forthcoming third rom ruffle of the overhead and it goes on, sure is on our website. Excuse, excuse, I'll pick that up. I can't play the sounds that we can talk about it's still for now. For right now, let's go kill some terrorists. All right and a few innocent pain in the S5 then seven tonight, two bad. All right, start with Ariel. Why is it that New York Daily News has this pension for trying to let make excuses for Michael Jackson? Of all the publications it seems that they're like, and had been for last two years. But anyway, they got to story this morning. The own cancer patient who is accused of Michael Jackson's sexual abuse is now a robust teenager able to withstand the rigorous of a military camp and scale eight foot walls says the Adelaide News. He also has moved into a comfy condo on the city's upscale West Side, Nail Lane. His mom is robbing a new car. It is a remarkably different picture from what the family's friends had described. In the swirl of publicity after Jackson was arrested for allegedly molested the boy in November, family friends said the boy was desperately ill and dire need to a kidney transplant and so poor that he and his siblings didn't even have beds. Well, like it always goes sleep in Michaels. Comedy club owner Jamie Masad, who introduced the accused of Jackson broke hearts across the nation with described the 14 year old boys failing health and grim living conditions. And the series has been a news late last year. He has only one kidney and it's failing him in part of his face this whole lineup. It just breaks your heart, Masad told the news in late November, adding that he donated bunk beds so the boy was younger brother would have to speak on the floor. There are poor people, simple people who said, and late December he told the AAP, this kid is not doing very good. Weeks after Masad has heard when they media blitz, and in that investigation found the boy in good shape despite his cancer valve was struck it off to run, jump scale fences even hoist a rifle. Masad is silenced by a court gag order decline the comment. And it goes on a great line. The accused's mother was repeatedly seeing driving a new 2004 red Volkswagen Jetta with a $21,000 sticker price a big ticket purchase for someone struggling to make ends meet. I January they be located to a pleasant to bedroom condo near LA's posh Bratwood neighborhood, maybe an OJ's old uh, maybe by there. A far cry from there from the rundown apartment on the city's dicey well, maybe that's an advances to write a book you think? Who knows? But who can help here is $56,705,60? Pound 5,60 on a AT&T in Verizon Marbles on the most important person of the 20th century was Tomas Edison, 120 plus his heart, Albert Einstein 1016, FDR-181, that's very sad, they don't know. Moh där David has got 48. A Dudes doing it. Eight Alphabelle are 46, and in fact, Moh has passed it low like it was Stan and Steel. Bill Gates 40 Kim Bermabelle. What is it, burner's Lee? Yes he does. In better than a worldwide net he's got a few he's got 37, Winston Churchill 36. Martin Part of those are Kings God. 30, man. 30. 24, 22. Alien Gonzalez 16. JFK 12. Lenin's got six. Vladimir that is. Lots of them. Cricket got five. Edward Tower four. Dick Nixon three. Vitten. Surf. Father the Internet's got three. Benitzer's on heaven yet. 7. Freud too. And John Lee. Why could I? Much of people got one. Including Gandhi. Just one honor. I think I might. Good. Like it. I love it. 27. After one at five, 60 WCQ and who's wanting that people don't love it. I'm thinking about the horrible things the diseases the things that can happen to. Especially if you're like fat or autoshape or if you have bad genes. Last week I had an amazing test at the Hollywood Diagnostic Center. It's just phenomenal. The way it's technology is come along now. It's like an MRI used to be in the old days. You know, I just lied to the machine for a few minutes in your whole your breath. And they keep taking pictures. But now they do the whole body scan. And it's absolutely amazing. It's a proven fact that the disease responds extremely well to treatment if you detect it early. That's the key. So if you're concerned about maybe have a bad lifestyle, maybe your fat is a cow, maybe you've got like a history of heart disease or cancer, whatever in your family, you really ought to check this out. Hollywood Diagnostic Center is proud of an answer to their virtual colonoscopy, which is so much less intrusive than a traditional one by the way. Coronary heart scoring, which I hadn't full by-screening exam too, which I had, that can detect cancer of the life-threatening diseases in their early stages. The doctors refer all as needed. For all your imaging exams call Hollywood Diagnostic Center, 9-5-4-9663600 for the test that can give you and your family peace of mind. It's definitely like walking out of there after you see all the pictures on there. You know, there's your heart, there's your lungs, there's your liver. With bacon and onions, there's your kidneys, there's your pancreas. There's your backbone, all of them, they're right on there. And Hollywood Diagnostic Center, they offer state-of-the-art imaging equipment with open MRI, high-speed CAT scan, nuclear medicine and much much more. Hollywood Diagnostic Center has been serving community for over 20 years, and their facility also provides a complete mobile diagnostic service that can come out to you. So really, find it out early is what it's all about. In case you have something going on bad in your body, you want nobody. Hollywood Diagnostic Center for your imaging exam today called 9-5-4-9663600. It could be the most important call you'll ever make. 9-5-4-9663600. 5-9663600. The rate is on your own, not a few in. There was American sufferer, that American hot problems. Now, there's a show for all you gear hand, the music of American scooter. And where are you there? You can't put the home around, we don't know where Ash go. But I need to try and make kills on my head. To persuade us, hiring runs up. We're going to get to her, and it's for the big AARP show in my head. We may have to work on it. We may have to work on it. We will make them to work on it. And their medical runs up to the findouts in my parliament. I can student early in her special, follow my teacher, her odd chance monster telescope, unlike on the discovery channel. 3-823 new rockets strike at the Gaza Settlement. What a surprise, huh? surprise and you ain't seen nothing yet. I'm sure. Unfortunately. It happens every time. So you can continue to and this far I didn't mention the part about what John Kerry said John Kerry was doing the same thing that Bush does. And just about all the other politicians in the U.S. do. And it is pandering for the Jewish road. And of course in Bush's case he's not only pandering for the Jewish Pope, he's also pandering for the born again Christians who are obsessed with all Armageddon and the Israelis and the Jews and how we have to make them off if they can refuse. And of course if they refuse, I would burn in hell but nevertheless we have to blow that masks to the people. The temple to the bottom again will happen. There you go. There's our good friend, Susan Kenyane. The courthouse. Where it is we five in the state trial against Terry Nichols. By the way, do you know that they're now fighting that there could be a connection between Terry Nichols and Alcada? Are you worried that if you're worried about that? No, I have not. And the fact that he was in the Philippines it's two detail for me to go into right now. But they just could be Alcada might have been involved in some of the new homosexual and the homosexuality bombing. I don't want to sound paranoid enough of my death. But anyway, oh and have you know who we left out? Then I looked up doing a break. My gut on our list. Well that's out my gut. It's a good thing that I looked up. Final Farmsworth. Final. Final T. Right. Final T. Final T. Right. Final Farmsworth. Invented television. How could you leave him out? Most important person in the 20th century. Change the entire world. Couldn't have computers without it. Change our lives. Couldn't have the playboy channel without it. Right. Couldn't have MSNBC. You want to see a man dying on the air. Don't I'm a city more. Because the anniversary of the wake-o. The end of the branch. The video stand off 11 years ago. The branch. The video is another bunch of crazy people. Move, move, move, move, move. Okay. Nice going Janet. Not. I'm going to be on the air today. That's a thing that they blew that thing up. Turn it on fire. Right. Man, oh man. We were there. Talk about a bunch of flamers. Oh, here's a bad news for our radio again. Well, I should be in a different. The funk. Jazz lounge. Got the blues in the hoot. The boot from my hot one. Oh, five. That's what it's all about. Does anybody who listen to this show. Have any idea what that is? No. The neo-stool music show hosted by Rodney Demas on WHQ2. Top 105. Sopticeways. It's socially conscious. Versus and sopian poetic lyrics. This by Tony Marshall and the Sun Sentinel. And it goes on and on pages on this. Meantime we can't say crap on you anymore. And other than a couple of columns by Tom Zico, a few weeks ago. Nobody's writing a word about that. And let me say it again. Playing garbage there. You are an idiot. You're pathetic. My goodness. It is so sad. All the stuff that's been going on. Of course, now, once we have something happy with a Spanish language Stations in a Herald in your read about a right nail hero. Why don't they just dump the somebody mentioned this last week? Just dump the English language version of the hero while again. Just put it in Spanish. Who you kidn. You have to say the fact on my life, no. You're exactly. You're only me as I get it. And I feel bad that I do is because I feel compelled to spirit a Christ compels me. Doing a stupid as show. But otherwise, I wouldn't wrap your garbage in the Herald. I wouldn't let your dog crap on it. Because of low ratings, the producers recently pulled the plug on the Sunday of In seven. Approaches the doob shop. Now it's the Neo soul news show. What's it going to be next? Man, it is bad news. 560560. What about internet radio? Is it something about internet radio? It's time we're newsweek on the plane. What about it? Why couldn't we do internet radio? What can't we? I don't know. Just dump this whole crap on with this horrible signal. And go on the internet. So advertising. We could advertise all those offshore gambling joints. Sure. We could advertise anything. Right. Even make a fortune. And then we could see whatever the hell we wanted to. At least for a few months until they caught on. And then they started censoring the internet to help tell me. That's what they want. It's just a matter of time. We try to pull that crap through cable, satellite radio, satellite TV, and then the internet. The word police. They've only just begun. WQM. Up there. QM hello. QM hello. QM yes sir. How are you doing now? Okay. You haven't problem with playing 30 steps. I guess. Oh god. WQM hello. Yes sir. How's it going? Pretty good. Excellent. Pretty sure orient is listed. Pretty good. I'm pretty sure. How is the atmosphere going to orient? No. I said the most important person in the world. I don't think that Gandhi was the western hemisphere. That's Hitler. Thank you. They put Mao's say song on the list. But we did not. Mao is a big one. I was going to say Gandhi, but I heard you say him earlier. He's probably the only guy on the list. He's a big one. He's a big one. I heard you say him earlier. He's probably the only guy on the list. Do you tell anybody? Sherman Mao. No. Gandhi. I'm not sure. Mao was killed me when he used to show those pictures of him. He's been swimming. No. Nobody can prove it. I don't know what you're talking about. Exactly. Thanks Bill. Mao would see. You got to be sure. I forgot to play the blind. We'll do it. Come on up momentarily. Don't worry. Right now. Did you ever see those pictures? Those people that have pictures of him swimming? No. You never did? No. That's how the sex pictures. Oh my god. It was just unbelievable. He's like paddling like a dog, but they sped up the frames. That was not what he was. Like an Olympic swimmer. Teremen and chairman Mao just flopping around there in the old pool. He was there. Real hoot. Five, six, seven, five, six, five, six, five, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six Somethin' used to say this on his website that he was once he guessed on what's my line or one of the exact headeh. All right, you know something I remembered then in fact I saw it? Know what you were doing, I had enormous luck. Yes, you really saw it? or maybe I saw it on mine? There we go, here's Johnru das, there we go. Here's Johnru舉's Daily kept it boxed my line with our lean Francis or Think Go-gelen, contened deeper levers are huch been成uring Francis by the way, case link. And his purpose. Here's the fact, this is, dear Niel, a scientist named Rosalyn Franklin was an incredible mathematician and pioneer in radioactive studies. She did all the work to discover the structure of DNA. Lots of Niel Creek, I've heard of her work, didn't you already credit? See, there's another report. Just like what the George Eastman used to do to Edison, she saw all this patents or was a deal the way around. Uh, I'll tell you, we see the Nobel Prize. But this time Rosalyn had died from cancer out of radiation exposure, she got in her lab. Oh, a boy, poor baby. The Rosalyn Franklin, nobody's going to know who that is, but put it on there. I mean, we can't put Ben Franklin because he was a little bit ahead of his time as in a wrong century. Someone else for your pull, William Shockley worked for Bell Labs, him as the primary inventor of the transistor. He invented the old transistor, sister, and who of us old enough like me never had a nice little transistor radio? Do you ever have one? Um, it's hard to say, I had radios from way back, you know what I mean? I don't know if they were transcribed. I'm talking about a little portable transistor radio. Yes, I did. Oh, there you go. Was that a difficult question? Any little handheld? Well, I don't know what made it a transistor radio. It was a transistor sister that every now and then we raised a blister like a friend's apple would say. Oh, till that we can't play that normal. Oh, funny. How you can even close the final tilt to a five sixty WDQM secretary's day is this Wednesday April 21. Make your receptionist's smile with an authentic Vermont teddy bear. Everybody at the office will think you're the best boss ever. Your ass system will receive a beautiful beer handcraft in Vermont. delivered with free chocolate and the gift card in Vermont City Grace Davis gift box. Just call 1-800-2-9 beer and a friendly bird council will help you choose from bears like the life-saver bear or the real boss bear. It's a great way to show your appreciate and a fun and original way. It'll look great on the desk all year long. sending handcraft to Vermont City bears a creative alternative to flowers that are dyed. You know, flowers dye just a few minutes really and they'll always remind them of the bear will let you appreciate all their hard work overnight delivery is still guaranteed. So call today 1-800-2-9 beer or shop online and promote Citybird.com. It creative this smart alternative to flowers for any occasion that's 1-800-2-9 bear be sure to tell them that meal footage is called 1-800-829-B-E-A-R. 2-0-1-829-B-E-R. 2-0-1-829-B-E-R. 1-800-2-1-829-B-E-R. 1-800-2-1-829-B-E-R. 1-800-2-1-829-B-E-R. 1-800-2-1-829-B-R. 1-800-2-1-829-B-R. 1-800-2-1-829-B-E-R. 1-800-2-1-829-B-R. 1-800-2-1-829-B-R. 1-800-2-1-829-B-R. 1-800-2-1-829-B-R. 1-800-2-1-829-B-R. 1-800-2-1-829-B-R. 1-800-2-1-829-B-R. 1-800-2-1-829-B-R. 1-800-2-1-829-B-R. 1-800-2-1-829-B-R. 1-800-2-1-829-B-R. 1-800-2-1-829-B-R. 1-800-2-1-829-B-R. 1-800-2-1-829-B-R. 1-800-2-1-829-B-R. 1-800-2-1-829-B-R. 1-800-2-1-829-B-R. 1-800-2-1-829-B-R. 1-800-2-1-829-B-R. 1-800-2-1-829-B-R. 1-800-2-1-829-B-R. 1-800-2-1-829-B-R. 1-800-2-1-829-B-R. 1-800-2-1-829-B-R. 1-800-2-1-829-B-R. 1-800-2-1-829-B-R. 1-800-2-1-829-B-R. 1-800-2-1-829-B-R. 1-800-2-1-829-B-R. 1-800-2-1-829-B-R. 1-800-2-1-829-B-R. 1-800-2-1-829-B-R. 1-800-2-1-829-B-R. 1-800-2-1-829-B-R. 1-800-2-1-829-B-R. 1-800-2-1-829-B-R. 1-800-2-1-829-B-R. 1-800-2-1-829-B-R. 1-800-2-1-829-B-R. 1-800-2-1-829-B-R. 1-800-2-1-829-B-R. 1-800-2-1-829-B-R. 1-800-2-1-829-B-R. 1-800-2-1-829-B-R. 1-800-2-1-829-B-R. 1-800-2-1-829-B-R. 1-800-2-1-829-B-R. 1-800-2-1-829-B-R. 1-800-2-1-829-B-R.