Again, welcome to Ye-Mer. Now, all is redness? Because I'm just amateurs in the distant city! Because all us redness practices, those boots Now I'm by a young girl in the worries me My head has turned to a new winter That there are double-eyed What a deal, ain't got no wheels And in such a life so wide And it is not to keep in winter I see it, we're all alone in the house I can't wait for that I got to think When you see me if it is I'm doing too back a winter, man All us redness, sir, love it's it Because I'm just ain't good unless it's family For you sure because all us redness practices Now it's a girl in the worries me I just got me a farm with horses She can't get a thousand days A poor baffer that I adore Which I are better to get than thisôt your window with as a young transmitter And with rehab, I can climb out My neck is red full due to my son All us redness, share, love it's it Cause they're just ain't in a dream Unless it's family Because all us redness practices A sister is the one over there with the dirty Every human is our new Those guys are nice and cute So, like the way my day is watching me I'm sorry I'm sorry You don't take that clip from the end of that That's America for you baby We got a land of two nations or a nation of two lands We got the redness That was the most important pull I think they showed all the whole campaign so far Seeing it in about an hour ago I'll depending on what kind of music you like and they divided in three categories rock and roll Carrie 50 to 46 was had four points among those who like rock and roll He was had by three points among those who prefer classical music And, country music man no contest both is like eight million points ahead Maybe not eight million, release that money I think we're like divide the country right down the middle All I'm red next one may not be on the middle like geographically Think about 10 states and stick all you Bible, something right wing No sticking bands you're playing In Montana North Carolina North Dakota South Dakota Idaho Nebraska Indiana, that'd be good. That's a really horrible place. There we're in Indiana Don't Let me ask you this. Are we doing I probably should ask the route to get go are we doing both breaks? No, just no, just the an error already played all our spots in the first hour All the spots in the first hour just to have But we'll make it happen. We can take a last break. We can make it happen. Let's play that five or six times dialogue my Chicago little. No, take us up to about 158 Curtis Stevenson for the man dog is on his way to New York with your best friend He was called personal buddy. He did the a jets smashing of the dolphins tonight I don't know to be really ugly and I know the papy's lost yesterday Well, guess what soon or later they were going to get their ass swamp and they did I pretty decent team. He just didn't show up yesterday the papy itself And he lost again big deal. There's still six and one last time I checked which is the dolphin record just kind of like switched ass around right? Yeah, same numbers just to answer So anyway, we got pretty Stevenson for my dog then and four we got to big because the hump right guess is still I was way back from Texas If they let a big fat dude like Hank out of Texas and not sure but anyway he's on his way back to be back tomorrow And then we got to talk them to have to kick off hours and hours of commercials Now is guilty still I think Oh He's not Get out of town. Yelp is a been banished from the dolphin town sound to kick off the 85 hours. Who does that? Big open He got out of here. What are you talking about? It's big open. I'm gonna kick off his big open No, no way Okay, he's still not what he's gonna be on from four o'clock till nine Well, better five hours of the big you got to be crazy man. He's not that rock solid Go leave us two means games Go leave us the kings game. Hey, that's a nice victory too. I'm Friday from North Carolina for a little girls team. Boy, that was brutal That was unbelievable just getting a's got there right the ass and by a little tiny little girls team of the blind Very sad So anyway, that's what we got on the agenda now. We're gonna take us and calls because we don't serve to show officials to love it or fuck You want to take up a call Yeah, I want to And I'm gonna be able to hold on to eleven or five. We're gonna take calls all day today because it's the day before election day And we want to give everyone a good effect. We don't have C-span in house. You know it got to be good So they could listen to all the intellectual collection day hello. Video. Yes sir I don't know if I have to hear Howard and David that were the dolphin boats. You're doing broadcasting in love with the other team Yeah, that's true good point Okay, yeah, how is it going to be doing the jet game? I mean the dolphins game tonight I bet your whole family's gonna be up there painted green and white, you know, they probably each sheek is like that don't one green one white When you think That is much fun though. We don't have him to kick around any more in let's get him on a lot more often fill them into fillin Why When you laugh in about he could have been on today. That's right. He's also on the way to the circle with the mandal. You're probably there right now You're ready for that debacle tonight. That is going to be really grotesque. How about those packers by the way? Well, call off the election. I'll just go do his make a lot of money for lawyers. They're going to be all these challenges. The good thing it'll hire so far although they're appearing in obviously, but in Ohio be Court said no you can't the all you Republicans up there. You can't put all these So-called observers in the polling places to try to block and intimidate anybody darker than like light brown anybody darker than light mocha Will be a thrown out. Well, that's not going to happen in Ohio as of now And as of this morning, huh? They'll try as of this morning. Carried was like the last pull four points ahead in Ohio two points ahead in Florida, which is shocking and Nationwide even a gallop in their final pull before the election the gallop full shows bush 49 carry 49 and later is got a pair What an idiot. And I'm got to be in there to screw it all up again. The ego the size of the universe Ralph later I still say like break both his legs with a baseball bat. Be good. So that time WQA and hello WQA and hello QAM Hello, I'm running for. WQAM hello. Hey, anyone else is going. Okay And so Fahrenheit over the weekend for the first time to the first time what you've been waiting for I've been real busy man, but got it was almost compelling to never seen I was going my wife and she just had to hear the right the whole time Yeah, especially at the towards the end of the movie when the mother was in front of the White House just trying to agree for son Yeah, and I want Lady comes by just feels doing hatred You know, this is a set up this is a set up. I mean my wife says she didn't know how to that maybe they just beat on the other one Yeah, she's just kicked her ass right there Yeah, but I don't see that. My wife was like surprised at how the footage of Michael Moore had You don't see that on the news. That's what it was. No kid exactly. You know, it's a it's not convenient I'm not sure that kind of thing because rather suffering all the kids being murdered You know the soldiers all that type of thing is not convenient. Henry did marines over the weekend by the And also the What you call it the 660 minute had a thing that's kind of about how the soldiers are you know short on arms They short on protection yeah, and tonight on the I am speech channel I don't know if you've heard about it channel 550 on the right TV you better tell them. Yeah, they're gonna have First of all you to clock a Documentary on the built-in and war room how George the step an office Well, were able to you know keep Peace while they were here and keep away from attacks But the good thing is gonna be a 915 tonight They're gonna show something called Patriots pay which is a documentary on all of the soldiers and Iraq telling about how they don't have any kind of protection Provided by Halibur and Halibur and it has a way of giving them a suit which is a full body chain mail suit Which protecting from snipers which is one of the biggest troubles over there for the food of the ship And then they're keeping it for themselves Yeah, so me tonight and also the house soldiers aren't getting any kind of toiletries They don't get toilet paper from Taliban and they don't get toothpaste toothbrushes. They have to have their families from the United States By through Canada because it's cheaper that we have a ship to them because I feel the way they can have that kind of thing Love me. Thank you. I'm taking care of those troops man Of course anybody who criticizes anything having to do with the war and ain't support in our troops you understand that Yes, no, I'm right and by the way, it was really Julie Annie son of an asian issue a few days ago that it was our troops Responsible for all those missing explosives in Iraq exactly. You know that's kind of an extended blame on them while they're over there That's your afternoon read because this is the administration that doesn't the buck stop someplace else that's tomato. Have a great day Paligud job. Take care. We watch in the night. Thank you. You know, it's interesting. Always talking hit panels You know Larry King your close friend. He had Lindsey Graham money Redbot Graham, of course, was doing a fine job as usual. I saw Bobby boy and Lindsey Graham was on there along with Bill Sapphire who's still spot in white wing cramp But Lindsey Graham I'm interested in Friday, but it bears much again because I can't stop thinking about this He's about the only one and he didn't really do it. He did it inadvertently Because he can't he because he's a drooling right wing redneck from South Carolina who definitely ought to be in North Dakota I'll stop here long as good enough for now and He said that this whole business with a terrorism in the attack on I love him This is about religious fanaticism. That's what we're fighting and you know what he is Right, but not just Islamic religious fanaticism if I see it in a distance They shoot about 80 times over the weekend to do the one you see it No, about the religion all these religious nuts. It's just scary thing, man All you crazy crazy bastards Well, the Bible says So that's really what it's all about work against it. We're gonna Look at this nuts on all sides and of course the orthodox Jews that a neat little beanies there were you know Oh, but you subit crazy Oh, I clogged you know subit and rare that orthodox Jews, you know the ones who are for bush anyway 1056 I don't want to let you start doing a show now until I've to the break right because we're not gonna do that no more Right, we have an official start to let me know all this their left behind That's our modern now. That's a new program. We spent 48 billion dollars for it. Heard easily read no listening left behind You know, at the end of the month, and now's the time to save like never before it Armstrong for home Said in fact it's the beginning of a new month and there's still a good great deals. How do you like that fat boy? At Armstrong for they must clear out all remaining workforce to make room for the Ophines We'll save like never before on an all remaining workforce in stock ready for a meet delivery and all the Ophines are in and ready to rule right up Plus for a limited time get 0% financing on any of the following Explorers escapes focuses torreses and mustangs is Certain restrictions apply the lots of Armstrong for the homestead are jammed with moral funds arriving each and every day They're cutting prices like crazy right now to save you a lot of cash Armstrong for it offers even more van you to a customer because when you buy or for their Who get their exclusive tires and batteries for life program which haven't hung you for a long time and you continue to hear correct tires and Batteries for life so if you've ever wanted a new car, but you've been putting it off weight no more Baby rich in the staff at Armstrong for the homestead will guarantee you the best price and don't forget Armstrong for the homestead locally on the not-where to the health treated is like family You'll get better deal on a Ford anywhere in town no bait and switch no phone in deals just on Beatable prices like I said on beatable prices at Armstrong for the homestead You'll find a material 725 South toxie highway 20 minutes south to be 36 check them on the web if you're like an Armstrong cards Come in drive a little and save thousands on that new forward at Armstrong for the homestead Know that the Lord even loves you Rogers People up her dress and she showed them her ripples and laces and white bucked We got cheap stay she was learning a new way to bring up her children So they would not spit while the boys in the barnyard were shoveling Reptius and later from yesterday's hunt while the girl in the man who was robbing her eyes at the Fairload down by the dock in a black-up man with a size of all-home in the country with a big fence Out front if he asked her phone like they she showed him her little bet-dove who was subject to this and Maybe she'd let him grab all over small tender and with the movement so quick and then she'd been over in So I miss candy so tasty made a father sky and then he spread with cream all over her cookies That she had left out on her shelf if you think this is dirty you can go yourself 1103 at five sixty w q a m happy Monday baby November one this is it By the way my birthday is this right in November sure felt really a lot older 52 Jesus God almighty is that older one What? Wow November five so for my birthday even if you don't like to read all go on vote for my anyway Okay, that's your birthday present to me and don't be intimidated Okay, if you have anyone those dark folks are one of them be in her folks or anybody who doesn't look quite like you know a little if you're a little off So let them a screw with you. I just have to laugh at all these are right when you're dishing my guy No, how this morning or their hot shot attorneys? Wow, we're we're not gonna blow all these folky robots that they got stacked up all these not really alright The fact that it matter is they only want people who are gonna be able to vote if they're for them anybody else forget about it the country music crowd Then the country music crowd is exactly correct the nose picking cupking music Dolly part and squeeze and crowd. That's it not to me. You ever noticed how I've talked about this many many a time and having worked in Nashville for two long months back in 1980 What? Like 10 years oh what a horrible place. Tell me well, I see Nashville Tennessee. I kind of get had to get there I'll there And anyway, they're like not like real people their mugwums. They're born in a gigantic caves These enormous dinosaur eggs hatch and that's where they come from And just like not real people, but then he write that that's the crowd the nose picking country music crowd The Toby Keith crowd the born again Bible thumb and crowd the Jerry Falwell crowd the Pat Robertson crowd Which I'll present if they said oh don't worry about casual. He's there aren't gonna be any American casualies So basically what Karen Hughes and the others are doing now saying Pat Robertson this great man of the cloth is They're freaking liar because we know that I'll present it would never lie to you and he certainly would have been never so And I mean what do you expect from a person who has to be coach during a debate who has to be coach when he's holding a meeting with a head of another country He's maybe don't even understand and doesn't know where the country is on the map Is that is that what you people want to do is vote for a bozo who's even better than you are to make you feel better about yourself I guess that must be part of the American psyche Let's put a real moron in there cuz then we feel really smart like Fredo, you know Scott of me what else could be excuse me? He's got a freaking radio transmitter on his back under his jacket. There is no question about that now. He's getting coached during the bait Actually I'm all in long parsing them strange looks on his face Well, straighten your unusual Okay, here's the result of the pull from I don't let me get all looked up up. What the loser did you hear that? Oh, that thing is starting to ring again back there And anyway, here's the pull from Friday other than George W. Bush, which is the obvious number one answer Who is the most dangerous American today? We have plenty a man who can't debate his opponent without being coached by a some group awesome Nazi bastard and you want to vote for that That's your idea of strong leadership Good going Miss Molly Carl wrote to 74 evildoer Donald rummese girl lying lunatic Negal dominiac 210 Ever seen him and here my gear a together not the same person Michael Powell 94 see the big drop off there Michael Paul 94 Ralph made her 88 Anthony Scalia 75. I like the way we spell that not right Rush Limbaugh 70 who's busy dittling there and kicking there on CNN case. You missed that story last week. That's his new flame Peopop and rush Jim Bush 70 our fat ass governor who might and I said still really believe he's even worse than the brother. He is the worst Paul Wolfowitz 62's got that nice look back here spit on again Paul on the column 2 Tom delay 37 and Condolisa. He's small potatoes now on a side out of mind 12 for Condolisa Here's our big-dictor late today. She ain't no Condolisa. Thank god Tara Patrick who's a porn star How much you down ask for us gonna be really pissed up and carried off about that porn stars on our website Let's see tour of Packard was born brilla a week, but you know what we can keep her on our side though Yeah, keep her on our side and just should all be other mountain and's back where they came from She was born July 25 1976 makes her like 28 last time much Sometimes credit is Brooke to a Hopkins city Jordan to a Patrick Linda Shapiro Oh They should fero and Brooke Thomas and She's got a long list of work to her credit. I'll in fever two job breakers. I wonder what that's all about Girls who Hard I can't read most of these foot bottom festival pets from the past Helpless heroin's volume three girls will bind girls. Oh, yeah, and then of course the sequel asked to ask angels Behind the scenes two behind the scenes three faceline to Vegas filthy F**kers Foot lovers only nice rack floor open wide and say ah Oh, I must have been about the devil professional one Yeah, it's a playback. Mercy Anna's revenge selects the Maxine shades of sex Tara Patrick aka filthy a horror How do you like that that's our kind of starlet there? You filthy horror you flat you are that's the one And we're not even talking about kind of leasing more all the way might as well be now it's interesting all of these right wing sluts Have you ever noticed one thing in common like what's your name lower in room man? She just she was on one of them shows over the weekend, and she doesn't show up for like two seconds Just enough not just right wing bitch. You just lies like crazy pretend she don't hear what the other people are saying and And quote or of course goes without saying and kind of leasing are any of those people married? No Do any of those people have a husband a boyfriend of they ever seen a Wow stop a think about that I wonder if anything in common with that bulls-eye daughter of the can lynch any You know Mary Cheney who's heard gay? So let's get a lot of calls in today now here's the pull for today and it doesn't require any additions any building any embellishment and anything This is our final one of course this will be the one that tells how about those the Packers again by the way Since 1936 every time the Redskins And their file game of the before-deletion when they won the income of one every time they lost the income it lost So the fact of Redskins got their asking bug green ray right there and walked in yesterday is not a good sign for the bushmaster And the fact that these late polls seem to be swinging over to her carry. So I got some real interesting stuff from these on me Pull about cell phone people Which is the first time ever seen any stats on this you know What cell phone like voting? Yeah If you're a professor the boys stick the phone up your ass if you're for carry fast one Yeah, cell phone voting. No the people that don't have listed phones that don't use in other words They use their cell phone as their primary phone bozo all right like keep those people though Those people don't you open a pose because they're not you can't find them because those cell phone numbers ain't listed Try it guy. So I got a fool on that which is pretty damn interesting carry this to Volos virtual way in that category. So now here's the poll for today and I will get the Zidian calls between now and two because we want to like really show our ass I mean show the world That Florida's in favor on here all your voting stories and all of these things which of these applies to you Already voted for Bush already voted for carry already voted for Nader Will vote for Bush will vote for carry will vote for Nader World vote can't vote still don't give a Schmidt or under sided I think if that doesn't cover all the bases. I have no idea what does right? Right already voted for Bush or for carry or for Nader will vote for Bush or for carry or for Nader I won't vote can't vote which means like poor little George who's his on vacation today and have me back tomorrow He's taken like one day the time kind of spastic Because he sure a lot of mislection day and I'm sure he got a lot of miswins day when we're sitting here Whatever we're doing Still don't give a Schmidt or under sided those are the things that are full today Okay, we'll take the first of 45 thousand calls when we come back My God your breasts are beautiful So in other words 36 already voted for carry and one already voted for Bush Thank God, they're a little slow on the uptake them right when you're stuck goodness and listen by the way If you were thinking about voting for Bush and have voted already Maybe you just want to forget about it. We'll be a really good idea Peggy says first I'd like to thank you for playing put the most in the basket for my son Friday. May it is day I have three sons and all about one listen faithfully. What about the other one? Peggy You have the spot that's in Howard Neill and Sports all day that doesn't seem to make sense How typical a QAM Well, we don't we don't make a lot of sense just wait is let's say Mike says here's my email the Republicans one last try to get them to see the light And here it is. Oh, this is too long Pop up up up up up up up up up up up just too long a thanks a lot though Mike good effort just goes on and on forever 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on well I just did to time we'll have at the 60 minutes peace lifestyle if you go on CBS dot com Or just look up their 60 minutes click on 60 minutes on the website on the CBS deal The whole story is on there from what they had on last night two weeks ago a group of army Reservist in Iraq refused the director order to go on a dangerous operation to resupply another unit with Jim fuel without helicopter gunships to escort them over a treacherous stretch or highway And lacking armored vehicles soldiers from the 743 core master company called today suicide mission The army called an isolated incident they temporary break down and discipline and investigations underway But the 343 isn't the first out that the people in the harm's way without proper equipment and commanders in Iraq Knowledge that the units concerns were legitimate even if there really was not With a $400 billion defense budget you might think you have troops everything needs funds of war But that is not always the case to go on the details very sad for safe tragic 10 more jet Marines over the weekend how how high does the count need to get before we finally get to you and Make you realize that your kids are being used as a human sacrifice for this lunatic and is band of neo Nazis W QA W QA Hello Yes, sir. I had the call you I am at a voting location Hollywood sitting there will be probably for the next two hours That the call you and just Relived this scene. It's pretty crazy here. Okay, we've got Stichrow girls walking around with the bush Jamie's hunting We get open politics going on around here. People just a lot of these Attachounders come here to urge people to vote against them in before and Actually challenge what the guy is because he was from Montana happy I said what business do you have been here? Challenge something in Broward Bay But it's really kind of nuts because you got like 600 people online and then you have basically campaigning going on What people are online? It's not wages it should be stopped if you want to get the heat There are lawyers you're all over the place because nothing much they can do that for law But you begin the lines are out the door and around the corner and you've got every which way every Potters in person policyking Favorite of their position. Well, here's my wife anybody whose kind of situation like that if somebody's trying to muscle you and they give you a solid advance While you're waiting there exercise your constitutional right to vote just shift in in the leg. Yeah, that's a good idea But it's pretty crazy and I just wanted to give you the eye with a support of anybody's driving on Hollywood Boulevard Passing the courthouse and you're listing in the old right now. I give a big comment and think about serious Why you have these out there lay on them? Okay, do they go pal thanks? How do you like that? There are Muslim people see that's how desperate they are because they know they're gonna lose the bush people So and it's not gonna be close enough that they can fix the count after the fact in the course of rank list I went home instead of back to work today because he'd be ill and he's on a way out So who now knows what's gonna happen then? They can't count on the supreme sitting more than a Rossy's busy and rehab So they can't count on her or rank list. So what do they do now and Karen's token Thomas? He's busy because the ship and just came in over to weekend So they're not gonna be able to fall off the same scan they did four years ago So now the best they can do is like work over time heavy duty hundreds of thousands of freaking lawyers to make damn sure that people That they don't like aren't gonna be able to vote In fact, maybe they'll shoot you in the leg if you don't pull it right away. It's possible twist your arm a little bit inside don't do it WQAM hello Yes, man, this is my life The long set This is our listen to part of Ross and our schnitz last week and they said sorry They said about the green band watch you some games. Yeah Yeah, they said it was to win the Republicans the win if green bay wins and Democrats the win Well, I checked the score and I lost a good part of that game. We may kick their ass They take but right They kick but we'll find out so we'll find out what the third Yeah, third January Yeah, so 7. Okay, do a good job sweetheart. Good new phone. Yeah, if anybody reading beliefs Unless of course it's like how this morning? Let's see. I want to make sure I get this right They showed Bush ed and Pennsylvania, which I don't believe that. I don't care what the poll says I still believe carries it in one Pennsylvania, but they show it course you always believe whatever Everyone pulls agree with your opinion, right? Right I do believe that new one on floor to the chose carry two points ahead. I do believe that And if there are two different polls taken over the weekend The Zagme full and Wisconsin shows carry with the eight point in Wisconsin the fully were shown They were counting on CNN, which must be gallop again. They show Bush and had by a points in Wisconsin Now all you cheese heads up there. How's that possible all day? We do have a lot of Nazis Wisconsin love them beer Guys, let's German you know what I'm talking about that crowd right Need to have love them so we'll see you shows up in Wisconsin How about that that panther that hurricane game? It's one of my two not a few times just rub it in see they've been they've been playing they've been flirting with disaster for too long They've been on a verge pulling games out against like little girls teams that read through acid and this time It didn't work out quite so well Which isn't a big deal except for the fact that you know in South Florida if your team loses one game? Screw them we're not gonna show up for that The building that houses the state division of elections was evacuated early today because of a suspicious package I'll I've received a lot of suspicious packages in my time and sometimes the United States of which you thought they were Firefighters in law enforcement agents ordered several employees out of the building before eight of Plac this morning after the packages reported said all the FRIG spokesman for the Department of State which oversees four of his elections For I've said few people in the building because it was too early no other details I've been checking the Sunset election and that for like last couple of hours. I don't see you no more So I guess everybody there is still alive and talk about our real piece of crap Talk about some of that talks on every side of his mouth and even occasionally blows a few out of his left home ass Boston Red Sox pitcher Kurt Shulley This is the same board again Kurt Shulley who certainly would never lie to you he said over the weekend He says only never should open up a mouth and never should have been in Voice support for Bush you should keep it separate and he wasn't able to be able to jump to support the person because he has bad ankle And if the series were to continue to wouldn't have been able to pitch on Sunday. I'll the Southern Cran But surprise Red Sox pitcher Kurt Shulley made a surprise appearance this morning with El President and say Lempings to the stage in Wilmington, Ohio To give Bush a strong endorsement and it means time John Henry who we like a lot better than we used to He had a red Sox in Dorst Carey negatedly present him with a world series T-shirt I must be crazy. I must be not that's the guy. Turn a little old for me John Henry Well, all of a sudden we deemed himself in my eye a little bit maybe. Yeah, my brown eye Showing one game to the world series game six of the American League championship series with his ankle Stitched to protect the torn sheath around attended he's got a torn sheath He was expected to undergo surgery this week had canceled on a pair of swed bush on a Friday But this morning he wore a protective boot over the ankle as he and his wife made their way to the stage inside an airplane hanger The ace pitcher said Bush was a commander and see people in short troops have everything They need to get the job that would just got to tell you 60 minute showy last night They're not kidding everything they need but nevertheless Kurt Shulley says they will so not sleep a lot better Well, he says he says he's a leader who believes in their mission and honors their service A leader was the courage in the character to stay on the offense against terrorism until the war is won Bush did next to him And they embraced afterward and it was a little bit of tongue action scene as well And we're more hesitant that she'll even finally radio transmitter in the president's back Just a rumor. I mean how come the media haven't made a hell of a lot more about that? Remember the story of Josh that I read last week about the fact that the media is like everything he gets a free pass on What about the all the other scandals that are going on? What about Babu Garra that we don't hear another word about where everybody else was a scapegoat what about Valerie playing the outing of the CIA He has his as a shot in the head for a Joseph Wilson little playback Not to mention of course Halibut and I heard a little bit about the FBI investigation and then I was young that Just amazing you talk about the Teflon president and then they had to go to turn around the right wingers and say oh Well, the media have made carry to a child. You're that's why so close because right 26 past 11 at five 60 W to Q a M you know IRS tax problems have way of ruining all aspects of your life They take a tool on you financially physically and emotionally You can never really forget about your IRS problems. They come back every day when you wake up and it's called sweat CP aging you book well in the book wall tax firm will help in your IRS problems forever and give you back piece of mind That's why other top CPA law firms are further clients to the book wall tax firm when they have IRS problems I'm not a boy potential criminal prosecution here all on file tax returns prepared even if you lost out your records Suppose you have an IRS lean awaits levy. O payroll taxes and penalties Maybe you want to settle for thousands less than the or need time to pay whatever the deal is The book wall tax firm can help you they offer financial consultation affordable guarantee fees and immediate relief from IRS Arrestment and best of all you never even have to meet with the IRS the book wall tax from handles all meetings and discussions You mean have to be there call in today nine five four five seven five Twenty eight hundred and your choice out of that pickle nine five four five seven five twenty eight hundred Whether you're ten thousand a million an IRS taxes the book wall tax firm can help you out call them today for that free consultation or visit him on the Web at IRS freedom dot com and stop worrying about the IRS not connect your front door Maybe not gonna down call them today nine five four five seven five twenty eight hundred You Absolutely Good by sempre silly board расria what we can kind of luckywill from jaman Well one stop back in test Jose are six of the emp Yep, okay hard I don't think I can imagine we had enough bullet chance lost by you. You've never spoken as from your arms. Now, rather than swore in a sound, something gets the hell out of the house. You're not welcoming the father. If it's a honor, have you had him? We wouldn't have dealt with the cheating state. Out as what this hell seems to be to get all the time, it loses a little bit bit or fight something else between us. There's the final bullet by CNN Gallup, a right wing 49-49-2% for NATO. All those NATO people, man. They've got a life, get a brain, okay? Like I said, they're just like he is stubborn and foolish and idiotic. Anyway, here's the appulso far now. Is there something wrong on that pull of drossy? You're looking at it? No, what do you mean? Where it says can't go at one foot, but there's like two ones underneath it there, like, I don't know what that like is. You don't see that? No. Do you have that? No. Go tell me it's me again. I saw that movie gaslight, okay? You ain't no Charles Boy A. It must be me, then, huh? I'm refreshing it, it's still under words. This can't vote one vote. It comes up like there's one and another one underneath it next to nothing. You don't see that? Yeah, I just refreshed. Yeah, I don't know. And what is that? Well, I have to get those off there. Mr. Computer, was you? I don't know, it's not on the admin like that. It's one of those mysteries, I guess. I see. 268 votes. And how about 10 minutes we put the pull up? Miguel, got 1115? Okay. Where did we do it before? Well, about 10 after. Yeah, we already got almost 300 votes. Which applies to you already voted for carry 116, 43.2%, will vote for carry 107, 59.9%, that's 83.1%. Shocking. Will vote for Bush 15, already voted for Bush it doesn't, that's 9.9%. Still, I'll give it Schmidt 7, 10. Vote fine, won't vote for, underside it none. Will vote for Nathan, not ready, vote for Nathan, not good. Nobody wait, nobody wait. We don't want to be near you, we don't want to smear you. What? Nobody's voter on those ones. And one, what was it just the confused for it? So the, you know, the average age of the pull workers like 70 something, not just in Florida, but around the country. Why is an election day a holiday? They're always saying, oh, people vote, people got to get out to vote. Well, how come we make it so difficult for people to get to vote? The election day ought to be a holiday and the average age of the pull worker ought to be like 40, not 80. Okay. So that living and breathing people have something. And this fact is proof of it from whoever this is from Gary. Thank you, Gary. He says, I'm a long time less than you never called. I fact from time to time, just a brief note to let you know about the un-feely, an experience I had voted until a beat Saturday. I've never voted in Palm Beach County, always in Dayton, Browden. I hope never to do it again. There's a first time for everything I spent Saturday morning, canvassing for Kerry and Boko with the group of volunteers from the Florida's Women's Vote. After what I was determined to vote in Del Reyati, supervisor of elections building on Congress between Atlantic and Linton Boulevard, I expected about a three hour wait. My girlfriend voted early when we can vote. We waited about two and a half hours to vote. I got there around 245. The line was long, wound around the building outside. I was with all kinds of people who either wanted to vote or get an absentee ballot. We had plenty of time to speak with each other. The guy next to me had come all the way from London to vote. He never received his absentee ballot until compelled to be here to vote. Another woman was determined to get an absentee ballot for a son of Philadelphia. Long story, we stood online for seven hours, not voting turned nearly 10 o'clock that night. Seven hours. The entire time you thought we were in a third world country. I don't think they waited that long and I've gannest than. How could this be? Nobody came out to tell us what the way it would be. When we finally got to vote, we found there were about 12 machines. The real hold of us. They had only two computer screens to look up on the U.S. Registrate voter or not. Then they were maybe processing 40 to 50 people for our with hundreds and thousands online. It was going to be an all day affair. The fact that poll workers were also pretty old. Oh, he didn't help matters. I wish there was somebody to complain to, but I'm sure it's a wasted time. Thank God Theresa, meaning to resell up for that miserable cock-eyed bitch, is on her way out. Yeah. Let's send her to Alkaka, and be as a place for a roll, okay? Stick her when they were law and explosives. Adam the Maggio Leicard says one outstanding person on one's ground up in the past, two three which times the Electoral College was going to lost the popular vote. Neither one one reelection, Benjamin Harrison and Rutherford B. Hayes, perhaps the American people aren't so dumb after all. It says, yeah, we're all with no one to hope so. I'm so so Adam, you're self-agranding, I'm realizing love to argue. You know Adam? Yeah. Huh? No, I don't know Adam. Good. You think this is a stupid star? 560, let's get 45,000 votes are a call zone between now and now. What do you say? Say yeah? WQAM Hello. Hey, how are you doing? Pretty good. Now you want to hear our own self-law over the weekend, Warrior? No. Okay. How was your, all over the weekend? Okay. Got to hear it differently. Channel 10, Saturday night showed the, well actually, please, 30 game was the Florida State Game, okay? So the Florida State Game ended at 720. You don't, you don't mean to gain the tail loss video, that one? Yeah, that one. So now they pop on the National Game, which was the Michigan Michigan State Game. Oh, please. Okay. So, you can't get the questions about the, you know, the, you know, the, you know, the, you know, the, you know, the, you know, the, the, the, the regulation of the first ever time. And they go, we now are up this program to show you, to stolen honor, if that's the clear broadcast thing thing. What? They interrupted the Michigan Michigan State Game on Channel 10 to put pop on, to stolen honor. You'll hear, you're here to tell me in Miami. In Miami, Channel 10. What's all was it doing on there? I said, well, obviously they stayed for a time. They, these guys, and it was actually one of one of Clark in the morning again. Oh, my God. They brought these guys actually brought time besides the sink layer thing, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just thing on around the country. At least in this lane today, sending. Unbelievable. Now, what are the things? Do you know, we stick every one of these people who talk about brochure, to send bush, or all religious free kids, every one of them. Yeah. Yeah. And co-ther, they've got a broad, you know, from the, you want to, the triple R Republicans, religious free and redneck smith. I'm telling you, every with John O'Neill, every one of these people, you guys who they have can one question, are you religious free? Every one of them. Well, take a look at the, look at the red states. I've been telling that for a long time, that's where it's said, it's redneckville. But supposedly like the encounter, not on the blind board that you were talking about, or the, or the, or the, or the, or the, or the, or the, or the, or the, or the, or the, or the, or the, or the, or the, or the, or the, or the, or the, or the, or the, or the, people, you know, they're not, uh, red state. But they still are going to that choice for president among people living there or starbots, carry 53, bush 43, or one. Let's fill a whole bunch more starbots before Margot had them, sir. Uh, no, but you can, you'll get the more calls on this channel. Have you lived near a Walmart bush 53, carry 41, later one. This isn't, these are the kind of polls they're taking. Well, they say religious is 80, 20. It is, it's, it's 80% bush 20% care. Yeah, it's not a racist, but a one more, a racist and trader trash. Uh, it's unbelievable. Meal. Good luck, Sally. Good luck. See you the victory for a. Bye bye. All right. You're the, see the victory, traitor in the ovens, one of the other. Let's see. Mike says you're a smart man. You must have the media full questions. I would lead to a favorite because he lost all of your public. Oh, geez. My, what is shame. I'll be a better for our church, man. Have the same color. Yeah, who the hell cares? Who the hell, I hope you'll be taking calls on Wednesday. Yes, we will be taking calls on Wednesday. My, because if this is a guest, oh, but we know Bush is going to win. Let's see what you have to say then. You know what I'm going to say if Bush wins? Oh, my God. That's what I'm going to say. I'm going to say, how's it going? And we're having dinner last night. Me and two friends that I look a restaurant here in Toronto. And it was a Canadian, uh, to a couple and a friend of ours. People in their mid-foot fees. And then we're talking loudly enough. You couldn't miss the conversation. And it was exactly what almost everybody hearing Canada knows. And everybody's civilized country around the rest of the world knows. But for some reason, half of America just can't seem to grasp on everything they said was right on target. Including how many stupid uneducated people are on the US of a, we haven't got any idea where Iraq is even on a map. They couldn't find it with both hands up their hands. Let's see, here's the, the most chronic facts of almost ask you. Favorite we showed them are, please screen calls tomorrow. Uh, but with the 2000 lesson for you, I asked all the colors who were telling the people about the, uh, to do a voted wrong, blah, blah, blah, blah. Um, oh, it says with the way you handle calls now, we won't get the point. That's a good idea. Josh. Huh? We go. Yeah. There will be a lot of crackdown on a mark. Democrats are calling you okay? That's a very good idea from our most, uh, chronic facts are all, but he's got a good idea. We will be screening calls when she, because I remember last time in 2000, that woman called from Palm Beach, who said, oh, gee, I think I just loaded from Pat Buchanan. Remember that? Well, we're going to begin some more of that crap tomorrow, including some dark folks who are going to be telling us that they got dragged away in chains. You, you'll see. Just keep yourself on handy. 19 till noon at five, 60 W QAA, it's always a great time to call this number. 1800, Matt. Fris, not even better time because dial a mattress is slicing prices on certain matrices. Call 1 800 mattress right now. Save it additional 20% off their super low factory devices on top. Call it a certain perfect flavors only. It's aliam at first. When you call 1 800 mattress, it's only at aliam at first. When you call 1 800 mattress, you'll get saved. It'll ever go across town. And you picked it at the top or delivered to fit your schedule. And that's where I went away. It's convenient for you. Valiam at first is mighty proud and oddabied. That on time 99% record. Aliam at first rank number one at customer satisfaction. There were winners of the 2004 Better Business Bureau, local for its excellence award. All the smart folks in some of the dollars even are smart enough to call 1 800 mattress instead of wasting their time and money. And those better than departments, yours you ought to be doing the same. If you have an e-today for new betting, go put it off another minute. You'll have a great night sleep tonight. I'm a sort of perfect sleeper and for years to come from dial a mattress. You can check them on the wicked web at mattress.com. And then make that easy call I have been doing for years. 1 800 mattress 1 800 mA TTR E.A. You're the one who's been to the middle, right here. Let's go to the last time. 1 800 mA TTR E.A. I'm not sure if I can ever sit on it. I'm not worried about it some of it. It's kind of one of those exaggerations. Of course you worry about it some of it. One hundred or some of it. We're using every asset at a disposal to get it some of it in line. I don't know where it is. No, I just don't spend on the time on. It would be honest with you. And I don't know where it is. I, I, I, I repeat what I said. I truly love that I've been concerned about him. It's not a guy who's exactly my short, but any yet. Daddy, you're a loser. I went back home in my camp. I thought, Mommy, she's gonna new... ...your food... I was born with older ass condemned man. That was a woman's hands and woman. Why don't you get a job? Daddy's not here. I'm dropping out of high school. Daddy, I'm pregnant. I don't know who the father of human makeup. Ask the change they've got. I drove the climb to a tree. Can you just send me some scissor? Hey, how about adults with a bright and broad? You should change the main today. Daddy, I'm getting married again. Dad, that's my ass. I think I have a sibling. I have to be what I'm thinking. And I sit on my shoes. I've got to get out of the car but I'm always. Hey, pop, we're moving in. Dad, I have to move. I'm a lesbian. That could be my chania recording that song. It's a bad bull-dike daughter of the rise president and his lovely self-hating wife. It's 1149, 11 to Luna, a few. I know I forget, first day in St. Fredamad, I was on a way to a middle lands new joysie for nights. And then before a clock we got the big hours and hours because he is really hot solid. They come to think about that. That's what we don't like guilty, no more. We don't like too much guilty. I used to be doing all that stuff. And he used to read that. He used to be used to. He's been banned from that. And he's been assigned to the hurricane and losing. Well, I've done that too much difference now. Anyway, the electrical vote predicted that we got on there. And we're going to see the latest polls. May I wish we were over this last weekend. They did not October 31 and in other words yesterday. Carry 298 bush 231. And as of again, all the planning I want to be believe is as of this one. Carry 48 bush 47% in Florida. I mean, tighter than a which is but. Minnesota though, which was real close. Carry open up a 5.0 lead there. Iowa, carry six point out in corner this. I'm going to show it on CNN, which they like to show all of Paul's were bushes ahead. Because they're in bed with the right wingers. That poll shows an 8 point lead for bush in Wisconsin. This one shows carry 51 bush 44. Michigan 7.0 now for carry were supposedly Detroit news, which is a right wing rag. Had bush and Michigan, I'll never believe that. Maybe they're going to keep all in Darfur, someone. That's what they said. That's surprised that vote in Detroit. Ohio. What you're getting the Gallup people are telling us that bushes five points in there. This poll shows carry 50% in bush 46. You following that? New Mexico tied that even 49 a piece Colorado bush 48 carry 47. That is tighter also. So 2.98 231 and speaking of numbers that told I had about all the depending on the kind of music you like who your favorite politically. Right. The country music number 64% for bush 31% for carry. You know, this is all coming from it's coming from them red states. Then Yahoo states then nose picking tobacco chewing. Sister banging. Red mix. Let's see. Here's a facts from Frank who says two things are never mentioned when speaking about how a burden is. I understand it. Number one, they're a contractor. What they do is take a check from the government. They're not there. They're not there. But then some contract out the actual work of other smaller companies. What this means is that the government could save a whole lot of money by doing some of their own contracting and two. And the movie for a night 9 11 Michael more in a reason soldier would discuss in the fact that they said it in contact is we're getting paid five times as much as the soldiers doing the same jobs. If the government can pay contractors these outrageous sums, why not offer to volunteer on forces which in itself would create interest in the military because the vice president has no interest in the public leave. He believes in evolution. You know he can't alienate the religious right. But we don't want to be put in the spot. You have to crank up that radio transmit again. Jay Lyon says could you please play the girl in the cinema. Oh God, you are beyond crime. 28,000 calls in the next statement and what do you say? Real short ones. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the air. What is it? Verizon singular wireless lines. Line 9, QA and hello. Hi, Neil. Yes sir. I was watching the talking head shows over the weekend. And they were both talking about this thing that supposedly carry headset and interview back in 2002. That he supported for sending the Afghan warlords against the Osama bin Laden. Yeah. Well this morning on media matters. Or they have to actually transcript that. And it says nothing like that. It was a guy. It was a caller that asked him about using flame throwers. They have the entire conversation. But hey, man. It has the entire conversation there. It's not for me to do that all the time. Just like his business about passing a global test. And he's carried as many as many times. That was from the first debate. They took that out of context and they keep using that old war. Because basically the only thing you notice Bush talks about is the eighty seven million dollars. First he was forward and it was against that. And then plus the fact that he's a bad man. And he can't be trusted. And he's going to be weak on terror. That's only talks about he can't tell anything on his own record because an air base single area from the economy to the environment of foreign policy. To foreign relations with every country in the world. He's failed. He's got an F grade at every other issue. So all that can do is do personal attacks. But it was like Chris Wallace and Tim Rutter were reading the Republican talking points about this. And ignoring what was actually said during this interview. You know, we got it. Nobody wants to rush this from Buffalo. What do you expect? Well, well it is. It's just like, you know, and anything Bush does, they approve of. And you know, they also that a soma tape was going to be a plus for Bush. Can you notice the nice pastel background? I think that Osama probably recorded that in re-order or maybe even a Hollywood and a nice studio somewhere. The pastel background on the Oprah show to me. He might have been in the West Wing of the White House. So being, I don't know, sitting right there next to the NRA people. But it didn't work out because all the polls sense that move towards care. Now, the only thing that that did is remind everybody that we really did fail in getting it. And that he still alive and well he's doing just fine. And he's getting new recruits every day by the thousands because of this Iraqi attack. And Bush, if you were to study buddies over there. Let's see, the Dow actually is up. Oh, yeah, down to 50 hours and ten set. What a bargain now is they're trying desperately to nod the Dow's up 36 in the names that come five. But you know, something it's still going to help too late. Right exactly. And the two, the boat show, I mean, a classic example of just total off-configure screen. You see, all these big huge shots are at the boat show. Yeah, I wonder who they're for. Yeah, exactly. And then there's the thing is, but those guys, you want to raise? Oh, come on, I just can't be a bill. That's right. Yeah, the pigs. Good luck, Pally. Everybody. WQA, hello. WQA, hello. QA, hello. How are you doing, sir? Pretty good. Hey, listen, I just wanted to thank you for that great link on your website. You like to follow college, just a picture. Right. I'm really good. And I just checked it about 20 minutes ago. And you're 231 for carries. Yeah, but the author of the, of the site came out and gave a little bit of background on himself on where he got the data from. And I just wanted to pass that along. Maybe you can't take a look at it. Okay. I've got some good information there on how he came up with the numbers and just wanted to pass that along. But if you go on state by state, he actually shows you if you read the tiny print there. You know, whether it was a zombie or American research, which police referring to what he'd say. So it's not like he just picked a numbers out of his book. Oh, no, no. I mean, they have a central called meat to vote, master. Right. He lives in the Netherlands. He's a computer professor. And all he does is crunch data. So he likes to go into it. And he puts it up there for a while. Maybe he can do a mushrooms. That's what he does. Okay. Thank you. Okay. Okay. Yeah. It's a great website. And it's got, say, you can go down there and see all the appoles in each state state. If you have like no life. I have no life. 1157 and 560WQA and you want to know more about following a low carb diet. You want to know about the best tasting. Biggest listed low carb foods into best price. You'll find them all in one great story. Need a light of West Booker. Well, you're starting or restarting the atkins. The sugarbusters, the statkins, the South Beach. Any of those low carb sugar free dies. The lights of West Booker has always been in continued to be the number one low carb store anywhere in South Florida. I even pick up some things in your supermarket to get about a quarter of a shelf. We often a quarter somewhere. This got about 10 low carb items on it. Forget about that. If you want a great store that's totally dedicated to you and your low carb dive. And that has people working in it who know low carb dieting inside and out. And this is the place. The lights of West Booker's got over 1200 products like carbolite ice cream, Reds, pasta, chocolate, brownies, cookies, and last more to. You're open every day, seven days away from 10 in the am till 10 pm and you'll find the lights on the northeast corner of the Laze and 441 right next to Boston Market. Call them full free. You'd like to get more information at 1-877 low carb that's LOW-WCARB or runawaybioffineabit-low carb.com. There's only one device of West Booker and its official Actions Retail Center. You're interested in these little projects and exclusively on five seconds. I am from Indiana, Russian Lightning and I like rubbing my snake ring or ass with soap made from jewels. And listening to the new rocker, I'm gonna use the hour. Hey guys, we're gonna roll! I'm dying out of here! I'm gonna take a test and on a break in the day, yeah, you could take your thing like it was 10 from Canada, so far this little ring doesn't know. I'm sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, that brandy was a cutie there with a landless horse at the end of you years but from one of the end of the bushing, we're smashing the feeless time to attach it, but nothing to spend till right since 1919. I think we're gonna roll! 1919, we're gonna roll! You know we're raya and we think they'd be the place I'm breaking, we still had some seizures and one of those there was visually and so sweet, behind and yes, she was super confident, I wonder if she survived that. 191995. 12.03.05.06. You'd say they released into something else when you're listening to this show, of course, we're literally just reading it, but in a minute, because you're monitoring. They're out listening, they're monitoring. 544 votes on a full so far. Already voted for Carrie 223. Will vote for Carrie 221. Will vote for Bush 222. Already voted for Bush 222. So if 81.5%, 2.9.8%, can't vote 19, still don't give a shmit 12, won't vote 6, on the side of 4, already voted for 23 and will vote for Nader 2. 4 more, please. Who knows 5 idiots? I guess they just like an exercise because they know it's gonna have no impact, it means nothing of them just wasting their time. Wait ten years this, to show you how desperate these people are, desperate, they must be scared and scared of death that they're gonna lose, which I think they are. Columbia South Carolina. A phony letter circulating in South Carolina is being denounced as an attempt to intimidate minority voters, the letter supposedly comes from the NAACP. It says voters who have outstanding parking tickets to refill the main child support will be arrested if they show up to vote. Got that? The Reverend Joe Derby by President the real South Carolina NAACP called it old South Carolina politics and say, doesn't think people will fall for it, but he does want investigation. Derby said he received the letter at his home in Charleston had Columbia postmarked with no return address. He said the letter was an attempt to scare minorities from voting tomorrow because the author of the message, as soon as black people are in trouble with the law. The letter also said voters must have, but wait ten years this, they also must have a credit check, provide two forms of photo ID, a social security card, a photo registration card, and a handwriting sample and two pounds of watermelon. The registered said that's untrue, what's needed is a voter registration card or a state driver license or a state issued ID card period. How do you like that? This is what kills me when they tell them about, oh yeah, well, Bush is going to double his support among blacks. How could any black person with a conscience out there, vote for a bunch of munger who want to prevent everyone from voting? This is unbelievable. Or anybody with a bench warrant for that. That's right, anybody with a parking ticket and that's just the best. Just unbelievable. How come you just sent me this to Brandy's tagging here, which I already haven't been reading? Are you a system, make sure I got it, huh? Yeah. Thanks, Josh. Yeah, thanks a lot, Josh. Let's see, C case says your website gives insight to the amendments of what about all the bond questions. I don't move them, I don't know. You know, no course not. Isn't there what about Julian Bond and what about Ward Bond? Thanks, Bond. Very Bond? Bobby Bond's he still did, you can write him in. So here's the update, okay, did he with one day to go? President Bush and Democratic Senator John Kerry are tied nationwide in a tense race for the White House, but But Kerry leaves in six of the ten battleground states accordingly where it has oddly pulls released yesterday, the last pulls. Kerry and Bush were tied at 48% in the latest 3-day national tracking pull, which included one day of pulling taken after the airing of the video tape from Osama Yamama. Kerry led Bush 47-46% on Saturday. Only 2% of voters remain on the side of his Bush and Kerry scoured about ten remaining battleground states to finally two hundred and seventy-electile votes that he could win tomorrow. Each man's consolidated his own baseball studio John's wife was said Bush has dupleds in the red states among investors and among Republicans born again Christians, men and married voters you said. Kerry has assaulted lead in the blue states and Trump's Bush among young voters, African Americans, Hispanics, overwhelming, by the way, Democrats, women, union voters and single people. Kerry leaves in Florida, Iowa, Michigan, Minnesota, Pennsylvania and Wisconsin, Bush leads in Colorado Nevada and Ohio, according to the word as I bestay pulls. The state of America was deadlocked at 49% each one day after Bush had a 9-point advantage. Most of the leads in the 10-state pulls were within the margin of error plus or minus 4.1. The biggest leads in any state were Kerry 7-point advantages in Michigan and Edward S. Johnson, while Gallup on CNN, the strategist that was caught in Bush's gun lead point lead, according to these people, voters in the Zagbe, a 7-point Kerry lead in Wisconsin. In the national poll, this is unbelievable. Bush earned a positive job performance rating from 46% of likely voters and a negative rating from 53%. Kerry had a 51% to 40% aged among newly registered voters and unprettypical groups that could be wildfired to mark a pending company as they turn out to vote. At this stage, it has been defeated 2000 Bush led Al Gore by two points in the daily tracking poll. The national poll of 127 likely voters were taken Thursday through Saturday, the rolling poll ends today. Second, when we wake up in a morning, there'll be one more. Got it? Got it. The national poll is a independent candidate Ralph Nader blamed by some Democrats from drawing a vote from Gordon and the national poll was taken from the election in 2000 with 1.2%. The polls are about 600 likely voters in each of the backgrounds states were taken Thursday through yesterday. In Colorado, Bush 48, Kerry 47 and Florida, Kerry 48, Bush 47 and Iowa, Kerry 50 to 44. In Michigan, Kerry 52 to 45, and Minnesota, Kerry 49 to 47, a New Mexico tied to 49, in Nevada, Bush led 50 to 44 in Ohio, Bush 48, Kerry 44, Pennsylvania, Kerry 50 and Bush 45. They're all over the place. So basically, all the pending O'Witch are hoping in praying and squeezing for tomorrow. You can pretty much find a poll for almost every one of these states to say, oh yeah, you're guys ahead. Now, this to me may be the most significant, because when you're starting to find people, otherwise don't show up any stupid ass polls, then it starts to study a little bit more. Pouring firms on the international partner, Rock the Vote found Massachusetts Senator John Kerry leading President Bush 55 to 40%. Among 18 to 29 year old likely voters in their first drawing, Rock the Vote, Mobile Political Poll, connected on mobile phones October 27 to 30. Neither got 1.6% for percent on the side. The poll is centered on the subscribers to the Rock the Vote, Mobile Platform, the joint initiative of Rock the Vote in Motorola, Scott and Margina Verre 1.2 per point. The poll also found that only 2.3% of 18 to 29 year old respondents said they don't find a vote, another half of 1% were cheerfully wood. The results of the survey are waited for region gender and political party. The Rock the Vote Mobile Political Polls can nothing using a sample group from Rock the Vote Mobile's 120,000 subscriber base, participants in the Rock the Vote Mobile Platform are civic engagement initiative, Longsized Marsh five Rock the Vote in Motorola, between October 27 and 30, which is I'm sure what I just got through reading like two minutes ago. The results of this text message full mirror while we're seeing in our more conventional poll-said John Zabi. Among 18 to 29 year old's Kerry leads the president by 14 points, 55 to 41 in our current daily tracking poll, virtually identical to these results. Our text message full-sing verb invalidated by this experiment, all in all I think we've broken some new ground in polling. Officials of the non-partisan Rock the Vote praise that you are never with Zabi in Motorola, the text message full-marsade of the part here from current industry standards for polling, of promises to be the first-depth or interested in the growing number of Americans who rely primarily if not solely on mobile phones. Thanks to your question Josh since you had no idea what that was. Well now I know. Now you know, see you learn something already, it's not even 1230 yet, although it will be soon and then before we know to be one third and then go home. 560, 560, 560, 1150, 1150 and singular wireless lines. 32A in hello. And who's a black man? 32A in hello. 2A in. All right. I got here at 2 o'clock. I voted at 830 last night. But listen, here's the worst thing. These Bush supporters. Who were the Sama vote for? I went across to the guy. I was like, what is your problem? I was like, is this what? You're telling that you want to hear who a Sama wants to vote for? These people are so... I came at the word for them, but that's the mentality of a big spray painted banner. W, and said WJB or whatever, who were the Sama vote for? You can't spell scum without UM. All right. Nice job. Don't tell me they've been lost that game to a little tiny girl school in North Carolina that never beaten a top 5 team. Is that really possible? Or at least what used to be a top 5 team. That's bad. Sounds like you're rooting against our boys. You're not my boys. You're going to suck along for whatever. So you will. You don't root for the hurricanes. Why? Did you go to school there? No. So why don't you like them? I've lived down here. I went to school and Michigan State that I'll even admit that today. I didn't even have to be embarrassing. Unbelievable. Oh, you were for the Patriots. Yeah. So why not? All right. You don't understand. You're a family. There you have some connection to it. Or unless maybe just taking like poison like Notre Dame. Please don't tell me like Notre Dame. No. Oh, I'm Irish. Oh, my god. The only team where they're all never cooked. To make sure they had their own damn network. The only column team is 80,000 college teams in America. But only Notre Dame's got it. So National Network. They've got to put the folks on the faces in. 1213 at five and 60 like Lindsey Graham that Drullin Yahu from South Carolina said. All the problems in the world is all about religious fanaticism. Religious nuts like that. Muslims Orthodox Jews and of course born again, phonetical Christians. And when you shout for quality, footwork, Great selection, professional surface. There's only one place you need to go. Brand the shoes in Compino Beach. That's correct. Brand these will find the biggest selection of men's and women's shoes. The best service and the best prices in town period. The first time S.A.F. Spirit, Timberland naturalizer and lots more. And people usually buy several pernits visit because you can't be for deal all the way around. Brandies is open daily Monday through Saturday from 9 to 9 every Sunday, 10 to 5. And you'll find Brandies in the same great location they've been doing it right for years and years. They're at 12.90 north federal highway and Compino Beach. It's always worth the trip to stock up for your feet. And right now is a great time to buy floor shine shoes all this week. It's because all great men's styles are 20% off the already low price. So be sure to come into Brandies this week or visit them on the wicked web at Brandieshuse.com. You're listening to Neil Rodgers. Music by the way. Thank you, David. Music by the way. Music by the way. Music by the way. Music by the way. Music by the way. Music by the way. Music by the way. Music by the way. Music by the way. Music by the way. Music by the way. Music by the way. Music by the way. Music by the way. Music by the way. Music by the way. Music by the way. Music by the way. Music by the way. Music by the way. Music by the way. Music by the way. Music by the way. Music by the way. Music by the way. Music by the way. Music by the way. Music by the way. Help the child as long as his brain is a baby Help the new human and the whole family Okay, remember when you were a happy baby You used to feed the jolly fellow The brain is just a devil There we get the job again, you're free and nothing All of you brain shows a call You're just a devil There we get the baby, the she and her family The hell is happy too, all of you From 19 at five sixty wms Speaking of gay, how about the defensive back for the patriots and number 21? What's his first name? Do you have any idea? Um, slips my mind I do Yeah, but you and I'm talking about it Yeah, I quite a really good game against the jazzed previous way But yesterday, man, he got burned so bad That they had to take him to the intensive care unit for uh, burn, sort of burn center Do you see any of that again? Yeah, he got hurt too Oh, he did also? Yeah, well, maybe that's a good element for next week Because he was really Fiman gay How did you like to be named NFL and have a last name gay? He didn't even imagine the crap that he must take Hey gay Did anyway Five six seven, oh, five hey, so they spent fidgeting on it Okay, you didn't have that note team is gonna win every week Except to course those don't been from 72 Just demand out a 30 about that after we stood up about me shingin I'd tell you right now, say you're a Spartans starting quarterback of our crews are real stud I think of what his name is what is his name drew us on the run if he went to get into the kick Michigan's ass right there in an arbor that it's a system of packing but to Q. and hello the for us sir and to the sir I was wondering if you could do a public service for me uh... last week you in George uh... well yet George run down the amendment and what the vote and not vote on and i remember for them and i don't remember yes yes yes yes no on the first three yes on the other five now the first three and yet on the other five that is correct okay thank you very much for one thing i like to say yeah can i ask you your audience after sir i'm on i am a disabled person i would that's one of the and i was wondering what's the procedure is if there is anything for uh... disabled people at the voting polls for somebody or if anybody out there in the listing audience could call back in and let us know so i can't stand and wait that line and long i mean i'm not a line would be a powerful for sure okay we'll sign up for it thank you very much in the country i would like to thank you very very much on a long time listener and i don't have a review of a very very proud i'm never leaving the last five five six seven five six the pound five dead let me say again on those eight amendments and i mean we've gotten from some doctors i was wondering for the show which i won't waste time reading you're not gonna sway me okay i'm for the victims of malpractice okay i don't care if they see you ask for eighty trillion dollars i'm so sick and tear to butcher doctors i've had so many bad and just me one person plus no lot of other people who had the same kind of experiences especially if flow right uh... we're finding a good doctor's not working for a needle in the gigantic humongous haste everybody's a doctor everybody's a doctor everybody's a doctor everybody's got a shingle up on your office okay and like i said last week i'm not crazy about lawyers in the middle of the street in most lawyers don't kill anybody most lawyers don't advocate for all the way most lawyers don't take out your uh... godblood when you're there for like a time select me things like that so it can be sold in answer doctor like i want to get this morning good like that i wish you all a six maybe try a barber's into bed old but i wouldn't present with a sharp object five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty any Verizon and singular wireless lines w q a and hello money w q a and hello hello Neil yes sir uh... did you hear that uh... on how are this morning someone had a report that said that they had brand new voting machines delivered somewhere they didn't know where and uh... that right out of the box they already had two thousand votes for bush on uh... well that's the present has started program yeah i guess so i'm gonna be a perfect six again there's a new poll for Minnesota 52 carry 44 bush one percent for later that's the c and a new was a gallop so you can add about three or four points to the week for a carry because of gallops uh... right wing always has been see the way to gallop over stag on a interview a hundred people seventy five thousand republicans twenty democrats and five i've been the penance and they say like is what our poll shows they've been doing as long as i can remember my whole life because George Gallop who's now uh... pushing up days he's was a real real uh... right winner and see it in the low-the-stage put that down and that tall boring looking guy of the circumborn again uh... like he's hypnotized if you ever know to say about the board against how they all look like they're uh... they have the deep red clunized the other hand in hypnotized that was George's local wallback right and you want to know why because they'll be hypnotized oh and that's your one scene that i mentioned before they religious nuts they showed i've never seen it before my life to show you how shuffled i am thankful in this remote at cramp i bet you make you want to it when he's a little shy of they showed the baptism you've baptized yes oh my god how's say how will we do by twenty no a little baby and the priest is standing there in the water up to his public and he's got the big white robes on it like that he was standing in the water he was standing in the water and this one okay but that's the weird other crap i don't care what it is but this uh... getsky he was standing there with a big white robin in the water up to his knees and he's got these and they're lining them up to the kids and he's one baby's either these were like little kids because they have to be born again yeah that's a born again and they showed his little girl that's right excuse me the catholic they just take a little teacup and they're school on your bed looking god like a god father right but in the right in the street they put this over to cramp and they show them under the water for a second come back i mean it will come on that's right for a little while that's right stop with the nonsense okay and they had this little girl on there with his born again Christian family to wear the view and you talk about brainwashing and she's going to find if you don't believe in the Jesus he's the only way you're going to go to hell you're going to burn hell little girl about anus eight or nine years old i guess they told me that's where nasty miserable little cow good guys he needs an excesses and right now see i remember back in the day when i used to do the guest and all his boring shows years ago but uh... it was very popular topic the programming young people from cults in and heard too much about that anymore but uh... what's the time with the moonies and all these other cults and Jim Jones and the cool lady and we have to have to deprogram our young people from these cults well guess what i don't see any difference except the video the so-called mainstream religions are much better at making money recruiting members of making money and brainwashing people a thousand times better than the cults you try to have an intelligent conversation with a born again cruel well with any of these are the orthodox jews or with the fanatical muslims but any fanatical group and at least a muslims are looking forward to the seven versions they got something that work on right but the born again christian's they're all going to go waiting for the vat here and there they're coming in this little that little girl she was the s parliamentary contaminant PaulVerof Ain't that dangerous and they mean it may beCare You should display your digital voice name. I like that. We're watching Piring. Hey, how's that? We're not the ones. So what are we? Hey, Catrax. Looks going home with this ball. I like that. We're not watching Piring. I like that. We're just on purpose all having fun. I'm just out of the screen three times. The different voices are going on. We're not uploading problems. So only just being done for, we'll be launching videos. And I love Erton. We need this series and in our kids to die. And we're really in my group. She's both a sky. And events, they give siblings what's people present along. They believe you're who is this Jesus Christ. I like that. We're not the one who has that. We're not the one who's over time. We're not that. What's going on with this crowd? We're not the one who has that. The boys, boys, one of you is so many amazing. That's our Lord. That's our Lord. That's our Lord. We're finding those just our Lord. And God are our Lord. I see them. These things are, I guess. Yeah. Hi. Hi, bro. We're going. We've got 32 at five, six. You've got 72. And we've got almost 700 votes. Six ninety one already an hour and a quarter. How do you like that? That's pretty heavy. Do you know? Yeah. Which of these applies to you? I'm 284 already voted for carry 278.8. 81.2 percent. Will vote for Bush 45. I already voted for Bush 25. That's 10.1 percent. Can't vote 21. Still all give it to you. 17 won't vote eight. On the side of five. Will vote for NATO for our ready. Vote for NATO for eight idiots. Eight people are just went for a little exercise. I guess I'm fresh here. Now. Wait a year. This one. Okay. A sheriff spokesman in County attorney later said that that he was enforcing an- Oh, look at this. I guess you got to read the headline. This is a very poorly written Palm Beach Post, but he's expect. Deputy tackles in arrest journalists for photographing voters. A sheriff spokesman County attorney later said that that that he was enforcing an union acted rule from election supervisor that bitch Theresa Lappore, permitting reporters from interviewing her for photographing voters on apartheid the polls. But the arrester expressions of outrage from leading Florida civil liberties expert and even more from one of Lappore's fellow county election supervisors. When deputy L. Cinque, I had no idea. It's C.I.N.Q.U.U.E. which would be Cinque in the Tatiana. Trying to grab Henry's camera, Henry ran about 100 feet across the pavement on the side of the elections office before he was tackled by the deputy. See what I mean? And I'll who now is Henry? See how poorly this is written? This is obviously the guy's name, but this is written so poorly and so hastily the Cinque yelled at Henry. Hold still, stop moving after he pinned Henry on the pavement, and the background, Henry's R, left arm, to put a handcuff on his wrist. I sure hope it wasn't John Henry. Cinque then jerked Henry 54 to his feet by his left arm and signed his body against the park car, where the deputy pushed him again, is Henry tried to defend himself against a hand-to-handed by D. cars that were leading to final in the pavement. A widely published freelance journalist as well as a Harvard educated lawyer in the economist, Henry is written to New York Times, Washington Post, US News and we're reported in the new Republic. According to his website, submergingmarkets.com, he's working on an election year booked to office fall that explores how the U.S. is falling behind the rest of the democratic world including countries like Brazil and South Africa would respect a practice of electoral democracy. Ask why Henry was being arrested, Cinque was said, you're not allowed to take pictures of voters. Henry repeatedly told the deputy, I'm a journalist undoing my job. A Palm Beach post reporter and British journalist, Marcus Warren of the London Daily Telegraph Witness, Henry's arrested, doesn't the waiting voters. Sheriff spokesman, Paul Miller said, before being transported, the Palm Beach County jail, Henry was examined by a permit ex-wanty complaint of shorter pain. Lawsuit, Henry's been charged with disorderly conduct, resisting arrest without violence, Miller said. We're not going to let anyone interfere with the orderly combat objections process here, Miller said. The poor refused to come to the main desk of a lesson said court is to comment on the arrest you didn't return calls for a comment later on. I can imagine why. One of the poorest peers we on county election supervisor, Ian Sancio called, we're strictly reported as a photographer as public sidewalks outside pulling places and outraged. I'm shocked the first member right to be there was absolutely. Outside I really vote in place. We had Japanese journalists, the BBC, all kinds of reporters and photographers added Sancio as based in Calahashi. It's a public place of public sidewalk. There is no statute. No law that can take away your right to talk to someone who's willing on a public sidewalk as long as no one is obstructing or interfering. Howard Simon executive director of the Florida chapter of the ACLU also called Henry's arrest and outrage. Where did Theresa LaPore get to the authority to criminalize activities protected by the first amendment? How do you like that bitch that Theresa LaPore, huh? I think a good old fashioned lynching is in order to ask me. Anything else good idea? Sure. Henry was one of the original leaders, readers who worked decades ago with consumer advocate Raft Nader was vice president for strategy for IBM loaders view for the Florida League, Long Island based SAG Harbor group of consulting from that focus on technology strategy. He continued his investigative reporting for it at the same time. In 2004 publishing the blood bank was a book reporting on dirty banking and developing countries. The book includes the introduction from former US Senator Bill Bradley. The Reverend George Wilson, a press attorney minister from Long Island who accompanied Henry to West Palm Beach yesterday morning, said Henry was interested in touching the invoting impomptious down at a river observed the process. The fluid on this morning Wilson said I can't believe they're treating him this way. He was just standing there taking pictures. Linda taking photos outside in a public place become a crime. Wilson retreat Henry's menel to Campbell with the large lens from the top of the trunk of the park car after Henry was put in a sheriff's car. Absolutely unacceptable as what it is to resell a poor, you're in a space. Of course, you can't do or saw any worse because he already lost the elections. So he's a lame duck. I think she ought to look for a good day in the hood and can't re-enhairs and fan-esque governor, you think of that? Bitch, I'm proud to surprise by this facts from Frank and Sonny Os. I appreciate the fact he says reminder, John Edwards rally, 830 in the 90s. What does it? Municipal, what does that say? What does that say? What does that say? Maybe. That is municipal field, 17 of the Northeast 8th street in Compromote. Jimmy Buffett performing and will withdraw. I thought Jimmy Buffett was a right winner. I guess you? Where he'll take the money? Well, sir, that's how Jimmy Buffett was a little Republican. I don't know. Anyway, a front piece is voted Thursday last week and haven't sure a 30 minute wait in and out. And they hit over 30 booths. Fuck, turn him in. He's vote Francis and Sonny Os. Vernon would little teeny tiny handwriting, which he almost needed. Mom, Palabar, Tullscoop to read this. Hey, Vernon, what's it up a little bit in the Nitro to win a place? Please inform your listeners that any voters with disabilities or here's the answer to that question. Thank you, Vernon. Please inform your listeners that any voters with disabilities can still vote using curbside voting. All they have to do is get the attention of an outside poll worker and inform them they would like to vote curbside. And a voting machine will be brought to them, so they can vote from their car. I'll be working the polls this election isn't inspected in form this of this from a for our disabled voters. Vote carries is for him. Thanks a lot, Vernon. We sure to fetch up a lot of votes for Kerry. I mean, I'm sure it would show up. We're looking at our attention though. I'm looking at him. But look at in their attention. Get the good thing. Listen to the poll worker. We don't get the attention. Just to just squeeze under a bag of couple of times. Okay? Just threaten to spill it over under ankles. Oh, and here's from our friend Fred C. Our own personal poster. Oh, weapons does to worries the rackies. You know, all that fall off from the between the rating. Oh, is that I forget about it? I don't know where about it. You know, next year, I'm going to be screaming about Agent Orange on left stuff again since we're revisiting Vietnam. So, profanity exclusive new Rogers post your Fred C for election day. He says, it's not quite election day, but I'm a poll watcher. So, tomorrow I'll be on lookout for Republican dirty pictures that a minority prison. Nice going, Fred. He says they are not going to steal at this time unless they have the programs of voting machines. Anyway, his electoral thing, which he's been keeping track of this for us the whole time according to his extrapolations. He has Kerry winning 311 to 227 electoral votes. He says the formula is quite simple. Kerry wins every birthday from 2002 and picks up New Hampshire, Ohio, and Florida, which equals to 11. So watch all the talking hits acting as if Bush has been a win tomorrow is liable. Every single poll now shows a dead heat or carry with a small lead. And act as if it's all over and W's going to win. Talk about living in their own world. He says there's a Gail force win blowing behind John Kerry's back. No matter what they try to use against him, it hasn't worked. The final straw was the now meaningless bin Laden tape. I'm being concerned with the, I think Kerry can also win the Vatican. And I have a call to Colorado West Virginia, Arkansas, and I surprised one or two others. I don't want to make this too long because they're neutral-transhed, but four years ago, Al Gore was two to four points behind all the final pulls he won by half a point of profit of vote. This time Kerry has tied the final pulls and frankly, think you'll win by a three to four points and coming over 50%. I'm sure you've heard of the incumbent rule where an incumbent never gets more than his final full number. Bush has never been able to get to 50%. Must they steal and he's post? They're going to have to steal it again. Last poll that I read from this weekend is approval of everything is down to 46%. If you're under 50, man, you're in deep trouble. You've got major tourist, baby. Major tourist, even a blame, understand that. The structure of the Middle Ragers is morning, so we take a look at the floor. The floor is on fire. The fire is on fire. The fire is on fire. The fire is on fire. The fire is on fire. The fire is on fire. The fire is on fire. The fire is on fire. This grateful change. I went online. I emailed a dumb-up mid-trick. Now everybody's playing in spine. I'm making it in a dungeon-made four slaves. I get with when I had this feeling eight. Just before the she is my master. I hanged by my sister, both for the losers. I'm making it in spine. Just before the old days are painful. When they grow high above, I paint their surface of sand. When you're making it on your nuts, I've been hanging from my chest to those for days. Now I'm also running at the gate. Just before the she is my master. I'm hanging by my test and those for her. My stroke is the pain and so I'm all set. Now I can pull it halfway up, I'm back. Welcome. Welcome to the she is my master. I'm making my test and those for her. It's 124614, the one we got Curtis Eganson for the Mad Dog at 2. My dog on the way to New York. They're already. I'm sure for nights. Gothen game. We got the Gothens baby. And then the big hour and four five to during the game. Before the game after the game. After I'm in between each quarter. Wherever else you can be really rock solid. Upnotchers. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, the pound five, 60. And the Verizon and singular wireless line. A federal judge this morning. Bart political party challenges from polling places throughout our high O'Dran tomorrow's election. Stable of publicans of course appealing immediately from that sooner. The order by US district. Sooting the lot. Found that the application of Ohio. Stance of law and challenges of polling places was unconstitutional. Let me say again it was unconstitutional. The presence of challenges in experience in the electoral process. Quite the voters in Bucket. Elder body would impede voters. I mean you talk about intimidation. Doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure out that a lot of people don't want to be given the third degree. They're like exercising their right to vote supposedly. They got the ID. They got their voter registration curve whatever they need. And they go there just leaving the hall alone. That's all right. Is that what we should be able to respect? Should be able to. I haven't a bunch of people come and say, oh you look a little dark to me. Boy, let's see your drive license and your social security car. And let me give a piece of pieces of pride chicken. You know what that all about? Yeah, let me give you a bag there from vote angles and see what you'd be eaten. That's your bullcraft man. And when you black person this country that votes for your portion these Nazis out there, these racist bastards who are partying to do with everything in their power just like they didn't forget about Ralph later. It didn't need Ralph later not to be in a race in 2001. Needed to be was where we voted to come. Any political party that tries to disenfranchise voters of any kind and tries to not have every vote counted, there are a bunch of crooks. Now let's face it we know they're all of us are crooks but it's just a question to agree. The really dangerous crooks are they in also bad crooks, right? Right. Poor the most malignant crooks in which ones are a little bit more benign. They'll smile actually as they lift your wallet very gently from your back profit. As of both of the violent rotten bastards who are just paying for your brains out of your look at them cross eye. Or maybe just send your kids off to some foreign companies and we're going to have their brains blown out. Or maybe just there's a lot with a whole bunch of innocent locals like the 100,000 mackeys or a dent. I don't think even that number out of government don't like it. And that's just a modest estimate. I told you what it was going to be months ago. He emancipation through elimination. How about the sign though, who would have some of? Yeah, and that's great. I want all of these stupid things mindless life as a cliché. Life is a buffer sticker. What would Jesus do? What would have some of whom would he vote for? All that crap. Give me a freaking break. I think we got a fit on that, not so sure we can play, you know? Oh yeah. That's not in time. If Jesus walked deep for today he's been wanted to lose weight like Jared to look good for that special lady. Special dates, hypothetical. To lose his tune exercise would be quite a feat even for Jesus. So here's the question, what would Jesus be? Now there's something in here I know that I'm not my friend player. Huh? There's already plenty. There's a tease. No, no, no, I'll maybe I'll play the rest of it later on or not. There's something in here. It's a little just right over the age and the way things are going lately. We don't want to come even close to the age because we're a bunch of cowards. Here at QAIM. We got Joyce on our ass. Oh, speaking of people who got some balls anyway, there were a few not too many. Michael Moore. Our favorite big fat Michael Moore. Sam Cameron said pulling places in Florida. I know Ohio. Good for you. You go Mike. Liberal filmmaker Michael Moore passed. They have hundreds of cameras outside of pulling places in Ohio and Florida on Election Day to watch for attempts to suppress voter turnout. You know, are you carry people out there or just the anti bush people which have been a few more strong anybody the way? What you really ought to be doing is having watch perm hat 9-11 parties tonight and on Election Day tomorrow. All this still time. Just pack out the old DVD and get a whole bunch of people there to watch it and then watch how fast they don't drive. They don't like skyrocket to their mirrors voting place. I'm putting those who intend to suppress the vote on notice. Voter intimidation and suppression will not be tolerated more. So it's more now Saturday that it's about a 1,200 be professional and non-professional cameraman filmmakers and videographers will be at pulling places in the two states. Florida and Ohio. Especially in minority communities. His publicist Terry Hardesty said more was in Columbus Center and now is part of the slacker uprising to rally. The director of Fahrenheit and 11 more planned to spend part of tomorrow. Election Day in Ohio and part of the day in Florida. Polls in both states say the race is too close to call and the voting problems are already in Florida. We're 537 votes. Supposedly hit the balance when the Supreme Court said stop the count. So there you go. So Michael Moore is doing his part. We're doing our little TV timey part. We'll TV tiny. His panics are doing that part. How do you like that? See Miguel if you're a pizons there in the Dane County. If they were quit being so narrow minded and stupid, which they are stupid, one dimensional. You broke away from the air. How come you can't get more than to do it? I tried yesterday. They won't have it. They won't listen to you. No. Did they travel in your hands? Oh yeah. Really? Did they threaten to take your dominoes away? No I keep my dominoes. Yeah I find them the same place. Yep. Nationally, unlike South Florida, which of course is we know is an aberration. An aberration. That's a compliment you know what I mean? Oh, great. Yeah. Brainwashed, drugless ice. Who know from nothing. He knows. He knows. He knows. He knows. He knows. He knows. He knows. He knows. He knows. He knows. He knows. He knows. He knows. He knows. Now again had a bad mיח bowl movement all of sudden.開. It's all late here 24-7 so that's all they know. Anybody else commonly used to come in anyway them knows is nationally. Of nationwide.� murderers all boy sure hope if those are Spanish and South Florida those Kobaro doesn't get pissed off and stopped buying ill herald whatever they audio wasn't bad enough that the man he held in Duose John Kerry like the SunSenhood and then he Orlando CENE and the fact that couldn't anybody over there in ultra-right wing Tampa, what they usually endorse Bushy and with the eight running. Not this time. Anyway, a nationwide pull-off on that 61% of likely voters who are Hispanic supported John Kerry giving him a substantial age in the group. By the way, the Muslims tend to one, and I pull. Ten that will tend out of every 11 Muslims and there's like over a million. Got it? Most of Inditrients and Dearborn. That's got to be more than a million. How many million is it? Well, we'll find out. Maybe Josh while they sit in their pickin' is no, so look at that by doubt it. A term majority one now, you've got to get some risk of tomorrow you've got to answer the phone's queen of calls. So do. Why? Oh, first time. Or it's going to be the first time ever. We had you sweet and that's not it. No, no, I did it for like the first week or two. Yeah, no, no, no. Maybe that's why we stop and you were belly aching too much. All the people that don't like the fact we use. We must all the time. Lin Josh Cortis is lazy. Okay, not a good idea. We have to unlike that. But tomorrow we'll have to do with a guy at a very good point and that is that way. Maybe some saying people will get through. We've had some good calls today. If I would take some, but I don't have time yet. A term majority of the nation's is fanitial support, John Kerry for president, a new pull conducted for the mommy Hills shows providing what could be an important dose in this question for the White House. With a million more Hispanic voters across the country this year than in the last election. The high support for Kerry means that Bush and Republicans don't have heard it may be making the inroads and being Hispanic, both they hoped for after the 2000 election. The poll conducted for the hero by Zahbe International and Tweak shows that about 61% of Hispanic voters nationwide support Kerry, a lot about 32% of the board boots, boots. The poll and of course if you took the Cuban vote or that it would be even that much more upside it. The poll of 751 Hispanic voters has emerged in a version 3.7. What this means, John's obviously said, is that Kerry has done what Gordon did and secondly, it's now over 60% of a larger group of Hispanics. The Hispanic vote is heavily in play in several key swings that says it's lower duh, new Mexico, Ohio and Michigan. But Bush's supporters say that Hispanics are eager to support the president as the election will ultimately play a crucial role in a Bush victory. Yadiya, I'm in a part of your in-per-tree. Throughout the election season, analysts have said that Kerry must keep Bush's support among Hispanics to less than 35% if he's never shot a winning election. The poll seems to be show-hanging him doing that, just that. He is under performing, so Kerry campaign spokeswoman, Fabiola Rodriguez Campoli. Go ahead, name is that. I'll see you've got a little bit of every cent in her. Fabiola Rodriguez Campioli. We've always said that the Latin vote would help us win a race. She said, this year about 7 million Hispanics expected to vote nationwide compared to 6 million in 2004. Roughly reflecting with the composition of the Hispanic population, about 38% of the poll respondents were Mexicans, beeners, about 10% were Reekens, 3.5% Cuban Americans, 2% from La Republica de Minicana, and 26% of the nationalities, like me from Panama, Nicaragua, Colombia, Venezuela. So, he's like that, Guatemala. Nicaragua, I know I said it by like that, just like that. That's what's about the Cassada doing. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, and have you noticed that we seemed to be moving a little bit more away from that than we used to be. That's a good sign. Huh? Well, there are actually like 4 or 5 anchors on the South Florida Newt, like on the news guys who speak English. Not just the one to do our, it's a phenomenon. I walked into a little dust storm with a garbage bottle of water. I asked him to stop trying to forge him for me, just not hearing the f*** of that man. That's a bunch of English animals. That's a quarter sterile. Hell, I think I've been kind of Los Angeles Nellie. Are you Alumni you Now? Sounds like Communist Party. I'm so sorry for talking about our speech English. Congratulations. Oh, I don't know who was time 60, WDQIM. Here's Jenny, thanks, isn't Jenny's obviously pissed up and fired off. She says, well, a bunch of hypocrites that really just write are partnering up for the Indians and the rest of the un-regulated untasignan industry. You mean, like Mickey Harrison, those cruise ships that know where is what you're talking about Jenny? Those great robbers, Mickey Harrison, those cruise ships. You know, the ones that kicks your own fire and lot of women get raped on, things like that? It says they also, the religious, write team up for the animal screwballs to keep slots from being touched, helping our children's schools. Please vote yes on four. Vote yes on amendment four several times, please. There are no reason that anybody should be voting you're good, especially. You know, let's do about the guy who says he was from Tallahassee. Voting the answers out of believe it. These are people are all stuages. Their stuages are Mickey Harrison, their stuages from the Indians, their Bahamas, their stuages, all these people because they don't want the state to be able to get hundreds of millions and over a period of time billions of dollars for education for the racing industry. They don't want that. Got for it. Yeah. And again, amendment four only allows the people in date and in broad to have their own referendum and the people within each county can discover that they want the slots to the firm mutuals are not, which I can't imagine what I wouldn't but nevertheless that's all. So the rest of the state, the 67 counties, they did me it up proportionally and they get the revenue for their schools. They don't have to do nothing. They don't have any additional. And this business about violent crime and about drugs. You've got to be some kind of a moron. There's a violent crime and drugs and all that stuff and race traction, front towns and stuff like that. These people are crazy people. Well, there's not because there's no slot machines right now. Oh, that's right. When they bring in those one arm bandits. Exactly. It is. I could say personally, when I go to woodbind, there's a hand inside these machines. Comes right out and grabs the money out of your hand. That's why they call them one arm banded. You have to be like a child, like a little child to believe this caretact these people use. Vote yes on an amendment for, okay, several times please. Nice going, Jenny. Now, that's all nice going on channel 10 story about, this is just so typical. After waiting in line for several hours, several voters were told late last night. They'd have to come back another day to be able to cast their ballot. Florida just can't get it right. They just can't get it right. Although they sure can beat up people coming to watch the election. And stick your ass and jail, right, Teresa? You nasty smelly bitch. Hundreds of voters showed up to vote early in Howard Forman Health Park yesterday. So many of that decisions made to keep the voting facility open to 11 o'clock. You see, before I finish with this story, it doesn't take a genius to figure out. Even the president, well, I'm getting carried away. It doesn't take a genius to figure out that this gigantic voter turnout. And all of the early voting states is based on one thing. Not that people are happy with the way things are going. The fact that people are pissed up and fired off. They don't want any more of this crap. They've had it. You know what things are going along? Any economies have to be decent in people are working. And there's not too much chaos in the world. People don't be because they just didn't really speak American. They make the effort they're lazy. It's no holiday on election day. And they're just not going to bother. But this year, nothing has keeping people back. Even to think of people standing online for eight and nine and 11 hours. That's their vote. That's got to tell you how to determine how pissed off the public is. And of course, the media, like totally oblivious to this. Well, we do know that his approval rating is very low. It's only 46%. And then they'll tell you the same poll of 53%. Or 57%, don't like the direction in the way the country is going. What does that tell you? If 55 or 56% of the public doesn't like the way things are going. Does anyone another four years of the same thing? I don't think so. Anyway, some people waited in line from early in the day to the sun went down. Unfortunately for a group of about 50 people, the way didn't pay off. A mechanical problem with the voting machines caused the less workers to close down the polling place. A group of 50 frustrated voters will have the chance to be first in line of O today, which already took place. Or not. Poll workers took down their numbers and names will move them to the head of the line. Wouldn't that write them? For one couple of main opium, they were voting yesterday because they'd finally bomb a case today. Now they'll have to choose to cancel their trip or postpone. And I guess they wouldn't say that here. Channel 10 are a little slow. Two to cancel their postpone. They'd trick or give it to the chance to vote. Don't you have your chance to vote, okay? Because if you want to go on a trip, maybe a busch gets in again. The only trick we take might be the gas chambers. All right. So the camps. To the ovens. All you do get a free shower. PR rouse is over the board. Look at the, what's going on with all these passes, man. And back this. Rouse is over the weekend. I was driving around. So I tuned in the five 60 and the big. Oh, it was talking about politics. He said, oh my god. He says, I was going to vote for Kerry, but I'm changing my mind so I just won't vote. Oh my, and this is this lunatic. This lunatic that we're going to have on for 80 hours today. The big. Oh, brother. Well, you know, you know what his problem is, don't you? What's the same on it you used to have? Yeah, that's right. Orlando Elsa Query. He lives a little hervan. So, you know, he can't believe he's probably getting heavy day. They probably took away his dominoes and his. Pick any of whatever he's got. They put a bunch of signs at front of his house. Yeah. And he can voice that. Lock them all in. A vote for Kerry is a vote for freedom and I voted yes for Kerry. He's gone PR. And the big. Oh, as many promises I had with me for I used to say he sucks on the air. He's a good guy. Now I'm going to say he sucks. I mean, you can vote for whoever you want, but to make a statement like that. That's just absolutely unbelievable. Well, look at this thing you're sending me. What is this about 400 pages? There's a lot of crap. And it's a lot of stuff in there too. Man, that's good. And pros are what I'm telling him. And people are pissed off. They've had it. And at my guy, he says, he's terrified. He's dumping in his pants every five minutes, man. Even June Allison never had a change to pencil off in his life. And I'll be able to sort of his ilk. Yeah, even the two calls are Wednesday. Yeah, well, we have president Kerry elected on Wednesday. I'll be more happy to take calls. Okay? But a female factor. Good. Good. They may all have time to call it and make gutter will sounds on the air like they're real kind of person. Keep in mind. And Kerry's doing better among women than he is among men. Because it's that macho thing. We gotta be just like Kurt Schilling. We gotta be born again. We gotta be macho. Even the dolphins, man. You see that? Miguel, I pull a little last week. No, I heard you talk about it though. Yeah, they pulled the dolphins. I don't know where they stuck to pull. That's a little bit. Yeah. Now, I'm sure they didn't talk to all the players. But they left you with the impregnated wastes, man. Finally, it's the show. Yeah. I didn't talk about a sellout. Okay? I hope you break your leg. Shack. I hope you go shack up with Jimmy Gilmour if the sugar shack. You idiot. Another bushman. What could he start to pick boxy? The money. He isn't care about the brothers in the ageto. He don't care about them. All the people struggling just to pay for that gas. By the way, and we forgot to mention, here it is already after one of Clark. Thank you Mr. President for those little gas prices. Okay. Thank you so much. Now, let's take a look and see how they're phoning up this market. They've been working feverously to push that down over 10,000. And they've succeeded in 725, 10,000 52. And then as that, they can't quite get it to 2000 yet. 1978, which is a pretty decent year, up 3.73. And crude oil? Write it 50 bucks. You know this how it drops so fast from over 55 to just 50 bucks. Because I'm sure that somebody we know and despise got on the full wood band. Our bushman said if you want to hold hands with me again, you better get that price down. What a joke. Anyway, Harvey, the procrastiners, we're rest of this. He said he pages. Here's what I said. I said away from my absentee bell, I'm not going to just receive the dispass Friday. So now just to make sure I'm voting in person. Oh, oh my god. You know something? How many times have you heard me talk? Hi, I'm Tony. About these sick bastards out there. You know the clonics. Right. Now this is a guy that's called much, we stores was working the vial. Tell them if we're good to tell them the wrong judge. Okay. Josh. All right. He would head as my thoughts later. For food. Is that operation's vanjoering here again? I sent away from my absentee bell, but I just received it this past Friday and voting in person. Love? That boy's neighbor, Dave. Oh, yeah, that was so critical. I've never gone listen to show again. I mean, we have a, because we just didn't want to be bothered with his cramp anymore. He's out there. Oh, I see. I didn't read the right. Who is temporarily listening during the election period. PSI is the convinced to personal for curie. Who is temporarily listening? It's a mental health change. Go vote again. Just use mental illnesses and excuse. Tell me what you're out about the first time. Chris says, go curie says, So you might enjoy this. It was taken to my front door on Friday. I suspect the cook next door put it there. I'm an atheist married to a Jew. Oh, I have a curie son on the front lawn and a mizzosa on the door. Guess that makes us a prime target for this. Says Chris. Oh, and look at this. Oh, my God. Woo. Dear pastor in congregation. And it's a whole bunch of stuff propaganda. The 2,000 for election voter guy, they sit as in the leader coalition from a bunch of Barbissa and a golem. And it's got a list. It says, with help from you and many others, we enter the strip. We 25 million of these voter guys to church as mailboxes to Christian voters across America. And the very issue, president Bush, where he stands and said, I'm here partial, birth abortion, Bush opposed Carrie Fayne and a Salt and Mel Gibson for making them about Christ. Oh, my God. Is this unbelievable or what? What did I tell you? Just like Lindsey Graham, that dueling red night from South Carolina said right there, I nationwide TV for the world of sea. He said, all these problems are about religious fanaticism. And for once in his little pathetic life, he was like, I'm so willing to correct. Oh, look at that. They're going to patters. I'm so ashamed before presidential election, the incumbent party won also. And vice versa. Carrie says that he couldn't be more thrilled. Nice going Green Bay. Well, it's about the Patriots couldn't do it, but see, this is we swaped it. Because they were undefeated anyway. So we swaped. We took a paper and lost in a shame for Green Bay beaten the redskins. Okay. Dear pastary and congregation, God will hold Christians accountable for voting for elected officials who aren't following the principles and commands of God. Oh, God. John Kerry favors game marriages, which is a lie. John Kerry favors the most of the stuff is lies. John Kerry is an agreement with the assault on our voice gusts because they obey God. John Kerry insists on ungodly judges who support the ACLU were anti-Christian anti-God anti-family anti-bottle. A Christian cannot and should not vote for elected officials such as John Kerry, who along with the ACLU will complete the job of turning the mercenary to a pay donation and a God-turning away from us. We're in desperate need of God to bless us. Brothers and sisters in Jesus, big you, please do not make this horrible mistake, which will be sorry for when it's too late. They are Lord and Savior moving your hearts as the word of God can fix us to vote for God. You ought to be convicted by Jesus Christ. Yeah, exactly. Crazy people. But Jesus Christ is man, the God squad. They're out to get you. They're out to make you an offering. You can't refuse. Yeah, we should have seen that thing with evampters and the shabby of kids under water. Right? See it? Oh, I see it. So sad. Best thing is just to go to a casino and fund your guts out and have a good time. And that's all I'm going to do. I just put my blinders back on. Otherwise, you get so damn aggravated. And how come it is that people in every country except America even countries where have any people are done sawdust? How come they can see through all this crap? Like here in Canada, if you wish you were to, I think what they ought to do is like all the three countries in a world, they give a credit country to the world, vote misleashed tomorrow. You know what? You know how many, I really want to go into it. When would it be like 90 to 10 for carry? Percent. You heard me talk about drug concepts for 20 years. I'm sure one has to be because of you, but in my homestro for 20 years. And who in their right mind would dream of using anybody else because when it comes to having your company, your furniture, your drape, your expensive oriental area, your rugs clean and look in this life brand new, the only name you ought to be thinking about is drug concepts. And keep in mind, your carpeting is as bad as your sink when it comes to collecting germs. I'll let you know what's going on. Walk on it and just grind it down in there. By drafting your purpose, we still do the only people in the world to do it. Drug concepts suck out even the deep down dirt and the fibers your carpety leaving them look to like brand new smelling lemon fresh and they clean and just like an hour and a half to two hours. So you really can clean today and entertain tonight. And no scams, no rip off, some of these five ninety-five room deals worth the end of the job. And you say, oh I'm sorry, Mrs. Popeye, but it's going to cost you like about 500 more and we told you, no chance. Because when you call back concepts, they give you a written guaranteed price every time upfront before they start doing a spectacular job. Call them and date Browdon Palm beaches toll free at 1-800-248-5071. If you're thinking about replacing your carpeting for get about it because I'll make even they most desperate looking carpet for it to like brand new. 1-800-248-5071-RUN or wickedwebotsdryconcepts.com. Dry concepts making carpet clean in South Florida since 1979. No, it seems that we are right here in South Carolina. Till now we're about to celebrate the land. It's been one of those exaggerations. Of course we're about to celebrate. We're on the hunt after we're assembling the land. We're using every asset out of disposal to get us out of the land. I don't know where it is. No, you know, I just don't spend on this timeline. We've been honest with you. I don't know where it is. I repeat what I said. I truly am at that concern about him. What do you think tribal sovereignty means in the 21st century? And how do we resolve conflicts between tribes and the federal and state governments? Tribal sovereignty means that. The sovereign. You're a given sovereignty and you're, you're, you're, there's a sovereign entity. And therefore the relationship between the federal government and tribes is one between sovereign entities. A very kinder. In the American gas, who only listen to the message from the Uber ride, will have their tables all flying. And the troops from whom need. They find the comfort of the night high and under the bed. And never served in the army. How to afraid of fat. So I sit right here there, the TV far from the rural night. Under the covers, you'll discover. Tom of takes this thing. There would prefer to have some other do the fighting for me. Now this is the very out of. Is occupied in our back. And all the suffer like me, whose next are bred in the back. Have our tongues all placed firmly. In Mushroom Thing Brown Eye. Look big mouth-cowards of the world who gladly follow. Blah! Recommend us the same up to a phrase. You bow and risk. But you can count on me to watch me see. My fish and my black wheels fly from the back of my crock. Not in any out of. Shoot, don't take me out of the f***. And I view. Look the gold mine for. Is what I see, don't watch. Now, then, aren't you warriors. You know better than you. But the door door is. I'm an in-grid jerk. Who parrots anything they say? Don't happen readers, sir. It's so much easier this way. Do watch TV or look at pictures. You're way too gay. You're way too gay. You're way too gay. You're way too gay. You're way too gay. You're way too gay. You're way too gay. You're way too gay. You're way too gay. With my finger up high. And I chiggle my brain. And I go shout out to a brave. If you can't find all you list. But you can count on me to watch TV and shake my fish. And I go to my blind. So I can pull off my foot. If I make sure the swathleta tattooed on my nuts. The sardines are our best friends in the world. I go down rackin' or jeers. Boy, they're not a terror war. A drag, they know better than you. You're way too gay. You're way too gay. You're way too gay. You're way too gay. You're way too gay. Once 22 or five, 60, I'll come back now here. That's where it's at. You really need to look at. They're sure the difference in America. 61% of people prefer country music. Or bush 31% for curing. It's for you. It's for you. And you different. And I'm a better national community. It's responsible for the country. Thank you. And I'm a 28 vote senator. We're going to go over a thousand. Again today. Josh. Pretty impressive. Consider we serve what? I'm not going to take it no more. No more. Not that much. Well, I'm not here either. I'm going to vote for curing 37. What's it these applies to you? Will vote for curing 37? Already voted for curing 364. That's 89% that's almost 81% poison durals. Will vote for bush 62? Already voted for bush 37. That's 10.5%. Pretty tight. When you say, well, that's your crowd. Yeah, well, who else are going to? Who else is going to vote under? But our crowd, right? Can't go 32. Still about give a Schmidt 17. Won't vote 11. On the side of nine. Well, for later five, already voted for Nader 4. So there's 90 of these right there. But in nine out of nine, 20 of these. Less than 1%. And you know something that's interesting. Because that's what he's getting employed right now. Less than 1%. As opposed to the nearly three percent he got in 2000. When he also helped us screw it up. But if it like I said before, if they would just forgotten about him being in there. If they would just let everybody vote who wanted to vote or not, not even allow an ed if they just would have counted all the votes that were cast. But if I know contest, that's why they had an intervene. So desperately they had to get James Baker the third and rather, you know, the same James Baker from Bush one, the same James Baker the third of three percent. The Saudi kingdom against the families of nine, 11 victims. There's another real sugar in the wood policy. These are the people in the background. The bush, myster. He's just a patient man. He's just a patient man. But that radio a transmiter on the back. So they didn't put the words in his mouth. He's like the puppet. But the big, cheney and James Baker the third and the wolf, which is a matured pearls, these are the ones that are pulling the strings. They neocons. They don't come from up and boys and girls. But neocons, including your fat ass governor there, ched them, brother, unbelievable. Here's a fact from Shada Miami, and says, Osama would vote for Bush. Because you remember that Bush isn't concerned with aerosomes. He's more concerned with those halibut and contracts. That's right. Here's one that says, just voted for JFK. Don't know if you talked about this, but the frontline piece on Rummy in his war was just great. He's the most dangerous after seeing this. Between fighting with the state of urban military on whose thing is bigger, and what time do you use? Well, it really worked great, right? Ten more dead Marines this week, in a case you missed it. You're seeing the insurgents now are committing 80 to 90 attacks every single day in Iraq. It's the worst now it's ever been. Also, which says the classic queen Tucker, love my bow tie Carlson, picked carried a win on the Chris Matthew show. How do you like that? Well, how about that? And I'll take another one, even at Nasi Bob Novak, that out of Valerie Plamins should be behind bars right now. He should have ankle irons. When the war first started, he was vehemently opposed to the war in Iraq, but of course because he's got to be on there doing his thing for crossfire. And all of his other right wing of BS, so, of course, he supports Bush on the percent. But when the war first admitted to Iraq, he was as Ziggins at times against it. Well, we're supposed to forget about that, because we're old and we're seen out. And some of us get much older real fast. You want to see me? You want to see me? You want to see me? You want to see me? You want to see me? You want to see me? You like all the hard work. You don't know the film. Every time I see you. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. You don't know the film. There's hope for me. Here's this could be the best story. It's not too late yet. Even though I'm getting under your older one, Friday. It's not too late. This is the greatest story of my life. There's hope. Cleveland Clinic plans the first facial transplant. Oh, right. How do you like that? Wow. Can you imagine the epidemic of them that they're going to have? Hannibal Lecture, your heart out. For somebody else's. But Cleveland Clinic says it's the first institution to receive review board approval of human facial transplant for someone severely distributed by burns or disease. A facial transplant. You wait and see next time I come back to town and go to look just like Tom Brady. And he'll look like you. Well, I'll be you once to swap. Several independent medical teams around the world. He looked like me yesterday in terms of the way you played. I'll tell you that. I think he took it or did he? Several independent medical teams around the world are also pursuing the procedure. The Cleveland Clinic said it's a full blocktober 15 followed 10 months that it made on medical ethical and psychological issues and has no current patients are donors for the procedure. We're at this point ready to begin screening patients to Dr. Maria Siminal. The hospital's director of plastic surgery research and training in microscopper surgery who advocated the procedure. Doctors at the clinic said finding an appropriate donor cadaver for the facial skin underlying tissue might be more difficult than choosing a patient which could take up to two years. It may not happen in our life or may happen soon in the inspection. She said she will tell patients there is as much as a 50% chance of failure because of tissue rejection of other complications. A face transplant. Somebody who's dead because obviously somebody living or wanting to be their face. I'll be glad they can be mine. Even as if you asked the start where they relatively simple procedure, they would have all friends finding only the skin underlying fat. The patient's own muscle shaped the face of the patient wouldn't take on the appearance of the donor she said. The patient's own muscles shaped the fat. The face. See that? It's another one. It was really great looking. It made it really hard to really eat. Car records. It's not going to work. It just cover up like blemishes and crap. It's like a salt patch. 567. 560. 560. The Verizon and Singular Wireless Line. Don't forget to hear our screening calls. You're going to show the one day that Ford Josh Corridor is going to have to actually do a little bit of work there. You're going to have to work his ass off. It's so excited. Might be better to be taking your week these in the morning. WQA and hello. Neil. Yes sir. Hey, this is Andrew Down at the Kerry and in all the kids. He's in a little hub on that. Yes Andrew. Just wanted to let you guys know that we're doing great down here. We're making a really strong last minute effort and preparations for tomorrow. We're going to look in a little havana. Yeah, yeah. I'm kind of a little bit across the street from Versailles. Oh my god. I was wondering if you'd let me make good call out to anybody who's willing and able to come down and come on here. We had a lot of people but we could always use them more. We're on 35-10, Southwest, Aft Street and come on down and we had a lot of stuff where can't be saying fine that we, you know, waving signs. We got a lot of stuff that we could use people for. Excellent. Alright, thanks a lot. Keep it up, Andrew. Good luck. Oh my god. Keep it over your mind. He's across from Versailles. Well, now what do you say careful for? These are your people you're talking about. Yeah, exactly. Like I said, Miguel, though, is careful. Keep them draped around. Real tight. Which of these applies to you? Let's take a look at that pull one more time before we do the break. Anyone who won won't take a look, you got over 1,000 votes already, 1,000, 5. This pull one up about 11 to... And by my own personal extrapolation, 73 million won be for carry. You're listening to Neil Rodgers. You're listening to Neil Rodgers. I'm a slice of shit. Oh, boy. For you, drenched back in. I'm a crazy, piercing place of peace. Crazy living in the life of me. For me, torn across a few were sent. Well, by, you might end up in one of those naked pile. You're just a kid all too big. But I'm a couple places to play. Don't love me, don't give a fuck to you. Darling, you said that the criminal thing should do. You're a fool. You're a fool. You're a fool. You're a fool. You're a fool. You're a fool. You're a fool. You're a fool. You're a fool. You're a fool. You're a fool. You're a fool. You're a fool. You're a fool. You're a fool. Oh, one, four, three, five, six. You're a good guy. I can't believe that's in about the big guy. Oh, I can't. What a coward. Spindless, jellyfish. Stand up for yourself. We are real man or land. Okay? Don't be such a chauzy. Okay? Just because they're going to beat the crap, are you? And kidnap your family. Right? Love that part, we're cool, fath. I mean, as a matter of fact, she'd judge his eligible vote because he's a banana votes. I don't know what his status is, but he can't vote. But I guarantee if he came on here in the morning and said, hey, I'm going out right now. I'm going to go vote for a carry. And they called him and said, hey, we're going to kidnap your wife. He might go, boy, he might go, boy, he might go, boy, he might go, boy, he might go, five, six, seven, five, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six ouvert, one, double, six, all that has to be placed to have, a big contract, six, eight, six, seven, six, seven, six, six, six, seven, six, five, seven, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, seven, six, eight, six, nine, ten, eight, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, eight, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, six, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, six, nine, five, nine two, seven, six, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven uh, seven, eight eight, seven, nine and nine, five nine, seven,还 me as you Meetric checked out and please answer for me, I missed you Kev. like Clinton did. Yeah, but Clinton wasn't as bad as it was, I ever. Oh, hey, Clinton, that was the one thing, man. Clinton did I was really nasty. I mean, forget about the BJs and stuff like that, but they could do outfalley. Okay, yeah. All right. Yeah, all the annual Nazis are going to be like, cut loose. Send them back to Argentina. What is it about Argentina where they were? I guess they had a long history of repression. And I'm also going to let them hurt in countries. Lots of repression. 567-0560, pound-5680, Verizon and singular wireless life. You might think they didn't repression for making somebody on the wanted babies. WQA and hello. QA and... Digital Journal. QA and hello. A and you're a muster that are being judged on a very late year. Right now. Yeah. I just heard him like a brick or a very good one. What? What did he just say? Uh... What did he just say? I think he said Jeb was on with Rush. Yeah, I heard that part. And then he said, well, look like that. So who gives a crap? Who cares about Frick and Rush, okay? Why do he brought him someone else's spurrestash? That might be it. Maybe he... Rush has given him a... Well, most numbers. So no, no, no, no. What? Another... Tony Balloni, hypocrite baby. All the same. One of the... Oh, yeah. We had to worry about family values, family values. And most dysfunctional family in a state of Florida, there's the Jeb's to your fan asked governor. It says, please play a week out now. And that was going to put it again. It's nothing even the song we can make it happen. It's dialogue by Chicago. Which happened playing with kills about five minutes. And it's also so timely even in the songs like 20, some years old, 30, whatever it is, 30. About 30, man. Um... How about what? That last break I might page here. How long is that? That's a week break. It's a week break. It's like a two minute break. Well, I checked it on, but we could make it a two minute break. You want? You take long on. I checked an extra spot on. Oh, no. There was just a three minute break. Correct. Well, that's so much wrong. That's not so weak. It's all over. It looks like it. Okay. So let's see. Come on. I got to figure this out. Spam that song. Come on. Okay. Got it. 147. We got the... Tomorrow screening calls because some people out there are going to want to give us a blow by blow. What's going on? Of course, if it's like almost four years ago, I think blow would be the upper to word. WQA and hello. Yes, sir. Two things. One, I moved to it from my boss Miami, too, but been good before to go easy. So we moved to check a flood and up to Chobie. And there's a lot more living and breathing people living there than you were, believe. And there raising their kids a lot better than they get used to me 20 years ago. Yeah. And second, I was, you noticed whenever you talk about this with a bush of order and you start to explain the fact, to them, they say, I don't want to talk about it. Yeah. Which is code for don't confuse you with the facts, right? Right. I heard this being out of touch. It could be so divided. It was killing, sir. But we can't discuss it. Right. And there's something wrong with that point. Well, when you're dealing with morons, that we're going to have an intellectual conversation with you, where you fact-based conversation, of course not. Because they're like this faith-based. I'm trying to say, you got to be faith-based. I know it. It's killing us. Yeah. Got brought this. Amen. Okay. Deal, God. Let's just all. Oh, and I figured that on that show they had there on the CNN about religious and nuts in America, which is what they called it, but that's really what it was. And they showed this thing in Florida, speaking of fat actually, a bush about the faith-based prison. How does he get this stuff through there? How is it possible? So totally unconstitutional? So unacceptable. Mixing again with the public tax dollars with religion. And that's all they know. They keep peddle on us a bunch of phony hypocrites, co-cooked snotten, a pot-smoking, a beard-guzzling, hypocrit rednecks is what you're dealing with. No while she's still on rehab, George P. He's still doing wheylies and he's a girlfriend's parking lot. The other son there, Jeff's other kid. He's still screwing his girlfriend and brought daylight in the car out there by the parking lot in the Talahansi, in the shopping center. And he's telling everybody about faith-based, this and faith-based, then faith-based charities. Just another tax-free scam for everybody's, that's all it is. That's what it's all a boot. WQA and hello. Yes sir. First you get to the convention there, E.L.A. Dr. Fogl. Good luck on that, Tally. Good luck. Don't fall for Elyama. Like those people are listening to us. Elyana was handed down. All I'm sure you're much of a better cash-to-roll, okay? I keep saying this because people a lot of people don't like her, which is fine. She may not be the greatest, but she at least ain't no no Martinez. And she serves her Bob Graham, but that's the seat that she's got a fuel, okay? She couldn't feel his underpants. But that's what we got to go with, okay? But he can't. Right? Sure. You wouldn't know Betty Castro from Castro-Oil, okay? Well she's running for Bob Graham seat. I'm not gonna be in the end. Okay, good. I'm glad I'm relieved to hear that. And don't forget that proposition's in eight amendments on the ballot there. No, no, no. Yes, yes, yes. Yes, yes. Right. Three hours five, yeses. Oh yeah, but the lawyers are doing it, yeah, get lost. Get lost, Doc. Go save a life somewhere. WQA and hello. No, no, it's hard to me. Speaking. Oh really? That's how I think. You got through. You got through. Oh, I'm listening. So you can make fun of me. That's fine. I just had a comment. I voted Saturday. Right. And I took a product camera up because the Bush TV people were right up at the Gensk Line and the Terry people who were holding signs. I just had a foundry. I 20 feet back. We were a little more civilized. Yeah, I think just the Bush TV people seem to be talking to everybody online where the� people were on top of the table. Yeah, I think it's good to be able to get a little more to describe that it's called this operation. Right. And then they were giving out water and this is kind of funny. It says that all the Terry people were giving out water for free. The Bush people were charging a dollar. Sure, you bet. And they also just wanted to make a comment. I think it's a good thing to have that kind of water. Excuse me? I said I got about 20 seconds. Okay. I just wanted to admit that why we can't get receipts. Like they do on survivor, like we can write our names on a piece of parchment and put it in the box. So and have just some free to show you that right now. And you can count on those. There you go. That's my signature. Okay, so we are doing good job. Thanks a lot. See you. You are listening to Neil Rajasthan from Music Video. On my second full dollar. The Bush. I bought the barrel. That's your new. Don't forget early in the office. Don't care. I'm sorry about your mistake. But the weather is crazy. I'm going in. Oh, I'm going in. But it's not easy to be here. No. No. Don't know if it's for you ever. Where it is. It was going down. But when it's on, I'm going to be there. And if it's on, it's going to be there. But it's time to function. Because of being human being. But without you. I'll have you and my life. I'll just party with you. I'll do my easy life. I'll have you and me from the other. But without you. I'll just have you. But without you. I'll just have you. I'll have you. I'll have you. I'll have you. If the party we go, I'll be the man of the day I'll be the party, we'll have to fight If the party we go, I'll be the party I'll be the party, we'll have to fight If the party we go, I'll be the party So let's take it back, we're all just swimming in the hall And we'll go the party, we'll have to fight If the party we go, I'll be the one And we'll be the party, we'll have to fight If the party we go, I'll be the party You're welcome, we're the party, we're the party During the night, we'll have to fight I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a I should tell you it may be myأ剛成理eni existence angel among the canterians born Depois職共他課!! We are the best of all We are the best of all All the best of all We are the best of all All the best of all We are the best of all We are the best of all We are the best of all All the best of all All the best of all All the best of all All the best of all All the best of all All the best of all All the best of all All the best of all All the best of all All the best of all All the best of all All the best of all All the best of all All the best of all We need to take the power to be the power to be the power to be the power to be the power to be the power to be the power to be the power to be the power to be the power to be the power to be the power to be the power to be the power to be the power to be the power to be the power to be the power to be the power to be the power to be the power to be the power to be the power to be the power to be the power to be the power to be the power to be the power to be the power to be the power to be the power to be the power to be the power to be the power to be the power to be the power to be the power to be the power to be the power to be the power to be the power to be the power to be the power to be the power to be the power to be the power to be the power to be the power to be the power to be the power to be the power to be the power to be the power to be the power to be the power to be the power to be the power to be the power to be the power to be the power to be the power to be the power to be the power to be the power to be the power to be the power to be the power to be the power to be the power to be the power to be the power to be the power to be the power to be the power to be the power to be the power to be the power to be the power to be the power to be the power to be the power to be the power to be the power to be the power to be the power to be the power to be the power to be the power to be the power to be the power to be the power to be the power to be the power to be the power to be the power to be the power to be the power to be the power to be the power to be the power to be the power to be the power to be the power to be the power to be the power to be the power to be the power to be the power to be the power to be the power to be be the power to be the power to be the power to become the power to be the power to be the power to be the power we do remember we can make it happened we can make it happen we can make it happen when we either make it happen we can make it happen because I am sweet and I am loving and I am foolish But guard yourself or you….