Sports Radio 560 WQAM presents the best of meal. That's right that tapes her back. Don't start calling, no one will answer. Don't call the front desk. They don't want to hear from you either. As a matter of fact, even when meal or George keep back on the air, don't bother calling. So we're not giving up the phone numbers or the facts. Don't call to tell us some assholes just cut you off and traffic. You probably deserve it. Just sit back, relax, and listen to the best of meal. And if you don't like it, tell us a damn you. Man. How do you know, ladies and gentlemen, is our privilege to bring you a distime. And I wouldn't be able to report to the first international preparation contest. We are speaking to you from the right side of the Great Navalny for the Tory, which is taxable after the spectators eager and curious. But then, with a minusonence, we're not acquainted with the fact for raising to this event. It might be worth described with you contestant. Lord W. Nisveer from Wapping Fog Hall, and Devil's Heroes are both a champion for the same fight. The challenger is Paul Boomer, Nathan's son of Australia, who I understand worked his way to Canada in the crew of an ocean freighter carrying a load of Melbourne cabbage upon which, sort of stated Boomer trains exclusively. I see now that the river Farrier round Lord W. Nisveer's entrance, and yes, here he comes, Lord W. Nisveer. I see. I see right again to come to the mic and phone and say if you words, Joe, so we're sitting and getting lots of from over here for a minute. I'll tell him it's for the radio. Thank you. Thanks. Well, Lord W. Nisveer is a piece of being with spirits. He's smiling and cattie. Phone about him is a beautiful silk dressing gown of purple, purple, velvet one, which is worked, I imagine, to be the coat of arms of the house of W. Nisveer, to beautiful being. And goodbye, Joe. Can just a minute later, Nathan's after I think we're going to have his Lord chip himself comes to the mic and phone. So if you were to write over here, please write over here. Yes, you're right here. Yes, yes, folks. Okay, it's right in the microphone. The champion himself, Lord W. Nisveer. Are you a highness? How did you come to take an interest in this unusual art? Well, I suppose you could say it all started over Lady W. Nisveer's fan. I see. Yes, I noticed. She was constantly waving this fan in front of her face. So I asked her why did you do it. That's why she retold it. The divine system constantly crepitating. She had to fan away in the arms of the vences. They've been withdrawn into the common mercy and persuaded me to capitalize on my provisions. You're all going through it. All that's all. Thank you very much, Your Majesty. Thank you. Good luck to you. That was Lord W. Nisveer, a champion crepator. Oh, here's the challenge. Yes, Paul, Boomer for not swear. Paul, over here please. Please, ask Mr. Boomer to come over here, please. The radio. We want to speak on the radio. Just a moment later, gentlemen. I think we'll have Paul Boomer for you right away. Yes, here he comes. He's a fan of just pointers out. I don't know how they're Paul. How? He just raises that in greeting and starts walking over the microphone. And here, ladies and gentlemen, there's Mr. Paul Boomer. Will you say hello to our audience, Mr. Boomer? Hello, Canada. Now, tell me, sir. When did you first realize that you were proficient enough to take a shot at the Empire's Championship? Well, ever since I was a little nip, I like to fight. I remember you said they'd be mother and father lofty at Bleed Nedsorf when I used to like when going church during the announcement of the light's aid. Excuse me, Mr. Boomer, on the radio, we call it crepating. Now, I like to recover. Well, I always says is a fox of fart. Whether you raise up on one cheek and sneak, or whether you give it a full blast like I do. Very well. Along the TV season of addiction. I personally find people at a word much easier to say. And more descriptive than the longer and more academic. Cappellants. Thank you. Well, I would like to say hello. And there's a bell. Thank you, Mr. Boomer. And good luck. Paul Boomer, horizontal center of the arena, to meet the champion and who is even struck. Now, the house likes to dimming. And the great floods of five-power electric lights cascade down onto the center of this greater arena where stands in simple evidence of the farting post. The farting post is about four feet high and is decorated with red-white and blue-bonding up to about nine inches from the top. The bare top section is worn smooth by the grip of many hands in previous context. So now it appears that Paul Boomer is to be the first at the post. But I'd like to leave his cut to my reach for the challenge to make the first ever. Yes? Paul Boomer takes off his dressing gown and drives to the farting post. He ripped it firmly around the top and flexes his knees. The classic man says not yet been given, so we may assume that these are just preliminaries. I think I have time to describe Mr. Boomer now, but he's ripped from the waist up and wears a tight fitting trunk to the outer blue-trendless collar. These trunk to similar to those worn by wrestlers were one important difference. See? There's a whole lot of six inches in the back and diameter moving to see. This of course has been done for obvious reasons. Mr. Metcrapidure is called the phonetic degrees. This literally translated meaning the Zebra window. Mr. Boomer's finesse to be has a scholar trim around his primitive, giving a very provocative air to this genial austere in backside. Aaaaaaah! On there goes the signal commence. You might have heard it overnight to phonet. A flash on the medieval, a bronzer's archpeagle. The traditional woodwind instrument. The associated with this sport for dancers. And now a hush fall on the west, the vast, strong as Boomer walks slowly. The liberty to the parting post. He's a beauty confident, because one last-all encompassing grain to the tens audience as he grips the parting post between a pair of hands that look as though they could split to the post. Now he flexes his knees. Much in the manner of a boxer. He needs to be compensating on the very top of the parting post. You can hear a pin drop and hear it comes. Aaaaaah! Aaaaaah! Oh, beauty! Beauty, I think it was a triple front of blast. Yes, that was a judge signals. A triple front of blast. That gives him 25 points right off the bat. Ah, I-I-I-I! And another, another of the same. And another 25 points. Ah, that- Oh, by one- No, two. Brother, I- The begger upon three fuzzy parts in rapid succession. It's amazing how this man can change face and start off in by a slight, simple shifting of his butter carry. He's still dripping the post in complete concentration Boomer. Now has the score of 65, those last three fuzzy parts. The five points will be adding 15 to previous score. And now he's something else. A fool's there. A fool's there. A fool's there. A fool's there. What's that? Let's see. I'm sorry ladies and gentlemen, that was a follow-up group where a follow-up grouper the second time in the history of this sport that a follow-up grouper has been achieved in open competition. The only other time I believe was during the world series held in Europe in 1783. During the course of this series, a fan saw a fool. The famous fan's father after leaving a follow-up group but defeated San Init Williams, the Scottish opponent, by only one group and then dropped there. You know since then in under of McEarth, the group had been dropped in open competition. Now the score is 100 and five or boomer. A group of course counts 10 points. But a follow-up grouper, a very discoloured grouper, gives a 40 point. Well, it's that he's been a world-encession. I think the problem is about played out or blown out of the city. What am I saying? Yeah. And he's not too young apparently. By the minute he comes up, a three. All-ball, a little three. Well, it's only two points and very dangerous. And another three. Well, not that. Well, whatever he said is for the other. Right. Well, he said he's putting up a fighting finish. Four three. A very hazardous, very hazardous part because of the danger of clutching. But giving him eight, a very valuable point. And there he throws up his hand. He throws up his hand to the signal that he's finished. And the crowd gives him a tremendous ovation. He's sitting down, talking a little pale, a little warm perhaps. But smiling, smiling happily at the crowd. This man has a definite charm about him that is indeed him to all accept the most rapid, wintersly of man. And his is our weddomeness. Oh, boomer! One, two, three, play! He's here, that whole boomer, a hundred and twenty three points. A world record. Heading Lord Wendysfield's previous world mark of one hundred and nineteen by four points. Four boomer, this moment is the world champion. But how long we don't know because Lord Wendysfield might take it right back again. And his is launched up now, wanting up to the post-aparagree, not in the least disconcerter by the Berlin performance of the talent. He doubts that it a little differently from Paul Boomer. He had purple tight, full length tight, and around the furnace to freeze, you remember the whole cut-out from the Tennessee. Around this there's a fringe of little gold tattles about four inches long. There's no doubt it's some decoration affected by just a moment. He's a thumb-poverty spout here, four boomer and a second on that feet and seem to be odd, you know, with a judge isn't pointing to the fringe on that champion's criteria. Oh, I see. I see Paul Boomer is claiming that the fringe might add a whistle or some of the sound to Lord Wendysfield's efforts in throwing creed to the value. And after all, in a thought-free, four contests like this every little advantage must be jealousy-watt. He judges a pity, agreeing with Paul Boomer, and they direct the champion to remove the fringe. He doesn't like to disinse very much, and the crowd is getting... The crowd's getting resentful, they think he should be a better sport about it. And I agree with him. Always seems to decide if he's got to give in. And he rips off the fringe and flings it to the ground. Then he walks over to where Boomer is sitting. He turns his back, puts his hands on his hip and... Oh! Oh, he leaves a free-brightened four boomers face. The crowd gets a kick out of this as you know, or free for the very low score or only two points. But the throw one away just in a gesture of defiance demonstrates the third of the action record. Which is raising the Englishman the champion that he is. He's filing these things when I was returned to the center of the arena. He's out to the judge, the throw, he's ready, and he'll all watch this. He's not going to use the farting pole. Lord, when it's near the champion and a final gesture of contempt, scones the use of the farting pole. Well, this is developing it a bit of a grudge contest. He has his hands on his hip, he's a part. He's likely bent and... Aaaaaaah! Aaaaaaah! It's first attempt to act another one. Throw it to the wall and another one of third. Three sisters in a row are tremendous. Have a 60 points in his first 30 seconds. Ah, this one. Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah. And one, two, three, four. Four fuses, four. Fragorn fuses in rapid-secret. It's a pleasure to see the even comfort with which his law tip leaves his thought. Perfect technique. And now his score is 80 point, 80 points in the first 30 seconds of the pull. I was getting ready again and on hips. A little bit. Right in the face of a strange hip. Something's there, wait a minute. Something's wrong. His attention is running to him, he's in some kind of distress. I see. If the judges signal, it was a pleasure. Or hard luck, your lordship's hard luck. The champion left there. Very bad pleasure. And we'll be penalized at the point. That puts him back to 65 points, 69 shots of the 120-porting needs to retain his champion. He's also again in seems to be straining a little more caught to three and here. A fun disc break. Oh, a beautiful bit of win-breaking virtuosity. A most difficult, a most difficult part to perform without plotting this man as one of the four controls. And the crowd are really warming up to him. That last deck that's understrake. Count 30 points. And it takes the lord when it's near up to 95 points. It's getting very tense now. And here it is. Here it is. One. A crow blow. A crow blow. Ten points. Oh, right. A resounding single spot of that. I think that is. Wait, the answer judges. A propane that be a single spot of that. A lovely, a lovely change of face there. And now the excitement is going unbearable. As a champion takes a step away from the post. And his score is 120, just three points. Short of the ball. Boomer Mark, just three points short. If he gets one, one more fuzzy or two small free. It's all over the counting. And the challenger will have to return to Australia with his status. I think everyone's hard. A football boomer. He's really a great guy. But when it's near depth after the post again, it looks very confident. And he gets ready for the killing. And here it comes. A free. A free. That's two more points. A little small free was always right. Two points. And now it's actually over just one more. Of those little free. Those little two points. Preeps in the counted. There'll be over. Things as though his law ship was deliberately promising boomers by daring. But boomers smiling is the fourth celebrity. Starring hard is to leave it. Starring hard is to take it like the grand fourth movie is. But you can see the feet standing very physically. His dreams are almost an answer. And now Lord, when it's missed that forward and hello, hello, he's going to use the fighting post if I'll ever have seen. Especially these knees. It looks as though he's going to try for ice-coring effort for a whirlwind finish. Perhaps another ticket. And now he's crying very hard to land this, but starting out on his forehead and even the critical perspore, he's venturing down his temple seems to have a bait. So that this might be last effort should have undivided tension. Now, the depth in the smile from the champion, into the sight is what he's going to get his final bid. He's the audience, so much to a man is on his feet. Perhaps let's get him to think. So this is ice. But like a pureest is the only place. Oh, oh, he's sh**. The champion is just wild by him. The ladies and gentlemen, as the special service speaker, we have brought you to the lecturing side of the Maple Leaf auditorium, a blow by notice-tip of the first depotation contest, I'm held on the International Octopus. The thought, yeah? Replace midweek and meditation usually had a good time. Y'all narrator, didn't yet bounce. Now, back to the best of yield on 5.62 a.m. Here's your brand, honey. And again, it's so crappy. You know, I'd give my immortal soul for a brand that tastes good. I heard that. Be out of the box. Lord of the underworld. What are you doing here? I heard you're not eating your fiber bob. Perhaps you'd like to try a new B.L.s.a brand. What's so great about B.L.s.a brand? Well, one bowl of B.L.s.a brand has all the fiber you'll need to keep regular. But the best part is, it tastes great. Wow. Besides, if you don't eat your fiber, your bowels will call with warning meat. You're interested in the food, transverse tomorrows, and be extra spit from the ocean. Okay, okay, I get the points. I want like my brain. There's a good fellow. Thanks, O Desolate One. There's no problem. And now, about your immortal soul, Bob. B.L.s.a brand. Just kidding. B.L.s.a brand. Because good health shouldn't cost you your soul. They're smoking it out in the Everglades. Voices. Every time you turn around, there's another one coming straight for you. Your mind, your girlfriend, your buddies, right? And somehow your voice, the one that really matters, gets buried. But man, you can't let it stay silent. And that's why the Air Force could be the place for you. You'll earn a good salary. Learn from a hundred and twelve hours. And serve your country. Well, that's the right boss. It's followed. What was that about? He came in here and he said, uh, he would all red in the face. Well, I guess he wasn't red in the face. It's kind of hard for where he fostered. It'd be red in the face. Well, you know what a black guy gets red in the face. You know? But in any way, he like looked embarrassed. And he said to me, oh, uh, you should be talking about my personal stuff on here. I said, what personal stuff you're using? Oh, my plumbing problem. So we take it back. Roy Foster, right, boss? No, he didn't care about the other thing. You keep thinking it's about that stuff with that, uh, sales broad. No, he doesn't care about that. Everybody knows that. No, he's concerned that people will like, uh, somehow this great ex-dolphin player. When we all admired when he played all of his really badly out of shape and fat now. And we understand why he tried the Eccans dad because he's big as a house. But at any rate, he did not shut blood. I just made it up. Not, we talked about Maya incident on the year before. Remember why you shanned blood? Right. And all these people were calling me and the doctor on the beach was calling me. Yeah. Because if you're not uptight and sensitive and when you blush, Sure, we can see. So we know when you're offended. But when we're blushes, we can't see it. So that's, and coasters show a one more good reason not to be black. Because if you're going to be sensitive and start blushing about stuff, how that'll be supposed to be known, huh? I don't be known it. God damn it. So Roy did not, uh, crap black or a green. Whatever was purple. Red. Whatever color it was. Oh, I was purple. Okay. Whatever. Just go upstairs and do what's your name and get out of here Roy. Go sell some spots. Here's Darfield. Hello. Nail. Yes sir. How are you? Great. Never been better. Listen, I just stepped into house for a minute and put the TV on. You should hear Pat Robertson praying for Carl F.A. Tucker. So well, too late now. Hey, the one that's going to fry. You know, why should it be any different for the men than this for the women? Yeah. You know, you're sticking acts through someone. They're going to fry you. Has nothing to do with men or women. It has to do with that. She's born again sir. Don't you understand it. She's a born again. Christian now. And how that she's changed. So what maybe O.J. will, uh, you know, see the light. Yeah. Well, that's the thing. She's all ready to go. Me, her maker. Good. I wish I could pull the switches are flip it for. Or you're the needle. Stick it to her. Yes. Have a great day, Pat. See you around. Hey. Everywhere you go. It's the same old crap. And because most of the people are supposed to be selling and or coordinating most kind of activities are busy. Bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop. Do an Arietta routine. So George tells me during the last break that he's had several calls from upstairs upstairs, upstairs, meaning the power structure of this joint. We're all the yantas sit around all day finger do it, diddling each other. Or themselves or both as the case may be. We're trying to get the stains off their clothing. And, uh, people, I know, are you okay there? I think I went on because Joe Costello is in here today. And, of course, is usually back at the other joint getting emphysema from what's in the building. And he's just sitting here observing that day in case of course, and he's the backup, if we can say that, in case George is going to be out sick, which being here today, Joe means, uh, count on it in the next couple of weeks. Trust me, he's already planning, uh, the days. But I mean, doesn't that show you how pathetic and paranoid you ask? And George says to me, oh, my get in fire right now, yeah, because he just bought a house. That would be a good time to fire his ass. Although, at least Joe is circumcised. I'll say that. That was only an accident that I just dropped my cigar. It wasn't. It wasn't. No. If I'm brushing down there, it's only because it's a cigar edge. Let's go to a mobile and west palm beat. Hello. Hey, what's up, Neil? How you doing, sir? I got a couple of quick questions for you in a couple of comments. Okay. So I never heard just show before he came over to QAM. And, uh, I basically, this two, two times of the open mind, um, I think your insight on hockey is, is excellent. I think, you know, a lot about the game, and I appreciate some of the things I hear in your comments about it. Yes, sir. But, um, but as far as, uh, you're other comments, I mean, I'd rather use to the sports. I don't understand why you'd rather I stick to sports. Well, let me say this to you, sir. Again, I don't do a sports show. I don't do a hockey show. I don't do a sports show. I do the highest rated show in his market for the last 20 years. Then he'll Roger show and will continue doing so. Don't hang up on me. I'm not hanging up on you. But I will say this. I don't take direction from listeners, especially people who don't even know what my show is about. Okay. Well, like I said, I came on board with an open mind. Right. I've been on the air now here for like five weeks, and it would seem to me that if the only part that you like here and is the hockey stuff, which represents about 5% or most of my show, that you would have been long gone by now. No, no, no. I know. That's, I tune in. What's it blue blue blue? Because I'm in my car a lot. I'm in sales. You know, uh, I do when I hear a hockey, I keep doing otherwise. You know, I think you're an ignorant jackass. Yeah. And, uh, you know, I think your belly views on daily life. A lot of them are misconstrued and you just don't know. Misconstrued, you know what that means? Yeah, they do. Misconstrued. If you misguided things misguided, misconstrued would be misunderstood. You know what that means? You just understand a lot of things. No, no, when you said views would be misconstrued, that means that whoever would be hearing them would misunderstand them. Perhaps that's the problem. No, I think you don't get it. No, you don't get it. You'll stick the hockey buddy. Come on. Hey, stick it up your ass buddy. Goodbye. See, there's another guy that can't handle it. Another one of those real nervous nellies, probably in the closet. Now, back to the best of you on 560 2 a.m. So, where's the Davey Gravy life? Back home. I took your calls on the e-bonics. They say the future means bad for me. Now I can't get snow job. Because I don't got no little rithc. As talking like a no-be grown. If I didn't stop the how this way. Now I can't do nothing. But my heritage says that okay. Change my name to shoot for a ride. Do send the quota in the can and land. I remember when I was feeling. Hold the white pants, cause hanging outside. The velvet their bath. Grind the blues, our bar the teeth. White there was got snow job. Hold me and tie. Tie. Hold it by me. Put it my line of change now. Tie. Tie. Got to go in cell mode. Rackle King. Rackle King. Rackle King. Rackle King. Rackle King. Rackle King. Rackle King. Rackle King. Rackle King. Rackle King. Rackle King. Stage 2 Rackle King. Rackle King. Rackle King Rackle King. Rackle King. Rackle King. Rackle King. Rackle King. Rackle King. Rackle King. Rackle King. Rackle King. Rackle King. Rackle King. And he will, maybe I'll look in the old white bitch Steel a purse and pull her hair Then I gonna take some money by a cereal and a fridge a day I remember when I was dealing all the white men's cars Hanging outside, a velvet earbar, ground the blues that bothered me White devil's got no job for me and I Body bondics would give my mouth a change now Has to go with their mole crack okay Crack okay Crack okay Crack okay I think we really struck on a walnut here today if you ask me I think we've found a guy who would top it that we should have been talking about years ago long ago If we only would have realized we had 600,000 Jamaican just living here in a city of Miami alone And two million it what is it two and a half million Jamaicans and they can grow it put together at all that includes Palm Beach Because in this article it's interesting. It says Brazil's fans absent promoters hopes of breaking a soft photo soccer attendance record fell short Conspicuous by their absence in Tuesdays crowd of 43,754 were Brazilian fans when recent years of Fildi Orange Bull or Baba Baba Baba Baba But perhaps only 10% of Tuesdays crowd was pounding Samba drums and wearing the blue green and yellow national colors of Brazil So that means it were like 4,000 Brazil and 40,000 Jamaicans in at Orange Bull last night 40,000 Jamaicans and more of the Jamaicans if they really live here if they're not illegal aliens or came down from Alabama or wherever They're hanging out. I mean, where the hell do they live where are these people have they infiltrated that's very quietly? Are they busy selling weed on street corners in little Havana? They're Miami this city of in the city of Miami selling jerk pork and jerk chicken is that Haitian? Let's do making yeah jerk So Haitians don't jerk pork curry. Yeah Haitians don't have any food at all. Well, I know they're not doing too well But I mean they must have some food to reproduce like that But seriously, we've got the different at the groups we all know about the Cubans and are some people love cubans some people hate Cubans I love kind of like you know the young Cubans. I love a lot the ones that listen to the show the guys and And then we got of course our American while we don't know what to call many more just regular plain old black folks African American which I hate that just just black guys Women whatever Which they're okay as long as they stay put and In of course the Haitians which we like you said they haven't got two nickels to rub together and they're busy so in the baseballs Which is good at something very productive. We like that and they don't seem to bother anybody as long as they mind their own business And see out of their neighborhood and that leaves the Jamaicans who seem to be the the question mark Ethnic group in South Florida and today. I think we're gonna find a lot more out about the Jamaicans Like that lady right huh? They're not on welfare. They have jobs. They go to work What do you mean they're not on welfare is the are you suggesting that there are others who are on welfare and don't have jobs? Is that what you be suggesting? Yeah like Americans black white and miscellaneous and Cubans Cuban Americano Cubans are not on welfare. There are no Cubans on welfare. Most are knowledgeable anyway like myself Oh, thank God. Oh, thank God. Well, I was thinking like Mary Lito is they never got any food stamps or stuff when they came over here or driver's license right away We've got an animal of different Oh, Mary Lito the probably not either what do you mean that was really weird? Well, that was not illegal I'm not talking about the ones that came in illegally I'm talking about the ones governor Graham wealth and with open arms standing down around the shores So Bob Barker was standing right there next to him. So I mean that will be sure get your children's spade and neutered But I guess they were listening. Okay anyway. Let's do a mirror Mar. Hello mirror Mar Yes, I got a question. If that dead born again Christian bitch. Yeah, leave that heaven was like the ultimate reward It was so much better than life on earth. Yeah, why she tried to save her life all because they could be the excuse that we're given yesterday It was well boys. She's got so much to contribute and she's thought as so much work to do here She won't be doing no more work hair boys. She's dead. Here's a good idea Well all the Christians who want to be in heaven when I'll pick active kill each other the sun the ones that they're killing Even where they want to be and then look at the electric chair or the needle or whatever right? And they'll be there too Sounds good to me and you can start with those change on a coconut excellent Okay, thank you. Okay What is the question the question was about your makins, but this guy's too worried about frying born again Christians not a bad idea Those wrong with that see the the arrogance that that thing in Texas was a classic example of the arrogance of Most religious groups not just born again Christians or Catholics or Jews or orthodox whatever But and I'll be religious groups think that because their stuff don't stink and they're got us the right one Therefore we bend the rules for us even though she was convicted in a court of law She killed these two people with a pickaxe and We already know while she was on drugs. She's got this excuse, but she found Jesus and she's born again and therefore because of that That we should make an exception the law doesn't really count which of course proves that a lot of born again Christians think that they're above the law Like the ones who are busy bombing abortion clinics in Birmingham and elsewhere, etc. So on and in Tallahassee in Pensacola God's law is right God's law That's right guys laws above all the rest and Cal Thomas knows God law just read the a son sent a law Let us do the editor this morning because the the board against they know what morality is and you damn well better Listen to them because they're definition of morality is what everybody else is gonna do good enough for the president's good enough for me Here's for Latterdale hello Niel yes sir when you 20 year old circumstance you here all right I want to put my vote in for the Jamaican okay. I love him You do love the Jamaicans we want them to understand that yeah, especially the ones in our neighborhood here They there might I have some neighbor's there Jamaicans there are wonderful people And they don't smoke on you. Yeah, we just want them to play their soccer with a more convenient time for all the rest of us Hey now is Florida Panther hockey and he better than Jamaican soccer right now. Yes, it is yes. It is Oh, I don't know maybe Any hockey shini hockey would be better than any kind of soccer sir soccer is terminal and there is no case to be made for it I don't care if there are even a billion people all over the world sitting right now tearing each other's hair out over their soccer jerseys soccer is terminal Make no mistake about it. But not after a couple of nice to make and do these Okay, all right well that goes to show you That's all you need maybe they don't put up a weed concession at the arena. We can do the hockey games more Okay, I'm the first on the man for that job. You're hired All right everybody and radio back dad your do spaz okay and put your yamma go away And your tits is too so now in a middle of the show after getting into a big son of dance with our Jamaican friends Now Greg reads says oh, it's a great show, but guess what we're writing the middle of a little Jamaica here Aman and by the way, I'm leaving for the day said Greg read no doubt he's on his way out I mean today here's a mobile in Pembroke pie. Hello. Yeah, I'm on you're on Yeah, we're in one if you get that that Copy or that a managed scene I want to bang you in the butt. You know something Robert who's one of our boardops at the estation a fine American brought it in He brought a tape that all those stuff and I've been wondering that myself I wondered the context I keep asking myself what conversation was going on on the ear when I I want to bang you in the butt honey and George of an other room interview. It was a locker room interview I bet it was with Danny boy is what I heard that's rich. We think about me. Okay pal In fact, it was he was talking to Josh Friedman when he said oh my god, you're breathed so beautiful That was my favorite conversation. No seriously stop and think about this. This was on the air on this station and Manage in the middle of a conversation blurt's out. I want to bang you in the butt honey How do I rest my case? Do I have to prove to you that he's one of the most entertaining people in America right there? I rest my cases. Here's West Palm Beach. Hello. Yeah, Neil. Um, this is Brian. Um, listen Your genius. You know that. Yeah, I know that Last night when you were probably home you're thinking What am I gonna do to boost my pathetic show? Yeah, you're probably I'm gonna show that my pathetic show that the guy who's on a phone. I listen to every day right Pardon me. I said my pathetic show that you listen to everything. No, no, but don't don't cut me No, no, just just come in. I'm not cutting you off. But I'm having a conversation. Why do you why does some of you people just like you've got blinders on? Like you can't hear what I'm saying to you. You listen to the show every day. Why don't you admit that? You want? I'm a Jamaican. What does that have to do with it? What what has to do with it is is that you So how you know how do you know about the show if you don't listen to it? Well, I've been been saddled with it. You've been flipping it. You sound like you sound like you've been flipping it. Hello, what I want to say? Yeah, what did you want to say here? What did you want to say? What did you want to say? How many times are you gonna repeat that? What did you want to say? I want to say the jerk chicken and jerk pork is a season like the restaurant that you go to where you have to dump all your salty and black pepper to get a taste We serenade or meat and we Seasoned it the perfection yeah And what does that have to do with the price of peanuts? What does that mean? Sir, I have his suggestion for air listening sir Yeah, okay. I was going to tell him the jerk pork, but I think he already is I serenade my meat Yeah, I'm on oh my think of that correct and he never my pathetic show. I'm gonna go some of my rain like I Invented this massive crowd that we had on the road last night and I was just salivating I was just sitting there forming at the mouth. Oh, this is gonna make great material tomorrow right The stress level on a scale of one was was infinity, okay? That's how bad it was just praying that maybe eventually Sometimes before next sockets we might wind up at the arena get to see the name hockey game But I just invented it and I just am an evil person who may occasionally jerk pork Now that's the best of you on 560 QA and sales people are ice holes. I want to start the amount of February and this week With something that I rarely rarely if ever doing that is apologize to a sales hole because I've been saying since I came on here And again, I don't you know I'm brand new on this station I don't know a lot of these people. I don't know the different personalities the different psychoses, etc So everybody's told me the Gary Sarner is an asshole and of course he gets fired and then a week later They hire him back and now I'm beginning to understand why Gary Sarner you can correct me if I'm wrong on this is the sports Sales manager right was oops Used to be well with any rate. He was involved in selling the ball games the dolphins the marlins the pantas whatever the sports stuff Now it seems to me and again I don't know because I'm certainly not privy to any Numbers or any real insight information But it seems to me that when you listen to the sports events on this station But there's a lot of advertising in fact when a game is over like a Panther game I mean on and on which is fine. You gotta get those spots in there make some bucks great But the fact that we've got what 42 sales managers here it indicates to me that maybe Gary now He is hung like a mosquito that part. I do not retract because we've talked to guys who have shoured with him And yes, they do have communal showers here where foster was told me about that last week He said just like being with the dolphins you shower the sales people and I said blue hands not involved met as she well Maybe that's why I lend a door a left she couldn't she couldn't handle the heat anymore So to speak Communal sales showers well if you're gonna be a sports station You gotta have that kind of sports ambiance So at any rate they have told me that Gary Sarner is hung like a net okay So I don't take that back, but he may not be an asshole because at least Maybe he's an asshole at least gets his job done So I've been thinking over the weekend because Friday is something happened to me driving home. They're just I've been thinking about this a lot because I've heard a lot of people belly aching about there's no spots There's no this and then that waiting book came out about two weeks ago and this station just went through the roof Went through the roof Hank is sitting there with a 7.3 share and men in the afternoon number one by a country mile The morning showed giant share and men and I keep hearing people saying well, this is no spots ready We've gone from all spots radio to no spots radio And I see somebody like Linda Doyle who's a sweetheart and a very very a student sales hole and a very conscientious person. I see her bailing out of here and I'm saying to myself Something is wrong here. So Friday I'm driving home and I'm listening to Hank and we come to a break Finally at long last we come to a break And now I hear that And it's that got awful muddy sounding distorted PSA that they were playing here on this show the first couple days when we had almost no spots And I'm thinking to myself after you know get this picture after noon drive Friday afternoon top rated show and they're playing PSAs and Hank don't even have time to go take a leak or or maybe Whatever you had to go take there with the yagal tournament because there's no spots And it's suddenly dawned on me thinking long and hard about it this weekend that Luan is the asshole Up in sales and of course you probably don't know Luan but maybe we'll get to know her better Maybe we'll make her into a celebrity because it seems to me that there's something missing here because the people are responsible for selling 6 a and the 6 p.m. other than ball games There are the ones who haven't had a 40 year they couldn't sell you a glass of water to a starving Europe for like a one Rupel whatever the hell that Europe's a god what are the Arabs have besides V.O. now what kind of a dinner or do they use in? Good question see even the you missed your smarty pants don't know the denomination of the things that they use over there The Russians have got their Rupels the Dutch have got their a guilders the Italians have got their lira What are they what are the Arabs have? Besides a militant anti submit a get it to which is self hating because there's somebody said he all started it Yeah, we did and we're proud of it so anyway. I'm beginning to understand that maybe Luan is the asshole upstairs and sales Because there seems to be like a little bit of a problem here and we have sales managers quitting every week And come back every week and there seems to be nothing but absolute chaos up there up there meaning upstairs on the turd floor here at the Power 96 complex If I were involved upstairs or not what is it? Dinar vinar no, it's not time even for lunch yet much less dinner Reals we're getting a whole bunch of stuff. We don't really care to be honest with you. Okay. It was just it was just a little Thought there because I backed myself into a corner and I didn't know fill in the blank Whatever kind of money that those barbarians use That was the point she couldn't sell them a glass of water. She couldn't give it away for free and they are water either Okay, is what I'm hearing well, maybe not that part because there's something seriously wrong here Which is maybe why you know the beeslies are a little tight with their money while we still got that money sounding cart machine over there Like that which I thought they had that song and then George was telling me the story about the production studios over there and Duff is ringing his hands and wondering what tell it's all about course. He's always been wondering what it's about since he came here And then the way and we're not gonna be able to straighten her ass out. I think she's maybe she'd better take a demotion That seems to work very well look how much Gary Sarner is straight in himself out. Oh, he hasn't well Like I said the way and it's been nice knowing us we are but to get with it already. Well, yeah I mean this sales department. I thought you were I thought that all those months that you were working in production When I was in limbo having a great time I thought you were exaggerating. I thought you were joking And then I came over here and we have like a lot of our own spots which most of we brought with us But other than that I'm telling if they took all the trade outs God only knows what this place is getting on these trade outs, but if they took all the trade outs off the log on this radio station We'd have to have a tank of oxygen for each show just so we could continue talking at along with other than the interruptions It is absolutely unbelievable beyond a shadow of a doubt So somebody somewhere must be living on high off the hog I'll tell you that because they got trade outs for everything in this joint couldn't we trade out a couple of cart machines? Oh, I'm sorry that has to do with radio. We don't want to do that Couldn't we possibly do that could we trade out like something that might benefit the radio station We don't want to do that Grugs got his car and this one's got this and this one's got a few cruises on the side and yeah We got a lot of incest to what stuff going on here Too bad we didn't hire Steve nickel to be PD then we couldn't I had a have it We could have really operated a sheep operation that would have been no programs just spots all day I'd have brought my shop in cart Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha Oh, man It's just shocking to me to see how I mean how it you can talk about rating success is only to a certain point But you can only get a certain share of the audience at that point if you still don't have people I can go out and sell it and make a make a profit then you got a real serious problem Which is why the radio volatures in this market are circling over on this great dank rainy windy nasty horrendous Growth test day on which the turnpike was an absolute nightmare this morning northbound Which snack I was going southbound and all your rubber neckers by the way You're a bunch of assholes as usual but on this day You can look up there even in the middle of the murk in the mung in the sky you can see the vultures swirling around right over this building And I'm sure we're on Sheridan Street just waiting for this operation to go belly up So they can come swooping in and add it to their collection because that's now what it is in radio as you know And I told you this couple years ago when they started this insanity at the FCC and it let everybody gobble up the radio station to few companies It's like collecting it's like collecting baseball cards We collect radio stations and TV stations and unless somebody gets their as in gear upstairs You know when you have people that are telling you that they've been owed money for eight months or nine months when you hear it about these car machines So that the spots and promos on their little woo woo See I have to wonder about some of these other people at work in this joint there's such a thing is pride I mean great it not everybody's got the same kind of cloud can open up a big mouth But how long can you just keep coming and working for a goddamn paycheck and I'd say hey, you know what? You're a little bit like crap in my right? How long can you just fumble your way through life without demanding just a little bit of excellence? Maybe not a lot of excellence, but just a little goddamn bit guys buncher whims they're the sports guy that buncher whims like algal stain said a bunch of faggot That's a deep clump you moron right on now and quit eating so much We talk and talk a lot about that to about the eaten business the eating business about everybody You know like presenting you with food putting food in front of your face I guarantee I predict right now. I'll never see the first at march if this is the food thing doesn't stop And by the way my no lunch tomorrow sweetheart that the food thing has got to stop Or I'm gonna be dead and yes Howard Kleinberg I did buy a bag of M&Ms if you're reen it the hockey game on the attempt again Saturday and you want to know why I bought a bag of M&Ms beside your week Besides being weak and hungry three o'clock game. Okay So I didn't really eat a lunch which is a mistake we get there and I get a weenie They don't have the pole of sausage anymore which stump and spelled real bad But they have weenies that stick and spelled real bad like maybe they once had force can real recently and they weren't washed off Maybe there's a little pecorino in that in that weenie how come it is that at the stadium at pp park A lot of the food not all of it, but a lot of food is pretty damn good and in the last few years They've had all kinds of stuff. They not only have the arrepa queen over there, but they got burgers and they got all kinds of Delhi sandwiches and they got the all kinds of stuff over there But at the Miami arena I'm gonna tell you and I don't think that we can blame this one on ballty They're I don't think he has any control over it I think it's Mickey Eris and in those bastards who must have some kind of incest was deal with some kind of Grotesque food the concessioner or whatever they call him the food in the Miami arena is Unfit for human consumption and ordinarily I have my diet soda and that's it. That's my that's the extent of my Embibing at the Miami arena is a diet soda. That's is dangerous as I'll get and I'm gonna tell you that That weenir that they put on that I'm gonna tell you something that if anybody ever would eat one Intentionally again, they must be desperate and the same starving era been the desert who wouldn't buy the glass of water from Louanne upstairs Would definitely not eat that winter even if it were kosher I'll guarantee you that right now The music's pressed on the previous programs are those of the host guests and callers and you're not reflect those of the busy broadcast group It's staffed advertisers for agencies