Thanks a lot, Gally. Oh, our death was out. I'm fucking ready to get it all sick of the fuck. We are sports, ready to open our city. Telling QAM, my enemy for a dinner day. Rumor has to buy new main man, Moe was ripping Gally in the ass this morning. That was moving up in my book, I'll put it in that. What's up, you fucking gotta call him? He's a bummer, one of the rated D. Moe, I would have been in his home. He's the one in my ass, variations. Oh, wow! Hey, away from me, I don't even hire you. Children, they're above, hello. And I want your take on J. P. Miller. Oh, J. P. Miller, is it great, cause I can a good joke. I like J. P. Miller. Well, not the mention, he's got extraordinarily smooth detoxes. Oh, yeah! You gotta be careful what you say here. Oh, keep the, thank you, Moe. Oh, no, wait a minute, don't go. But I have nothing else to say. Look at that, how about this? I was the way the down there in the mirror, Mark. I'm the right down the street from you. Oh yeah. Oh, I know. Wait, but always, I know. I have the book. I told you what, I'll hold you all the way. I'll get you one of my old, uh, tantatizers. Just that. No way! That worked the only color we had. The things I know is all in the game. They're going to enjoy the night. They're going to enjoy the night. They're going to enjoy the night. They're going to enjoy the night. They're going to enjoy the night. Wow! You got to think, which will stay. I'm going to know that I can stay. And around those old things, I'm going to walk high. I want to walk and you'll go, I'll get that irailleurc. I'll roll back up here, silly, You got your happy son. Wait, do it. Wait, do it. I know clothes once I've been steered. Almost every day I think. And my veins, as they start, they're tickled. I had to know it. And the door to the door is full. Yeah, I'm full. I got full of a bag. And the door to the open. And the door to the open. The smell fills me up, The people they were in. They didn't watch the scene. And angels don't watch the things. I won't spinal, just, never read. With no...ining, people they, Can I? With the murderer, for? Don't know, for the murderer. I'm so glad. Another thing, a little bit of an extra light. That little bitch's sweet voice. I didn't think they got anywhere, a little beauty milk. I thought we'd see if you could. I thought we'd see if you could. I thought we'd see if you could. I thought we'd see if you could. I thought we'd see if you could. The more white you, the more white you. Yeah, what about the more white you? What do white you? I'd wear nasty shoes. I want a tie. You're a pector, we know, don't know. She's a roll. She's in a comb. And white white. Why do you why you're the spat you? That's fine. I know my smell of Dracula. But unlike Matthew, you still got such a job. I feel just like you, I'm my Jim Rutter. And when you do it, I'm not fine. That's why you're so not fine. That's fine. I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm on a show. I'm going to do it. In a couple. That's the movie of Clayton, the show by. All right, that's enough. 10. Oh, five, five, 60, WQA and what a place. Oh, man. It's the best. What do you mean? I mean, it's just a ain't like no other place. Here's our first fact, so that 80, give you an idea what I'm talking about from Bill and Fort Lauderdale. Excellent. Thanks Bill. It says, Mo was out of control this morning with his utter content for Steve Goldstein and his new found respect for you. You got to like that. My name, man. Mo, the mole man. You wait till I get back to town. I'm going to kiss him right on the lips. You'll see. I'll take pictures. Okay. I will. I'll give a big of wet one. We'll be sucking face right there in the studio. While stopping, just short of proclaiming you, Neil God, he was ripping Goldia new one, talking about how useless the Saturday hockey grats you would be, even referring to humorous times as guilty. One of Goldstein's responses during the eight to ten show included the phrase, well, he better get it out now. As if some major change was out of here, rising. What a circus. Very well put, Bill. I'm going to ring me brothers. People are in awe of us. Let's speak of the ringling brothers. We have a trained monkey working on getting us some audio portions of that. Oh, it might be great, sure. I can't wait to hear that. ought to be sensational. Absolutely. 90 sure. Regarding last week's depends story, Bill, says I was wondered why Mr. Lonely fifty dollars. Were those stupid suspenders now? It makes sense since we all know that a full one is a heavy one. There you go. Got to hold up that big adult to pen with him suspenders. It's a no good point. Okay, let's take a look at the S today's pool. I must make my confession now. I really apologize to the entire world for doing this, but I'll tell you right on the year. Yes, today for the first time in my life. I actually watched about 40 minutes of, do I even, do I even dare say it on the year? You have to. 40 minutes of Oprah. Oh, no. Yeah. Do I watch 10 minutes? And I'm going to take it something. You women out there and I certainly, well, we don't have any women anyway. We got the third man. So probably we don't have the Oprah crowd, but those women at a watching. They are the step for wives. Make no mistake about it. They didn't need to remake that movie. All I had to do is just take a shot of the audience on the Oprah show. God. I mean, I know that she has no talent and that it's just another one of those mind things, but good, golly Miss Molly. There's no show. No. Forget about the fact that Bubba really never said anything. She was asking all the usual and sipping questions. And, oh, it was just horrendous. But you, you think that we got a lot of spots on some of the shows on this station. It's in all spots hour. There is no show. And she comes back and she'll ask go one, simply bring it out of question. And he'll have an expression on his face. And the silly woman are going to like, oh, oh, they're tearing it up. They're tearing it up. And over nothing. And they're applauding like the step for wives. Like automatrons. At any rate. And then like he'll say a couple of cuties. And then like a minute and a half later, well, we'll be right back. And the president's going to redo us from his book. And every minute and a half, there's another break. What kind of a format is that? Even a worst team that ever had a four floor mat like that. So, god only knows who those people are. They're watching that crap. That's a sad sign for America. The fact that that bitch is making all of that money. And that the housewives of Merck are glued to that crap. If she says, uh, squad. Fifty million women are running out there squatting right in the middle of living room. What's your take on Bill Clinton? We asked quite frankly, it was a very unimpressive interview to say the best. I mean, there were really wasn't a interview. Right. And I saw that British interview. What's that on? Yeah. The one where he supposedly lost his cool. They showed a clip of it this morning. And I thought that was great. It's about time we saw somebody animated as opposed to the walking dead like John Kerry. Good to see somebody divains pop and write out of his name. And of course, the substance of what he said was absolutely correct. That the media didn't give a crap about how kids star was terrorizing these people. And trying to put all these innocent people in jail like Susan McDougall. And dragon people's kids out of having the FBI drag him out of school in the middle of areas. Right there. Questions you gave him a complete free ride. Any of you they wanted to. They and died at all these little people from markets. I wondered you care about them. They're not famous. Who cares if they're last with trample? Who cares if their children are humiliated? Who cares if stars and FBI is for their school and riff them out of their school? So humiliating. Kind of forced their parents to lie about me. How do you like that? Well, what timing man? I got it. That was sensational. Thank you. Very taken. That's not. I'm not facing could do some acting with a face like that. That was great. Yeah, I love bar. I mean, yeah, he made a lot of mistakes. He had a lot of things wrong, but compared to what we got now. Anyway, here's the pull from yesterday. And that's what people are thinking mostly. What's your take on Bill Clinton even though I'm not going to buy that book? Because I would never read it. He was much better than W. 875% of this audience said he was much better than W. He's the greatest 640 and another 33.4% add those together. He got 78.3% that is overwhelming. How do you like that? He was an embarrassment 207.6%. Well, I guess we're embarrassed by that multicolored, curved penis. His ego is out of control 93. He has an ifty penis 62. He was weak 32 and he was tried to upstage Carrie 24 out of 1944 votes. Then there are 2,000 votes. I'd be like that. I'm pretty impressed and you ought to be too. I was impressed to hear it about Moan. Goal it. See, the audience thinks that I make these things up. And I tell you that Geldy hates him like poison and has for a hell of a long time. It has been calling me and everybody else in town, including people out of the white pages in the foam book to complain and wine about it. That's the truth. And of course once Mo gets with for that, they know what's going to happen there. But really, when you're coming down to it, I don't want to stick up for too much, but when you really stop and think about it, who are the people that he turned on accept us? Now we know that he was wrong about us. Even he started to admit that. That's right. But the beast, good point. I don't want him on this show anymore. He's kind of like the station mascot. You feel sorry for him. And he waddles around, he waits for him to explode right in the middle of the studio. Beast Geldy? Huh? What? So I'm thinking that maybe he is an all bad, the Moan might be absolutely. Not too good, but not all bad. I see a chance for a real rebonding there. Goldbond? Yeah. Goldbond. Civil Shepherd is on our way behind a beaten curtain today. Now if anybody don't know who Civil Shepherd is, she ain't no Kelly Shepherd. I'll tell you that. Oh. She was born February 18th, 1950, which makes her kind of an old bag if you ask me, she's 54. Wow. That was the old as I am, but she's, uh, she's getting there. Civil Shepherd. That's sad that she's already 54, I can't believe that. That shows how old we're getting. Right. But that picture, unfortunately, are unfortunately. Yes. How about a look at it? It is not what she's 54. No, it's a pretty good picture. I don't want to read the whole. Because everybody knows who she is. She was in, uh, while Justice Slave. She was in civil because they didn't have to name anybody. Baby Brokers. There was a little boy that he teched of, uh, the long hot summer. Nothing really any, very good when he came right down to it. The lady vanishes. Daisy Miller, the heartbreak. The last picture show. That was a good movie. Right. The press. That was very morbid and depressing, but anyway, There is civil shepherd take a poock at that on our behind-the-beating crew in the Fear with ages 75. But lots of heavy duty stuff including the new FCC fine. Oh, wow. Oh, wait, did you hear about that? 99 to 1. 99 to 1. What's really close? You've got a real hell of a good chance of getting a Freedom Back at America. Right? No. Forget about it. Freedom is just a distant memory. Freedom of speech. Freedom of anything. It's all gone. Because we got that courageous congressman really going to step up to the plate. And they walk off, uh, they're going to write a walk off bill. Is what they're going to do. By the way, I found out where that term came from. Yes? Dennis Eckersley. Stop talking to your teeth. I like it. Yeah. Go ahead. Now he, uh, he dropped that, I guess, uh, right after his career. See, and I look at that. Look how much different he sounds. He's that talking to his teeth. If you listen to me, you could have a great career, but when you start talking to your teeth like that, people start, you know. So Dennis Eckersley said to walk off for a month, huh? Yeah. He's, uh, he started it. He had a hell of a mustache. I'll tell you that. And he had a full head of here. He had a big head of here. Fresh sloppy. He was like, uh, from the neck up by hairball. He's like the rungeromy of head. I mean, you know what I'm saying from the neck up? No, it's play. Oh, no. Oh, no matter quit right there. Well, I got the child's out for your ice pot coming up right now. And if you want those guys who only is jealous of people like Dennis Eckersley, and people like that like hair all over your, maybe your jealous around Jeremy, but I doubt it. Anyway, Charles Alphay, or I can get you some serious looking hair right back, and say that, moosey looking look, or some of those people like that, nasty mousscrat look, absolutely. It is, uh, uh, uh, uh, a hoot and a holler. If you want to look really great, if you want to like change your life for the better, Charlie can do it for you for more than 35 years. He's been doing it for big shots for low shots for everybody in between. He's been on Good Morning America. They today show CBS Morning News because Charles Alphay, or he's natural hairline system is the most amazing. The best looking in the universe. Keep in mind, the most critical area of any hair system is that hairline, and Charlie's new skinlight care system is 100% un-detectable, which makes it really un-feelyable. That too. And it gives you this money back guarantee. So what he got to lose beside a shiny ugly bald spot that makes you look, golden decrepit. You try to share system for 30 days. Not good man. For a lot of month if you don't love the way it looks in fields and smells, return it for full refund. So what's not to like? Call Charlie a day, forget about the mousscrats and the pills all those dangerous, stupid looking things and start to look in better and younger than you ever dreamed you could again. Call 1-800-3212413. That's 1-800-3212413 or check them out on the worldwide web at CharlesAlphayRE.com. I'm on the list. This is sports winning in my 60 year old. You way am. See this is, and this is my theory like when Neil Rogers also ends the kind of thing like if you throw a ball out of me runs the other way. Can you shout a hockey puck in Neil Rogers? He'd be running down 4-41 the other way. Now you should have done a tools of ignorance and he was a catcher in minor league baseball and you could have gone pro. He decided to do a video. Actually it's probably been more profitable. Freedom fair. Freedom fair. Let's bury our head. Help. Freedom fair. Freedom fair. Freedom fair. Freedom fair. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. I'm on the stand. Don't show up so fine when it's the moment. We're here. We're here. Freedom fair. Freedom fair. Freedom fair. Freedom fair. Freedom fair. Freedom fair. Freedom fair. Freedom fair. Freedom fair. You know, we're very concerned about whether we're going to have parts on a radio but they're two more American kids that got killed in the RAC this morning. But you won't find it on the CNN website or MSNBCs website. You're going to be as I know. Is that about eight o'clock. I saw the crawl on MSNBC. Two more US soldiers killed in a rack. So the media this is kind of like Vietnam and reverse. Remember in the beginning when it was one or two soldiers killed right away with big news and we had the names and it was like on all on all the websites and it was like the lead store-all. Now, American soldiers get killed. It doesn't even make the newscancening where small potatoes as we approach the 900 number and pretty soon a thousand, and then maybe 2000 and who knows after that. So ordinarily, I would start off with a bad news Tony that two more American soldiers dive. I just can't find a story, but I can just tell you that bad news. David and Kendall, Facts, and says you read an article on Monday about the death of Baby Ali, who suffered from an easily treatable condition. Yesterday, you read an article about where the proceeds of Iraq's oil is going and they were not going. Today, CNN is reporting that the pipelines that were all but destroyed through weeks who are finally up and running as of today. Thanks for those little gas prices Mr. President. Oh! We can't seem to get basic medical supplies to the Iraqi people. There are people in major cities that would out of like to visit your clean drinking water for over a year now, but by God, we got those pipelines pumping again. All right, right. I'm speaking to that. Speaking to the mad dog. I got to play a little bit of this from yesterday because he is doing a show this week from Rick and Vic from that golf tournament. The quality of the line was so good and whenever he can't. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. That's how you reach us here on the show. If you're out there or from Iceland, no less, can you believe that? The dial is up. Even more, mazing. Yes? I stand in front of you now. Two years later and say, it took me a little while. I'm a little slow learner, but Neil, I apologize. Yeah! No! You have got to be kidding me. You know what? I apologize back, even though I didn't try to get you fired. Like you try to get it out of the store. My career and try to get George fire. And everybody else in the building. I take it all back too. Let's start fresh because I think I've just made a new ally. I apologize! Right! Well, I don't have anything to apologize for, but we're still continuing to work in an ass, but at least I think you finally understand what those bits are all about. Right. Which is why we started out with a double build one today. They're bits of love. You're not going to believe this. This is a true story to show you how sick I am. You know, the D Purple One, which I'm just obsessed with. Oh, that's phenomenal. It's classic. But I went to bed about 20 after 11, which is about, I usually about 11, 15, I go to big in my eight hours. And I'm laying there and of course, when you go on vacation, when you're away for a while in the bits that were like really timely, right, before you were before the one on vacation. And then you forget a couple of them. And I started thinking about this and I came running in here. This is the truth. I got out of bed. And I came running in here and I had to listen to it. Oh, you're sick. I'm not going to call him. I'm not going to bring that. I'm serious. And listen to it. I've just obsessed with that. You're a sick man. I am. You got to play that again. We might just play that for four hours today. A main man, the moment. Apology accepted. See, the whole deal is now we're all we're all going to pile on them to guilty. And rightfully, so there is the chicken in the wood pile. That's squeaky voiced. No town of little backstabbing twerp who wants everybody else's job. Oh, when I talked to your little kid, he thinks how to do the morning show all by myself. And I think, yeah, I think he's right. I don't need mo and I don't need Joe and I don't need anybody else. That's the chicken with a wood pile. A man who's got no town. A man who's got a voice that like scratch your nails on a blackboard. In fact, I think we got to have a new bit called nine sounds that you hate. You know, remember this one? Sure. It's a closet. Yeah. Yeah, there's the ninth one. Okay, the sound of that voice. Anyway, let's get to some serious stuff here because you've got me. I play it one more time. I got to hear that. I stand in front of you now. Two years later and saying, it took me a little while. I'm a little slow learner. But Neil, I apologize. Oh, my God. You're on the roof. Oh, man. Like I said, my main man, the molemeister. I never thought this day would come. You know, I just can't wait to be. In fact, I'm not going to kiss him on the lips because that would gross both of us up. And I will stand there and with my arm around your shoulder, let you take a picture of that and put it right on our website. Sure. Then we can party. No. I'll bring the bag. You know, Hilbery is on bag. Here's today's poll question. She's, I mean, I start out by admitting I actually watched Oprah 40 minutes yesterday, which I, it just, I can't even believe I said that out loud. And then we got the apology from all things are happening. I asked the girl, what's his name? Muff and the Clarence this morning when he held your roses coming back. And he said, the little bit. I said, yeah, that's what they said. As the Gregory, the school of neurosis continues to cure me. It's just amazing. I think I think the soap opera aspect of the radio stations, one of the best things we got going for us. And I know one hand you've been frustrated, but on the other hand, the audience loves it. Anyway, here's today's poll. Which of these people best fits this description? Let me say it again. Which of these people best fits this description? Someone famous who used to dislike, but now like a lot. And I got Judge Judy. Sure. Good choice. I agree. Because in the beginning, when I first saw Judge Judy, she was just another, she was trying to do the straight routine and just to be a, you know, the hanging judge. But now she's a hooch. She's hysterically funny and I just think she's great. I love Judge Judy. I love what she bitches at these young trailer trash people out. You let your anti-Semitism get in the way. That must have been it. What's your excuse? Okay, now what do you got for anything? I'm going to agree with Judge Judy unless I hear something better. No. The same thing. I didn't like in the beginning. Josh, you've had anyone for this? I'll think of somebody. Okay. Which of these people that you used to dislike, but now you're like I'm a lot. How about Mohour David? There you go. Absolutely. I love Mohour. I want to have wild monkey sex with Mohour. I, I want to thought what up. Yeah. I'm talking about her last week. Ditto. Ditto? The singer Ditto. Yeah, I know. I called her something else, but we better not say it. But now we better not say it because. Oh, that's the court of a million plus. Yeah. Now, can you imagine if we had like Rado, blah, blah, blah, about 20 farting sounds in a row. That's the end of the budget for this month and next month. And I would have thought that with parents and muffle right in there together this morning, maybe the discussion would have been about something important like Senate okay's higher fines for indecency. And even though the final bill hasn't been hashed out in sign, which you know that virtual sign in the heartbeat. It's going to happen. If you think that your Spindless Congress or the Democrats or anybody else, the green party, the purple party, the purple people leader are going to pay the side of this for get about an ink going to happen. None of them have any guts. The only, this story is just astonishing. What was it in the house? It was like 291 to 25 or something like that. The indecency bill. Faith with public eye over racely language explicit scenes and skin bearing outfits. The Senate overwhelmingly agreed yesterday to find radio and television broadcast and personalities as much as $3 million a day for airing in decent entertainment. Oh, I got. After the effort was stoked by Janet Jackson and Justin Tickabell's wardrobe malfunction at the Super Bowl, the Senate rushed to bill through on a 99 to 1 vote without Florida Bay. Zyne America. GOP Senator, the ultra-right wing Nazi Sam Brownback at Kansas said the issue has been debated enough. Lawmakers have continually criticized broadcasts for airing what they say is increasingly course programming that can be seen or heard by children. People are tired of this indesumaterial on over the Republic broadcast, particularly during prime time when people's families are watching said Brownback to bill sponsor. We're going to have to take action because the broadcasts won't police themselves. Under the measure, the maximum fine-crabled broadcasts and entertainers would increase up to $275,000 per incident, up from 275 for licensed holders and 11,000 for personalities. The fines would keep increasing for each incident until a maximum of $3 million a day is reached. The House passed a similar bill that would set fines at a half a million. Differences between the two bills must be worked out. The Senate moved the measure without debate as part of the massive defense bill expected to be approved later this week. The only Senator vote against the measure was Senator John Brod, Democrat Louisiana, and the reason he voted against his cousin's retiring at the end of his current term, he ain't got nothing to lose. Even our great defenders of the first amendment like Ted Kennedy and Russ Feingold, all of these others sell out, say voted yes. I rest my case, freedoms dead. 27 after 10 at 5.60 WDQM at summertime, days are getting longer nights can be shorter, which means it's so important for you to get a good night's sleep. If you're not sleeping as well as you could call 1-800 mattress today, millions of people have called 1-800-MATTR-ES to get the lowest prices on the best brands in vetting. The easiest possible way to get you a great night's sleep for a long time to come. Say the time, save money, improve your productivity, and pray in your disposition with a good night's sleep. Dalam actresses ranked number one in customer satisfaction, number one is of the 2004 better business bureau local towards a excellent reward. When you call 1-800-MATTR, you'll get the best prices on a best brands delivery on your schedule, that's who I wonder that you pick and the best customer service in the universe. Dalam actresses got all the goods, they got the complete line of ceilies, shirt a King Quail Simmons temper peating, and Stearns and Foster Hewitt. From Kenless Stewart Palm Beach to Ford Myers, Dalam actress deliver right to your door to find his vetting going anywhere. Everyone at QA including yours truly, living called Dalam actress for a long time right now for our beds, you should be doing the same. Log out on their website, macros.com. If you like or give them a call at that toll free number, they'll be knocking on your door no time at all. 1-800-MATTR-ES Why in local, here's 4-20-560-USUAM. From back to the Mojo and David Sheldon. I want to hear you, please make them. Finally, I have the show up to myself. Ooh, look at my profile. Then there's buttons here. Um, the Mojoins, it's really baseball. Like, what do you hear this? I'm quite scared of my check, it goes. Let's hear it! Help! Let's hear it! I'm getting this. I was out the hallway, see? And I saw that little feast out there, and I glazed it in his face. I don't think it can say that. I'm not that way. With spittle. You spitting his foot. Yeah, like this. What did you do that for? Because I hope I can pass by. I think it's not tight to do. But your attention is fairly sweet to you. I won't ignore it. What's it so far after? So I'll say, now, now you're in for it. Ooh, I believe you. What's it, dude? Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh. It's what that's so far at you. What's the most important thing? Why you spitting little hunk? What the hell do you know? It's because of you, I got a lousy show. Recreate those. But that's what I call great things. I'll spitting my eye to that. But now, I'm not gonna lie here. Ooh, gently, me. Let's do this. I'm gonna do this. It's what that's so far at you. I know what that's going to do. I'm gonna do this. I'm gonna do this. I'm gonna do this. I'm gonna do this. How many seven to eleven and five, 60, WCM? Let me take a look at that schedule. We got the Amanda from... From? What? We don't know if he's back. How is he? No, of course he's not back. He's from a rake of a guy's song. How do I let him be back? He moves fast? No. We got the Humperate 4. It's 6.30, got your barlins on deck. Atlanta at Florida. The Braves, Marlins and Pullman Outlast. I find four to three. Braves at the barlins tonight. 7.05 game time at the ballpark. Any K-A after the ballgame. Michael Moore and his distributors don't forget this Friday. It's only two days away now. Oh yeah. For an i9, 11. Michael Moore and his distributors lost their opinion. The lower the R rating for Furnit 9, 11 is skating a solid on pressure and pushes actions before and after the 9, 11 attacks. Lions get films and iFC films. The movie distributors set an appeals board for the motion picture association of America rejected the request to reduce the rating to PG13. The R rating prohibits those 17 and younger from seeing fair high 9 level down the Delta one good thing about all that is they can't vote anyway. Right. Right. So gives a crank. The movie which won the top out of the last month can film festival was rated R for violent disturbing images and for language. The movie's images include an Iraqi man tossing a dead baby into a truckload of bodies. Iraqis burned by Napam and a public beheading in Saudi Arabia. Tom Morton, Bird President of Lionsgate films that argued with the appeals board that 15 and 16 he wrote should be free to see the film on their own because they could end up in military service in Iraq in the next few years. That's an excellent point and it makes too much sense obviously. I hope the R rating does not have a large impact on the box office or it in Bird said I've spoken with many parents that including some on appeals board who absolutely. Absolutely. Said they're going to take their children to see the film. They just have to hope that look at people took other kids to see the patch of the Christ and all that violent crap that whipping and beating and flailing and bleeding and all of that garbage. Why wouldn't they take them to see something that has some social relevance? Well besides a bunch of fairy tales. That was for a good cause and this is a short one. Yeah sure. Well just have to hope the teenagers were encouraging to see this picture find their way into parents or adult guardians or just sneak in the live on the rate good fake ID. I'll take everybody who wants to go. I have see entertainment president Jonathan serving disagree with the MPW is ruling at in but we do respect the process and appreciate that the MPW listen with open minds to our appeal. As anyone who's read a paper watch TV surf the web or chatted by water cooler this week could have test the interest in Fahrenheit 9.11 is grown to mammoth proportion during went on. It's a shame that Fahrenheit 9.11 become inaccessible to a segment of the American population to whom this film has a great deal of revela of relevance. Opens in limited release in New York today. I don't know that. Did you? Nope. In New York City. Well let's go. Let's quicker New camp and nationwide about 850 theaters on Friday including here in a T.O.T. Oh! I'd be like that. That's a homework assignment for everybody. Well everybody connected with this show. Not everybody else at QA because this movie obviously has nothing to do with TORTS right or maybe it does. I don't think we're going to get too many. Maybe it's a tough question to the. I thought about that because we've asked. We've done to be verse one which we got a tremendous amount of response somebody that you used to like and now you hate them like poison and of course it's a really negative thing. We got tremendous response on that. I think we've done that a couple of times. We've never done this one though. It's a little more positive than a blifting like looking out my window in a sunny shinin beautiful going to be 75 that I hear low humidity. It's just great. So it's uplifting which I realized how far it hates it especially since it's 100 reason to shade even screw-an was in this morning bitching in more. So you made me so. Too bad. And by the way, go take a quick shower honey. Anyway, which of these people fits best? Does description. Someone famous you used to dislike but now you like a lot. To edge duties got four votes. Dino's got one and more how we're doing. It doesn't only three names we got so far but let's take some more. WQAM. Hello. I like that one. Hello. Yes sir. I'm on the score. I really hate them now. I love them all. Excellent choice. Thank you. George Rodriguez. Let's get a little George on there. The audience didn't give him too much slack at the beginning but now he's grown on them like a gigantic malignant tumor. Lots of slack. I told you that. Now they love your performance last week. It must have been sensational. Even Josh said you were great. More on test. I pay him to say that though. He didn't say that. Now that he where I'm sure was an excellent week. I just had that feeling good. See it on our website. Had a lot of hits on air. Of course mostly was for Britney Spears and they could pitch his but nevertheless. Now it was good. And of course I was putting the audience on being on to them. I was putting those great bedtime stories on here because I'm a hell of a guy. Yes you are. And even all summer long when I'm going to be doing just my two days and two and all and the two minutes like rush. I'm just still going to be putting them for stories on there. Thanks. All right. That's a good. I recorded that. Yeah. Because see a QM one of our biggest problems and it's not only QM in America in general. The work ethic. You can't complain about it because it doesn't exist. I mean most people like our radio station. They just they just kind of like sloth their way through the day doing as little as they possibly can feed in their face with a bunch of free food and donuts and crap and a bunch of free sodas that they scam out of our refrigerator there. And then they just go home and that's it. That's the idea of doing it. Work. Work. Work. Work. Work. Work. Work. Work. Work. Work. Work. Work. Work. Work. For just a minimum amount of effort already puts you like 100 miles ahead of the pack. You're like way ahead everybody else. Do I have to get up? No. You don't even have to do that. Just like pretend you're making an effort. Now let's just already put our sales department. You're a million miles under my book habit. It's absolutely going away. With a five tier Q. You're going out? Do you know guys. Yes sir speaking. Hey. Disough and fired up. The new york times. Adam Greed article when the we can review on Sunday. Uh you know. you know this whole link that they try to say that oh definitely that I was saying now that I had a link which no we we had that I'm yesterday talked about that all I will try to say yeah well the new or times has a great article that but that just has out for being a work for work kind of these advice rums felt changing all the way up even the head monkey about exactly the words of what they said you know in their speeches and statements tried to link exactly and out of a commission showing even there you know even the public is the mission to say that eight months right but um yeah I heard a little bit you were talking about uh routine in the spaceship I have really excited about that I hope that uh that he widens up the planet a little bit we get stuck in that in the space and see how little the places okay well good luck to see how little the places I thought he meant the earth is what he's probably trying to say is nobody's trying to say something like that something like a space could have because he's obviously done some good crap already this morning 24 11 at 560 WQA if you got a good crap in bad crap at all kinds of crap in your carpeting what are you going to do you're going to go to the supermarket and slap him a bunch of happy equipment all of course not nobody wants to do that because all you're going to do is make a mess anyway just sit back pick up your phone make one easy call to dry concepts at 1-800-248-507-1 they'll come to your home roll up their sleeves they will dry clean your carpeting same idea is dry cleaning your clothing but they're the only ones in the world to do it it's a exclusive patented method that leaves your carpeting looking and smelling and feeling just like he had brand new laid right there on your floor they'd run a couple of hours they smell them and you fresh and you're ready to rock and roll again so we can clean today and entertain tonight it's more than just another advertising slogan no rip off no games no scams at the end of the job no disappointments they just hand you a nice little rose you give a check could they give you a guaranteed written price up front before they start to know where company be that so whether it's your area rugs your area of the cupboards your flying magic carpet uh... your carpeting draper your post reef all these things got concepts of the ones who do a superb unbeatable job for you they've been doing it my house for twenty years and if you tell me to put under stand by list of seven extra fifteen percent off your all on our on ready on unbeatable deal like i just said column tall free one eight hundred two four eight five oh seven one that's one eight hundred two four eight five oh seven one or check them on a worldwide web a dry concepts dot com my and low this is for three of five six two two the breath of beautiful coming at tonight on inside behind the true honey with celebrity music biography profile story we take a good part still looking to start they were a band that took a while to settle on a name all they knew was that it should probably be a slang word for a woman's breasts they were the hooters all brother the these guys go through the names tonight chat steels the hooters manager brings us where footage of several of the bands early club dates like this nineteen eighty one appearance in Cleveland okay everybody give it up for the enormous followed by a county fair show and a movie okay everybody give it up for the boat ages finally at a club in Wisconsin the band thought they finally come up with the simpler is better approach okay everybody give it up for the hello is this me on so at last they decide on the hooters we have a hit and then we find out this new restaurant chain is suing us end of career you know the restaurants I mean where they hide the girls with the big basones the gigantic jugs the massive melons the huge knock the hooters I guess they were about a successful as any band named after breasts could be it's a big juicy shopping with look at show is right tonight on inside the mind can forty seven I'm gonna get a lot of hoots on his pool today because this is not the one twice in the same week I guess that I just uh... struck them other low-duty verse but that's okay I don't care I think it's a really good question just something positive and this crowd on like it elmer says I know you'll disagree with me on this and I don't need to care elmer it's not a question I'm not just asking what meals opinion is that's why we do the pool at elmer but I want to add m and m to the list he sharp woody linguist and lyricist as well as a master manipulating the media to his advantage Jim carry comes a close second but I'm an m and m for the poll you've got it at lma p s I still hate more how we're David how do you like that absolutely okay we don't mind do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do m o and I we got everybody in a really good mood now except of course for the odd man out boy he's really something else that that too look at his door just uh... right on judge do these as their she's got some votes George has got five more hour david has got three and that diidos got a pair we only got seventeen votes probably if I shut up and put some more names on it we get some more votes right maybe let's try w q and hello yes sir yes i think you're poll yes i'm an issue will be past yes i'm not under any illusions i mean i know when it comes to like cultural issues yeah i understand what you're saying yeah but but i definitely have a i mean it's all part of the same thing in his world view he's putting a america first et cetera et cetera which i think is why we should be trying to do you know look at our own that a price of six the world um... exporting democracy et cetera so he would be my top choice if you do the reverse poll about it's got to be the so-called or precision okay thanks when we uh... when we do the reverse one about six months will keep those in mind okay are you sure yeah we won't forget okay i'll pat you can i can relate to that we talked about that all over here's you know kind of like Nazi light now compared to what we got five six seven oh five six the pound five six the only AT&T line w q a m hello yes sir hey hey do a today sensational good good yeah i don't want for your poll all right i tell you i hope so much i thought i love with bubble okay you know he i would do anything to have him back i almost i i think i think that's why people are lining up for that book so much they made a man i even read it they just want to show their uh... how much they miss what we had before well i won't read the book either uh... but uh... i wish you had a back i just uh... i don't think i know ten five years later okay thanks pali don't put them get them on their bubble he's peddling books he's all over the place he's everywhere even on your pop up toaster in the morning the reaver moon honored at hill reception this story is it you know wasn't bad enough the story about the ascended bill on indecency ninety nine to one vote what does that tell you see it's an election here in the idea that anybody would be seen as supporting quote unquote in decent speech or indecency on broadcast airwaves i mean gone for bid so we just don't have anybody with any balls basically who's in the office we got people like Michael more in the people or you don't hold any political office they're the ones with a ball they've got the egotis like rout later who's busy running around all the black caucuses get out of there you're gonna screw up again all chance no way i got the answers i'm gonna do this and i'm gonna i got one suggestion for your rout retire that's my suggestion you pathetic old egotistical piece of crap you bagged of a wind more than a dozen lawmakers attended a congressional reception this year honoring the reference some young moon in which moon declared himself to be the Messiah and said his teachings have helped Hitler install and be reborn as new persons this is your government in action folks at the march 23rd ceremony in the dirtzen set of office building representative dany k davis democrat of ilanoi war white gloves and curate a pillow holding an ornate crown that was placed on mervin moon's head i'm gonna pee the Korean born business man and religious leader then delivered a long speech saying he was sent to earth to save the world six billion people emperor's kings and presidents have declared all to have an ennorth that mervin sun young moon is not the none other than humanity's savior Messiah returning lord and two parent details of the ceremony first reported by salon dot com writer john gornfield had prompted several on it is to say they were misled or doop by organizers their complaints prompted a moon affiliated website to remove a video of the crown of peace ceremony two days ago but other websites have preserved details and photos moon eighty five has been controversial for years renown for his officiating at mass weddings he received an eighteen month prison sentence and a two-for tax fraud and conspiracy to obstruct justice in a nineteen ninety seven sermon he likened homosexuals to dirtied young eating dogs among the more than three hundred people attended all our part of the mart sir money was said at a mark date and democratma soda who now said simply he was honoring a constituent receiving a peace of ward and didn't know that moon would be there we felt it into it we were doop date and spokeswoman christly leases said yesterday other lawmakers who attended war were listed as host felt the same she said everyone i talked to his fear issue said women as though is demanding to know what the deans of follow-up moon leases said the senator persuaded the same poll pioneer press to write an article allowing him to reply the events organized just loon nearly a hundred honorees from all fifty states received state national peace awards the only international crown of peace awards went to moon and his wife some republicans who attended the event including representative rosco g Bartlett said they did mainly this little the washington times a conservative leaning newspaper owned by moons organization i had no idea what would happen regarding moons coordination speech Bartlett said yesterday but a key organizer our special George stallings junior pastor of the money temple independent african american capital congregation northeast washington said moon framer al-rulshada surprise nobody he said a march eighth invitation tax to all aim al-amacostated at the primary program sponsor would be the interwilligious and international federation for world peace funded by doctor and missus some young moon who would also be recognized that evening for their lifelong work to promote interfaith cooperation and reconciliation you have to be death dumb and blind not to know that any event that's spotted by the washman times could involve the influence of the potential president of the river moon he said use of the durson building requires the senators approval datan city gave no said permission and stallon said a question who did so he shrought out in mystery nobody wants to take credit for it I guess so there you go your government in action again baby and proven methods of prevention are showing the spread of this disease are slowing the spread of this disease you always talk about that you're a diversity of the bush disease yeah there's going to be one prevention to make sure it doesn't be correct again that's another number second five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a eighteen t and two rise of our list line which of these people best fits the description someone famous you used to dislike but now like a lot judge duties got nine little judge there's got a more Howard David is moving up with six how do you like that moe you're doing it absolutely MNM three died those got the pair do do do do do do you had you can't in two and two foot and it's got one or only 31 votes we're just not going to get much on this you know what who cares that's what we're not here to give votes right reverse what I think that's the idea right coveted qaim hello yes sir I just have a number no I don't think so is this w qaim you're calling yeah well that's me okay um that might be in the nail yes you are um well for the poll I would suggest wrong Reagan only because he's dead let me think about that for a while let me put my thinking cap on okay and see if I can analyze that for you see you you know you're right we'll have to switch the poll we'll have to do the reverse way again I hate we've done that before we've I try to come up with new stuff that we've never done before but you people are so negative and so hostile and so because it's a soft word of things I understand it's 400 degrees in the shade you're pissed off that you're there and you're all been out of shape about the mosquitoes the size of bowling balls and that humidity and all of these things you know but geez really sad no you're proud yeah you're here right w qaim hello yes man yeah hi um first of all I wanted to come in on that sun young moon argley notice how they never said any part of it that I heard that anybody walked out right they all say is they were all of all of set but they never actually got up and then while they only proclaimed to be upset after got into the media that they were there in the first place then they're trying to cover their ass oh of course of course but the way we really and I called was the article about the rating on the bowling for call by listening to me for a fair and fighting the fair and height 911 the reason they were saying they weren't going to reduce it from an hour was because of the baby in the truck and and something else I'm sure you never seen it but did you know that the monkeys made a movie years ago just at the end of their their TV show they used documentary footage in there from the Vietnam War one of which was that street execution in Saigon where the guy gets shot in the pool right they showed that at least three times one time in slow motion the guy falling all the way to the to the ground with the blood spreading out of the head guess what move what rating that movie perhaps the day one gee absolutely I don't understand I don't understand and listen we can't even play far sounds on a radio anymore much less show things like that why I get that it they're trying to say that this is not politically motivated or that this isn't some sort of big change in things but that's the thing even before this Janet Jackson has been a very strange thing about that well if it's real it somehow doesn't qualify as being uh gratuitous so because it's documentary footage it doesn't look like a new story another that the senate is past this thing ninety nine to one you just watch them go after the cable and after satellite radio and satellite TV you ain't seen nothing yet oh I'm sure so I'll see it the border I'll see it I will fall is okay we'll find Michael more okay thanks thanks but 1057 at five sixty wq and Michael more for president and who do we say yesterday for VP somebody we like so much I forgot already so who is it we must like the moment yeah we like them a lot nobody wants to talk about cancer heart disease especially when you're thinking about your own health yet you're with yourself and your family to be sure that you're in good health it's a proven fact that disease response extremely well the treatment if you take it early that's the key finding it in the beginning before it's too late Hollywood i'd not take centers proud of when I'm so they're virtual colonoscopy coronary heart scoring and full body screen exams these are amazing miraculous test that can detect cancer other life training diseases in their early stages before it's too late the doctors before it was needed so for all your imaging exams call Hollywood i'd not take center at nine five four nine six six thirty six hundred for the test that like I said can find something early or if you're getting a good a clean bill of health like I got there give you a tremendous peace of mind at Hollywood i'd not take center the effort to stay with the art imaging equipment with open MRI high speed cat scan nuclear medicine and much much more Hollywood i'd not take centers been doing great work in sound photo for over 20 years their facility also provides a complete mobile diagnostic service that can come right to you if you like fall down and break your neck call Hollywood diagnostic center for your imaging exams today and i really do mean it it could be a life saving phone call one of the most important you might ever make call nine five four nine six six thirty six hundred that's nine five four nine six six thirty six hundred nine five and look all this is for your life to be way too late yeah look crap you can unwrap all the slime all the time no another audio selection from the cleansing memoirs more campaign in today god what a pain in the butt i can't believe it i'll tell you one time when people walk up to me and throw their baby in my face i'd like to just put it like a flip-off a cleansing memoir hey what do you say we go get big max in a besia that book stores this summer 11 out to a five sixty wqm most chains of pull a noon will turn it around will flip flop it well i let's do it but we're gonna get any response really good on quotes on air all or you're leading this one that's good that's a good son they used to hate George like poison and have a like some a lot for at least not as much a no that's not what the poor said hate like which of these people best bits of the description somebody used to dislike but now like a lot they love you they want to come there and just hop all over your bones said the picture i don't think so George Rodriguez 15 judge duty 13 i love judge duty she's a trip she's a panic she certainly beats hell other doctor duty i'd like to watch that yeah i would like to see her beat the crap out of that bitch although they do look alike built sentence seven more Howard David it's got seven you're moving up mo do do do do do do do you and then got seven pet you can in six uh di do's got three and Michael Moore's got one well that's probably because most of our audience didn't dislike them in the first place well turn it around at noon or you want to do it now i mean this is just the beating a dead house whatever we can do it there i mean all right we can do it on and we say George one oh yeah no no chance so let's turn it around i eric of course is going to put the other pull thing on her because he won't let the Josh have full control over the web so it's hard now what i don't i just i don't understand is i'm trying i appreciate all eric's work for us and i website he's a genius he's uh we we love him like crazy uh the moment he tells me that he had a spin next number of dollar that check is it before the day is out but would be before 230 this is the truth while the show was on i'm right now to check the cover the expensive the uh the band with or whatever it is and it's in the mailbox by 2015 just to make sure he gets reimbursed how do you like that to show how much i appreciate the great stuff he's done for us in the past but then again no no seriously it's just that uh he's a little slow on the uh hand-in-things over play that mull clipp again i got to hear that i stand in front of you now two years later and say it took me a little while i'm a little slow learner but Neil i apologize it's way deal you are the truth unfeelable oh man i tell a like it is man i tell a like it is he went in her it's like uh like a boiled burst and the by the way he was experts at there that was a boil it's healing up very nicely thank it was a boil let me tell a story again about how that boiled juice smells real bad not boiled over let's uh change it around which of these people best fits this description somebody famous you used to like but now you uh how do we put it this like a lot you hate them fill it hate him like poison okay that's a good way are you sure to put it yeah you're you're gonna get a lot of votes fill make no mistake about that that'd be the one we're starting with fill Henry used to love fill Henry now we hate him like poison he's turned into a rat in a right wing looking phony baloney uh backsteading piece of turd hate him almost as much as gilded in that quite in fact that's a good one on there too we used to like yelty i mean he was okay it was innocuous he was harmless but now we despise him so there you go Eric let's switch it right now when you get around what in between baloney sandwiches someone you used to like a lot but now you hate like poison that's right up the alias not for like you said no your territory did askcrawt brush off terror warnings this is a horrendous story from NBC news but it's typical way to the here that there's one line in here that just makes you want to puked the 9-11 commission is busy writing it's final report while he was too busy covering up statues to pay attention to stuff like this covering up those naked breasts the 9-11 commission is busy writing it's final report but it's still investigating critical facts including the conduct of US attorney general john askcrawt NBC news is learned that the commission has interviewed two FBI officials who contradict sworn testimony by askcrawt about whether he brushed off terrorist mornings in the summer of 2001 and a critical month before 9-11 did askcrawt dismissed rights of an alcada tack in his country at issue is a July 5 2001 meeting that's my mother's birthday by the way July 5th at birthday age a life fifty two thousand one meeting between askcrawt enacting FBI director Tom Picard that month the threat of an alcada tack was so high the white house some of the FBI domestic agencies and warned them to be on alert yet Picard testified to the 9-11 commission that when he tried to brief askcrawt just a week later on July 12 about the terror threat inside the United States he got the brush off Mr. askcrawt told you he didn't want to hear about this anymore democratic commissioner which had been viste a askcrawt April 13 is that correct that is correct Picard replied testifying under oath the same day askcrawt categorically denied the allegation saying I did never speak to him saying that I didn't want to hear about terrorism however another senior FBI official tells NBC news he vividly recalls Picard returning from the meeting that day furious that askcrawt had cut short the terrorism briefing the official now retired is talked to the 9-11 commission and we see news has learned that the commission investigators also tracked down another FBI witness at the meeting that they rubin Garcia hit of the criminal division at that time several sources familiar with the investigation say Garcia confirmed the commission at askcrawt did indeed dismissed Picard's warnings about al Qaeda when you get two people coming forth and basically challenging a sworn statement by the attorney general regarding a critical meeting in the history of 9-11 event you're a serious question about the attorney general's truthfulness had Paul Light, a government reform expert in New York University professor askcrawt's version of events is supported by his top aide who attempt the meeting put another justice official also there who askcrawt's office claim would dispute the cards account says he doesn't recall. In other words he has got enough cash yet. I don't recall the conversation that interim directed Picard referred to said deputy attorney general Larry Thompson expert expert said that in the context of 9-11 the issue is not trivial was there are communications breakdown between the FBI and the Department of Justice at the highest levels of each why don't we have impeachment hearings going on right now dammit for john askcrawt for Don Rumsfeld for George W. Bush why in the world especially with all this above stuff going on and a book and all this business about Monica and the stain on the blue dress and all this other baby craft that they dragged us through the mud for two freaking years and wasted $70 million a year tax payer money on how come we don't have impeachment hearings right now for high crimes and misdemeanors and lying felonies he lied about his sex life these people are lying about life and death and let me say it again the two more American soldiers did in a rack this morning and during every break I go to CNN and SMBC which reported on the call on their own network they still haven't discovered that they got it on their own network CBS ABC NBC is anybody got it all warriors associated with the budget report uh any uh website I can find it and you know it's just a matter of time it will finally come up but now you're lucky if you can see it on a crawl that that's how minimal the lives of your American people have become here's a great story I love this day and and right in line with what I'm saying about where's the anger where's the outrage where some action we want some freaking action baby the associated press to the Pentagon in the air force yesterday seeking access to all records of George W. Bush's military service during the Vietnam War long overdue it's about time maybe the war must start in a finally turn long overdue filed in federal court in New York where the AP is headquartered the lawsuit seats ancestors to a copy of Bush's microfilm personal file from the Texas State Library and our cat's commission in Austin Texas the White House says the government's already released all of records of Bush's military service by controversy surrounds Bush's time in the Texas International Guard because it's unclear from the record what do these he performed for the military when he was working on the political campaign of a U.S. Senate candidate Alabama there are questions as to whether the file provided to the news media early those years completes his lawsuit adding that these questions could possibly be answered by the human copy of the microfilm of Bush's personnel file of the Texas archives the international guard of the U.S.A. federal entity has control of the microfilm which should be disclosed to its entirety of the Federal Information Act the lawsuit be saying the White House has yet to respond to a request by the AP and April asking the president to sign a written waiver of his right to keep records of his military service confidential Bush gave an oral waiver in a TV appearance that proceeded the White House's release this year materials concerning his National Guard service the government did not expedite their response they did not produce the file within the time acquired by law and it will not now estimate when the file might be produced even confirmed that the efforts been initiated to retrieve a copy from the microfilm that the Texas archives the lawsuit says. In the absence of any privacy objection by the president and in light of the importance of the files released in advance of the November election says the lawsuit AP seeks a court order to compel the release of records that are being unlawfully withheld from the public cover up just like the chain remaining with the energy meetings all of this stuff government in the dark man government behind closed doors lie and lie secrecy that's what it's all about that's the right about the votes about Jim Bush and the votes the other day if that doesn't make people just blood through it that is making just run out of the streets screaming and yelling there there's no hope you know I mean there's no hope oh I knew that oh no like I said that Eric man he's a son of a he put those names on there that was a trick I see okay what's in these people that fits this description somebody famous he used to like but now hate like poison let's see it's a toughy we got Steve Geldy Geldstein that's he's getting my vote I can't stand that torpedoes even remember now that he's even town he'll probably come on here with this one day until his all those stories he's got some great stories although lean so far are you sure Phil Henry's got six of the first votes in the Geldy got three Fred Durst don't have any now why do we hate Fred Durst I hate Fred Durst and see the worst Fred Durst I like I never like in the first place I could live with the world out of him I mean I like their music I like their music yeah I just hate Fred Durst yeah he but okay you see you're talking to your teeth again try no it's not he when he stopped talking to his teeth before he sounded like like a munch like somebody belongs on here like Dave Hagan there's a guy that belongs on here yeah you just say that because you know he's Jewish now yeah I was just waiting for you to say that no he's they was good on here courtesy good we got we got some good people on here which makes you wonder how come we got so much of the big and then at twirp how come we got them on here we got some people really belong here and we got those little no we got other people I could talk about sports Curtis talks about sports Josh there talks about sports Dave Hagan talks sports what do we need the big oh I mean against that personal he's a nice likeable guy but man he's got a person out like a brick like a boxer rocks plus like Hank always says he don't know what now he's talking about that's a little bit of a problem but nevertheless I can't wait for us Marty don't to run on the Durby again next year can you who even you know more about horse racing even you were like an expert on harness racing only because all the names have been dropping over the years right and you've been the pump of a park what's let's have a harness racing hockey and homo show what do you say all the three-h club 11 13 at five 60 WQM with a heat of summer here right now it's a great time to get out of that old car you've been driving get into a great new spiffy toyota from Armstrong Toyota of homestead you'll find them on US one just 20 minutes off of the eight thirty six maybe a little far from where you live but it's worth the drive because they're gonna save you so much money thousands on unbeatable new toyota's with rising gas prices maybe you want to get a car with more fuel economy the legendary Toyota Corolla can be yours for just 11 990 or lease it for just 209 a month need a great Toyota for that college or high school grant how about the Toyota Echo least priced at just 199 need a truck to be six to a ton regular camp can be yours for just two thirty nine a month looking for the hottest new cars around check out the Corolla XRs and solar convertible now in stock at Armstrong Toyota of homestead their service department is open late to late week nuts to make sure to get your service worked on their committed 100% customer satisfaction their family owned and operated their folks even love doing business with Armstrong Toyota of homestead was the first either to offer your free tires batteries for life and now wait to hear this the the first to offer free replacement parts for life that's correct tires batteries and free parts for life nobody nowhere is does that so instead of wasting time and cash left into those mega dealers give you the big song of dance scream like crazy on a radio and then let you down go see the GM and Armstrong Toyota homestead today David Rich for an unbeatable deal for real grab a little and save a ton on your new Toyota only at Armstrong Toyota of homestead six I'll tell you once more before I hang up the phone. I got you down. The lines are jammed up. Yeah, there isn't a doubt. Call up and tell me what's on it. I'll tell you what's on it. I'll tell you what's on it. I'll tell you what's on it. I'll tell you what's on it. I'll tell you what's on it. I'll tell you what's on it. I'll tell you what's on it. I got you down. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Holy cow. Oh, oh, oh. I'll tell you what's more before I hang up the phone. I got you down. Are you sure? I got you down. I got you down. I got you down. I got you down. Here on the show there's a new topic each night. Who'd you have sex with? Would it black up to the right? I got you down. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Holy cow. I'll tell you what's more before I hang up the phone. I got you down. Well, the idea in the past 60 WCM, the reason I played that is because it's a little lost out to their back in the days when we liked Phil Henry a lot. Back in the IOD days when things were really great when things were a little bit too good for management. I didn't even go and screw it all up. Which is part of the course. Once you're a rose going back anybody. I don't know. 35 votes still had 24. Somebody used to like a lot and now you hate like poison. Y'all these got seven. And Fred Griff has four, but we only got three names on it. We better get some more. But first here's this facts. Good facts this today. Yeah, but here's Gregwin Carl Springs his facts. It's his on page 420 of my life bill Clinton writes. Every one of you knows deep in your heart that we are too divided. It's time to heal America. He is so right Bush must go away for the sake of our country's sanity. After the inauguration next year we won't miss him on bits. Gregwin Carl Springs and Gregwin you are. I'm so rich I'm rich I'm rich I'm rich. Right. He was supposed to be the great healer of Bush. And of course he's the most polarizing prison. The great divider. The great liar the great equivocator the great dumb dumb bo. Rick J and sunrise though here's a fascinating fact says. I have a friend who works for the Panther organization. She brought home a copy of Gell these demo tape that he submitted. Before I read the facts let me just say this to you. Now all the who plob about who's going to replace Rimmer on the TV. See what they're basically going to do is hire the cheapest person for all these jobs. That's what they'll do. They give you a big song to answer about their nation wide search. Just like we do at QM nation wide search my ass. No. Yeah you might find a couple of words. But in any way. That's all a bunch of baloney. Well we're going to bring in the best probably if Steve Goldstein was the guilty with the best person available to have a hockey play by play on a Panthers. My name is Ishke Biblical. And they're going to do the same for the TV the Lydian and the Putment Craigman or Vinyon. It was not a bad guy I guess. But should he be the guy doing it? Of course not. I mean it's just downright ridiculous but anyway. I have a friend of works for the Panther organization. So I just I just digress like a read that first line again. She bought home a copy of Goldie's demotate that he submitted for the play by Play job. Needless to say it's both hilarious and pathetic. Panther fans have no idea what they're in for if and when the Panthers play in X season that freaky shrill eliminated from Goldie's larynx. When he's simulated a Panther goal will send chills through your spine. It's a goal. It's a goal. It's a goal. Thanks for watching. You got your thumb right on a baby. But then again, it goes to show you if you're sucking off an ass like which is what he's been doing. Sucking Panther ass for the last seven years now. And a lot of sudden you just find yourself all the way up there at the top. He's been hovering over Juggs McDonald like a vulture hover over Rimmer like a Vulture hover over mole like a vulture hover over that Joe Rojo. And the interesting part of it is notice how now he's moved in there along with the Bocaper. It's the akelty and bo show this week. While Joe is in limbo doing a limbo rock. Right? That all right. Yeah. Oh well, we got mole on the big hole and akelty and bo and no Joe. And we lost our mojo and whatever. Anything else that starts with like that or anything? Oh, like that or anything. What do we hear the crow? And let's put on a lot for our dark conflicted folks out there who speak his lingo. Whatever it is. Lingo. Okay, let's get to this pool. Let's get some names because this is the one you're right. This is the one you're going to like our format them out about. Which of these people best fits this description? Someone used to like a lot, but now you hate like poison. Hey, Adam. WQAM. Hello. Hey, there's a morning. Yes, sir. When is this? I have one of these. How somebody flew a pole? Somebody used to like when he was with Gainesville. That's big marries. Big marries. Yeah, that's an excellent choice. I don't know. I don't know. Okay, thank you. Oh, now back in the day, I could have followed up with somebody. I'm not not not not. Not with us. 80 billion dollar fines. No. Anyway, Dick Morris has a very good choice. But what a smuck he turned out to be. What is this story with these people? I guess whoever is paying them at the moment, they'll sing that tune. There you go. WQAM. Hello. Pretty good. I see Gregory's much fee as a head of bonus coming off. Perhaps a one another auction on here. And if you're here, one yes. I know one of those phony auction. It sounds like you know who. 560560. Pound 560 on a AT&T. Don't get sucked in by that online auction crap. Okay, it's strictly money. The business is going to put in their pocket. It's not going to charity. They make it sound like it's like for some good cause. But it's not. And the reason the other people on the station, you know, promoted is because they're not in this stronger position as I am. Right. Because I'm not getting involved with that. No fraud. Okay. That problem is already without promoting frauds in this radio station. Problems you need even know about yet. WQAM. Hello. Yes sir. Somebody's a really like a lot. And got on my way to listen to her. He was in a similar and now I just find him like a big kid. Yeah, that's an excellent one. Back when he was like just a fluff and puff. But once he became a political right when lunatic. Yeah, but he's actually done see that negative things about like the Reagan and part of the back. And now we've like he kisses his eyes. Yeah. He's maybe that's why I still on this show. Maybe they cut the same disease. Thanks a lot, pal. Thank you. Dennis Miller. You got it. We got it. We see we'll build a lot of names on this list because there are so many of these people and so little time people used to like a lot. And now I just like that. And for a multitude of reasons, I mean, there are some people we used to like because that we enjoyed their work. But then we saw too much and we became very tech. I'll give you one. Jerry Lewis. Hey, ladies. Oh, man. You always listen to love all those Martin Lewis movies and they was okay. It was a funny guy. What's not to like. And then once he started that damn telephone thing, I think that was the point at which we just turned on him like a rat. And then once then when they stuck that bicycle pump up his ass with all those drugs and his a blew up like a balloon, then we really just despised him. And the kid and King would always I think the thing with a King show is that he puts on people and he knows everybody hates like Ross P. Rowal people that when you're channel surfing, you see the money and just oh man. But of course it all depends on your viewpoint. Five. That is so amazing. Larry King wearing adult depends. Wow. Does it matter if I act somewhere in here, I had the thing I played for you this morning. Although it sounds an awful lot like me, I'm not going to find it in time. Another I'm talking about. No. What are you talking about? I can't find it. Oh, crying out loud. Well, look at the room right here. No. I'm not going to look for it during the break. 26 past 11 at 5. 60 Q a m. We're supposed to be in 5. 2 a m. Poop my pants. If there's one thing, here factor fans love. More than those of the link is high altitude suns. It's skewing the host. Show where it's encouraged. Let's go down below. And now they're all on one terrific new CD. The best of Joe Rogan streaming on fear factor with memorable cuts like Come on, go. Come on, go. Hurry up, buddy. Hurry up, buddy. And you can do it, man. You just do it, man. Go best. Joe Rogan is streaming on fear factor. Also includes favorites like this is for 50 grand my brother. And money's on the line guy. A CD collection without the passive Joe Rogan streaming on fear Packard is like a day without eating cow eyeballs. And if you order now, you'll also receive this 10 CD box set of Joe Rogan saying Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. Dude. I could be leaving on the field home run. I still like that go home or don't you think that's a good idea? Yeah. That says it's so well, you know, go home. I mean walk off sound so boring. It sounds like something that Dave and Boring in but it got, Koma inducing. It's a walk off home run. Hey, holy God. Jeez. Somebody kicked that guy and he asked and wake him up a little bit. Man, he is just terminal. Why you keep picking on Dave and Bork as he deserves it? I mean one thing I'll see about my buddy Moa, at least he makes the dolphin games exciting. So he makes a few mistakes here and here. When you get to be 90, you'll make some mistakes too. You know, like, you know, you'll fill the bag on at the wrong time. But I'm sure we're like, we're not. Huh? I'm falling. That's not what Goli said. No. In fact, I've heard what I'm hearing Moa so pissed at him not and he's saving up for when Goli comes back when his get, if Joe Rose ever comes back. I'll tell you one thing, you know, I did tell the app hours that B. Then I'll give a crap what they put on in the morning. But I'm not, we're not following a Goli. I mean, this better be a very temporary thing. I'm going to take most of the summer off. Don't get hasty. I'm not going to be following that Goli that, oh man, what a tour. Get to Goli to Goli. Wow, it's a penalty. 560, 0560, pound, and by the way, Rimmer hates you like poison too, Goli. Just now that he's leaving, we can tell you that. Almost as much as he eats to the knees, pop them. WQAM, hello. WQAM, hello. I think that's a good good. WQAM, hello. I, this is Coral D'Orevera calling, and I want to be on your left. WQAM, hello. Hey, Neha, how are you today? OK. Good. I want to let you know how much I appreciate you. I just took a road trip from Indiana, from your Indiana back. And the smile that these people on the radio are still in about the hatred of Clinton and the Democrats and everybody else in the liberal is unreal. I just can't believe that people actually listen and believe what somebody's people say. Well, there's a lot of dumb people out there, just keep that in mind. It'll make you feel better about life. It is. And on the other side, I always thought it was walk on home, Ron. Not walk off home, Ron. Walk on? Yeah, well, that he walked on and hit a home, Ron. Walk on home. OK. Put on a head, Ali. Have a great day. Wow. Whatever it is, it's walk off. But it's just stupid. It's an idiotic thing. And again, it was invented by a bunch of nerds trying to be clever and cute and creative. And to do something different, they're at ESPN because they got 24 hours to fill with the same swirl and the same scores and the same, you know, four runs, five hits, two errors and the three right here, all of that crap over and over again. So they got to keep trying to spice it up, spice up. So they make up a bunch of crap and punks like Josh there think it's been around for a long time. What should he have? It was Eckersley. It was Dennis Eckersley. That's what I heard from somebody who knows your stuff. Now why did he do it again? I don't know. He's the one who made it, you know, saying a common saying. Oh, that's right. Now he's a color commentator or something, right? Yeah. For who? I don't know. Dennis, I think maybe the A's. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I know he does TV. I don't know if he's for a while. Why is this another dumb ex-Joc? Okay, with a big mustache. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T in Verizon, wireless line. Howard Koshel, I don't care what my friend Dave Johnson says about how a Koshel of this thumb right on the way. He talked about that. Joc,ocracy, how sad it is all these illiterate and semi-literate ex-Jocs taken over as a legit broadcasters. I'll give you one that just makes my blood boil and that's Kenny Harrelson, the Hawk with a white socks. Put it on the board. Put it on the board. He is brutal. awful. And he's been there how many years now? I'm a bird man. And he just sucks. Today the great sports guys demand it's down the drain am I right? Absolutely. You only got mole left now. And of course the man dog who just grabbed the colored guy. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, pro. They always thought the crow was the colored guy. Why did you look all of your sports video 5, 60, you a UAM? Just a ghosting. If you're going to go to Caldi, whenever I'm in town I listen to, wait a minute, I am in town. It's the 12th of hour. That's it! I folks stand a smeller here and I'm standing here with President George W. Bush. The man I'm endorsing for reelection. Hey everybody. Well George, here's doing a great job. I mean, you know when it comes to get that done he makes Churchill look like Neville Chamberlain. Isn't that right sir? Oh yeah. Yeah, he's not. He's my favorite basketball player. Right. And President Bush really stands up to the terrace. I'm the Democrat. Let me come up. Those guys out the backbone of a number told on muscle relaxes. Okay. Yeah. I think I used to lick nematodes back in my frat days. It's taking a lick. George, tell me your Bush. He's going to give the Democrats a bigger licking than who's getting Turner. Well, I know what who's here. Who's Turner? George, tell me your opinion. George, tell me your Bush is going to turn this economy around. Faster than little rake and scranium in the excess. I didn't know Ronald Rake was in that movie. I mean, come on. I don't mean to go off at a red here. But George, tell me who is depro-active for policy. What highs in Burg was to quantum physics. So get the- Ah, ah, ah. I was always good at physics and so place folks come November 2004. Both for George, tell me your Bush. Just me on this. When you'll be happier, the roe van started with a fistful of ponderosa co-pots. I think I get that one. Oh, good. They followed by the surprising new friends of George W. Oh, one. And five, 60. Oh, no. Okay, let's take a look at that poll so far. Which of these people best fits this description? Somebody famous he used to like when I hate like poison. We got a squeaker going on like I said. Oh, no. Go home. We've got a squeaker going on like I said. Go home. Go these got 24. Fred Durst 13. Julia Lewis doesn't dig Morris five. Todd Schnitz got a parent Steve K. Mr. Ego's got one. You'll be disturbed, though, that the Clinton memoir is a no first day vessel in Fort Wayne, not selling in Virginia Beach. Sales quite in Arizona. No best seller in buildings and no lines with a book in Lubbock. Memories don't stir Saginaw. And I'm serious. I'm reading from today's Fudge Report. Ms. Fudge, she must be a- Cutter and Knickers in a-o. All wrapped around her thing. So if there was an alien invasion and they wiped out her- Maybe she's got her Knickers wrapped around somebody else's thing, yes? He would have a story that, uh, Anchorage, Alaska was not hit by an alien attack. Right, by an alien attack. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon, where I was lying. Need about another 20-30 thousand names for this poll today. W-W-A-M-Hillow. Robert Novak. P-O-K. He used to like him and now he hates him like poison. Well, I'm surprised that anybody ever liked him even though his mommy. But we'll put him on there. Robert Novak is enough to- P-O-K. Anybody get it? How come he isn't in jail, by the way? For ordering Valerie playing. Good question. W-Q-A and hello. The answer, henders. The on-sanders, there you go. Must be the money. I want a set of them, do you understand? Do you understand? Oh, that's a different one. What were the decent- He said, sitting in a hall. That was Brian Murray's. I've got a little bit of a problem there. It's called VM. I don't know. Why do VM will never last here in Ottawa even if they don't play? Why nine is ringing? W-Q-A and hello. Hey, there's people kneel. Speaking. They kneel. Is Dick Morris the guy who worked for Clinton? Yes. That was caught cheating his wife. He was caught cheating on his wife? Yeah, on his own wife. That would kill his wife. I don't remember. I don't recall. Okay. I thought I was the one. I mean, everything might have been- He's a turncoat. And I guess he was. He's a turncoat. He's a turncoat. He's a turncoat. We know all of a sudden. Really? I think he was caught cheating on his wife. And then I also- That's how unusual that is, right? Right. That's so good. Okay. Maybe he was hanging out with Bob Livingston. Five, six, seven, oh, five, six. The all of this business about, oh, my gosh. The president, cheat. And that's why this is also demeaning the stupid ass interviews like that about the old man's life at Oprah thing yesterday. Oh, you know, how why did he do it? Because they all do it all right. Because he's a guy. Because he's horny all right. That's the answer because that was horny. Because I'm worried. He will bull-dike. Because I'm here to the ice princess. That's all you got to say. Like he was an explanation about his banana business. Just mind your own business. Oprah, how come you're not hitched to anybody? You damn rich bitch? That-that he should have turned it right around and looked right in the face. And how come you're still single sweetheart? What's your real story? Huh? Maybe you and Hillary would like to give a little action going. We'll be back after this. You know, Michael Moore is always talking about the Oprah for present. How about Hillary and the Oprah is her running mate. Oh, underlined the mate part. Like a white cookie. And Bubba can just have his own private office. 560560. Oh, he already does. 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line. WDQAM. Hello. Hi. Yes, sir. You know? Speaking. How are you doing Neil? I got one for the poll. The famous person I did like. Now he's like poison and little along with her and told about much I ate him. And that's Ralph Nader. Good. Good for you. Sorry. But I ate his good. Me too. Thanks. Bye. Bye. You don't like the big ego man. Ralph Nader who used to be a guy. A lot of people admire it. Especially if you drove a corvier like I did in 1960 in the Fendell tip brick. And then you liked Ralph Nader with other than that. And again, a guy that talks so much about honesty and integrity. And he gets his vice presidential. His running mate from the green party, which is not that because the guy's qualified. I got a for a new loser in California. But because of the fact that he's a member of the green party and therefore this is going to get him on a ballot in 22 states automatic. Which he wouldn't get on the first place. In fact, as a lot of states, he's not going to get on a ballot. Thank goodness. Thank the Lord. Thank God. Yeah. All of these politicians all talk about honesty and integrity. Let me say it again. 99 to 1 in the Senate yesterday. Only John Bro of Louisiana. Who's retiring at the end of the year. He's the only one with the ball's to vote against that in decent C.A. broadcast in decent C. 99, including all of the others. And the final goal. You name it. McCain. All of them. The word police. They're doing it, baby. God forbid. We got two more soldiers. I still can't find that story by the way. I'm going to keep looking until the cows come home. That goes to show you the way to meet medium and it relates to news. They just tell you whatever they mean. We see it's not going for business. It's more soldiers are still dying. Because everything's supposed to be fine now. We're fine. Even though of course the terrorists are not saying they're going to kill the new guy. We stuck in there or an Iraq. We temporary the a pro tem whatever the hell a guy's name is. They're going to kill his ass and they probably will. Not a week goes by that they don't kill somebody in that new governing council. And just wait till next week. A week from today. Jewel and Bob. Dirty. The big hand over day. You think you've seen so far. You ain't seen nothing yet. No. You're just negative. Progress in Iraq is disputed by the way. Says the international hero tribune. David Stout. The United States may have to keep troops in Iraq for years to come despite enormous progress. And bring you peace to that country. Deputy defense secretary Paul don't call me. Highway Kimber Wolfowitz today. Wolfowitz's prediction coupled with a high ranking general's warning that we should expect more violence. Not less in the near future. Highlighted a sometimes contentious hearing of the House Armed Services Committee. Wolfowitz returned recently from a tour of Iraq City. He'd heard military people from the US and their allies. Say again and again that the people back home just didn't realize how much progress is being achieved in Iraq is a move towards sovereignty on June. It's something we heard almost everywhere from Iraqis from Americans from a British general down in Bonservole for what said, what doesn't get you in all of reporting on problems is there's also been enormous progress. A representative, Ike Skeleton of Missouri, no relation to red, the panel's ranking Democrat was not persuaded. Conceiting that much had been accomplished in Iraq, he asserted that progress had been slowed by the security craigmeyer that exists there now. I see Mr. Secretary to Iraq Skeleton said, one is the optimistic Iraq that you describe and we thank you for your testimony. And the other Iraq is the one that I see every morning with the violence that the soldiers and Marines. I must tell you it breaks my heart a little bit more every day. Maybe that's why then I'm reporting the latest deaths because they just don't want to break everybody's heart. When Skeleton asked Wolfowitz what lessons would see they made a big deal about the South Korean getting ahead of the other day, which quite frankly was a horrible thing, but nevertheless why do we care more about South Korean prisoners that we care about the American soldiers? See what I'm saying? Good question. Yeah. When Skeleton asked Wolfowitz what lessons he had absorbed in the past 15 months or roughly since all outwarranted and the mopping up in Peskibe began, Wolfowitz responded at length about the eagles of Saddam Hussein as Henshin and their followers, Skeleton then broken, Mr. Secretary, let me interrupt if I may my question is what lessons have we learned, what have you learned in the last 15 months? Wolfowitz replied that military planners might have underestimated how persistence the anti-American forces might have been, even after the civil-usn leaders of the bag that regime had been killed or captured. Continuing Wolfowitz said that the Iraqis themselves must eventually impose security on their country, not just to stabilize the government, but to allow ordinary Iraqis to go about their lives. That is if they ever get electricity and water things like that. Skeleton then asked, you think we might be there that a good number of years? I think it's entirely possible Wolfowitz replied, but what I think is also nearly certain is the more they step up and they'll be doing so more and more each month, the less and less we'll have to do. Wolfowitz and it is they take over more responsibility, we'll be able to let them be in the front lines and for us to be in a supporting position. Right. Just like those Iraqi police and soldiers who like, run away, they do that to walk off on Mondale. They do the walk off to Fendar Company, they just walk off. 560, 50560, Pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Marlesline. Mad Dog from Iceland from Reykjavik from that Fony Ballotty Galker in mid-2. The Humphrey at Fortland is studio Marlins on Dex 60, he's 705 at the Atlanta Braves at the Marlins and then he got any cap to the game. WDQA in Hello. Yes sir. Ladies report out for you, Clinton books out there slumping in Antarctica. That's what I heard there in Mad Dog said in Reykjavik they're kind of slow to saffron. And I have one question for you. What's up with Joe Rue? Is he put on handbrawer for him yet? Yeah, there are, Amber, but if we got a piece alert for Joe. And one last thing, do you have any news on what for Joe doing? No, I don't. No, I think he's done Atlanta. And so does it to really have the onion, the higher him and the brave New World? What's just happening? Oh, I look at that, I moved the thing out. It's a good thing I just love. Thank you so much for whatever you just did. I moved the thing. I was going to play that for. Yeah, I'll be, you know, the chickens have come home to roost with the nightmares that forget for us. But the end time, you'll find out, like when the bluer said, in time. You'll see. 560, 50560 on the AT&T and Verizon Line. WQA in Hello. I'll go, Niel. Yes sir. What's going on? Simple stuff man, SOS, pants. No, but pouring the degrees out of here. Yeah. I got a couple walk off names for your walk off poll. I don't want to get to walk that poll off either. Yeah. Bill Jackson. Bill Jackson. Okay. Bill Jackson, there you go. That's the one. The other one I guess you got disconnected. We don't want a couple of names. We want one name. You got it. Let me say it again. We don't want a couple. We don't want a few. We don't want a bunch of names. We want one. Here's the question again. Which of these people? Which one and only one of these people? Best fits this description. Somebody famous. He used to like when I was eight like poor. Okay. All right. So let me take one out. How many can I go? A few. WQAM. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Here's the winner. Colin Powell. Colin Powell was magnificent. That's a good one. Thank you so much. He's two and on his cut, but he had a good choice there. Roland Kohler, man. Everybody used to like Kohler because he was like hopefully he was the the same one there. Which is the rational. Which is the true Kohler though. Was that the real water? That's the real one. Well, you know, once you sell out and lies many times as he has now, I think we found a real you know, we found his true colors. Can I say that? Oh. Twelve minutes past noon at five, 60 WQAM. If you're sick and tired of your PC being attacked by browser popup windows, being watched by spyware and getting nothing but virus emails from your friends and co-workers, the easiest way to deal with those budgets to get you a Macintosh from MacCenter, the Apple Specialist and for Lauderdale. The Macintosh is built on an entirely different basis than windows, so all those PC Pesh just can't hurt the Mac. The technology experts at MacCenter can show you that it's easy to change to the Mac with thousands of programs available, including ones you've already are used to like Microsoft Word and Excel to even take your old computers a trade-in. So make the change today by calling the MacCenter 954-486-5500. You won't get a better deal on your Mac or iPad any place else in South Florida because MacCenter's the home of the 5% rebate on every purchase. Come in before June 30th. Bob, third of man. And registered to win the hard to find iPod mini. It's MacCenter on commercial Boulevard Column at 954-486-5500. That's 954-486-5500. Be sure mentioned QA for extra savings at the MacCenter. And look, this is 4256. Oh, what's your final call here? It's about one rated thing in a row. I want to name it in his home. It's a code in my ass, variations. Wait for me. I don't even know how you have children in. They're about, hello. I want your take on J.P. Oh, J.P. Wait, what have I got? I can't do it. I like J.P. Well, not the mention, he's got extraordinarily smooth detoxes. Oh, yeah. He's going to be careful with you, say he is. Oh, good dog. Thank you, ma'am. No, no, wait a minute. Don't go. But I have nothing else to say. A little bit of how about this. I was the way the down there in the mirror, ma'am. I'm right down the street from you. I have to go. Oh, I know. Oh, I know. No, no, I have to go. I told you what. I'll hold you all the time. I'll break out of that, man. I'll give you one of my old, the temptation. That's not my bad. No, wait. That was the only call that we had. The thing, John, it knows it's blowing again. It's blowing, it's blowing. It's blowing, it's blowing. It's blowing. It's blowing, it's blowing. It's blowing. It's blowing. It's blowing. Wow. You got to say it was that. And you know, say, I get to say. And around those old things, and both you fly high. Yeah, wow, wow. And you go, oh, get that here, I don't see. A road map of Yipsality. You got your heavy sun. Way to fly, I got it. I know, it's blowing. When something steams. Almost every day, I think. And my veins, the police got the thing all the time. I take over. My end annoyed. If you go, go, go, go, go. Yeah, I go. My fault for what I've had. And I put my phone on, grab the old bar. And then I go back to school. With people, baby. Yeah. And I go, I get to say. And say, I get to say. Oh, no, I will be. I will be. And then I go, go, go. Come on. There's my main man, the more myster. He's doing it. In fact, every time he smacks guilty, I like him just a little bit more, you know? Pardon? From my teen at five, 60. Well, well, well, are you distracted there? What's going on, lunch? Yeah, well, KFC, just finished it. KFC, oh my god. Spread across the street. Oh, eh, kitchen fried chicken. Kitchen fried chicken? Sure. Whatever the hell they're calling it. Are they really calling it that now? I don't know, they call it. Speak of that. I mean, what a great segue. Mirric King Olson's the treatment for eating this order. Oh, no. That cow. Teen actress, Mirric K Olson, who with her twin sister, Ashley's going into an American pop icon in fashion brand, has ended a program for treatment of an eating disorder reported to be anorexia. Oh, wait a minute, anorexia, that's bulimia. Why, puking? Puking is bulimia, right? Anorexia is like just the current pop in disease. The 18 year old co-star last month's film in New York, Minute recently in anorede treatment facility to seek professional help for a health-related issue, publicist Michael Pagnata said yesterday, she's thankful for the encouragement and support of her friends and family, or with her every step of the way he's added, all the way to the refrigerator. Maybe if they would have given her a sandwich before, or they would have helped. Maybe a little KFC, a little takeout. She'd have spat it out. A person? Oh, man. But I'm not saying it. Don't. A person from a good situation told Reuters that Olson was suffering from an eating disorder. She entered a facility during the past week or 10 days, was expected to remain in treatment for about a month. You are us weekly magazine and the cover story of its upcoming issue, identified the disorder as anorexia. Speculation about Olson's real-than figures been a subject of tabloids, gossip comes in the internet for weeks. The actress herself spoke fun of the issue during the twins' recent appearance in Saturday Night Live, shutting to an extra playing herself. You're too skinny eat a sandwich. Pagnata said both sisters who turned 18, June 13, which means they're legal now, were going ahead with plans to attend NYU together in the fall. But Ashley Olson will be making a plan tripletor this month to watch Stride In New Zealand without Mary Kate to launch overseas motion of New York Minute. These sisters first the ethical ethical feature. And don't forget this Friday, Turn 9-11, or as at Turn 9-451, I was very Bradbury to call me for that. A little bit retard kind of be a comedian. I'm very upset, but I don't want to do jury duty. Although probably was serious, it's a typical soft forbidian. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5. Oh, there's that negra pante that, oh, man. Lunatic. Thank you. Yeah, you're welcome. It's probably the nicest thing that's ever been said about it. Absolutely. W to Q and hello. Yes, it can help with speaking. I knew, uh, I like to say, I'd want you for Arnold Schwarzenegger. Don't like him no more, huh? Oh, and the hell now. That means they got it. Okay, thank you. And get that phone out of your cheek. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, see. Let's put Arnold on there. And we don't apologize for doing that. I can't stand him. I never liked him in the first place. I don't. I don't. No, not in the least bit. Not anybody's type. Well, maybe Maria. He must have something that doesn't meet the, although not from what we hear. No, well, there's a picture of him too. He ain't the rest, but no, pretty bad. Who is, WQA him, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes. Hey, how are you? Pretty good. Uh, he's too, I'd be left. I got one that I used to, eight, but now I love. Well, that was the first pull. Go out. Wow. Chelsea, Chelsea, go out. Oh, God. Oh, get this guy some help. Chesney Clinton. That's the Clinton. Oh, man. They don't come to a bestie then, Chesney. She had a makeover apparently. Yeah, she needs a makeover all night. Again, with, oh, are you in back in the day? I might have said something about that, but I better not. God, just let it go. She is nasty. She is growth test. We've been through that a million times. But, you know, daughter, in fact, even Nixon started to look pretty good about that. Now, Pat Nixon and not Pat, not she was growing. She was a butchered and he was. What was the daughter, Julie, right? I don't know. Julie and she had Julie and Trish, I don't remember what Trish are, but Julie was married to David Eisenhower. Pete, look kind of human and her. She didn't really like, especially compared to like, Chelsea and Amy Carter. Man, oh, man. Well, I wouldn't say, but one day we're going to fight a photo somewhere. A hidden photo, any Carter and one of the beeslies up in that tree and an tree, strumming a band together. Guaranteed. In fact, that might have been Amy and that movie. WQAM, hello. Wow. What is this world coming to? You and Howard kiss and make up and turn against guilty. Next thing you know, there'll be people. So next thing you know, there's going to be peace in the middle east. Next thing, and he will come and I'm, I'm, I'm a getting and we'll rise in the third day. You got it. Have a nice day. You too. Me and mole, baby. That's my main man. We just thought a little bit of a rocky relationship. You know, you've had those situations like that with females, rocky relationships. Like your wife, for example. Everybody, yeah. Sure. How is that lemonade coming? George is opening up a cool aid stand in this house and only going to have one customer hopes. In fact, it's going to be for free. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Long. Lot of loins. Here's line 9, WQA, hello. Hey, Neil, what's going on? Not too much. Hey, I'm calling you from Kingsville. Anyway. You're so sorry. Yeah. Listen, I have a name. My way here that book is going to bring the bubble book. Really? I have an interview. Like I'm like, what's core liberal, but I had John McCain and the reason why is because like he'd always been called like a rogue, whatever that means. Yeah. Now, I read in on politics one, I read that he was like in Washington State in Nevada, like saying, I didn't push my candidate. You should come out and go for a kiss in Bush's hands. Yeah. He's like poison. Yeah. He's a total sellout. Totally bow down. Well, I love you very much and I will be listening to you online. So thanks, Palin. How are you doing? You see? Good guy up there in Kingsville and a different guy in Kingsville. Remember that other one that you're helping you forget? Right. You actually got like a living in breeding human in Kingsville as opposed to the other one. He used to call to say, I have no luck. All the time. Oh, brother. That one. 26 past no. In 560 WQM, how's the appul coming? Why don't want to overdo it because it had pulled you took last week? Don't be afraid to whatever you have five minutes. Okay. I'm making five and a half. That John Negropati would never met a dictator they didn't like, never met a terrorist. They have butcher lady and like. And he's going to be our ambassador to Iraq. That is really sweet. Which of these people best bits this description? Somebody used to like. But now I hate like poison with that typical soft Florida. 258 votes. And we got a real battle going on. Dennis Miller has zoomed into first place. Past feel like he was laying out. Are you sure? Dennis Miller 79, Phil Henry 71. Gell these got 27. Spanking again. Come on. Jerry Lewis 22, Fred Durst 18, Ralph Nader 9, time the Schmidt myster is got eight. I don't know why they would like him into first place. I guess maybe they were a little slow catch and on that he was just rushed. Junior must be that. Dick Morris, he was rushed without the pills. Dick Morris six. I guess it was Dick Morris that was dittling around. How that you mentioned it. I think it was him. Morse colon, power of five. Mr. Ego's got four. The unsanders for Bob Novak's got a pair. And I bet to their craggy. Phil Jackson two, Arnold Schwarzenegger one and John McCain just went on. A 258 votes. Still not like what I'd call overwhelming. But we've done this one before. We got sucked into doing this poll because the first one went over like a pregnant poll voter in Australia. I'll tell you what really goes over and that is the pizza law of the best pizza in town in Jeff Cohen guarantees it or your money back. That's right. The best pizza or your money back. Jeff Cohen chef and owner of the pizza law of the restaurant guarantees you be thrilled with the food day. Now when he says chef, don't worry, he's not in the kitchen. I mean if he were in the kitchen quite frankly, I'd have a whole different altitude. He stays out of it. In fact, they won't let him in the kitchen. He's so sure you're love the pizza they guarantee is the best pizza in town or a give you your money back. After 27 years in South Florida, pizza law is under reputation for quality food and service far beyond your wildest dreams. Big gigantic portions everything is cooked fresh to order. The food is delicious. Every kind of pasta dish under the sun. They got the best garlic rolls I guarantee anybody's ever had. And they got fantastic three different kinds of great pizza. Jeff is the way you to stop by pizza law today. Take them up on that order offer for the best pizza in town. And I guarantee you a no time at all you become one of the regulars that pizza law and baby. Now they offer balance for life's own diet menu items as well as whole wheat pizza and whole wheat pasta too. Pizza law for your final luck I said in Davy on a university drive between 5.95 and Griffin Road. They're open every day, 7 days a week for lunch dinner late night snacks and they deliver the most of South West Broward 2. For take out delivery catering for the list 5 bucks per person, call the world famous pizza law at 9.54 9.16 88 80 9.16 88 80 pizza law home of that money back 11th 300 . 11th 15th, 270 5. When are we going to see this restaurant? You don't like Reagan, but he was a god. He was a bum. When you know about it. I got stories about that childhood. We go back to the days when nice clean people eat nice clean food. Did it? They were like in an commissary in the water but it's like back across the mountains. All the big stars were there. That he may offer marine turtle. They do. French art-tongue. Damn that fintural play and punk, they wigging. Well, he came into the commissary scene. Wow, that was fucking. You know that hero, I'm bored. I had a- I make a pack of cigarettes. Oh, yeah, horse, that's highly- I got that very important customer over here. You had carrying them, boy. Why? Sure, I had it. But she was the only brother. I could find around here. It didn't have muddled skin. And she trimmed it. Of course, you had to use prudent shoes. And just to show you that I got a heart. That I ain't all business. She was the best piece of- I ran there to get off the dime. Just hit the table came by with. She ain't even a- I'm just kidding. Just give me a pack of cigarettes and stop shooting off your mouth. Look, man, I got a lot of trade here. Why should I worry about it, who bit's sick? I'm a- But like- You listen to smart guy. One more crack out of you and I'll screw you all over the joint here. Yeah, wasted you. I- Nah, I don't like- Yep, babe. I'm gonna- Get out of here. Am I wasting my time? I'm gonna- Am I? I'm gonna- I'm gonna- I'm gonna- I'm gonna- Next time you see the better cross over the other side of the street. Literally healthy or for you. Remember that- I'm gonna get this down. Yeah, hey, hey, hey! I'm gonna get this down. I'm gonna get this down. Well, 33 at 5.60WQM on a great Wednesday, man. What a day, you know? I'm not really sure why. And again, we come today. We got the big hand over June. Not turned, man. A week from- Yesterday, we got the trends coming out, right? Yeah. It's a bit- Maybe- Wait, now you might want to reconsider. You might want to like- Show up next week. You might want to think about it for a second or two. No? I'll read the numbers in the paper. Okay. Yeah, and times you've just gone. I'm gonna have something on that. Here's some numbers for you. I had the story on yesterday coincidentally enough, but we didn't have the numbers. International terrorism killed 625 people last year. More than double. The 307 deaths of Bush administration was a battle in about and a faulty report. There's another faulty report used to argue it's winning the war on terrorism. Hey, that was a lot- It's the store BS, more twisted effects, more bad intelligence. You can't complain about the intelligence of this administration because just look at double, man. They don't have any. The errors in the annual patterns of global terrorism report of embarrass the administration and dented its plan that Washington is prevailing in the war on terrorism a key part of, El Presidente's reelection strategy. He might have to go and manage things in- Abu Ghara, the number of deaths from international, terrorist attacks last year made below 2002's 725 fatalities the administration said yesterday. One U.S. official said the main reason for the surge in 2003 fatalities was the original failure to count many attacks in November and December including a November 9th car bombing in Riyadh that could release 17 people and November 15th and 20th car bombing in Istanbul that could release 61. But then again, their animals anyway. When the state department released its annual terrorism report with fanfare nearly two months ago, official cited the evidence Washington was prevailing in the war on terrorism. U.S. officials have since denied they manipulate the figures for political gain ahead of the election. Right. But Bush appears to be losing ground on the issue of terrorism. I'm at growing public distance shantman with the Iraqi war according to the ABC News Watched and Post-Polver least on Monday. The poll found 48% said they trusted John Kerry to do a better job at handling U.S. campaign against terrorism against 47% who said that Bush would do a better job. But I can't do much worse job because he ain't doing a job at the moment. He's busy with Iraq. He's between Iraq and a hard place. Well, I got a couple of really good. I'm going to have to read him. All right. Well, not right now. Okay. Bill O'Reilly's final solution. This one will just sit you really when you hear this. And also Bill Gallagher, Dry Drug President, losing his grip question mark. Dry drug president. I love. Five, six, seven, five, sixty. Let's get another hundred names on his poll. What do you say? Let's make it worthwhile. Which of these people best fits this description? Somebody used to like a lot. Now you hate him like poison. Like are you sure? Yeah, like him. Come to Q.A. Hello. I'm a Q.A.M. Yes, sir? You're telling the puts on jick on there. I hate that. Dio, hate him. You know, that voice, that guy is one of the most chronic. The original. He's been calling for how many years? I'm good, man. He had an excellent point. Very good. Yeah, since before you were on, he was calling. I know that. Since before I was born, he's been calling that guy. One thing we like about Tom though. That's our favorite thing about Tom jick. Again, it's not personal time. I like it personally or fun guy at the track. But professionally, you are a lame man. You're like in that guilty class. You are sad. You can't complain about his coverage of radio because generally speaking there isn't any. Just like that thing with the ratings on, on whatever that big and stirring going off all of that stuff. No follow up. No nothing. But that would allow me to be telling people what to put in the newspaper. Like that jerk that Glenn Garvin, ah, ah, a smuck. Our armhole. See, I'm a set it again. But I'm doing a pretty good job controlling myself. Yeah, I mean, have that interview with Glenn Garvin yet for the comms that are right about radio censorship. No, no. Because he's never going to write it. 560, let's get another couple hundred names on here. Pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. W to Q a and hello. Try to see the world again. W to Q a and hello. You have been carbon. Elton John used to like him now he hates him probably the glasses. That's the music. I agree. Okay, Elton John used to love him. But now they hate him. They wish he would croco. What could that? There was the piano would just go find right off the stage with him on it. W Q a and hello. Yes, sir. They were Brian used to be the Marlon guy. Okay, thank you. David Brian, who of course, Joe Angel got the Schmidt can for him because of the fact that he's got another big ego. So many big ego is in so little time. You know what? Ever see Ralph Nader and David Brian together. Same guy. Now did the judge. Did you ever work with David Brian on those games? I've met him a couple of times. I met him once. He seemed like a reasonable guy. Then we always had to take a mammoth ego and such marginal talent. He is like three-rovers stadium. What do you mean he's like, he's like all those cookie cutter stadiums. He's like generic. You know what I mean? Yeah. Like those guys that all sound to say no personality. I mean, I'm not saying there's a bad job. He just, he's just a voice. No personality, no individual. No charisma, no color, nothing. I even then probably say a walk off home run. Seriously, you show me a play by play guy. I don't say a walk off home run. In fact, most of it is going to say during the dolphin game. Which ought to be pretty exciting. Five and a local of these six is five, sixy. Three years old, you're now a cute man. Hatchpacken? There. Okay, welcome to the final story. Awesome. This game. The world's only in all of that in my head. The world's only still like the world's only. Not in the world's only. The only one who's happy has been stopped. Why we not want to grow, that is from our selves. You got to watch what? You know, there are a few better morals. You're a fuzz, you're a fuzz. The words for each are monitoring. All three doors. The fuzz, the fuzz, the hand-by-me. Me. I can make say this, but three, three. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. I hear my auto-unit and sister music and force, like when you're by the power that's been made and our world's only. The better, we'll hear this game. The game. If I'm strong, they'll come to power. They want a fashion fighter. For the world's only. The fuzz, the fuzz, the hand-by-me. They want my civil rights. The fuzz, the fuzz. The fuzz, the hand-by-me. That's the fuzz. The fuzz, the hand-by-me. Prop 44, 560, W.K. Speaking of that, Geltie business. I think, in fact, when we were done on the second floor, those first ugly, months of QAM, Geltie equipment, the phones that didn't work and those phones from Miami or the Norway that Pajot, fill in his face with donuts. Having the building door cells. Yeah, I'm thinking of myself about hearing that first spot with Geltie's voice on it. Never was that it was that cigar restaurant, that in fact, I mentioned that before, today going to play his member. Yeah, we're fat rich was taking a bath in the sink because he among all over his shirt. And I heard the spot for that place and I'm thinking of myself, there's actually a place in court throughout a business now. I must be just a go into this. But there's a place of business that's actually having this guy with a voice like that doing a spot like taking him seriously. I couldn't believe it. But then again, after hearing a lot of the people at Greg puts on a year, it makes you understand that. But it has a vehicle for you. Got a business trip, rent the luxury car or a fort tour or maybe free yourself to adventurous 40 till the day. Right. And then I liked Alan. Yeah, we also got that. Every rent, the rent, the manny, remarry. So we kind of specialize in things like that. In fact, as much as content as I have for the big goes work on the year, I do like him personally. He's a good guy. And I would say if I had to rate the two, I'd rather hear the big any day the week. At least his voice doesn't sound like scratching a fingernails on a blackboard than a real. Oh, so you've got to meet Schrill. Oh, no. Oh, no. How'd I get more squeezing himself right now? I sort of said he's probably squeezing the bag. I wanna hear that motorkling again, I drop. One moment please. Oh, come on, let's hear the motor drop. Drop it, Mow. He's dropping it, he's got a recue. Is he dropping it? Don't cook it up. Oops. Mow, Mow, Mow, Mow. What the hell was that? What the hell was that? I think Mow is vibrating. That's the loole. We don't have it. How could we turn red there, Josh? Oh, Josh's got it. They had been front of you now. Two years later and say it took me a little while. A little slow learner. But Neil, I apologize. They're a good way deal. You are the truth. Amen. Oh, like I said yesterday, anybody with a half a brain, even though the guys were very divisive and has gotten candy everywhere he's ever worked. And it's caused numerous problems in our building and don't get along with too many people. But nevertheless, that's all in the past. We show them all on the side because the guys have got a great voice. He's a real broadcaster. He's work-lucky in real markets. He's a real person. Well, I mean, at least radio-wise. But the other one, they're in a comparison and running around swining and screaming in the Oh, brother. Y'all, you've had it, man. Just wait till we have room around for four hours one day. Not to talk about hockey. Just to talk about you. Even even you're like that. In fact, maybe the day that he comes in to buy your lunch. Yeah. Oh, come on. Now, you notice how pizza loft is running spots again on the show? You wanted to know why? Why? Because now, as you realize, he's got a lot of extra cash. He's going to be free enough. Now, these now can have to be feed in certain family. All the rest of the year. Bill O'Reilly's final solution writes Thomas Wheeler and the alternative press review. This is a fine brief column about the fascists to release one of them in his country. And I would like to point out, Jick, I noticed in his Q&A in a Sunday Sun Sennel in the TV book, his Q&A, somebody asked about Bill O'Reilly and how dare they take him off of WFL and now he's on WDE. We spawns by seeing his on FTLA 50. The fact that, a matter is, he's still got a big deal. He never got an attempt of a point in any of the errating since they put him on the year in this market. Zero. There he goes again, right, Tom Wheeler. Here's what Bill O'Reilly had to say in his June 17 broadcast of the radio factor. O'Reilly. Because, look, when 2% of the population feels that you're doing them a favor, just forget it, you're not going to win. You're not going to win. And I don't have any respect by him, large for the Iraqi people at all. I have no respect for them. I think that they're a prehistoric group that is, yeah, there's excuses. Sure they're terrorized. They've never known freedom all of that. There's excuses I understand. But I don't have to respect them because, you know, when you have Americans dying, trying to, you know, institute some pedadomocracy there, and 2% of the people appreciate it. It's, you know, time to wise up. In this teaches us a big lesson that we cannot intervene in the Muslim world ever again, when we can do is bomb the living daylight, so that's just like we did in the Balkans. Just as we did in the Balkans, bomb the living daylight, so that's them. But no more ground troops, no more hearts and minds, ain't going to work. O'Reilly also declare the Iraqis are just people who are primitive. The Fox News host has a history of making racist remarks and advocating the mass murder of civilians. When four armed US mercenaries were killed in Falugia O'Reilly commented, problems continue for the US military in Falugia, why does the US military just go ahead and level it? He made it clear he doesn't care about the people of Falugia that we know what the final solution should be. Apparently the mass slaughter of hundreds of civilians in Falugia by the US military just didn't do it for O'Reilly. O'Reilly's bloodlust also extended to Afghanistan. A few days after 9.00, the US should bomb the Afghan infrastructure to rubble the airport, the power plants, the water facilities, and the roads, if the Afghan government did not extra die to some of in Ladon. A while to continue, this is a very primitive country and taking out their ability to exist day to day will not be hard. Remember the people of any country are ultimately responsible for the government they have, the Germans were responsible for Hitler, the Afghans are responsible for the Taliban. We should not target civilians, but if they don't rise up against this criminal government, they starve period. The Geneva Convention states that destroying infrastructure essential for these survivors to send civilian populations is a war crime and the starvation of civilians is a method of warfare is prohibited. Besides being an obvious racist, O'Reilly's an advocate of targeting and killing civilians, non-white folks, of course, and clearly constitute war crimes and crimes against humanity. When the United States deliberately targeted and systematically destroyed Iraq's water treatment facilities during the 1st Gulf War, in order to create favorable conditions for disease outbreaks, especially in major urban areas, according to a 1991 US Defense Intelligence Agency document, and followed that with a deliberate policy of blocking humanitarian supplies to the 9.00 necessary repairs medicines and medical equipment, Dennis Halade for more deputy undersecretary of the UN to clear this policy as genocidal. O'Reilly is openly advocating genocidal tactics to be used against civilians, supposedly that would kill millions of civilians if they were carried out. The U.V. will let racism and fascist mindset of O'Reilly is also pervasive with the US military. The racist content of the Iraqis in blatant disregard for civilian lives by US troops in that country is disturbingly common. One only need look at the systematic torture at Abu Ghara, ready for confirmation, not to mention US troops murdering Iraqis by deliberately firing into crowds of unarmed protesters, dropping large bombs in urban neighborhoods, slaughtering wedding parties, engaging in collective punishment, house demolitions, kidnapping torture and firing into vehicles filled with civilians at military checkpoints. A number of American troops perceive Iraqis' intervention, the Nazi expression for subhumans. To those who object in protest such actions are widely suggest you just shut up, or you'll be declared an enemy of the state. You made his feelings about the cent pretty clearly before the war started. On February 26th, 2003, he said, once the war against Saddam Hussein begins, we expect every American to support our military, and if you can't do that, just shut up. Americans in a need are foreign allies who actively work against their military once the wars underway, will be considered enemies of the state by me. Just fair warning to you, Barbara Streisand and others who see the world as you do. I don't want to demonize anyone, but anyone who hurts this country in the time like this well, let's just say you'll be spotlighted. For either Willis or Againsters, America or Barolis, sound familiar? Pretty good column, and that's from the L-Sketter, what he's all about, that's the slime bag. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line, which of these people bet fits this description? Somebody used to like pretty well? Now you hate them like poison. Dennis Miller, they've turned on you sweetheart, 98. And by the way, nice job, I'm my 9 foot ball. 98 for Dennis. Feel 180. I'll see I'm the 9 sports goddess station. Who is the one that said right from the beginning? He hasn't got a Chinaman's chance to make him on that thing. Did I say it? Yeah, you did. I mean, he what he added to that you could have put in a teacup and had room for the Holy Racky Army left over in there. Dennis Miller, 98. Feel Henry, who has let us down so badly. OK. 82. Steve Geldig, you'll see in a strong third place. 39 for the Geldig, myster, little torpe, little batch, dab and torpe. Duray Lewis 25, Raupnator 25, Ders 19, colon Paul 16, Toddish, mid-Myser 13, Dick Morris 7, Dion Sanders 6, Mr. ego 5, half his audience pretty pissed off. Arnold Schwarzenegger 4, John McCain 3, Phil Jackson 3, Bobby Novak 2, Geldig and Jail. Elton John's got a pair. Wanna see him? Tom Dick is got one and Dave O'Brien. He don't have any out of 345. We're finally starting to get like a little a little something going there. After that first pull was a little bit too nice for the south Florida crowd, especially on a day when it's 140 degrees in the shade and even Scroan is bitching about. Roy! WM Hello. WM Hello. Andy, I got one for you, Paul. Yes sir? That's rightly. Pat Riley, you used to like that, but I guess too much of that grease and formula did it for this guy. Oh, it's big and aggression formula. Over the weekend, I'm watching Iran Pope, he'll be in his infomercial for that the the rotisserie, whatever the thing is that he sold about 50 million of already, which actually is a pretty good product I guess. But anyway, he's showing he's doing a thing at the end with his catalog. Where he's showing all of his great hits from the past, you know, the slicer, the dicer, those the plastic trays that you dry your weed or whatever you're drying them. And then they had the balls to show it at cans of HL, whatever it had they called it. GLA, it's the spray on hair. Oh my god. And spray it on and hope it don't rain. Hope you don't sweat. Hope nobody laughs too hard. You know, in fact, that's even worse than most muscular. But if you do, you can ask me, that's right. WDQA, hello. I'm going to let you know. Hey Neil. Yes sir. Hey, I got three things to tell you. Go ahead. One that you can add to the poll and this is this could work for anybody who selects his choice. My parents. You know, I use like my parents. And that's a good one I like that. Uh, second, don't pay the full price for, um, builds new book because my wife's guy always booked on eBay for four bucks. And when we received it, uh, someone had stolen it. I'll protect this library. Bobby, damn. And third, I tried, uh, Emerald Coast. It just, it wasn't up to part Neil. Well, I was in off day. That's all I can tell you. Because I've been there dozens of times. It's always sensational. Hi. How you? Good luck, you pal. Get out of the way. Good support for our fine sponsor. Okay, smucker. 560, pound, five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. I've ever had a complaint about that before. No. No. But he don't like it. Maybe his taste is in his touch. I'll be the QA in hello. Yes sir. Hey, I don't mean to see him crying. But I'm just surprised nobody's put oj on this bus yet. Damn. Well, that's fantastic. What's wrong with that? That's a good one. That's exactly what the poll's all about. Everybody used to like, O.J. Even George. Yeah. I didn't have a problem with it anyway. A little bit. I mean, he didn't dislike him. Like those airplane movies. Just another dumb ex-Jocca was a bad actor and he used to run like hell to the hurts thing in the airport. And now of course, anybody with a half a brain hates you like we hate you like poor is no J. We want to mention him. I'm going to show every single day. We hate you like poor isle with a spies you. Even scram may turn on your ugly black ass. You're on strike. You're on strike. You're on strike. You're on strike. You're on strike. You're on strike. You're on strike. You're on strike. You're on strike. You're on strike. You're on strike. You're on strike. You're on strike. You're on strike. You're on strike. You're on strike. You're on strike. You're on strike. You're on strike. You're on strike. You're on strike. You're on strike. You're on strike. You're on strike. You're on strike. You're on strike. You're on strike. You're on strike. You're on strike. Caught him for a thin, young guy. Take a deep sleep. You're on strike. Well, good luck with that. And while you're on strike, what are you going to do in? I'm bringing Michael Jackson home to stay with us for a few days. You're not going to do it, Chris? No way. Could you have placed your jobs on such a slow call punch. We'll try to trickne him. No, it's like electrical Elvis. If they know it's dark, bleeding, it means you're picking it too much. Michael Jackson, whoo! You like it, Robbie, man? That's what the world means now. More love, more... Hey, girl, this touching right special area! So you must... Okay, Bob, show us how we're not gonna see here. Show us how, Bob! That's as wicked, and that says Hollywood. Homer, the UC Gen, the Jackson and Letterman. Ooh, please. All right, you're over-stimulated. Love that Homer Simpson, man. By the name! 101 at 560 WQMADDOT from Iceland, too, from Reykjavik, from that bogus-gotherman. That was a good excuse, right? Sure, by that. Golf. Then we got... I'm taking a look at that schedule. It's just a little bit hard to even say much less comprehend. We got Mo and... Oh! In the morning, from 5 to 8, then we got Jeldi and Bo. From 8 to 10, while Jel is in Limbo... That's what really said, the whole deal. Let's get Jelkastelba back in here somewhere. Right, with all of you, vacant the spots we got. Sure, right? I mean, Jel is like an almost real broadcaster. Certainly, it's compared to some of the Swille that we got on the right now. Ow! Bill Gallagher writes, Dry Drunk President losing his grip question mark. I don't want to do all this reading, but I will anyway. You should. Well, we got some more names on the pool. What else do they got? Not much. Bill Gallagher and the Niagara Falls reporter. On Niagara Falls, that's right around the corners. What I heard from some of Borcielts and Fixit. Don't be called on me anymore here, Fixit, okay? And don't be given my number out anymore, George. Okay. Fuck. What an idiot. The lies, the loosens and theceptions of George's W. Bush have reached the point of where the drug drug madness and the stinking thinking and his frighteningly flawed mind, are what drives all his remarks on the bogus al-Qaeda Iraq connection and the president's rigid judgmental worldview. In the best of times, George W. can be impatient, self-important and prone to irrational contorted rationalization. Now that is crazy unnecessary war in Iraq and grandiose plans to change the Middle East with more violence, it truly failed any fears that he might get bounced from the White House like his daddy. Our president's mental pathology is gaining more control over his behavior. The commission investigated the 9-11 terrorist attacks set off the president's panic attack, the commission which Bush first opposed and then ostensibly supported while his minions toward it its work, arrived at a conclusion that sent the White House into White Heat. In vividly clear language the commission reported, we have no credible evidence that Iraq and Al-Qaeda cooperated on attacks against the United States. That fact is well known to anyone who takes time to pursue the truth and is not blinded by partisan fanaticism. Even Bush said as much himself and one of the most under-reported stories of our times, last September 17th the president admitted probably for the first time that there was no evidence that Hussein was involved with the 9-11 attacks. That admission got little play in the media, the Wall Street Journal and New York Post didn't even bother to mention it and many other papers buried it far away from the front page. But the commission became the issue. Since the panel that exhaustive research and its chairman and half of its members were named by the president, the panel's reputation of the Sottam Al-Qaeda connection and raised Bush and the Emperor struck back. The reason I keep insisting there was a relationship between Iraq and Sottam Al-Qaeda is because there was a relationship between Iraq and Al-Qaeda Bush told reporters at the White House after the commission's findings were announced. Bush said his most significant evidence of this link is Abu Musab Al-Zakawi, a Jordanian terrorist the president claimed work with the Iraqi government as a senior Al-Qaeda terrorist planner. He failed to mention that then CIA director George Tenet testified before the Senate that Zakawi is a rogue operative who doesn't work with Al-Qaeda and was not associated with the Sottam regime. I noticed Bush had the same look on his face with that same smirk defiance and how dare you question me pose when he met last year with Polish reporters who asked him about the fan and weapons of mass destruction. Bush snapped impatiently, we have found weapons of mass destruction. Bush then went on to cite some mobile trailers his own inspectors already had dismissed his harmless weather labs. Bush then went on a twisted attempt to redefine the record that he and his people had deliberately clouded, either I should say by most of the mainstream media. Wait a minute, Bush cautioned saying this administration never said the 911 attacks were orchestrated between Sottam and Al-Qaeda. All that is technically correct, Bush chose to ignore the tour and of rhetoric he and a supporting cast of war mongers used to create just that impression. The administration convinced 70% of the American people before the war that Sottam Hussein was linked to 911 and now Bush is trying to distance himself from the lies and successful propaganda campaign that he orchestrated. Bush said flat out when you have to be in law and terrorist attack, you can't distinguish between Al-Qaeda and Sottam when you talk about the war on terror. Condolese erased Austin her contribution to the company lying saying, Sottam was a danger in the region where they 911 thread emerged. And of course there was Donald Romsterals wild on Fondocland that was in a week or a month Sottam could give his WMD to Al-Qaeda. Bush likes his enemies evil and simple, since Sottam was a personal irritant for Bush and said on the world's second largest oil reserves he was going to be the target no matter what. Unwilling would met the real reasons for war and with his phone he once now exposed, the president is growing more angry and resentful. In public he can still put on a cherry-enliquable face as he did when unveiling the Clinton's official portraits at the White House, but privately there's another picture. Bush has been displaying increasingly erratic behavior in mood swings reports capital hill blue and internet news site. Doug Thompson and Theresa Hanton who once wrote a skating piece about Bill Clinton and serial-groping and sexual attacks on women have written a chilling account that raises serious concerns about Bush's state of mind these days. It reminds me of Nixon of the old Nixon days one long time ago people are called consultant with the White House links told reporters, everybody is an enemy, everybody is out to get in, that's the mood over there. White House states told Thompson Hanton that Bush is now micro-managing to the extreme, spending hours reviewing attack ads against John Kerry and denouncing Democrats he calls enemies of the state. The report notes secretary is day colon Powell as fallen from grace because of his doubts about the war against Iraq. One House, a White House, a reveals we lost focus. The president just got hung up on the weapons of mass destruction and the non-proven link to Al Qaeda, we could have found other justifiable reasons for the war, but the president insisted that most to tenuous items. But George W. Bush is an un-yielding, inflexible and extreme man who by his own admission follows the page of his gut rather than careful thought and reflection. Bush may be showing more signs of being a dry drunk according to Katherine Vartowormer co-author of addiction treatment as strengths perspective. In an article in counter punch magazine she writes, Dry drunk is a slang term used by members and supporters of Al Qahalak synonymous and substance abuse counselors to describe the recovering Al Qahalak who was no longer drinking, one who was dry but who's thinking is clouded. Such an individual is said to be dry but not truly sober, such an individual tends to go to extremes. She also observed that Bush's obsessions tunnel vision single-mindedness and grandiosity put to the stinking thinking commonly found in dry drunks. Bush will claim forever that Sodom was encodes with Al Qaeda, that the war meant weapons amassed destruction and that is where the rack is all about doing God's work and spreading freedom, that's how his damage is mined his program. Dick Cheney's in other case, he sets his own course and says, what he pleases. The vice president or an abler in chief has nurtured Bush's obsessions. Cheney is the most strident propagator of the Al Qaeda, Iraq, link, lie, and is sticking with a story in a futile attempt to save his fallen reputation and the hope that continuing the deception for five more months will salvage the Bush administration chances for another term in office. His clinging to power in his addiction to his discredited reasons for war drive Cheney. Two days before the 9th love and commission debunk the Al Qaeda Iraq connection, Cheney who's surely was tipped off made a pre-interstrike, claiming Sodom was saying had long established ties with Al Qaeda. Cheney was so enraged with media reports about the commission's findings, he ventured from his usual projected foreprotected forearmly Ruslim Boschow to CNBC territory where he might even be asked a question. Asked if Iraq was involved in the 9th love of the tax Cheney said in his also solemn tones, we don't know, and then with a smugness that goes with power addiction Cheney was asked if he knows information, the 9th love and commission is not know he crowed. Probably. Ola Pee does, why didn't he share with the commission? Why didn't he tell the American people about the previously unknown smoking gun on the Al Qaeda Iraq connection? Will Cheney provide new evidence? Probably not. With the power drunk Cheney navigating and the drunk, dry drunk bush at the helm, our ship of state is in distress, we should throw them both overboard, right spilled Gallagher and then I refuse reporter. Dry drunk. What was it that I'm a citizen morning about Cheney, pork chop, but stuffing. That was great, even for the old daughtering I'm man, I was sensational. 560, 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T and Verizon line, WQAM hello. Hey, how you doing? Pretty good. Neil and George? Speaking. Hey, nice to talk with you guys. Likewise. This is Frank Gonzalez, I'm a candidate for US House 20 against Lincoln Deal. Hey, Frank. How are you? I'm Frank. Is this a screen of the actual call? This is us. Oh, great. It's great to talk with you guys. I wanted to let you know that we're going to be on this wall, a chase Neil hasn't heard of it because I haven't. This is Neil. I'm sorry, Neil. I can't tell your voice on the phone at different. That's the idea. It's a centrifuge. Anyway, that's why we're going to let you know. The only guy standing in between Lincoln Deal's board is 7th term. It's 13th and 14th year. Right. I got my own signatures out there. I agree with everything you're saying about the Bush administration. I think about the ruling yesterday and the Senate was horrible. If one of us were there, we definitely would vote this down. We would never let this pass. We're going to be on going rally tonight at APM with our presidential candidate Michael Badenark. We're already on 31st state ballots while makers need not one officially. Would you give me additional point my website? Sure go ahead. It's www.Gonzalez for congress.org. I know from the people who have petitioned from that they really are disgusted with Lincoln Beans' board. He's a Bush lover. He favors the award. He favors the draft. You're a Bush lawyer. What party are you running on? I'm a third party candidate. I'm the only guy. There's no Democrat. I'm a libertarian. I remember the libertarian party. I'm hoping that with the advocacy and the basically discussed with us going on in the Bush administration, the people are going to start turning to all targets because the big two parties, let's say the country is going to be doing much the same thing. He had a thing on his website earlier that said he wanted to have mandatory service for young people, which is the same thing as the conscription or the draft. They changed it as soon as we call them on it. They tried everything they can to basically get through and get the vote without really being honest with what they're promoting. Why is mandatory service? I mean, I have about the Peace Corps. Things like that. That's not the same as the draft. No, agreed. But again, it's all about voluntary. You know, we believe that you should, you're the one to decide what to do with your body, with your income. Well, anybody has run in against the Lincoln D.S. We wish nothing but the best luck. Well, thanks. For some reason, there's no Democrat. I asked them why. And they just haven't put anybody up there. They thought they were going to be there. Because they just, they're, they're, they're conceding. That's obviously why. But he, he is very beatable. He's, he's got, though, we've got 50,000 new voters. Most of whom are Democrat and independence voters. And I, oh, another thing. I oppose the embargo on Cuba. I'm a Cuban to set myself. And I think it's a disaster. The censorship, the, the, the privacy violations with the Patriot Act. Those things are all horrible. People don't realize it. We're losing our freedom. We're not, we're not free anymore. So anyway, I, I just, I appreciate your time. Again, it's, uh, www.GonzalezForConverse.org. I'm, I'm not a politician, I'm not a lawyer. I'm just trying to make a difference. I'm, I don't see anybody else doing it. So, you know, help me out if you can. I know people are like, good luck here, maybe. Thanks, thank you. Bye bye. But he's, you know, I'm at the party, which I'm not all like crazy about, but nevertheless, if he's running against Lincoln, the impact, if he's, uh, against any of the ideas, but that's good news to me, you know? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. When are your people? Which one? You're going to vote for him? Yeah. Sure. 113. At 5. 60. WQM. Summers here, but are you still embarrassed to take off your shirt at the pool, or where the nice, skirt you saw to win, oh god, almighty. I was so tempted to buy it, but I thought, man, but just your company's going to be waltz and around in that thing. So what do you do in a finally-lose way, and feel better about yourself? You've got to take advantage of balance for life. Who would have thought you could have three meals and two snacks delivered right you'd do a daily and still lose weight? And don't forget the beauty is you get to pick your meals. Every week you get a different menu with two solutions for every meal. Another company offers this. Select your breakfast lunch dinner, two snacks. That's it. No cooking, no cleaning. No calorie counting, no carb counting. And you lose weight because all the meals are based on the proven zone diet by Dr. Barry Sears, who only wishes you's related to Brian Sears. For example, many choices this week are portable and provoloning omelet, feel Marcelo and Krablui Salad. How can you call that dieting? People on balance for life are losing an average of 15 pounds a month or not even trying. Plus for limited time get a free pedometer when you sign up which is not by the way for pedophiles. Track your steps increase the weight loss with your pedometer. And not try their special 7-day trial never offered before. Don't forget, check them on the web if you like it. Balance for Life.com but if you want to get started right away and make that tool free call 1-8-6-2-2-5-45-43. If you'd like to avoid that pace maker like certain people we know, I make that call today. Could be an important one. 1-8-6-2-5-45-43. Or again, check them on the web at balanceforlife.com. 1-8-6-4-45-43. If you want to get started right away, you can call that. If you want to get started right away, you can call that. If you want to get started right away, you can call that. If you want to get started right away, you can call that. If you want to get started right away, you can call that. If you want to get started right away, you can call that. If you want to get started right away, you can call that. If you want to get started right away, you can call that. If you want to get started right away, you can call that. If you want to get started right away, you can call that. If you want to get started right away, you can call that. If you want to get started right away, you can call that. If you want to get started right away, you can call that. If you want to get started right away, you can call that. If you want to get started right away, you can call that. If you want to get started right away, you can call that. If you want to get started right away, you can call that. If you want to get started right away, you can call that. If you want to get started right away, you can call that. If you want to get started right away, you can call that. If you want to get started right away, you can call that. If you want to get started right away, you can call that. If you want to get started right away, you can call that. If you want to get started right away, you can call that. If you want to get started right away, you can call that. If you want to get started right away, you can call that. If you want to get started right away, you can call that. If you want to get started right away, you can call that. If you want to get started right away, you can call that. If you want to get started right away, you can call that. If you want to get started right away, you can call that. If you want to get started right away, you can call that. If you want to get started right away, you can call that. If you want to get started right away, you can call that. If you want to get started right away, you can call that. If you want to get started right away, you can call that. If you want to get started right away, you can call that. If you want to get started right away, you can call that. If you want to get started right away, you can call that. If you want to get started right away, you can call that. If you want to get started right away, you can call that. If you want to get started right away, you can call that. If you want to get started right away, you can call that. If you want to get started right away, you can call that. If you want to get started right away, you Can call that. If you want to get started right away, you can call that. If you want to get started right away, you can call it. If you want to get into a party like that. On a play as basketball studio, president. If you want to get into a party like that, president, president. On a play as president. On a play as president. At a stage of the baseball studio, president. And as much as I will vote for Kerry 30 or 40 times the fact that it matter is that he was a he's a park-cooking spirit It's very easy to say now after the fact Boy you screwed it all up and he did this wrong. Did they run he gave their upper stance to it sure Along with most of the others. That's why we won our boy back, baby How about our last minute switch? Come on one last shot. Yeah bring our boy back What do you say? Oh, I'll carry it and you know this how we don't there was a little furry there when he was squeezing and hugging with Kerry And then now we don't hear anything from him anymore Come on. Let's bring a back a lot. We're gonna South Carolina. Yeah, and Oklahoma and Arizona And go to the corner We're gonna go for you In Texas, New York We're gonna South Dakota And then we're gonna watch it and you see it and take back the white house But look what we got you Pop head Roosevelt look what we got Here's some good news. You know one thing that amazes me. You see all these vagras spots and what's that other one? C. Allow the Alistair there are more limp Americans boy is really scary In fact, I think that's speaking of the Democratic Party just like what we saw yesterday always the Democrats in the Senate limp members Wouldn't it be good to wait to describe them yet earth members of the Congress? Slim down the sex up is what the new thing is of course, let me down how do you do that? This this stuff they put on TV man you just want to take your TV and put it in the bottom of the pool put it in the ocean somewhere Just throw a rock through it How can obese men revive their sex lives exercise more and eat less Revolutionaries speak of that do we have a bulletin from our buddy? Hi, how are you? And you update on his condition? No, we haven't got any bullet Oh, I'm bullet in But they probably trying to stick one in right now. They can't get it through all the layers of fat a new study reports that a third of obese men with the erectile dysfunction or ED Ed Hi Ed Regained sexual function after two years of treatment at a weight loss clinic Some experts say the finding is yet another reason to encourage their patients who is waiting to take on healthy habits I thought it was gonna save finding it would help I healthy lifestyle and not only improve sexual function, but also provide me with other benefits to the patient Wow, what a concept isn't a revolutionary how they come up with all these great ideas And the results are tangible not only during the patient's physical exam, but also in the bedroom If the patients will be and has erectile dysfunction losing weight has a positive effect of regaining sexual function in one of three patients as Christopher sigal a year-old is just a David Giffin school of medicine at the University of California Los Angeles The study published in this week's urinal of the American Medical Association, which is read enthusiastically by Josh Beckett He loves that urinal reports that out of a group of 55 obese men between the ages of 35 and 55 who had erectile dysfunction 17 of them regained sexual function after two years of intensive help at a weight loss clinic Of course being able to find it is real helpful that that's what I'm saying Almost the third of obese men reversed their ed after exercising more and losing weight that fact is striking wrote sigal and the company editor of the study The successful men up their level of physical activity from an average of 48 minutes of exercise week to three hours of exercise 48 minutes of exercise week that's like seven minutes a day who does do a nap Well walk into your car back. I see mainly walking, but also swimming or aerobic games like football or baseball By adopting a low calorie dad they also reduce their body mass index from so how about instead of a walk off home Let's have a runoff Now we're talking let's have a runoff Yeah, just like an election or runoff instead of just a walk off and then we won't have all those fat slabs walking around Then maybe somebody's guys won't have a big fat ass like they got Like what's his name for the Indians don't pitch for the insinema what tells that guy at pitch for the Indians in the 90s several series Come on Josh Got me oh my god with an ass to size them out rush more Good looking kitty pitch for the Indians and I think it was the losing picture in that game to the marlins. I do believe Well the aspect I don't remember Well what does that have to do with it because he had a big ass? Yeah Pudge fish had a big ass as he aspect no what about the Gaffer to Red Sox to head to big ass. What's his name? Clim we're getting a report here. What? You're talking about Bartolocolong? No, not talking about Bartolocolong. You are seriously man. You better walk off You better do a walk off act with evil birds Yeah, thanks a lot Curtis. Okay, like I said we got people on here like Curtis Stevenson and we're nothing about sports Bartolocolong my ass Well, that's that's where you'll find it 560 pound fine signal. How about Mickey Lola joke. He let's go away back in time all right since obviously you guys are just totally lost How about Pudge Rodriguez with that big good? Is that somebody we can relate to and understand? Okay, and what how do we get into that with a big ass? That's right. If Pudge would hit a runoff home run Maybe he wouldn't have such a big ass. That's what I'm trying to tell you. Okay. Okay. You can walk off. That was my whole point. He could no he needs to run off not walk off Walk off home run my ass. That is got to be I stay it's already Wednesday This is starting to sink in a little bit, but I can't I can't absorb it. I can't handle it. It's so stupid. So idiotic Dennis Miller is pulling away from Phil positive are you sure? Yeah Which of these people that's that's that's this description Somebody used to like but I'll hate like poison. Hey Jared right picture for the news. That's the one who gave you that Sean. Thank you Sean whoever you are Watch on listener now he works here now with the information In promotions oh by way Miguel where's those tickets just a joke just relax you crazy spick Dennis Miller 127 Phil Henry 93 Yelding Gelsen's got 43 OJ moved up from nowhere to 36 poor he's gonna be moving up real fast. You know what do you think he's gonna overtake Dennis Miller? I believe so What I think he will you'll see Ralph later 29 jury Lewis 28 hey lady colon Powell 22 Fred there's 21. That's amazing now. What is it that he did that turned everybody so sour? Just a just as two just agnaturally right just be a general spaz hole Todd's nit 18 thick Morris 11 Arnold Schwarzenegger 9 the on Sanders got eight Mr. Igor the cane myster's got seven Phil Jackson five John McCain five Elton John four Bob Novak three Tom jick has got one Pat Raleigh's got one and they were brand don't have one out of 471 votes. We'll get a few more names on here or not W to Q a and hello Yes, sir Oh, yeah, we're saying is sure now the black guy that played for the red socks come on with a big fat ads super star slugger What when recently within what I'm gonna hello the last five years ten years Moe Vaughan see leave it to me. Oh Vaughan What yeah, he finishes career with the match. That's why he didn't play for the red side. Oh, he did, but you know I said but in the last five ten years one is one of the hang it up Two years ago, okay, so is that within the last five or ten years? Well, he hung it up with the buddy finished his career. How many games he played for the match about the Boy, you are so your brutal man. Well, it leave it to me and it only you want to know the reason that his name came to mind is because my closest best personal friend Absolutely depends on share the same first name with him I can't pay it in good morning. This is John Kerry many of you were listening while riding in your cars For many you're pulling out of the gas station after filling up the tank How much did a caught in your family this week? Let's ensure families of struggling to make ends meet just to pay for gas We can do this I have a plan the asleep at the wheel during this current energy crisis The strong America begins at home with these high energy costs and I believe America can and should be the place That will spend an additional seven billion on fuel gas prices drop But it doesn't have to be this way We can have an energy crisis. This is the great project for our generation Let's do it together and not stop working until we get there. I'm John Kerry Thank you for listening now. I understand why Josh Beckett won't pee at the urinal next to Josh show a courtist Now I understand why they've been boring won't let Josh who does his hair piece in between innings You better get with it, man. You should don't know your baseball mobile Move on Move on return officially you know when It was two years ago, wasn't this season? No, he did it he announced January 8th that he would he last played on May 3rd of last year when he went on to disable list with a met Who's with a met for two years? Why don't what she didn't play most of the year? I Like that but he but he was out all last season and he said he wasn't gonna come back He played he went on to disable this May 3rd never played again. That's correct So that's last year and he announced January 5th of this year that You would know his ass from a subtle field or is that he like that? Man, oh man. All they only put I was trying to make is that there a lot of fat athletes out there They are like a do a runoff on run some of these big sluggers like baby Ruth He could have probably won all for a couple of pounds He did a fat a cramp, but what ass ass leads fat ass leads that's right as in Beckham. That's it Oh speaking of asses the house ethics committee said yesterday It's gonna review a complaint from a Texas Congressman that accuses House Majority leader Tom Galey a fellow Texan and a real ass of serious criminal ass But there's nothing worse than a criminal ass The committee said democratic representative Chris Bell met House rules for filing such a complaint The decision is largely procedural not based on the merits of the allegations delay a Republican Of course a right wing in Zellot a fascist bastard has called the complaint file last week to product They disgruntle lawmaker Bella freshman lost his real-time bit in Texas march primers after Republicans We drew his Houston district the committee's decision Tuesday triggers a 45 day review of the complaint The audio the only bell called the committee's movement important first step in the long journey to restore integrity and ethics to the people's house and told House Majority leader Holden accountable for his actions Rabbit lunatic five six seven. Oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line Dennis Miller 136 Phil Henry 93 guilty 45 And guess who's keeping up on Galey's ass is O. J. and who from what I'm saying looks like he's got a machining in his hand He's got 41 he's right on Galey's butt and Ralph Nader's got a WQAM hello It's a system Okay, whatever you say I'll boil it and see how it comes up All the experts all the time. No, it's not a boiled deal. It's a cyst How do you get in the system I go come on Galey who got the assistant I go it's a goal? I can't wait I might just actually come in here if there is a hockey season and listen to some of those broadcasts And then like tape some of it and critique it on the ear the next day. Oh, I make his huh? It's that sounds great. Yeah Hey listen don't be knocking those hockey shows man. That's the water The miracle we're still on the air after that crap WQAM hello QAM line eight See you know yes, sir Speaking Yeah, how you done? I'm still doing good. Okay. I've got a quick question for you It's like a rational thinking guy even though you lean a little to the left Why are these people better in our rack chopping off heads to get a bat of there if there's no time Well, what does that mean to the people the people in our rack now? They have every kind of terrorist group that's ever been invented there was these people weren't there before we started to drop in the Bomba Grande yeah, they weren't there but they're really getting militant now that just because we're there if there's no tie there Why are they trying to terrorize people? Oh my god because now it's a hotbed for terrorists They they created this don't you understand are going there created this we opened up the door There's a vacuum there's no security we fired the army. Oh my god. What a maniac Where are they chopping off why are they militant? Oh brother. I mean Don't confuse us little with the facts It's a hotbed of terrorism every terrorist group from Iran from everywhere in a Middle East from all over the world They're coming on in we took out the system that was keeping them out. Oh brother This is so sad But nevertheless 567. 560 pound 560 pound 570 I lean a little to the left I lean whatever a hell way other wind is blowing okay. I don't lean I'm way over on the left and I'm proud of it This visit you lean a little to the left I'm not a Nazi okay, and I'm really proud of that all right. I'm not a Nazi and not even a communist this since that one I would with the high-eye would white bucks and high-button shoes and knickers What you call it all these silly people with their freaking labels okay? How about being a thinking greeting human being? Which sure you obviously are not Read one of the stories on our website someday. It has somebody read it to you might learn something There's so militant. Their chopping people said so. Oh no kidding. Maybe their barbarians is that what you're thinking about? See if they would just blow people up with bombs that would be more civilized Yeah, like like Bill Aralee said that's right Let's be civilized and just they're blowing a bunch of people away including a lot of innocent women and kids That's a good idea because we're not barbaric like they are right. I'm chopping heads up one at a time. What's that? WQM hello Neil. Yes, sir. How the heck are you pretty good? Tampa College. I'm so sorry What do you mean? What are you talking about? That's a great relationship. Nice job by the way It was a great job the lightning. I love my love bread Richards. I love it in La Cavania Like they told a relative a great job What's with you? You don't feel like you're no more happy so what is that mean? I just you know I thought hockey was your life Hockey is not my life radio is not my life my life is my life. What do you want me to do do a dance the hour Did this this is a long after the fact how long you're gonna be living on this the glory of the Stanley Cup? I'll reach couple more months. I think yeah, I don't think so. I don't think you're gonna squeeze at that hard I'm gonna suck as much others. I can now that you will Okay, well while time no talk. Yeah, and we thank God for that. Oh boy how about the pro guy? Nothing to say wants me to congratulate him on Tampa be wouldn't understand the cup. I didn't know he played Oh, that was nickel. I hobby Bullon, huh? I don't think so The well, you know I can't get to I rate what a guy because he's in Tampa, you know He's got to have something he's got to have something to squeeze on to just like in South Florida. It's the same thing Oh, we love the Marlin we love the heat whatever's going on with them all my which show You know we don't like the dolphins too much anymore. We hate the panthers and you know in the circle And just forget about them screw them to them. That was a raspberry. I Just in case Mike Rosen tells listening and monitoring that was your raspberry. We can't afford to be paying like 275 grand per raspberry Uh, oh, there was two of them We could be we could be out of we could be bankers by 141 what he has is $3 million limit so Oh, that's grew small potatoes and I've ever thought about that that's 3 million a day That's only like 90 million a month. What's that among friends, right cost to do business Probably Greg is fleece more out of that and trade out just this month And back to 146 at five 60 that last call like I from Tampa just sets my insides just twisting you know I got the old twisted kissies now Yeah, I mean what's not enthusiastic? I think I'm not sick and graduations and great job Brad Richard and a lightning and John Tordorolo coach And it didn't name everybody on team, but I could but I'm not gonna waste the time. Oh What's the matter you don't sound like you're a hockey's your life? See if he would have approached it the correct way he would have understood first of all It's not a sports show, but if it were I mean didn't Tampa didn't a bucks win a Super Bowl two years ago Yes, yeah, yeah Didn't a lightning just win the Stanley Cup just a couple of weeks ago correct right now When did the Panthers win the Stanley Cup? In fact when did the Panthers last make it in the playoff so many years ago Man when did the dolphins last win a Super Bowl? God man yeah So even though Tampa is a mug won place and in the end with all place and most of the people there came out of a cave and Entry somewhere or Nashville From a sports standpoint they got it heads and shoulders right and at least their basketball team didn't lose in a playoff this year Right You don't have one but nevertheless they're basketball team didn't lose you referring to Orlando no I'm talking about Tampa Yeah, I'm free free to Orlando. Oh brother. Yeah, the big Oh that Orlando you are just a mess today. Let's work it with that Ben Boring guy. What's he doing try to put his a piece on your head Where he's just Becca would do well. I don't want to go into that Robert sheer rights the truth about Iraq finally has its pants on speaking to Josh Beckett We have no credible evidence that Iraq and Al Qaeda cooperated and I'm tax against United States We've ports of staff at the bar partisan 911 commission and demolishing one of the Bush administrations Main arguments for invading Iraq now the administration and its spin-mysters are reduced to playing cheap somatic tricks to justify one of history's great Bane and switch operations arguing that they never said explicitly that Iraq was collaborating with Al Qaeda on the U.S The administration was perfectly happy when more than four out of five Americans pooled as we went to war Said they believe Saddam Hussein had something to do with the destruction of the world trade center towers We are not a belief that the dozens of prominent references by President Bush and his top officials do Linkages between Al Qaeda and Iraq were taken on the context by a confused public For example the administration is now saying that when Bush announced on the deck of the aircraft carrier Abraham Lincoln That the defeated who same was an L.I. of Al Qaeda he didn't mean they actually helped each other When Secretary is they'd call him pal told the U.N. that Al Qaeda was operating inside Iraq He apparently assumed people knew that he was referring to an affiliate called Ansar al Islam that was operating in the north And no flies on patrol by the U.S. and outside Husains control and When Vice President Dick Cheney said on meet the press that by attacking Iraq will have struck a major blow way to the heart of the base if you will the geographic base of the terrorist to let us under assault now for many years But most especially at 911 he was only hopefully pointing out that Iraq is in the Middle East too Yeah, right the reality is that Bush and company have turned the language of lying into a fine art Always leading themselves a shred of the liability in case the truth catches up For example, Cheney has repeatedly cited as a smoking gun and always shaky report of a 911 hijack or Muhammad Ata possibly meeting with Iraqi official in Prague only months before the attacks tying the nation that the soul claimed to direct evidence linking Iraq with 911 had been pretty well confirmed The 911 commission staff however benched the differcing Ata was in Florida We've examined the allegation that on time it with an Iraqi intelligence officer in Prague April 9 based on the evidence Available including investigations by check in US authorities plus the teeny reporting we do not believe that any such meeting occurred The fact is that while the administration has been doing its utmost since 911 Commences that Iraq is the central front in the war on terror our security goals have been terribly compromised by spending our political military and moral capital on the wrong enemy As the 911 commission interim report makes clear Osama bin Laden's allies before 911 where Afghanistan and the only two countries that recognized its Taliban regime are so-called allies Pakistan and Saudi Arabia In no meaningful sense for the religious fanatics in Afghanistan the secular dictator of Iraq allies Indeed what the staff reports is is bin Laden had in fact a one-time sponsored anti-Satom Islamist in Iraqi Kurdistan Later in 94 bin Laden made overtures to a Iraqi intelligence officer Requesting space to establish training camps as well as assistance in procuring weapons, but Iraq apparently never responded Never responded does not a relationship make yet Bush not one to let the facts get in the way said last week The reason I keep insisting there was a relationship between Iraq and Sada Man al-Qad is because there was a relationship between Iraq and Al-Qadah It's the big lie technique never flinch in the face of truth That's why Bush will never admit that he got it wrong when he told the nation on the eve of going to war Iraq is in bomb making and document forgery experts to work with al-Qadah Iraq is also provided al-Qadah with chemical and biological weapons training There's a saying that a lot can get halfway around the world before truth gets its pants on Well thanks to the many brave Americans who pushed so strenuously against the wishes of this administration For a legitimate investigation in the events of 911 2001 the truth has its pants on now and maybe can finally enlighten the 40% of Americans Who's still believe that Iraq played a role in the attacks? 40% still believe it like that smuck that call before well, gee they're really getting militant now and what are they doing over there Why did Trump and people said so? I Think they're real question is why are they there and how did they get there and who were the enablers allowing them to be there and do other thing Well, they're supposed to greet us with candy and flowers. I see. Well, that's right. We're supposed to get about that too Or maybe somebody just hijacked all the candy and flowers. Maybe do you when's got it? How's that pull coming which of these people? fits this description best somebody used to like and now you hate them like poison Dennis Miller 148 look who just made 100 are you sure feel Henry? OJ's moving up fast though. You'll see 51 he's 5 minutes just hopped over gully like he was a dead man 51 to 50 Ralph Nader 33 Jerry Louis 28 colon pile 24 Fred Durst 21 Todd snets got 20 and after that it's small taters It's this, is course rajoo by 60 They belong to a couple this old Move Hey Jim on that of the head who's first to him begins with There's one thing we all under  I'll kiddo won't be finished until we blow up Pakistan That's the movie We could chase them round forever with our tanks and all our troops But special forces are so tired I've jumped in through them who's sad You don't need another airplane So let's cut out all the nonsense And go blow up Pakistan Okay I'll kiddo need a nuclear tank Why don't we stop with seafood And go blow up Pakistan Amen and then we'll take gun to Saudis and then you know and we'll hook up the big hose to the world It'll be all set 35 cents a gallon of our station This station here QAIM Anyway, let's start a rumor. Let's get a run on the gas Dennis Miller 151 fill 1004 OJ 54 guilty 50 now if anybody missed the show today They miss them heavy duty news of you now you got that thing cute up with mole because I don't want to put you on a spot again No, he doesn't have a kid You don't have it? You know you can load multiple things on that second deck there Oh my god, are we gonna run out of time before we get a chance to play the game? I got news for you What happens to stay in the front of you now two years later and say it took me a little while a little slow learner but Neil I apologize It's way deal you are the truth Don't do do do do do you how do you like that We have finally Nobody would have ever dreamed this okay and the only reason I'm doing this because Yolty is just he's he's the sugar in the wood pile he's the odd man out Just everything about his behavior and his ambiance and everything that he's done and just turning and stabbing in all directions And quite frankly they're ain't nothing there, baby. They're ain't no talent. That's the problem. They're ain't nothing there But a squeaky voice the puts He's gonna do the panty and I love the guy to call his I sounds to me like a little bit of jealousy Yeah, I'm really inclined to do the pants again. They'll be doing play by play in a wintertime Oh, man, what a lunatic. It's got a question of jealousy. It's a question of a guy there that's just Darning out in all directions. So don't belong on here in the first place, but nevertheless Joe Rose will be coming back one of these days. We have any idea when oh this week Next week to week from suck his oh nobody knows does stuff know this clearance no does anybody give it as Greg No as soon as Greg gets that lobotomy man things will get straight in the right Oh