Mars, the day day, you'll work out on your baby. H-D-R-E-G-O-T-O-C-O. You can't come on low. You can't come on low. You can't come on low. You can't come on low. Why not? If I can't allow that, I will be about to go. Come on, and soon. To an Iraqi state of Amir, you. It's the concept of what you've been dying to see. Love of al-Mumshah. Oh, you're a favorite cutting edge alternative terrorist done one stage for one explosive proponents. Love of al-Mumshah. See such genocidal orders as a moplata al-Sah. He's deputy, Mustafa Al-Yatulay. And 963 other names we carry them from now. If you want to see a conjecture that's complete, follow G-I-S, you won't want to mess. Love of al-Luzia. And coming later this summer, it's Gaza place, starring Osama Oswar. Hi, I'm Al-Mum. Good to see you. I am Zed Faj. Can I want it 560WQM happy Wednesday to a man that pressure is building toward 1130 tomorrow morning. Can't you smell it? I spill something. Well, that's because love threw him not too long ago. He left a lingering aroma because of the pressure that's building toward the big book coming out tomorrow. I think that this rating book may be the most cataclysmic in the history of the sunflower market. Don't I always say that? No. I mean, once in a while I'll say, I think this portends our future or something like that. But I think tomorrow is the dividing line. And it's a question of who's going to be crossing that line and who's going to like just kind of collapse. Anyway, we're getting the bad. Because let's see, we got let's see. And then 24, 25 and a half hours. Let's do it. Let's do it. 25 hours, 20 minutes. But who's counting? Till his numbers start coming out tomorrow. And I think WBGG could be the most unbelievable collapse in history of sunflower market. They're just going to vanish. This life has station in San Diego. Team town is going to get there. It's baby. I'm turning that back to tomorrow. They're going to take a dump. Now the good news about Felugi is that the ceasefire is still in effect. That's what they're telling us. The bad news is we're watching the battle going on with the Marines and the insurgents as we speak. It's been on for like an hour and a half. So the idiots had seen in who consider that you're all got the mentality of a three year old are telling us roughly that all the good news is the ceasefire is still in effect. The bad news is of course they're like having a huge contract with us. Just isolated incidents. That's why I let Smoke has been billowing up in the air for like the last several hours. At any rate. What are we doing there? Who's we? What are they doing there? Look for the killer. We've been to day five to seven and anchors away at Beach Place in Fort Lauderdale stopped by the spin-to-veal for prizes. And that's a little while ago. You're starting to move into those territories and those gay abrairies. And registered when 300 scratch up to get from the Florida lottery. That would bring me out there. What's the lottery up to 50 million? It's the anchors away party for the Arenc show today at Beach Place and will be there QM57 in Fort Lauderdale. Here's the results he yesterday is pool. And we're going to wrap this thing up a two more today. We don't want to drag this out all week to week. We could put other categories in it. But it gets kind of ponderous. Which of these people best bits of description of two gay? Now some of you got it and many of you didn't get it. Many of you just as usual thought. Oh, just name a bunch of people you think are gay. Just name some people you suspect being a fag. That's where that Louis Anderson. And I want to retract my apology that guy yesterday. I'm supposed to feel bad because I thought he was full of crap. Well, though we Anderson to me is not like a screaming little queen. He's just a never you you hit or I don't know. He's a neverish. Yeah. Just a round little goofy guy. Two gay Richard Simmons. Well, at least the audience got it right. Trevor in 67. I mean come on. I get your hands away from my neck. You screaming very you. Christopher Lowell, 100 79 came in a nice second. Liberace 130. Wither without that candle. Maybe he was just Jewish. He was celebrating Hanukkah all the time. Huh? Maybe it was a menorah. Jim J. Bullock. And after the atop three was a real cat fight. Jim J. Bullock and that drug were tied 65 of a piece ever seen together. No. Same person just the hat for the disguise. Queer eye guys off 65 and 64. Harvey firestein ages me up. Harvey had 63. I had 60. It was kind like a real battle in there for the minor spoils. Boy George 47 rose your dollar and triple compote 43 a piece. Michael Jackson 42. Charles Nelson Rally 37. Place Akin 32. Do we have that big place Akin Ainess? Yeah. Excellent. Paul and no we don't. Paul in 31. Secret in right 24. Ricky Williams 24. He's straight as an arrow man. We got a fact from a guy who knows him. We'll hang with him in the hood. And Ricky Williams is not with all his rumors about him. Our crack. Little Richard 22. Every flash of 17. Miss Kamal the weather fairy has taken over. Did that something? He got 15. And the other weather fairy Brian or cross. Only nine. So I guess Bill Kamal has the official title now for South Florida. Of the official weather fairy number of Uno. Brian or crosses have been relegated now to weather fairy Junior. Elton job 13. Tanner Reno. It doesn't Bruce V. Lance 12. Would I yellow hair? Alan Sousa doesn't freaky Carlos at our front desk 12. Probably from inside the building. Ellen degenerate 11. Define was tied with little Brian or cross nine of piece Andy Warhol 8. Rex Reed 7. Isaac Miss Rocky. Jack work hammer rip torn. He's had six. Freddie Mercury George Michael Nick Carter five of a piece. Murph Griffin three. Oh he denies that vehemently. Johnny McHers two drew Michaels had a pair. Oh. One for the weander. One for David Hype Pearson. I have no idea who that is one. Oh, this is amazing out of over 1500 vote. Do you see this? Do I see what? What do you hold enough? Jim neighbors had the big. Oh. Salmino. Oh. Tony Giri. How did we spell it wrong? Oh. James Brown. Oh. Johnny Versauchy. Oh. And they're all. None. Those last six categories there. Jim neighbors wasn't two gay. Rocks that he was just right. And what about. He's been dead a very long time. Oh, Tony Giri. We don't have any people watching General Hospital. Thank goodness. And I don't know. So that's the killed a couple of hours with that. And they naturally that we're going to milk it for all we can. Because we're just I'm not going to make any pretence to you. We're just in fact. I'm going to go along with that critical cost. It facts. We got a couple of days ago from JJ. BB whatever was in the Pembroke finds. Today we're just Biden time. We're just running off the clock. Right. Because tomorrow when those number of worse fashion and a toast and welcome to the coast. When the numbers come at level 30 tomorrow, it's going to be just a wild time. You know, we'll see. I think we'll do fine. We'll be okay. Oh, we're fine. But the chief channel stations they must be getting real nervous about the reaction of the audience to their crap. And you might be interested in knowing which company bought out more acquired more stations in 2003 than any other. You got to write. Chief channel. Oh. Yeah. They don't have enough already. Okay. The first two hours today. Which of these people best fits the description of two Cuban? We did two Jewish and the first two hours yesterday. Two gay in the second two hours. And which of these people best fits the description of two Cuban? I only started with two. Ilyana Ross Latenin and Alex Penellus. Although you may see that written out a little differently on the poll. We just can't say that no more Alex. Perkania. I got what to add. Who's that? It's from one-soul census. Oh yeah. Raman's sower census. Yeah. What a piece of crap. Does he still go up and down the intercostal and is yacht with his pet baggage? Yeah. Now on our behind-the-be the curtain thing, they would like to give it a little heads-up on that to start of the show. We didn't take a peek at it. If you're going to age a 55 and have many poe-up pieces of ID. It's e-m-on again. No, it's not. It isn't? No. Of course not. Who is it? It's Carrie Werner. Oh, you didn't change the picture on me. Right on you. I don't understand. Why do you do that? That wasn't the picture we had of e-m-on yesterday. It wasn't the practice picture. Oh, and so I don't have any, uh, that's a file. I don't have any bio. I don't have any info. I don't even know who she is. Carrie Werner. Sure. She's been in a lot of movies. She showed her breasts a lot. Then she started feeling self-conscious about it and took her in. Plants out. No. You never see him again. She was also a very Werner. I mean, you were, while you're doing the break, I'm going to be in a Simon. I have some to do there. She's at that TV show of sliders. How about your part? Slide around. Sliders. I thought you got those away. Arnold's. That's what I thought you got. Yeah, that's what that a lot of people call them. Little greasy hamburgers. They call them sliders. How is Wayne doing by the way? We haven't heard about Wayne and, uh, all our different Hudson. Yeah. And that crowd. Yeah, that's right. You guys can get some of that child next week. We'll feast. Uh-huh. What the beast. So anyway, that's our new pool. And I got some stuff. First of all, before I see there, they're going to go nuts with this Cuban thing. You'll see. Oh, yeah. It was Cubans. Cubans. And rightfully so. Suspicious white powder found in mail and built kittens office. Former president built kittens office was briefly evacuated yesterday. After a worker opened a package containing his suspicious powder, police said. A secret service agent assigned the Manhattan Office opened a package. Yesterday morning, a letter in a file of powder were inside preliminary tests were negative for anthrax. The city department of health, where conduct further test they said. Tenten was not in the office when the package was opened. The building was evacuated for two hours. Where police investigated. The agent was not heard but was examined in a hospital as a precaution just to be on the safe side. And it's a rental. So a little powder. In bubbles office yesterday. Maybe it was kind of like a piece offering from my. His success. Oh, he was some of those leftovers from several years ago. Could be. Although we don't want to hear about that because what he did 30 years ago is not important whether carry through those metals over the fence or not. Well, that's very, very important indicates he's just unfit to serve. I got a very, very scary column here from the village voice. We're coming to read. John Kerry must go. I'll get to it. First, era America loses two top executives. Oh my God. Things are not looking too awfully good. Let's take up a collection in case the goddess has to come back to town and take a man had an apartment. era America loses two top executives. Mark Walsh former AOL executive and Democratic National Committee operative. One out to the launch of the network. An honest this week he has stepped down as the network CEO. The network also confirmed that Dave Logan, a member of his vice president for operations and programming has been replaced. According to Chicago trip. Liz Winston co-host of the mid-morning show on filtered as taking over as they had a programming. The American chief council David Goodfran is acting as the chief operating of the CEO. Oh, oh. Chairman Evan Coants of the departures were just part of the normal growing pains of a start-up. Businesses have an evolutionary presidency told a trip. If you're looking for a shake up at era America radio, that's a creation in your own mind. Right. Are they on an LA? No. Are they on? I don't know. Did they ever get on back on in Chicago? I guess they did. They got to find a new station by April 30th, which is Friday. So starting next week they got to be on a new station both in LA and in Chicago. They got service man and we can call him just growing pains. Do you believe that? No. They got problems. Line 9's going to give us a name. I'll bet QA and hello. Ricky Ricardo is too Cuban. Ricky Ricardo is too Cuban. We want to put Desiana on our he was. We could put a money Lucy. And like an intentional stereotype. How do you know that? I don't know what they played that up on Lucy. Lucy. Lucy. But why? He was no build a tech. That's who. Well, the we did yell a lot. He did talk out loud. 10 12 at 5 60 QA. 5 at a local. 6 is 5 60. 3 years old yours. Oh, oh, oh, oh. QA. For you, drugs packin. What are you really rather have a few bad? Okay, don't get 15 on you. Okay, but yeah, I'm 15 on you. I'm five at a local. As a father. Massive really would rather have a Cuban do it with all new Cuban engineering that converts a boat of a car and zoo about a ride on shore of joyously in a real jiu-kino with tail fins high enough to sell you across the lanes and into their sea. As if it floats. When you really rather have a few bad. A Cuban, 15 on you. Now that you're 59, you're ready. A part that always was a part. There's no movie. 10 17 at 5 60 WQM happy Wednesday two year. Look at the way that Josh has spelled. Does he aren't as it's enough to make a grown man even a small child cry? I was talking about that. I knew that that that's how it came up. The I. The E.C.I. Oh my god. It's an A.R.N.E.Z. Well, this is spelled in both wrong. Anyway, at least change the first one. The E.S.I. See, remember it was like, I'm sure you've seen I love Lucy. The reruns. You must have seen it. Yeah. Right? Yeah. And if the end is a dizzy loop production, how do they spell that? How many Z's are in this one? The last time he saw one of those. Oh, it was. And there was five Z's. He was five years old. Five years old. I see. Carrie Warr has gone success as a singer model in actress. A Ford model at the age of 13. She was cast in her first feature film, Fire with Fire when she was 17. In 1988, she appeared on MTV as a VJ host of the popular mock queshober remote control in between her many TV and film roles. She attended NYU's drama department study with the famed actress teacher, Uda Hagan. Who'd have thought it? Who'd have heard it? Hmm. After moving to LA, she landed principal roles on the Fuck Networks class in 1986. The ever popular Beverly Hills 9021. Oh, and sliders. Besides fiction adventures series, how much he played Maggie Beckett off his a gerio conno. She was seen in the thriller and a conno opposite John Boyd, Eric Stoldson, her Lopez, Ice Cube, and in Phoenix, starring with Ray Leodon and Jelika Houston. Among her numerous feature film credits are, No global roles in Stephen King's thinner and the crossing girl starring Jack Nicholson and Angelica Houston. She recently completed production and independent films The Medicine Show and do with Barack Obama and we'd like to watch. Well, there he goes. So there she is. Carrie Warner is behind a beat of curtain today. Really great news is that got my full test results here from Hollywood Diagnostic Center. Yeah, and it said you're still alive. It says, in fact, if you look good on the outside is you run inside, you'd be in good shape. Hey, we can't all look good on the outside. As a matter of fact, when you get to be this age, because it really doesn't make them a different setting, or anyway, you're just real happy to look good on the inside. I should probably read this whole thing about the total body scanning proceeds from the skull base through the level of the pubic synthesis. Can we say pubic synthesis? Oh, so I'm not reading it. Let me know when you're going to read that whole thing. Okay. 567560, pound 560 on the AT&T of rise in wireless line. Iliana Ross Layton and Alex Penelis. It looks like I got a couple of good pair on there to start with. You know, who else we need to put on there? I mean, he'll be like, not sooner. So Rick Sanchez. Oh, yeah. He's a possible winner of two polls just a few days on his show. Few of his can make that claim except only one that I can take out. Absolutely. And all man. Tell the EQA in hello. Yeah, it's a good morning for your board. Yes, I'm on his latest. Mars, we see. That's enough. I hope you don't have it yet. And okay, thank you. I was to came your lead us. Well, no, he's going to send another one. Yeah. Okay, what? Well, one. See, which of these people best fits the description to Cuban, which we allow you one of peace, whichever one you think is the most to Cuban. There are many, many people. I'm sure we think are to Cuban just like the one to Jewish and to gay and to black, which we'll do later on and to, uh, whatever. I think these four cover pretty well on you. Yeah. Now, they're over going to. If we were going to do a poll on who do you spies the most, what's offload of well-known person? You hate the most. Moan Rich Sanchez. I think we've done that many times in a pass because they like to unleash their hatred. You know, it's always OJ and Moan. OJ and Moan, not Rich Sanchez? No. Oh, I think you're making a mistake. We might have to do that later on this week. I'm sure maybe tomorrow. Do you want to be a QAM? Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Does Sam? Sounds like me. Hey, how are you today? Pretty good. I'm standing. I'm just calling about that awesome lighting game last night. Did you want it? It was a great game over time, man. They tied it up with 16 seconds left in Ilekabadiay and then Freddy O.D. in the X-LEE factor scores the winning goal a minute and someone to overtime. You know what? I think they're for real. They are for real and even better news is Calgary beat Detroit and the late game through the two last night. So, somebody's going to be right. Yeah. Yeah. Detroit's got a lot of old players in Detroit. That's right. The very physical team. They're going to knock the crap out of the old teams are going to fall by the way. So I'd include my beloved Toronto make believes. I think are. So the old guys, you know, they're done. How about Tampa Bay and Calgary in the Cupflail? Can you imagine a ratings for that? Well, that was a great day. Thanks a lot, Caly. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon. I'm sure we had how many people in this audience watched Tampa Bay, my troll last night. I'm through to man. How many fans, baby? They're into it deeply. Make no mistake, I'm through to. When do you think? Huh? I have to play some Leafs TV. There's Jim, what's his name? Papin. All the same. I can't have the name. Jim, Papin. Actually, don't be tapping now because Duffel, come right now. What's that sound? What's that sound like? Yeah. It's great. It's great. Thank you. You're sir. How about Gloria Stepa or her husband? I can't find her. Gloria is an excellent. But forget about him. He's small potatoes. Gloria is perfect choice. Thank you. Thank you so much. And, uh, I'm sorry. There's a lot of it. Oh, Lord. Oh, yeah. Gloria Stepa, she can't sing. She's annoying. And she just won't go away. It's one of those kind of people. She just refuses to leave the scene. Kind of like Ellis Ruben. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. No, seriously. Just keep hanging around, hanging around, hanging around. Hey, Ellis, we know you got a lot of publicity and go have a good life. Get out of our face. WCWM. Hello. Hey, how long many deas? Perfecto. Do Kubano man. Mochis Gracia's a me girl. You got it, what? Are we good or two? Oh, sorry. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. This article here. I don't know. And there's another one by Max Castro. I don't want to sit here read a lot of bedtime. So, especially not the Josh's back miss falling a lot of names. But the one by Max Castro from back March 15 in progress a weekly. And I think the person who sent this to me from I'm ahead of Sidneyer. And I never got around to reading it. I think today would be a propitious time. Not the whole thing. It's too dang long. But just enough of it. I mean, it's pretty long. You know? No, I don't know. It's called Israel and the State of Democracy in Miami. Another tremendous shot at the Harold. By Max Castro is columnist and carried by the Harold any more you'll notice. Who exposes them for the pandlers and the fakers. They are. Boy, do we hate the Harold on this show? Oh, what? Huh? The spy. And the Sun sent us as the piece of crap. You know, they are what they are. But the Harold goes the extra nine yards to be a real pandering piece of turd. By the way, Glenn Garvin, nice job on a radio censorship and EFCC. Nice job lately, man. You're really on top of it. He's got some crap tough piece about some piece on a PBS tonight about the who knows what I don't know. That's his article today. Glenn Garvin, man, you are so out of touch. You fit in perfect with that newspaper. God forbid that anybody who's supposed to be like the radio TV person for either newspaper. The newspaper really writes regularly about radio. At least, Jick has written a few columns. I've turned him in. I bought all the censorship stuff. Although I know this, he's back in, he's revered a deform. WDQA and hello. Hello. Yes, sir. On the pole? Yes. Elliot Rodriguez. Elliot Rodriguez. On the channel for News, which I despised like poison. Very good choice. Thank you. Yeah, what he gives us is always to John this eyes. You know what I mean? Yellow. All Elliot Rodriguez. That's one of the reasons that a lot of people despised Channel for News is because they know there's no objectivity. And back during the Alienito days, when Rick Sanchez was actually on the ear, making phone calls to the cell phone in that car. Do you guys necessarily you talk about number one being interfering. Number two having no credibility whatsoever. I mean, being so emotionally racked up in a whole thing that he's making editorial comments on the ear, as he's going along and trying to call him, Oh, turn around and go back to me. He's been canceled, which sure not to be bogus. Bad information. And luckily, they were either one answer to the cell phone, or there were busy ordering happy meals for Alienito for when he got to Sister Jean the Dancing Machine's palace. Wow. What a, what a sad state of affairs. You know, cell phone has got so much potential beautiful beaches, beautiful palm trees, the ocean, all of these things, you know. All of these things. Right. Man, if we could just arrange a people trans, but it would be dang pleasant. And, you know, I mean, there is a strong advice. July and August, when we could live without it. A little bit too hot in human mosquitoes, a size of bowling balls, but other than that, it could be fabulous if you'd be able to hear that rather fair expression paradise. It could be paradise. Absolutely. Without him, which of these people best fits the description of two Cuban, Ilyana Ross Latenin Scott. But third man, Alex Penelas 15, Desi Arnez, Odev's Bowie's Closer, sick of a six, Maris Grecia's four, Ramon's Salle Sanchez three, Rick Sanchez three, Gloria Stefan one, and many of these guys are going to move up later soon. I'm sorry. I'm just gonna move up later soon. I'm just gonna move up later soon. I'm just gonna move up later soon. I'm just gonna move up later soon. Oh, Pan 31, how could we have gone as long and not head him on there already? I thought of him. How about she's on her right now, though? So, Cahoyo, I can't wait to see how Josh spells that. And now Eric emails me with kind of a caustic note here about how he changes the picture in the, of behind the being a critten 9-30 every morning. Okay. A little shot there. I'm almost positive that was not the same picture of E-Mond that we had on the yesterday. I don't know. It was a different one. I can be wrong about that. I'm pretty sure. By the way, Desi Arnaz is spelled correctly in the poll, so I don't know. It is now. What do you think? What do you think? What you were talking about is what I was going to say. When you said he almost has it spelled right before the break? Oh, I don't know. Okay. All I know is that there is no Z and Z-Loo. And anyway, now see, in the right, you're assuming off course there. And by the way, it's not 9-30 every morning or it's more like 9-45. Not that it makes any difference, but let's get it right. Okay. If you want to nitpick and start a big song today, and some of the pictures behind it, you do a wonderful job, Eric, just calm down a little bit. Some of those really good breakfast reedos would cheese are very, very good for it. That does not get stabilizes blood sugar. The ones from Burger King. What do they call those? I from Burger King? Some. Yeah. No, no, no, no, they're breakfast. I'll take that. That's only good thing they have. What the hell do they call those? Is there, uh, all the, uh, cross sandwiches? I thought that was a duck and doughnuts. No, it's a cross sandwich. It has bacon, cheese, and you, of course, they're not the egg. Ooh, bacon and cheese. Right, they have a cross. That's the only thing in the world that we want to Burger King is a cross sandwich with the bacon, cheese, tongue, uh, hold the egg. Because that thing don't even, it's never even new in egg. Much less resembled one. Move on.org. I give out a check this out. May 8th, hundreds of grassroots groups in tens of thousands of us will join forces in the biggest one day voter mobilization effort in American history says my email. To get the will contact over a million voters in register over 250,000 folks to vote, we'll also prove to Republicans an immediate that while president Bush may have more money, we have the power, the people power to win. This ever builds on the more than 7 million hours move on members pledged in 50 for the future fundraising campaign and it goes on to tell what you can do and what it's all about. And, uh, it's hit her and so on. Move on.org. When it does, check it out. Please. John Kerry must go. Note to Democrats, it's not too late to draft someone anyone else's James Ridgeway. It's on our website. It was in a village voice. With the air gushing out of John Kerry's balloon, it may only be a matter of time until political and sad is a Washington-Face-the-dred reality that the junior senator from Massachusetts doesn't have what it takes to win and it's got to go. As arrogant and out of it is the Democratic political establishment is even these polls know the parties got to have someone to run against George Bush. They can't exactly expect the president to self-destruct into thin air. With growing issues over his wealth, which makes fellow political at Bush seem maturity case by comparison, the miasma over his metals and ribbons or ribbons and metals, his unspiring record the Senate, yes or nowhere, and wish he washy efforts to mimic Bill Clinton's triangulation gimmick relief, protractor factor, Kerry sinks day by day. The pros all know that the candidate who starts each morning by having to explain himself as a goner. What to do? Look for them biggies, whoever they are these days, to sit down with the rich and arrogant presumptive nominee and try to persuade him to take a hike. They can then return to businesses' usual resurrecting John Edwards who's still hanging around or staging an open convention in Boston or both. The things precedes they are, the Jim Bob Demo-Credit leaders are going to be very sorry they screwed how we're Dean is what it said. On a one hand you really don't want to read that. On the other hand you're saying, well, have I been saying that last few days? Yeah. That he's really leaving me really limp. But in any rate, just past that long for your information, 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line, which in these people best fits the description to Cuban. Not there, W.N. Hello. Yes, I want to have somebody to hear a poll now. Yes sir. They can deal with the light. I'm beautiful choice, anybody with that last name. Yes, definitely. And also remember, we have to ban the Bush brothers. Okay. Bye. See. We like to blues brothers. We just don't like to brush brothers, right? Right. Or Brooks brothers. We like to brush brothers too. And they're great likes, they're suits. In fact that's about the only kind of sudie likes. Lincoln Diaz Velard. That's what the hype and by the way, I'm sure you're worried that Jarster is a hype in a near. And stop between the Lincoln and the Diaz. Hey, listen, I'm just trying to like help him along. Here's not too familiar with this big stuff. Ballad the art. Let's see. Ilyana Ross, late in his gut 40. Alex Penelis 22. Maris Gracie S. Gonzalez 13. Vizzi Arnez. We have it spelled right down nine. Rick Sanchez 7. Gloria Stefan 6. Ramon Sol Sanchez 5. Now we get Rodriguez from Channel 4. We lose in news one. Many Diaz and Joe Carroyo out of 103 votes have none. They got the big so far. That's amazing. I was your Carroyo just went on there. And Lincoln Diaz Velard will be on their momentarily. I'm sure once. Once Josh figures out where the hype and goes. We're just to get. They're going to put several all through. Just just to be on the safe side. Not a bad idea. In fact, it's like us. We put a lot of like. That deep. It's not necessarily they belong here. Just to keep stuff calm down. How about you, you and hello. Yes sir. Are you doing pretty good? My vote was going to be for a billion of lost lately. But that you already had on it. I got one that won't make your poll. He's no celebrity. It's my brother's girlfriend. She's Cuban. She wouldn't have sex with him for like three weeks. You know why? Because the tarot guy. Guy older not to. Right. These feelings you can't believe how superstitious they are. They visit their break of the years and their. Which doctors. They get your pastries. Oh man. You better let them near your. Any of your personal items. They'll put a curse on you. Exactly. I think they already have. Okay. Thanks. How do you like that? Now what was the guy that somebody mentioned me yesterday? I don't remember. The psychic. Oh, come on. He goes. He was on the. Limp. Yeah. We took the second one. He was on some poll. I don't know. Speaker. Yeah. That was what was. Speaker. Yeah. I guess that includes anybody of black. Skin. Dark skin. I don't know what you mean. Well, I make it the. Different between the so called African Americans and like Jamaicans. And Haitian. And cetera. All these things. I thought the idea was to go through for the most professionally. Ethnic of whatever it is. Right. And then you must qualify. I see. Okay. Everybody like that. Thanks for clarifying that. Now we don't know anything. We'll probably hear from one. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. WQA. Yes, Neil. Yes, sir. What's put on the poll? Two thirds of the city of Miami. How do you spell that? With an M. Or just with as a. A.U. Yes. Yeah, we put the U in U S. Not U S.A. just U S. Us. Cubans is us. That's our new West. We're going to be opening right at the date. Broward line. Hey, listen, you can't keep running away, man. You can't keep running away. You got to stay right there in South Florida where you people are. Oh. Like that guy to airport. Or you like it up there in Toronto. I know Cubans. I should have said, yeah, you're right. Good point. And see, we'll look on his post then. WQA. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. You got to go. That's the way that definitely needs to be on your pole. I mean, this guy's a professional victim and for a millionaire. Then come off. Why right. Oh, they can say go. Jose can suck. Oh, good. And thank God we got him out of town. Sam. Thanks. Got him. Jose can say, oh, no. Just don't know that because it's a sports thing. As a given. I didn't have any idea. You didn't know that. We got a street name after him. I did count of you think anybody was not killed. Who's like, I mean, do we have like, I'm not talking about that. I'm talking about Hispanics. What Hispanics have we named streets? Bullmarards, avenues, all of these things after. Other than Cubans. Right. I don't think that Calgary 3D tried to Final Score. I don't think that's the way to go down Wingsman fast. All those funny Detroit fans and stuff. Oh, you're wrong, Neil. You're wrong. Yeah. Sure. It would no Steve Isamin from... Why? The Y-Man. I'm the I-Man. How's the Y-Man doing, by the way? She's still dead. 24, 11 at 5.60. W-U-M. Like I said, we're just waiting till 11.30 tomorrow morning. If you're expecting great aim at two or the day for a get-about. I'm the I-Man. This is for 20, 5.60. 2-way-AM. Frosted lightning, and I like scrubbing my smelly gorilla ass with soap made from jewels. And listening to the new, okay, I'm gonna use the hour. Get high and pull the roll! We know the hour is cute and so mean I-Vee. Who's gonna be with? When we don't get far away, we stand far feet. You and Francis, our top man's order will get angry. And we're too black-ping-trapping in the street. We know that you're the game-ping-rom of things of Ireland. But we're the most important people in our minds. And our... The way the game is... We're the... Canada! We're the... We're the... We, unite that fight for human causes. Undy with the news, cameras red flashing light. Actually, let's not be on our hands, let's not be on our hands... All the monsters on the dead, all of them are you, who's alone? At least as part of the... ...My everyday county line. You turned, 1046 and 560 WQAM. Which of these people best fits the description? Two Cuban. Which would be a great lead in that Max Castro thing I'll do it next time. It's long. Israel and the state of democracy in Miami. Max Castro is the best writer that they ever had. I think Carl Heissen had some good people over the years, but Max Castro was the greatest because he actually had a ball to tell the truth that the Harold ever had fired. You're right. WQAM, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Pretty good. I can't believe that nobody's done this yet. Christina, the Pacho host. Christina. Yeah. She's pretty Cuban man. And I got a no for you. Pretty her, yes. Yes. And I don't believe we are now. We leave on her nether. Leave on her nether. I love you Miami. And I was the disgusting. Of course, now he's out of time. Leave on her nether. Two Cuban. Got it? Got it. Got it. Okay. So far, I like this spelling on that one. I'll roll it later. We got like seven or eight hours. 69 votes for old alien. I wonder how desperate space is here when up. You even know that you're late in the day. Not personally, though. The Liana 71, Mirus Gracias 29, Alex Penelas 28, Ricky Tickey 16, I'm the little disappointed him. I thought he'd be zooming up the list. Vizgiarna is 14, Gloria Stepan 9, Ramon's total sense is 8. Joe Carrillo 4, just went on there. He'll start making a big move. You'll see. A big movement coming from Joe. Don't be near it. When happens. Link in the ass ballard spell correctly three. All right. Elliott Rodriguez 1, many D as one and Josec and Siko, he don't have any at 184. He's small potatoes now, out of sight, out of mind. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon, Marles line, WQA and hello. Anya? Yes sir. I don't know what station he's on, but the best Cuban taco, says Francisco, a Ruga. Oh yeah, Francisco, a Ruga. He's too Cuban for me, you're right. Thank you. Francis, go over it now, did we get Christine on there? Would I get our Skipper with that too fast? Francisco, a Ruga is the veteran of the show on him. What what time is he on? I don't know. He's a Cuban establishment bash her, which is what I know. I know that. He's a good guy. Right. He's somebody we like, so let's not put him on there. Maybe we won't do who's not Cuban enough. Right. Who's not Cuban enough? Who's not gay enough for the likes of him dead? Right. Like rock Hudson wouldn't have been gay enough, although the fact he looked pretty good, they would like them anyway, the professional queens. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, I'll speak to that kind of thing. Elton John says American Idol vote is racist. That's what she's saying. British Rockstar Elton John and guest judge this month on US Town Huts TV series American Idol said yesterday that he found the voting by the National Viewing Audits incredibly racist. John who were the wannabe pop stars perform as Sarah songs during an appearance on the Fox TV show, added his voice to a course of dissent that felt last week's shock exit of Black vocalist Jennifer Hudson considered one of the top talents among those Vine forever quoting contract. The three people I was really impressed with and they just happened to be Black young female singers. They all seemed to be landing in the bottom three said John, commenting on the telly in which the lowest vote getaways eliminated. They have great voices, she said. The fact that they're constantly in the bottom three and I don't want to set myself up here, but I find incredibly racist. Ms. John said a news conference for voting for Radio City Musical Concert back by an orchestra of students from London's Royal Academy of Music and the Judy Arts School of New York. The show often gets more than 20 million people voting. The other two singers grouped in the bottom three of the seven remaining American Idol finalist last week where Black Davis, Latoya London and Fantasia Burriy body. The results moved the show host Ryan Sequest remind viewers that the series was a talent hunt and not a popularity contest. America don't forget you have to vote for the talent secret 74 closing the show. You can't let talent like this slip through the cracks through the, sorry, Fox TV decline to comment, Black Koo and her Rubin stuttered one the top prize last year. But things are changing now a little bit. Looks like. So Ms. John has all been out of shape. Good thing though he's an acrobat. That's what he tells us. The 567.0.560. Pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. See I just say the lines to myself the ones I can't say anymore. And I get kind of like a sign. Yeah, I can kind of like a silent circle out of them. I can't say them on here. No, save our music side. No, WQA and hello. How about send that crew to my friend? See that crew is his excellent day. Which is Grasius? There he goes. Wow. See that crew is out of sight out of mind. He is going to, you'll see. Well, I don't know. Is she going to move up there? I'm feeling like losing. I'm dead now. Well, that's good. It's one more thing. One less thing to worry about. You know what? When we're going to find a get rid of that thing. Operation. Look for the QM van that a 567 anchors away at beach place in Fort Lauderdale. Stop by the wind and wheel for prizes. And we're just to win 300 scratch off tickets from the Florida lottery. Which is a major rip off by the way. It's at the Anchors Away Party for Air and Sea Show today at beach place. And a lot of reason without the newty crap, you know. Just give us a lump sum if we win 15 million. Give us the 15 million. No taxes like they do here in Canada. And just give us the lump sum and opposite newty crap. What a rip off that is. So I say, we're going to hang out of your money that you supposedly think you're getting. We'll give you like a little lump in the beginning. Somebody ought to give them a lump. Oh, just in. Godfair explosions are up there in Felucia. How many hours about three hours they're having? Just in. I'm seeing it. They're just relentless like it's breaking news. WQAM hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir. I got the jailbird mayor of Viola. Rao Martinez. Rao Martinez. Good one. Yeah, okay. Happy to see you too. You too, amigo. Rao Martinez. See, I'm having to pause there because you got a Rao. Sanchez and Rao Martinez and Elliot Gonzalez. And. And there's. And there's. Richie has Gonzalez. Lazar. Gonzalez. Oh, wow. I thought Gonzalez was like more of a Mexican name than Cuban. My wrong. I know you're not. Good. It is. You're correct. Like Martin. It's still big. Martinez. Right. I mean, we're all Martinez happens to be Cuban. But Martinez 90. I would say 95% of the time would be Mexican. I think you might be right. And when what would be like a recon name, what are Puerto Ricans? They're not on those smart ass coming from you. You Puerto Ricans bashing. Sanchez is. Sanchez is. Recon. I'm at a lot of recon. Don't tell me. Ricky. Tiki. Sanchez is Puerto. We know better than that. But which cause he. Oh, like I wish Bob Cunston were straight. Yeah. I mean, can we get rid of some of these people? I mean, but I've got to get rid of some of these people. I've got to get rid of some of these people. I'm like, six, seven, five, sixty. Pont, like a freaky Carlos out there at the front desk. Oh, what's the category for that? We can't say it. It's WQAM. Hello. I'm a good boy. You're a good boy. Yes, sir. Well, this is Anthony. I want to have a name for your. Your. Lay it on a Anthony. Okay. It's my wife put a little. You're the on the boy to float it over and also. I've got to. From my advice series. Okay. Thanks, pal. All right. Now, what do you. Ali, I'm good. Zalas is too Cuban. Now, what are you are growing about the other. I'm going to throw some character from some TV show. Oh, no. Where are you about that? We're not going to put that on. I just realized, why do you take these things so to hard? I am. Yes. I was like a movie. You saw like you were going to throw. You right. You could comment. Oh, I don't know. I was a good guy. He would. Well, he meant one. Now he feels bad because you're. He said it. Okay. To me. He sounded like he never stole a freight train. And you know, you're starting to sound like Eric. Now, man. Oh, you can hang it around with him too. Whoa, gee. I put seeds of picture in 1930 in the morning every day. I do every day. Hello. Where's my croissant, which would cheese? Man, this two emotional. But just be more calm like me. Okay. Yeah. Just calm down. A little more level headed like me. Not even, not an emotional basketball case. Ah. But you people. Anything over all of these years. These 500 years have been sweating over this smelly microphone. I'm going to just a live solace frown. That's a one good thing about having this studio is nobody else is sitting here. What are germs all over this mic? You can get that extra toothbrush and brush the microphone. Oh, yeah. Thanks to George and to a Josh who teamed up to get me by hooker by Crook. My two radius two horses up. Why are they? Four different people to get. Right. That's because QM is too much of a bunch of cheap bastards to pay for the FedEx to send it up here. Man, oh, man, you people. Wow. Why can you start seeing his expense? To get's coming in. I could have a blue drum. I just got to change the drum. It's coming today from office depot. Wait, did you see that's going to be 300 bucks Canadian. It's about 210 to 120 plus the GST and PST and all this other crap flight of the radius to the right. The flight of the radius and I got a pair. How do you like that? So stick that in your pipe and eat it in accounting there at the Beesley Broadcasting. You cheap bastards you. Why in local? You're sports video 560. You a. Only in the banana republic baby. Only in Miami. Get away and feel the release. Smell the fresh sea. Take in the unparalleled experience of Cuban ranting on big laddic. It's like a vacation away from your troubles. Your life back home. You're the skipper on a journey to a better place. The only thing between you and your destination is forever nature has planned for you that day. Unpredictable. Breath taking. Life threatening. Cuban ranting on big laddic. Will your way is something better. Will faster. No faster. You're having the sharks gunner on much faster than it. Bro dammit. Pay for him brother you wish navy. Okay, I forgot to do the spop before the break because you got me so uptip into a frenzy about something which I forgot already. Yeah, well done. Let's face you to be hearing me talk about fast rain for a long time. Now probably wondering every now and then if it makes sense for you. Well, the fact is simple. If you have the dedication fast rain can provide you with an esoteric training and help you achieve your new high pain computer career and the best part of the deal is they can do it in just four short months by the end of the summer. In just a short time, you can be on your way to a big high pain career. Fast rain's got day night and weekend classes financial assistance for people who qualify. Once you complete your classes fast rain can even assist you when obtaining a new computer job. They'll help you out. It's really that easy. So pick up that phone and call them today and get yourself started. Get out of that rut that your life is in right now called fast rain toll free. One, eight six six fast train and with seven locations in Florida. There's got to be one nearby either in Miami, Kendall, Floridadale and Pemper Pines. So check them on the web if you like it fast rain.com and then make that call it can really change your life. Call one, eight six six fast train. Got it? You got it. Got it. Okay, so far, which of these people best fit the description of two Cuban. We did yesterday two Jewish, two gay and our two and two Cuban and the last two hours two black. As in professionally killing the blind. Right. Indiana Horos late. He's got 86. She's got it. Merry Screase as Gonzalez though 37. Alex Penelis 36. Ricky Tickey Sanchez 20. He's moving up slowly. He's creeping up. Just kind of lucky did in that guy from the stadium. Creepin a very slowly and about a big. Because he earned his 15. Gloria Stepon 13. Ramon Salal Sanchez 13. Who's two Cuban. Lincoln Diaz, Black 7. Dr. Carroyo only six. Start you surprised by that? No. Why not? He's got a he's a small table. That's step competition. Jose Concego 4. Sile Cruz 3. Elgit Rodriguez is got one. Christina 1. Leave on her hand is one. Mani Diaz has got one. He's got one. It's some credit. It's a 53 dollar bill. Raoul Martinez 1. Little alien 8 to what a 246 has got only one. Why do we want to pick on poor little alien as if he's got a choice? Right poor little alien. We don't want to pick on him. He was just upon. He was just upon an ugly chess game. Oh my goodness. This is the worst thing ever happened in Miami. Yeah. Right. W to W to Q a M. Hello. Good morning sir. Yes sir. How about from from Radio Manini and full aromando finish roda? Is he an entail? Oh. Oh. Aromando finish roda. He's their director. RODA. I would assume so. Probably like the TV show. Broda he was probably a handsome. Okay. Thanks a lot amigo. Hi. Watch your ass. Okay. Armando. What is it? A roda? I forgot it all. A roda. I remember there was a bad TV show too. I could have made the polio that day the worst TV show of all time. A roda. This match's cancer thing. I'm like squeezing it. I'm so anxious to read it. But it was a good start. It will blow. Now once I get started it will blow off the whole audience. Because it's long and ponders. And I don't want to like do all this reading. Because it's like a terminal and ponders. Could play in the yellow coming. Bitching and moning. What? Now we don't want those sound effects. W to Q a M. Hello. Hi. Hi. Pretty good. Call off. I'm speaking to him. Okay. We're going to call him. You're going to call him. You're kind of thinking with Walter McCartow. The Gansby TV. Walter Mercado. That's the lady. I mean, yeah. Yeah. Thanks. We don't. All right. Cool enough. See. Walter Mercado. That's the. The hebgv. Yeah. Chris. He got a crystal ball. 567. 560 pound. 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. So many Cubans and so little time only two hours for this. But then we're spreading around. At least nobody could blame up as a. Also picking on anybody specific. I've always said, we'll pick on all of them. We have to do a religious one too. You know, we have to show many. Yeah. For the weekend for Friday. Yeah. But how would you. How would you. What would it be the biggest religious for that? I see. Well, we'll put that on the table at our next program. Me meeting. I think Doug school. When I have my next programming meeting with myself. W Q a M. Hello. Yeah. Yes, sir. How about says a Romero. So gotta pay the joke in Batman. Just a Romero. That's not a bad choice. And the guy that just called. What the McDonald's photo week and a Cuban. Is he really? What the McDonald's photo week and a Cuban. Are you sure? Yeah. Okay. Thanks. Thanks for many more on Gersk. We don't want to put no Reekings on us. George, you're really hyperventilating about that. A lot of this can we get. About the media people on TV. Do we already put him on there? Walk him or caro? Yeah. We did not. Well, Ersten has to take your talk. It's your teeth again, Mr. I'm telling you that right now. You're talking to Mr. He's here. He wants to say yes. You hear that? Yes. That's a style. Man, it's his style. What a. It's his stick. Anyway. Well, they didn't drop on mine yet. But they will have a hero. They will have a hero. And so does he finishes his third. Breakfast goes sandwich. What do he raise God? And before anybody calls up Don Francisco. Remember he said like a Chilean Jew. You see, he's not Cuban at all. Did he die? Don Francisco? From San Salvador, Gigante. Oh, thanks, though. I'll be damned. Five. I would have sworn something happened with him. He's talking about him not that long ago. Don Francesco. I thought he was giving protection for a freighter after in a west coast in Vegas. The five six seven. Five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line. In fact, I think what we're going to do is just play the whole. To 11 30 tomorrow morning on a whole station. Just play the audio from the gunfire. Don't ever take sides with anyone against the family again. Don't cut. Ever. Back. WQA of hello. QA of hello. Hold on. Hello? Yes sir. Oh, Gloria, that's the fine. I think she might be on there. Thank you. And by the way, we could put her husband on there at the bottom, but we won't. Don't say boat when you're talking about glory. Hit a little problem there. Yeah. How that all work out. I don't want to know. It's a rhetorical question. WQA of hello. Oh, no. Oh, no. Yes sir. Hey, welcome. I call it Puerto Rican. But anyway, I got one for you. Oh, car. Andy Garcia, who's busy at parade not there and put on a dog and pony show in front of the mirror's greasy as sounds. Thanks so much. I have to have you got anywhere. Vincent. Vincent from Godfather 3 Andy Garcia. He's a he ain't no thing. You know what I mean? He's just he's okay. But adequate. Overrated actor. Name me a movie in which he was great. Which it was great. Name which he was outstanding. Yeah, touchables. Was he? Go and say outstanding. I saw the untouchable. I didn't think he was outstanding. I thought we were outstanding outside the door there for while. Stand in the train station. He's fine. He ain't great. No, he's not. He's not. I'm not knocking him just because he was there. Yes, I am. No, he lost all credibility with me when it came in here. I mean, talk about grand standing. When did we ever see Andy Garcia doing anything in South Florida with other Cubans or with anglos or anybody? They made him an offering couldn't refuse. I see. There you go. He had to be supposed to stay close to Michael. Five six seven. Five sixty. Love somebody else. I mean, that was, uh, of course, with a shnaz like that. The fact that they actually resurrected her and she did this. What does she get the awards for? She wrote directing your writing. I mean, she just leaves me limp. Come on. So, fear. Copeland. My hand's directing. Was it directing? Yeah, got the direct part right. How about a QM? Hello. Yeah. Is Ricardo Montabon, Cuban? No. That's a good question. No, I think he's a standier. All right. And then what's your, you got to watch your tongue too. You said, uh, stiff competition. No, that's right. Good point. All right. And you also said that, um, uh, John Kerry's limp. Uh, okay. Well, the market was down for duct to get off the tape. I'll guess, definitely do anyway. Get off the tape. Okay. Start marketing those down. Go. Get off this Instagram. Right. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Well, he gave us a little gentle prodding this morning. You know, he's getting a little nervous, which is so unusual for him. A little bit nervous now. There he's hearing things on the station. They're like, tip toe and around the tulips. In fact, we even had that on the pool the other day. Tip toe through the tulips. Maybe it was a simple little thing that happened to us. What's not followed? There's when somebody called in the name of that song. We just decided, well, maybe we'll start tip toe and a little bit too. We'll start dancing right along the edge. Better back off, man. Back away from that edge. We're going to send you right to the ledge. Oh, guess what? The fight for a raccoon is going on. Really? Do you know that? No. I thought this should have accomplished. Now we're looking at the job. The Holy City. I mean, you got a bunch of crazy religious people over there who have no idea what democracy is all about. I mean, you don't want it anyway. I don't want it. We're going to force it on your ass whether you want it or not. How do you like that? Talk about an offer you can't refuse. We got to make. We got to make it look good. Somehow why we're there. And of course, keeping in mind that none of this had anything to do, I was supposed to be there in the first place, but don't confuse us with the facts. Because even at the wooden bomb, Woodward says, oh, well, he's so concerned about freedom for people. Well, we're going to get freedom back in the US. That's what a lot of us are waiting to say, huh? Freedom back in the USA. Yeah. WDQAM, hello. Yeah, me. Yesterday you had a poll out and I wanted to make a correction real quick and then add them to this poll. We made a mistake. There was a mistake yesterday. Oh, no. Oh, my God. Yesterday some poll called in your show and put Wayne icing on as a chew. No, no, no, no. We didn't put it on there. He never made the list. Oh, he didn't put him on. He's a Cuban Catholic. Everybody that's a Cuban. Wayne has a Cuban. Okay. That was funny. There was funny. Oh, he thought so. Oh, my. I'm going to put on the inside. I see. Well, we're just a puke on the outside. I like that. That was pathetic. And he's screaming. Scream. He's a Cuban Catholic. We're the one who lives in his life. And a Cuban's the one. He either okay. Palsra. Forget about that. Catholic part is right. He's a cue ball. Not a cue bed. And I'll tell you what else. Joe Robbie. There was a professional Catholic for you. All the least he has sprung the money for the stadium. Add a cue built it. The stadium that Wayne stole. I mean, but WQAM. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah. I'm going to couple of people to put on the living. Yes, couple. I mean, I might have to do more on one. Well, I will see what the first one is. Uh, Vaughan and his. Vaughan. Vaughan. Vaughan is a. The. The. The. The. Vaughan is Cuban. Yeah. You can. The. The. Vaughan. The. The. The. The. Well, maybe he thinks he's too Cuban. No, he's just to be making a list of people are Cuban. That's all he's open up the phone book and see anybody whose name ends in Zia's probably Cuban will be busy. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Just get the day. I'll be book 30 pages of Rodriguez as a load. Right. How many. But. Hey, man. Let me read your rights. My bad because I'm not reading that question. Which of these people best? I think you're right. All they want to do is make a list. Whatever, here's a list of gay people. Just a few of you, just a list of our Catholics. Here's a list of them are. and then we get to the black thing we're gonna like everybody named Johnson okay and we're with a with a nice tan no name of oh my god oh hally very she's too black not really not really which of these people best fit to the description two cuban bomb villa ain't too cuban infected he wouldn't have told us just like with the Anderson thing right Anderson is too gay based on what so i think to make things easier in lots of work as we have a lot of simple minded people soft for what especially in the audience what we're gonna just do is do what you say just name a bunch of cubans you know right how many cubans can you name right how many dead people can you name how many great actors can you name how many yeah i got a few for you let's see it's almost it's coming up on 1130 realizes almost the 24 hour demarcation one before the big moment coming tomorrow you're with the new team around one the gilligan's own father of illie meets with his attorney in preparation to take his son back to cuba well mr. ganzales how was your trip good guys how funny you have any questions before we go any further cc cc this box with the pictures it's incredible what is this oh that's a television oh tell me uh mr. oil what does why that mean apart on me why well it means what's up like what's going on why uh right it's a greeting why uh now i know that you're uncomfortable being here this is a very difficult time for you too um what is it oh this pizza hot stop cross pizza he's incredible how did they get the mozzarella cheese into the crust uh i'm not sure so as i was saying yeah as i was saying we will try to make your stay here as comfortable as possible and get your home as quickly as possible you're going somewhere sir no i'm listening to the new CD by the boy band in sync with my new Sony disc man he's incredible yes mr. ganzales they are quite incredible but we'll be meeting with the just another play and you're doing the two you must say me but hey boy bye bye oh god sir don't you want to get this over and get back to Cuba what do you love all i love it here there's like 300 channels on table and i can watch all the Yankee games what sir mr. oil yeah but is it mr. ganzales why's that you don't want to get wondering what age since this is kind of like an ethnic custom i guess and why is the audio well as prohibited from checking out aliens packing oh which of these people best fits the description of two Cuban i bet you didn't know that did you know i didn't give me my grandma's dead early on a roast latin in 103 mr. squishy as ganzales 52 Alex Penelis 39 Rick Sanchez 26 glory as Stefan 21 this year as Lucy 16 Ramon solace's 14 leaking the s ballard 10 Joe caroyo 9 very surprising to me see the crew 7 oh they can sick oh 7 a 6 5 4 3 2 oh Jose's got 5 leave on Hernandez 3 Elliott Rodriguez 3 Rower Martinez 3 many DS one christina one alien ganzales one Armando Perez a roda one and any Garcia don't have any other 3 15 and water mucado is a Puerto Rico i know that no who we just found that out to be discovered something all day who says this is an a highly educational show water mucado she's a Reacon we'll do a few more of these but i want to read that max Castro thing he's Cuban WQM line 9 hello what's up Neil how you doing sir i got something for your poll this correct the most milking Cuban that has ever lived okay he makes George look like a piker Jorge mask a noza Jorge mask a noza alright okay he was gonna go on to a rant if i don't want what that man he's a little pissed off and fired up this guy who can blame him Jorge mask a noza maso menos is my question madam metals have a good one what do i say nice WQM hello i down for your Neil yes sir Maria conchita alonso she's a man yeah she's a lanzo how about how about Maria malanso okay thanks what do you know yeah what yeah i'm inside it was between the brothers i'm not i don't know what she you're talking about where you can see the laws that she's a marginal i curse i had to idea she was Cuban though but whatever well now you know and he's too Cuban for this guy maybe she's just too dank Cuban for this guy okay so they're like one of your people okay one of those Jewish 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T everybody's got the labels man we're probably a battalion of Jewish a fact i'm you know everybody's got the label of she i don't my uh so me yeah so label me oh brother i am so sick and then it's a one thing in a world if i could change one thing that would make the world like paradise that would be it eliminate airb label we wake up tomorrow morning and everybody is just a person just a guy a gala uh whatever they are that's that's it not a Christian not a Jew not a Muslim not a Buddhist of out of way uh hello uh to the uh dowi llama tello darling there's another one what what's that what can you tell me what that's all about seriously what what what is that it's like the pope thing it's another state of mind we're supposed to care and review your him and uh whatever based on what whatever i'll say this i like him better than the pope yeah well that's for a while you can name just about anybody i like him better than the pope i like Henry Himmelibre in the pope because at least he's dead i don't like you to be better than the pope no no in fact they're your right the pope is down to rick your scale a little bit a couple of notches never too we're coming out i don't know i don't think that would be a good poll who's number one unless what we know it was automatic w in the scrow yeah w qan hello good afternoon a good morning Neil good evening to you sir hi no good evening i'm the jackie drive to i'll be a fucking name of bob a hundred people in here how about jackie nests crawl jackie nests crawl is disgusting on channel six on NBC six where they screw over bob weaver real bad yeah well uh she uh she needs to go back to the van i have a great day i'll be delighted to pack a re-median oh two thank you and it guayabeta or yogi beta jackie nests crawl in the spra l she is nauseating she's another one it like uh was was uh network anchored not network something for while they're right NBC i don't know and what happens is after they proved beyond a shadow of a dotha that can't cut it then they shouldn't back to Miami rickie ticky sanches they saw through him it managed to be seen about the first five minutes he was hypervettlady sweating up the storm sore all their chairs and the he got shipped back and me shell gill and don't forget about that bitch you know i didn't got sent back me shell man me shell we just despise you honey don't take it personal how about here she'll be trucks what is it she's uncovering the south florida white slave or uh whatever slave slavery ring oh brother spik slavery ring whatever it is i couldn't she had been in like men that express in a Turkish prison yeah five six seven oh five eating Turkish taffy McCallum wqm hello Neil yes sir i think i might have the definitive one okay this could be the one we're looking for and here is the title of true Cuban which means can you be any more nauseating how about Jose basuto yeah he's pretty disgusting real pain in the oh yeah okay thank you asked Jose basuto you got a b a s u l t o basuto see all this old crap that goes on and never just changes we really they let and grammy's there y'all we're gonna do this we're gonna they're gonna be writing in the streets again we're gonna be uh brother how many times does my man have to show it's collective back home as to the world before finally somebody says and up at his craft already huh how many times does that have to have about thirty man yeah oh yeah oh no they can't come here and the thing i keep thinking about every time i see a picture that because they keep showing on these clips you know like an ms and bc from the past because they're living in a past uh the pope and fiddle that's one of their favorites oh yeah how come it is that anybody else whoever even uh shared a cigar or stogi sent him a uh plastic stogia or something or a chocolate the cigarette whatever their common Easter common Easter but El Papa see i twenty when he was down there what a dilemma created and they got no answer for that and since the pope went there they're wonderful glorious trip to quote the christian almond pool to from see in another phony baloney another state of mind bitch the quote her all the holy father this is gonna change things did anything change is there freedom and cue but all's cashier still in power is he stronger yeah we can just pray that he croaks before the weekend in fact maybe those guys on uh that El soul make up another story bottom again haha huh hey i mean for grand it's not much how that prank call they made it him did you see uh on the crawl i think it was on c and under one of those that they're in there yeah they're turning it into a thing no oh no i didn't see that it's written one they're asking their listeners to uh to send pennies in so that they can pay their fine in pennies oh no that's uh disgusting keep that a mindo for a leader on this year i'll write it baby twenty six after eleven is five sixty wm d lights at one of the forl stuff starts coming in d lights a west bokeh you know everybody in the brother is into a low carb diet of some sort of other it's just everywhere all the people are peddling low carb this low carb that but the lights a west bokeh provides you with the best products for the weight loss phase of that low carb diet if you're on the akin sugarbusters south beach any low carb sugar free diet this is the story of because it's the number one low carb store in america many of the new reduced car products on the store shelves are just geared toward cutting back a little on carbs not on you losing weight well forget about that relax the west bokeh's expertise has always been a continues to be on the weight loss phase of low carb dieting and if that were a thousand great tasty products in stock with a focus toward the lowest possible carbs that can fit perfectly with successful low carb weight loss plan the spring sail is in full swing right now as i speak so stop on by their staff knows low carb dieting inside and out the rope on every day seven days week ten to ten the lights a west bokeh around the northeast corner of blades in 441 right next to Boston market you can call him tool free at 1-877 low carb LOW W C-A-R-B run a web it's low carb dot com the lights a west bokeh is only one it's your official atkins retail center she was a community icon in a community that means that i got as far as i can tell she was the fantastic icon in uhama class students It's 11.5. If I were a guy who's a guy who's a new wife, I'd be a new wife. If I were a guy who's a new wife, I'd be a new wife. Two of you grew. Who's so so to lose for you? Available now, if they teach kids, you see the employer. It's 1131 at 5.60WQ. I'm certainly a max castor, right? It's here for a progressive weekly. Which I thought that was a spaghetti sauce, didn't you? It's in there. Israel, on the state of democracy, in my opinion, this is March 15. And I apologize for, but it's just long. Not gonna read the whole thing because it's very, very long, but what I'm gonna read is long, but I don't apologize because it's worthwhile. The pattern of pandering at the Miami-Herald is even deeper and broader than most of the paper's critics realize. But it comes to pandering to the most conservative sectors of key constituencies, marginalizing dissident voices and stifling debate with an editorial page. The Miami-Herald and El Del Wavo here will don't stop with Cuba, or even would let in America. Uh-huh. Increasingly, the same narrowing of the spectrum of opinion applies not only to Cuba, but also to commentary about other countries of Latin America, especially Venezuela. If the balance of political forces in Venezuela reflected the ratio of programment to anti-gapment articles in the opinion pages of El Del Wavo here, Cuba's Chavez would lose any election by nearly 100% of the vote. Miami-Herald and the Taurils, columns and commentaries, and Venezuela are nearly as one-sided as those in El Del Wavo here, all that almost as stride and as those on Cuba. Indeed, on Cuba, Venezuela and Latin American general, the editorial pages of Miami-Herald have been converging through the monolithic El Nguibo-Herald model. It's no wonder, before you assume the Herald post-Alberto-Avacuen was the publisher of El Nguibo-Herald. In a state that El Nguibo-Herald established new standards for pandering to the Cuban right, and is slowly when he published a special section on the occasion of the death of Cuban American National Foundation Chairman, Jorge Mascanosa, who had waged a merciless campaign against the Herald, and Eva Guendagins boss her publisher David Lawrence. Under Eva Guendagins' watch, El Nguibo-Herald also reached new heights of incompetence, and lack of accountability when a published a Sunday front page features story about a doctor that reportedly attended to Del Castro as Elena Coma, and Eva Ana Hospital, every assertion in the detail the counter not to be false, but the paper never investigated the hopes to apologise to readers. But no misty goes unremorted in the age of total corporate greed. Night-ritter, the Herald's parent company, which had just moved its headquarters Miami-Dessan Jose, California, to get away from the mading Cuban crowd, soon promoted Eva Guendagins. Not for his not-existent journalistic accomplishments, but because Eva Guendagins promised he could deliver a 22% profit annually even if he had to tear the guts out of the Herald's journalistic tradition, or make a pact with the city's right wing devils from the Cuban American National Foundation to the Alfa right wing radio personalities. By the time the federal raid to remove Eliana took place, Eva Guendagins had become the Miami Herald publisher, that was in control of both the Herald and El Nuevo Herald. He took advantage of the fact to wish you a special edition of El Nuevo Herald which had a line, shame, explanation point. But the Herald's bias in Perocule pandering doesn't stop with Latin America, when it comes to the Israel-Palestinian conflict, it's not just that the Herald publishers are plethora of pro-Israeli views to the virtual exclusion of pro-Palestinian perspectives. It's not even just the fact that the paper's regular off-ed contributors include Israeli columnist while Palestinian columnist don't appear in the paper, even as occasional guest columnist. It's also an especially the fact that the paper's opinion columns lead heavily toward the heart of the positions while almost in variable exclude and critical voices, the heart of line positions at this, critical voices in Israel and the American Jewish community. On all the points above, the Herald's editorial reacts to the assassination of Sheikh Ab Ab Ahsmaid Yasin, the spiritual leader of the Palestinian-Palestinian-Millison group Hamas by the Israeli military, is instructive, or rather the Herald's lack of reaction. The newspaper that probably publishes more commentary about Israel than any other daily in the U.S., failed to take editorial notice of a very major event. Silence can be more significant than words, would the Herald of Insan had this kind of extrudusion in judicial execution been carried out by any other state? The papers at a twirl pass reflects the maximum if you can't say anything good, don't say anything. And how could they say anything good? The elimination of Yasin was condemned by nearly everyone in the world including our best friends and allies such as the U.K.s Foreign Minister Jack Straw, even the Bush administration, which in the person of national security adviser Condoleezza Rice initially attempted to toirationalize the killing, was forced to backtrack after realizing death and breath of the world's revoltsion. The U.S. government, through a spokesman, eventually pronounced itself deeply disturbed a far milder reaction than that of other governments. A U.N. Security Council resolution condemning the killing obtained broad support but failed because of a U.S. veto. President Bush failed to offer even a token protest in deed instead he went ahead with plans to meet with Serona Washington April 14, and the U.K. Meanwhile, a Jewish member of Parliament, Mr. Kaufman, denounced the visit as giving a seal of approval to the Shoron's policy of indiscriminate killings of Palestinians. The Harold Silence on the Yasin killing topic is part for the course but it's also an abdication responsibility. In significant ways the U.S. is implicated in the rubbing out of the Hamas leader, the helicopter used to kill the U.S. in American Apache helicopter through military assistance, massive economic support and the diplomatic shield of the U.S. veto at the U.N., the United States enables these Shoron government to carry out its iron fist policy with total impunity. As to rack Ali is written a new book Bush in Babylon the recalmization of Iraq. By making aerial Shoron a co-leader in the war on terrorism the regime in Washington consciously blurt the distinction between national liberation and terror. The result has been catastrophic and now the day passes without an email from Israel and Palestine informing me of the latest atrocity he writes. Every Arab and Muslim in the world understands this connection and it's clear that resimbed over American compliance with Shoron's brutal policies could well cause enormous damage to the American people and US interest in the world. Let's make one thing clear, not withstanding the fact that Palestinians live under a humiliating occupation that makes every day their lives miserable. The numerous indiscriminate acts of terror and murder against Israeli civilians carried out by Palestinian extremists are a vulnerable morally and counterproductive politically as is the violent esemitism expressed by far too many in the Arab world. On the other hand even in the wake of the Asim killing and open letters signed by 60 leading Palestinian intellectuals rejected violence and called for non violence resistance to occupation. The plot is not to hold a contest of evil versus virtue putting Israelis against Palestinians the point is that however Republican the atrocities perpetrated by Hamas or Islamic Jihad American taxpayers are not paying for them and our government is not rationalizing or providing political cover for these horrific actions. Can the same be said we respect the morally Republican actions of the Shoron government in Israel? Tudu is pattern of petty padring the Miami-Herald is mum on all of these issues. What the paper did publish is a large number of letters all but one is in support of the assassination and a pathetic column by its regular contributor, Erie Dromy, directed the international outrage at the Israeli democracy Institute and which they objectifies the killing by an humiliating the reasons I didn't like Asim. Undoubtedly most people in the Arab and Muslim world would could list myriad reasons why they didn't like Shoron. Would this justify the Syrian or Iranian government's killing the Israeli Prime Minister would the fact that the killing could place as these Israeli leader left the synagogue merit special condemnation? The Dromy piece doesn't spare cliches not even the 72 virgins are left out and leaves no room for doubt or nuance. Dromy reduces the world wide out cry against the Asim killing to the notion that some people are just bashing Israel for killing him. Dromy's column reads like straight propaganda but then again what exactly is an international outreach coordinator. The Hurl's pandering here at Tain's A brazen level, the paper's main commentator on Israeli policy and issues is in Israeli propaganda. That's balance. The contrast could not be sharper between the narrow hacked view of the Asim killing your spread in the Hurl's single column on the topic and the wide range of views expressed in Israel, including sharp criticism in the press. Indeed even inside Shoron's cabinet there was a decenero posed the assassination. Israeli commentators have questioned the wisdom of the hit. It's political and economic repercussion that it's potential for escalating the violence to a higher level. Israeli analyst didn't shy away from posing the toughest questions and with a harshness seldom encountered in the US press easily intimidated by Spurius charges of anti-Semitism leveled by hard-line pro-Lakud sectors in the US and it goes on at like mass Castro. He's great. You go max. Yeah you go rip the hell in ass while the Ziravman. The panders. Man are they nauseating. I think I'm going to cancel my subscription to the Hurl. The only reason I've buy it is because you know I'm down there a few weeks a year. Yeah. I'm going to get a subscription just like in canceling. There. There you go. Everybody call out there. Get a subscription canceled tomorrow. It's up throwing the L-Herald on my front lawn. You. You. Aint holes? Yeah. I'm sure that's what you were going to say. I thought what I was thinking though. I'm sure it wasn't. You're probably thinking of like class holes something like that. Mass holes. Right. Spaz holes. Much of spaz holes that they're. I'll make a mistake about it. Twenty-till noon at five sixty. Nobody can't look for the QM fan five to seven anchors away at beach place in Fort Lauderdale this afternoon. Stop by the spin that vehicle for prizes and register to win the 300 scribe. That's the wheel. Register when that says to win 300. You get all 300 like one. I don't know. Register to win 300 scratch off tickets from the Fort Lauderdale. Get one. I don't know. It's the anchor is away party for the air and sea show today at beach place. Five to seven will be there this afternoon. I think where I was a couple of weeks ago today in fact it was on a Wednesday. One at yes or was. And that was in Hollywood. I was in Hollywood. Got my report in the mail. All by up here in Toronto they served a Senate certified mail and it's pretty good news. They said I'll say it again. They said if you look is good on the outside. As you do on the inside you'd be beautiful. Unfortunately though. But anyway. This is the good news. I had the total body scan. I had the heart scan. In fact they were shocked to fight a heart inside this age at old body. A lot of people in the audience would say he ain't got one. I had one and not only that. You mama. Because it's in pretty good shape. Nobody wants to think about having cancer heart disease any of the mirrored of diseases that the Lord influx upon us as we continue suffering through life. But nevertheless. It's a proven fact that disease responds extremely well. The treatment if you find it early. And that's the most important thing. If you have a history of heart disease or a cancer in your family. If you're like into that age like maybe 50, 60, whatever. And you haven't had the colonoscopy. All these other very important tests get with it. Because here's a way to do it non-invasively painlessly at the Hollywood Diagnostic Center. They're proud to announce their virtual colonoscopy. Which is so much less invasive than the traditional way. Coronary heart scoring and full body screening exams that can detect cancer other life-threatening diseases in their early stages. You don't even need a doctor's referral. All you need to do is call Hollywood Diagnostic Center. Making a appointment for the test. If there's nothing wrong, go out. You get tremendous peace of mind. Call 9-5-4-96-63600-954-966-3600-. And Hollywood Diagnostic Center. They offer state of the argument to get you equipped and open MRI. Hyde speak cat scan. Nuclear medicine. There's. All the. Hollywood Diagnostic Center's been serving South order for over 20 years. And there for so even provides a complete mobile diagnostic service that can come right to you if you need them. need him. Call Hollywood master syndrome, schedule an imaging exam today. Could be one of the most important calls you could ever make for your health for your life. Call 9 5 4 9 6 6 36 you can relax for three whole days. And for something the whole family will enjoy. Don't miss our next week. They can get striped against the mountain of white in head. Exactly. You know, the best thing I'm saying just before it went back to Cuba was. Which hook did I argue with that? 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. How about a QAM hello? Neil. Yes sir. Neil I got one. It's really chirino. And also I yes. My dad told him. She was born in Cuba. She left at early age. She grew up in the caracass Venezuela. And she was also a misrunner up in the mis Venezuela. The only two good moves she may were a mascot on the Hudson. What's that? She showed him. Yeah. She sure did. And also a terminator too. Right. Now as far as the Palestinian thing, the Clinton in 98 proposed with with a leader visceral and yes of airfot. They can have 98% of the land of both the Gaza strip and the West Bank and after yes of airfot studied, he said no, he's that interesting. So it's not how it happened. SG. No, I was going to love the schools. Nice to hear that. Okay. Don't leverage the school system. Then the went to replace, temperatures measuring and marrow distancing of I'm kind of arrested the story. I'm kind of like Paul Gerrard, you're arrested the story. He's a- He's a- He's a- He's a- He's a- He's a- He's a- He's a- He's a- He's a- He's a- He's a- He's a- He's a- He's a- He's a- He's a- He's a- He's a- He's a- He's a- He's a- He's a- He's a- He's a- He's a- He's a- He's a- He's a- Colorado, southwest re- Ha, utto gray under bisa in a dot aboard theured area island of l That's why the tower and that island of l That's why the tower and that island of the l He's probably over so much terror on the island Yeah cuz you're He's in the island but he wasn't surprised Re VII Because, Don't tell me youalthy I will all do respect is that Israel has the right to assassinate this guy, because you can have an organization, but the moment you put that organization into parrot and violence then has to be met with violence. You know the bottom line you are whether the modders or not. So, you're saying that this is going to go on forever, which it will until you know what the hell is. Well, the post-analyment well as long as you've got militant terrorists on both sides, both sides are run by it's going to go on forever. And let me ask you this. Why does it matter to us? Why do you care about it? Because the reason why I care so much about it is because the day that it can fix this problem it will be 2.5 billion dollars less than we can give to Israel. Why don't we just stop giving it now? Why? 2.8. Why don't we round it off the three bridges? That's what I call it all the time. Why don't we end that now? That the best way to solve the problem in the way is to have the power to be defined a real leader a person that is standing in the right position. And closing and having the Israelis do the same thing will be a real good idea too. Okay, I just got through a saying that I mean you tell what it was. This guy coming from, huh? He's a juvenile. I don't care what he is, but I'm what kind of crap is that. The max case your article was spot on is the Britswood. Right on target. I got the solution. I mean the Harold just go and walk away from there walk away from back from from from Iraq. That's his bag there, but all of it. Feluca, all of it. Nazareth Nazarena. Nazareth? His business. Just get that loud while we're still time to get it. But that ain't gonna happen because when you get yourself into a pickle and the public is stupid enough to sit back and watch it and see all these bodies coming back, it's these have all over again. Why I mean why I'm even a while I let him suck me into that. Okay, and get it with argument about the Middle East. Like I said before, it doesn't matter to us. Is there any oil in Israel? No, Palestine? No. No. If we really heard about democracy, we wouldn't be back in one of the most corrupt dictatorships in the whole world and that's the Saudis. Our bed fellows, the Saudis, which we've been doing for a long, long time. This ain't just the boasting, although the Bush family relationship with the Bin Laden, the Saudi World family certainly does raise some a lot of questions, which is not enough people are asking. Tell me the QA and the hello, not there. See that guy just, I was in a pretty good mood. I thought that was a good article by Max Castro. And the main thrust of it was not to open up the old argument again about the Israelis and the Palestinians and Yasser Arafat and Ariel Surron. But again about the Harold and the kind of pandering they do in the kind of ragged is, which he's right. It's a ragged that pandering. You won't get any news in the Harold. I'll just get his propaganda. Garbage. And then come election day. You can bet your life on it. Just like they went to a gym bush this last time. I got reelected governor. How that happened? I still am. My head is swimming from that. If that's what the people of Florida want, a governor who lies to them, who's overheard talking about, you know, every time Kerry makes some kind of a comment off like, oh my gosh, it's a big deal that he know the microphone was still on. And it's stuff about nothing like about what about you backstabbing dirty across the Republicans are a big deal. Like that's that's news. But here your governor makes a comment about, I've got some what was the word he used for his plans? Some devious plans? Some devious plans to take care of that class size amendment. On a problem, we love you, Javi last name is Bush. And we don't know that Dilma pride guy from a mushy public plus. You're right. He's going to raise all our taxes real bad. So we'll vote for you again, okay? And especially we want to thank you for helping to fix that election back in 2000 when most of us voted for Al Gore. How is this possible that these people are getting away with this crap unless, of course, just maybe those die-billed election machines were like the voting machines were all, you know, spit nuts among numbers there. How could this man possibly get reelected dog catcher? See this guy got me way, of course. Killed for time though. And a Harold always be a counter-accounted on to do the wrong thing. These are the same people long before the current regime was in there. The same people that gave you the propaganda with a metro rail. The multi-billion dollar boom-doggle, the train to nowhere, that almost none of you ever ride, how many times you ridden it? Oh, I would just got off it. Go to work. Yeah. Josh, how many times you made it on the metro rail? About 30? Yeah. None. Same numbers I win. None. But I'll tell you if you want to go out to Hailea and see what a tour of the third place has become. You can go out there and eat the hang out. Yeah. Or to shorties. You might get some good Bobby Q and head on to Shorty's. You can eat it all the way back. We must, the politicians must like Shorty so much. It's the only restaurant in the history of the human race that had a whole real system. Real system built just a transport people to their door. Man, I wish I could get a deal like that. Those ribs sure are good. Even Ronnie Regan said that it would have been cheaper to buy every driver in South Florida, a new Cadillac to build a metro rail. Even he said that. Yeah, what would my Cadillac? Yeah. I'll take a new elder rato and a new Duke and a new, how do you like that? That's back before all the Jews moved to Voka. But no, it had to be a Harold put it over on us. And then they got to go all the huts but to come back a few years later. And with a big traffic magazine front page story about the metro rail called White elephant. Man, oh man, they had no shame at all. They jam it down your throat. They lie like crazy. My god kind of crap is that two grotesque newspapers who do nothing for the community. That's what we got. Then they did the big exposity and the corruption to hear. For wars, there was a follow up. Where's the beef? What now? Last time I checked. Mayor of San Juan, I said. Alex Penelis was a filmmaker of the county. Last time I checked Mayor. Can you OK? Can't say. Yeah, I like to. No matter what, no matter how many greasy deals go on behind the scene. Including the one with his good buddy Mickey Eris and there with the grease ball arena. Pick it up. What a joke that is. We're going to get selected on a pledge that he's not going to make any sweet art deals with any rich owners to build any. Or he does not. The first thing he knows is that a closed door session would make he Eris and slugs the Mickey of the voters in the county. Psych. Yeah. Surprise. Or he's a Democrat, by the way. Oh yeah. He's an Democrat who did squat the rally going to hold it for George Bush. Some Democrat. What am I going to work to? That's what's here. If I said one call or spot that is really the apologist. Man, he's probably like wiping himself off of the sports section from the hero right now. I don't want to say it. I can't use your own imagination. 1156. Four minutes still known. I give it a five log just stalled around here. Is that a one putting more new names on here anyway? And by the way, pal, will we treat all my ass? Which of these people best? Pets a description of two Cuban? I said, Serenio, not Serupa. Illyanar, Ross late in 135. Marist, we see as Gonzalo 61. Alex, 10 Ellis 50. Excuse me. Rich Sanchez 37. Gloria Stephon 35. Viziarna is 19. Ramon, Salal Sanchez 18. Lincoln, D.S. Velard, rhymes with parts. 17. We can't play, but we can say it. See you, cruise 15. Jocca Royo 14. Leave on Hernandez. Love you Miami. 10. That's why he's gone. Illyan Gonzalo 7. Jose Conseco 70's gone. Ramon, Martinist 6. Maria Conceta, Alonso 4. Emil Marigas 3. Cristina Scott 2. Jose Masulto's got a pair. Jorge Masconosa 2. Many D.S. 1. Armando Perez Roda 1. Jackie Nesparla, Andy Garcia, have none other 44. Pretty good. Pretty good total there, huh? Call Halcio and she'll check the totals for us. Hey, I'll tell you where you're finding some nice totals. That's at Armstrong Toyota Homster. We're going to save you $1,000. Make you a deal like you ain't never seen. They're on US-1 just 20 minutes out of the 86. And Armstrong Toyota of what I say homster is worth the drive because they're going to save you so much cash on that new deal. Check out the great leestials waiting for you right now. An 0 for a highlander just 309 a month. An 0 for a camera 400 just 260 9 a month for 48 months. Need a truck? How about an 0 for Toyota to tendre? The safest truck in America just 170 9 a month for 48 months. These are just a few of the great deals waiting for you right now at Armstrong Toyota Homster. General manager David Rich and the staff there are pleasure to business with. They'll just about stand on their head to cut you with the oil and put your ass in the new Toyota today. So experience the Armstrong Toyota Homster difference locally owned and operated and they're committed to 100% customer satisfaction too. The service department is open late to late week nights to make sure they get all your service work done and it's easy to find them. They're right at the corner of US-1 and 293rd Street in prestigious homster. Just 20 minutes out of the 86 and they make it a deal right now like nobody anywhere. Armstrong Toyota Homster offers you free tires, free batteries and replacement parts for a lot of money. For the life of the vehicle, that's right. tires, batteries and free parts for life. Nobody does that. So forget about those mega car dealers and giants who make a big song dance and have the big ads going. Scream and yell them holler. Just get yourself a great deal to Armstrong Toyota Homster and talk to their GM David Rich. Call them right now for non-beatable deal at 305-24232-247-305-242-247. Don't forget tires, batteries and free parts for life. Armstrong Toyota Homster, Dravelable and save a lot on that great new Toyota today. We're supposed to be in 5-6 years. You a M. They call me Mr. Boots and I live isn't it? Who did we all to want an hour? What's going on? We're doing tonight. And crying minds, what's in there? That's why, and firing minds, read the Miami Hero. Is Maurice for a really having sex with an alien from outer space? It's in the house. The house is Paul Hawkins, the true mother of the elephant man. It's in the house. Is John Kennedy sleeping with Max Hibbring? It's in the house. Is Jim Baker about to get birth as Gary Paul Well, baby? It's in the house. Sex, sex, sex, more hot sex. Oh, it's in the house. Well, scary, heart amazing, right? Diet from Florida. A crossword puzzle that has no answer. Our own fuel is to prize is just for us. I'm pumped to love that, it's a Neil Rotterr. And we're so sorry Uncle Albert, but we haven't heard of bloody thing all day. Mindle, family, rhetoric. A power and the latest, it's love. So Miami Hero, available at supermarket checkout counters everywhere. And we're a fighter manure is spread. Yeah, you can smell it all the way up here. Yeah, we both should apologize to ourselves because we, well, at least I'm sorry. Because I promise myself, I'm never going to get any of those discussions again about the Middle East because it's a hopeless case. We shouldn't be there in the first place. We should just say, we're cutting off the spig and and the freeway. And no more money if you want to kill yourself a good time. That's that's it. That's my attitude. But I read the article not because I wanted to argue the is really a palacinian thing because of what is called journalism. And I read that term loosely in regard to the Harold. Regardless of what your position or feelings are on that issue if you have any. The point being that a responsible newspaper should have all viewpoints. Just like for example, Toronto star. Now, of course, there are a lot of Middle Eastern people of here in Toronto. And so naturally they get, you know, they would get really holy hell if they didn't. I don't think they need to be forced to global mail the Toronto star. You'll find articles on all sides of these issues every day. Every single day balanced. Is that what you're saying? How do you like that? Well, you won't find fair and balanced in the in the Toronto Sun or the. Well, what's the other one? National post to right wing ranks. Although nevertheless, you'll they have both columnist that they have the opposite point of view. They have to people wouldn't buy them. But of course, in South Florida, we've got four daily newspapers here. They have a choice in South Florida. If you live in day, you got the Harold. If you live in Brarty got the Sun Sentinel. If you live in Palm Beach, maybe you get the Sun Sentinel if you really disparate or Palm Beach post. Well, forget about that. Even the fish won't get wrapped in that. They jump right up. It's right. That was my point. And we've both got led down to Garden Path by this professional. Zionist apologists. Whatever is real does is right. You don't even know what he's talking about. But but aside from that, there can be no debating that the Harold doesn't give any firm balance coverage. Whatever the issue is, that's what they're. And at least this consistent through all different changes and publishers. They've come and gone and it doesn't make any difference. They've just become more stride and more right wing and more apologetic. That's all. Just more extreme. Anyway. So here's the, huh? How you doing? I'm doing great. I'm just waiting till 11. 11. We're just killing time. And we already killed off two hours magnificently. We've butchered it. Which of these people best fit the description? To black. We took care of the Jews and the Gays and the Cubans. Leave them alone, please. They've had enough creep. We've had enough creep from them. Which of these people best fits the description to black? I only came up with a couple. Johnny Cochran. Oh, I got another one. I got two more. It's not a two more. Johnny Cochran, O.J. Simpson. Louis Veracan. Thought you took a bite. And Jesse Jackson. Professional black. What about I'll sharpen it? I'll sharpen. He's probably too black for some. CBC is caught now by the way. Did you see that? No, I did not. CBC is caught in Al Sharpen. What about his name is for a TV show? He's also been quoted by Premier in the couple other radio networks for a Synthicated radio show. I underlined Synthicated radio show. Al Sharpen. He was good. Got ahead of to me. I did good all was debates. You said it first and then I will walk. He and Dennis Cassinins said the right things. They performed the best. They had a sense of humor. They were strong in their positions. They didn't waffle. They didn't equivocate. And they had got squat. And nobody voted for either one of them. Cause I hit that here. Is that what it was? Well, they were right. They both got real bad. They do. Real bad do's. Maybe if we'd had just an emotion. Took out theory before the primary started. Just maybe. But I doubt it. Cause I'm sure that John Kerry didn't get elected on his look. I'm for sure. Oh, man. 5.670560. Palm 560. I'm sure you can see all the AT&T line. I'm sure we'll have no shortage of this because it's just the way it is. We have all these petted juices. Thank God that I have none. You know what I'm saying? WCWM. Hello. Yes sir. I got a brother for your pull. All right. About neon, neon standards. Perfect man. In fact, I was thinking about that. What I made up to pull and I forgot all about it. They got all the balance. They're all right. Yep. I got it. Okay. He was going to find. And then he had a screw up. You know, he could screw up a web dream. Can I say that? No. He could screw up a dream. How could he do that? I just can't control him. So if you finally actually had something to contribute something to say. And he still got to like take his pants down. Show his ass to the world. Hi, Ali. More important than anything else. I see. Well, that's always the purpose of his call. If it's called. So we got anyway. We got Dion Sanders on there. I'm sure. And I'm sure that Josh can handle a spelling of Dion. I think so. Well, we'll see. The E I. Oh. And. Right. Right. Got it. Got it. They want to go on. I don't want to. I like that. Like that the busy, blue aren't as is. Whatever that thing was with a four season. He's Google that. He's easy. Topded. Yeah, you Google it. The only problem is with Google. If you put it in a misfiling, it'll say, oh, yeah. We got a whole bunch of those too. And however you spot. See, the deal being later want you to feel too stupid. See. Oh, then that's what it is because I've done the same thing. We've argued about things that I put it the same thing. I said, I did a search on it and it came up. It spelled the way I spelled it. And that's because the internet wants you to feel like, you know, smart like Fredo, that dumb smart. Not like people say. Right. Like Josh. Don't you QA and hello. Hello. How are you? Pretty good. I'm talking to you. Oh, I'm talking to you. Oh, I'm talking to you. Yes, sir. You know, I got, um, I mean, they've been shooting. How about that one? Sammy Davis doing you. They don't come much black or dead of that Sammy. Okay. Are you wish to? Man, it's right. Thanks a lot, pal. Yeah, he made two of the four pools. That's pretty good. Kind of a crossover. Sammy Davis invited him over for crossover. For some hot cross. 560 pound, 560 on the AT&T in Verizon. Wireless line. Just for fun. That's all. We need to get all up tight. Always pick it on the Cuban. He's picking on the juice. We're just having a little bit of fun. Go blind. Yeah. I've had that. We don't have it so much lately because over the years. I've kind of like, you know, the people that are all that up tight. I chased them away. Thank goodness. Thank the Lord. Good. Right. I don't want to be dealing with those people. If you have no sense of humor, if you're all up tight, if you're a professional ethic and are looking to be offended well, guess what? Get lost. Find, find something. Okay. Of course, if you're looking to be offended, we'll hook you up. Well, and yeah, that's probably why you're still listening. If you're looking to be offended. We'll hook you up. Right. He is the best. He really. I'm not talking about the real moment. But, the book of Brian's Mo. If we could somehow more hint into the body of the other one, we really have something. Like an audience. WDQAM Hello. I'm Brian Gumbel. Brian Gumbel is too black. Get out of here. You're crazy person, man. Brian Gumbel is too black. He's like one shade beyond Michael Jackson last time I saw him. See, you're right. I'll tell you what. Just name a bunch of black people. Johnson and Jackson and shoe fro. I'll tell you whatever. Those are my favorites. How about everybody in Liberty City? Yeah, how about everybody in overtime? Everybody in Detroit. I mean, what the hell are you guys talking about? Right. I got one Africa. Hmm. I feel like that. I got one Haiti. Wow. John Mica. Oh, there's a few white people in Jamaica. I'm third man. Not too many. 560. Leave it to them. Dark folks to come up with a good crap man. They really know how to rule a big fat one. 560. 560. 560 on the 18th. And Verizon. Wireless line. I don't want to screw up any of your deals. Did you make him bother's there in the hood? You don't want to show him. That's him. WQAM Hello. I'm here. Right over there by that barber shop. Yes sir. I got one for you. Our senior hall. Our senior hall is too dang black. And I think he could have been on the other pole soon. I've mentioned it. I'm not too sure about him. You know what I mean? The biggest teeth. Yeah. The biggest teeth in the ass. That almost is falling off of that sofa. Woo hoo hoo. Oh bad. Now you see. Let me say this to you. Okay. If those were black people in the audience. Which they were white people last time. Because I saw the couple of times. Oh, some more white folks doing that. Make an Oceli monkey son. But if we would have been dark folks making that son. Somebody would said, Oh, that's your. It's a racist show. See? Just like Howard Cossell called Alvin Gerard A. The little monkey. See? Orky see? Monkey do. 567. O560. Which of these people best fits the description. Two black. I'm going to put them to come up with Michael Jackson. That's the one I'd be waiting for. Michael Jackson. He just do damn black. You said monkey do. Yes I did. Well, I can't say monkey. Crap. So I said monkey do. Yeah. Don't let up here that I said monkey do. I said monkey do. I like that. No, no, no, no. I said monkey do. Yeah. And how do you like this one? People do. Oh, they do that. Some people do. Some people don't. They're in the show. And some it's just as well. I love that song. Anyway. I don't know what. But the judge did you just tickling with a feather. What? Yeah. Man, oh man. She don't take much when he's just in the right mood. I think he's trying to throw us off because you got into that big argument with that Israeli Apologies there that Sharon liquor. That was so bad. That guy was even ready to sing my Sharono. Who was so whipped up to a frenzy. Yeah. When a Palestinian's going to be responsible either. Right. I want to use really. And then they'll be maybe there's going to be some progress. Then maybe we'll take a look again. But we're not going to hold our breath for that. Because guess who's waiting in the wings in Israel if Sharon goes to jail, which is a possibility. He always got good old Benjamin Netanyahu way that way. Yes, I mean. Yeah. BBBBBB Netanyahu, BBBrain. Another militant right way in lunatic. Anyway, 12 minutes after noon at 5.60 WQM, think about it for a virtual company to succeed without even a single stir-front location means beating the competition on every dimension. And that's what Dalamaka has been doing in South Florida for over a dozen years. When you call 1-800 mattress you'll get better prices. Better delivery times, better customer service, better everything. Dalamaka's won the 2004 Better Business Bureau, local torture award for excellence, because they work harder than anybody else during your business before during and after the sale. When you call 1-800 mattress and speak with one of their expert bed and consultants, you can rest assured you're getting the best possible mattress and deal all the way around. They got the top makers. They got silly, sort of Simmons King Corps tempered even stir-ins in foster hewitt. And at 1-800 mattress you'll discover there's never an extra charge for same day delivery either. Dalamaka's they take same day order orders all day long from Candle of Stewart Palm Beach to Ford Mires. And don't forget when you call 1-800 mattress you still get to pick the date and to our delivery window you want. Your mattress delivered and they show up there mighty private delivery record on time deliveries 99.7% of the time. I'm one of the residents satisfied customers and I guarantee you I'll bet charges life on it that you will be too. So do what I always do when your mattress is bumpy and lumpy and worn out and I can't agree night sleep. Just make that one easy call that's all it takes. 1-800 mattress or log onto their website mattress.com. Dalamaka's 1-800-MATT-RES the easiest possible way to buy you a great new bed. You're my man. This is for 205. You weigh yeah. Day I'd like to read a letter that I'm writing to all white people today in the spirit of unity and understanding. Dear white folk, couple of things you ought to know. When I'm born I'm black. When I grow up I'm black. When I get sick I'm black. When I go out in the sun I'm black. When I go out in the cold I'm black. When I get scared I'm black. And when I die I'm still black. But you my white man. When you're on you are pink. When you grow up you are white. When you get sick you are green. When you go out in the sun you go red. And when you get cold you turn blue. When you get scared you turn yellow. And the happiest time of my life is when white people die. You turn purple. And you got the damn nerve to call me colored. Interesting spilling job. If you thought Desi R and S with 4 Zs was interesting. Ferricon here is just a we could do a whole show on that. What's he going to do about it? F a R a C o n. You got the compart right. I like that. I think he was trying to spell. Oh my. Do we have to collect it? Well, Eric's going to have to correct it. He knows how to spell it. F a R a k h a n. Yeah there's an A n. Something like that. Something like that. I think that's a lot of creative spilling on everybody's doing well and spied him. And now sharpens got that we just got a few votes to get started here on this one. Not all that many. Because he's people. These people are voting now. They'll want to be perceived as being racist. It was okay to on the Cuban one. We had a plethora. We had almost 500 votes in two hours. Jammon it. But on this one, well, we got to be real careful. You know. Why? Why do these people best describes the pizza description of being too black? I'll tell you right now. I voted for Johnny Conquin. You know, the race card thing with him. His whole deal seems to be good. You know what I mean? That's it. I voted for Jesse. Now sharp in eight. Louis Veracan five. The on Sanders vote. Jesse Jackson three. Johnny Conquin two. Oh, Jason Simpson one. None yet for Sammy Davis. Do you know our scenario. Just the first twenty people. It's a coming in real slow now. Because people all look over their shoulder when they vote. WQAM. Hello. I'm Karate. Karate Scott King. Karate Scott King is too black. I don't go putting that on there, Josh. Okay. Karate Scott King is too black. Who the. You put a QAM, hello. Hey, now. How you doing? Pretty good. I'll put color brother checking in. Take you back to your WIOD days with Brian Cox. Brian Cox is an excellent one. Yeah. We can't. I think it would be tough to beat on the off-ended. Watch yourself though. I'm going to be a brownie. I know right. Take care. Bye. Are you sure? No, no, start. Hey. Oh, no, stop. Oh, oh, oh. That man. Brian Cox. I'm sure that Josh can handle that. I can handle it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. And you. And you. And you. And you. And you. And you. And you. And you. And you. Yeah, sir. I got one, uh, Spike Lee. Spike Lee is too dang black for me, man. It's all he does is make a bunch of, uh, let's feel surfing Dark Folka movies. Smoking his straight movies there. Exactly. Thanks a lot. Hey, one more thing. Yeah. When you're back down here in town, uh, for lunch, check out our most grill. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Uh, me, hit the N.T. And Verizon Wireless Line. Oh, speed of this issue. One moment please. WQM. Hello. Good afternoon, Mr. Roger. Good afternoon, Mr. caller. I can tell you're doing very well. That's good today. I'm doing great. I'm having a wonderful day myself. Well, I did. I did. It's time for a year. The last caller just took my thunder about Spike Lee. I wanted to say the same thing. But I would like to say thank you for shining the light on these Republican cockroaches out there. And this is coming to you from a Republican voter by the way. Right. I am so sick and tired of what they're doing out there. Well, go several times the opposite of this time. Make up for last time. Thank you. Uh, no, what are you just going to say? The new Chris Rock HBO special is good and quite watchable. You'll like it. Oh, we're not putting Chris Rock on your arm. No, we're not. He's a good guy. I got one for you. I got another one. Okay. Will Smith. Yes, he will. Oh, boy. Well, Smith, you got it there, Josh. Will Smith. He just makes me and there's just something about him. And he's not really like real dark and play. We're not talking about complexion. Yes, they work at it. He's never talking about complexion. You could just go like that king cool on there. You know, and don't put him on there. No, it's certainly he was. He was very, very, I mean, you know how goes. Some people are like, uh, Halle Berry and some people are like, uh, Old King cool and that King cool. Natalie, old nine. I don't then see Natalie called a long time. I forget. She like real dark and black. No, she's video. She like, yeah, medium, charcoal. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, Tom 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. WQAM, hello. My Tyson. My Tyson's good. He's too black and too obnoxious and too a lot. In fact, see, there's an example of a guy that most of the black folks who probably like to give back just like me with no me would Bob Cunston, who you were doing with the acupointing. Oh, I have a long list with him. No, see, a lot of people that you would just like give them a. We don't want to take credit for them. Okay, they must be, must be a, check the virtue of it. Must be something else. WQAM, hello. Meow. Yes, sir. Marty, go. Hey, WQAM, hello. That's what. Hey, meow. Yes, sir. How about 40 Mac and C4? I like Marty Cohen, better. Did you? Yeah. Good credit, Marty. I didn't know Marty Cohen was black. I thought he was white, but then again, I didn't know him all I will, you know? So, Bob Cunston, how many black comedians can you name? Right. Now, we're not, we're not, we're not playing that game, okay? How many black guys can you name? All right, and women don't leave them out. Right. And chillin. Are you chillin? Yes. Till 11. 12. 12. I'm not lying. I'm lying. If I'm lying, you're dying. So, did you QA and hello? And how are you doing? Pretty good. Good. Give me this wrap or check the, Check the, yeah, I heard him. Yeah, I want to know, and I made him from being too black. All right, thanks. And what about, let's put him on, what about 50 cent? Okay. See, and again, there's another one, a lot of black folks. Oh, no, we don't, he's white. He just does the Al Jolson thing, you know? Of course I do. But it's a reversal. Let's put him in him on here. Even though he's white. No, he's too black. No, he's not. We're not talking about that. We're just making a joke. No, you weren't. No, you weren't. You were trying to sneak it on there. Probably winking a Josh. Get it. You know, a slip it in there. I don't wicket Josh. That's you. I know a lot of people, but I'm there. He ain't there. He's nowhere near that place. He walks through real fast. I don't play with him. 567. I don't know why you say that. You just want to steal fear in paranoia. I mean, when I'm not there, I might ears ought to be burning from the kind of Crath that's going on. You're right. Nobody in that building, that I'm like a high prevent lady, but which is a lot more I can say for some people I know, I believe. Wow, including that blonde, whatever her name was, and just because I got all timers, who you had crawling around in a four all the time, what was your name? Sharlin. Sharlin. Chan and yeah. Wow. Yeah. How old George always had some assignment for it all, but whatever he was looking for was always down in the bottom of the finding cabinet. But we don't have top shops. It was always down there at a bottom, so she had like, oh, get down in the floor. You know, they're crawling around a lot. That might fall. She worked on that underwear. Right. WQA and hello. Yeah. Yes sir. We were still a con. We don't have him. Of course we have him. Yeah, he's got 10 vote. What are you talking about, man? That's why I just play that bit. We have him in spades. In fact, what about the deon Sanders? Oh, that's right. He's in first place. See, that's the other thing. Namaste a bunch of black folks and also read us back to the name of some of the people that are already on there. That'll help us kill some really good time to get out here into a clock for the, and let's see, we don't even get the schedule out today. Shame on me. Well, that's because I'm pissed off about it. Because those freaky marlins, who lost 13 to 10 last night of wild game in Colorado, typical Colorado game in that ballpark. But anyway, they got an afternoon game, but they're playing out there. So, of course, the time difference, they started 305 as opposed to like 105, they would have, see? No, so we got Curtis Stevenson, 2 to 230, because big shots like the Mad Dog and you're truly in the Humper. Oh, right. We don't come in for like a half an hour. We just bring in some, you know, I mean, Curtis is fine. He'll do a good half hour for you. Marlins on deck at 230. Marlins at the Rock East, 205, try to come back after last night after a wild wild golf. We got the big at 6 till 10, 4 hours of that. Well, that's how fresh readings. And any K after of that. Why am I picking on him so much lately? I don't know. He just, just something not there is in, I don't know. That must be it. That must be it. Alaino Alsecury sounds pretty Jewish to me. And I'll tell you what no matter what you are, if your carpets are smoked, you don't make any difference. Even if you don't understand what the word smuds means, you know what it's at. You know, if you're a carpets smell bad, they look kind of grimy, dogs, the kids, everybody's done a job on him. Here's the answer. Call my good friends to drive concepts like I've been doing for over 20 years in several different homes. And every single time I use them, I even no matter how much I know they're going to do a super job, I always just kind of look around and say, holy crap, how could they do this? On my floor. Kind of like when I had the dogs, I used to say the same thing. Holy crap, how could they do this? My floor, which is why I needed drive concepts a lot. Once a year should do the job, you're using their train technicians who'll drive clean your carpets like you'd ride clean your clothing to leave them looking brand new smelling lemony first, they're driving a couple of hours so you really can't clean today entertained the night. And it'll give you a written guaranteed price up front, whether it's your carpeting, your area of rugs, your oriental rugs, your draper, your furniture, poultry, all of these things. All of these things. They do the same stupidest job and no reports or bad surprises at the end of the job. Call to the NCI you can say 15% on the next carpet cleaning too, just by asking them to put you on their stand by list. That'll save you next to your 15% off the already unbeatable price of that stupidest job. After our concepts today, they'll never let you down. 1-800-248-5071. That's 1-800-248-5071 or check them out on the web at dryconcepts.com. Riding local, we're sports video 5-6-C-C-U-A-M. Call that stuff man, mama Benouche, get that mess out my face. Damn, give it to Mikey man, he hate everything. He's saying it's not too bad. She likes it! He's my mate! My ties and back and the first should be my home. Oh no, oh no, my tights. Never gonna kick ass and get everything you want is. Oh no, oh no, my tights. Benouche, get that speedy, come and watch me. Oh no, oh no, my tights. Best thing that he did is go riding get them. Yeah, oh no, oh no, my tights. Hey, now all I ever mentioned is a bundle worth of pleasure in the ring. You're gonna look to death, yeah. Oh no, oh no, my tights. Just standies, cause he'll be west, anything better. Oh no, oh no, my tights. Hey, I am Mikey, you're the candle for afters. I'm all, all, all my tights. That's all Captain Cube, but we won't go for your pasts. Oh no, oh no, my tights. Now you're into thinking, yeah. Hey, everybody's gotta be it. We thought and jailed that you might forget. Oh, oh no, oh no, my tights. You'd make a real keep me, it's like you would say, oh. Oh my tights, the back and he's for an, 27 to 150, has Mikey doing by the way, he did the good. He only got four vote. Which of these people best described fits in the script of being too black? The on set is 22. I want to change my vote for Dion. What was I thinking about? I think he's one of the very few people when I see them on my TV screen. I just get physically ill. Would have timp out for these got on, you know, and all the jewelry and just, I mean, where's that yellow civilians? What I'd like to know, because he had that in the parking lot somewhere. It's in the garage. I feel black out. You're lucky is because he's only on, run a football game. ZNFL today and yesterday next week and we have a look at this. Yeah, he has a program out on my TV. All of these. All of these straight. Right. And, in fact, you also don't get to see Terry Bradshaw, which means you'll live a lot longer. Do you understand there's 22 Louis Furicon 17, yet? I got a good poll for tomorrow. Yeah. Do these people best fit to the description? Redneck. Right. I always think of that. Will my one to say it for the closer? I thought we'd get to it eventually. Well, we will tomorrow. Well, see tomorrow. That'll be like a little window dressing for when the wedding's so much lemon 30. And then we can like, huh? Right. I'm just going to read the numbers for big one-on-six because that's going to be so cataclysmic. It's going to be, that's not a prediction. That's a fact. And anybody who wasn't listening yesterday, I read it a how many times. But, third man. She to stay the story was the San Francisco of the San Diego. FM station, it carried the Howard Stern Show before course. Chief channel sold out. They told it sold their devil to Michael Powell and the FCC. They had an eight in February that an 8.9 share. This is the book just came out and said they had the month by month. February 8.9 in March after Stern went off on that station. They had a 0.7, 8.9 to a 0.7, just it's almost like somebody tore the tower down. You know what I mean? And they got a few residual diaries from people that didn't know they were off the year. It's almost that bad. And I predict big one or six can duplicate that easily. Absolutely. When those numbers come out tomorrow. Anyway. Oh, this is a story that's just nauseating. And you're like a lot. You want me to go. Why? Because they were putting your least favorite people. Her name is Boba. Oh, Boba. Television in the past few years has given us reality shows in which average men and women battle for a boy, friend of girlfriend, a job of Donald Trump, or a million dollar ticket off of deserted island. Now the industry is taking the genre to a new level. According to recent promotional ads and releases, in episode the ABC News magazine showed 2020 airing 10 p.m. this Friday. We'll feature five couples competing and vying to adopt a baby boy. The host of the program is one of the most prominent broadcasters, Barbara Walba. Walba is upcoming shows around seeing anger among adoption workers across the country. We'll find the depiction of families competing for and winning a baby tasteless. Adoption is not a competition. What if the baby is a baby? A baby is not a prize to be won. ABC is exploiting his child and a whole idea of adoption on national television. I'm disgusted to a gene true to a date by President of the Florida Adoption Council. We're not happy about it, Senator Mary and Shera of adoption placement in a plantation agency. Shera and other adoption professionals all across the country have been writing and calling ABC. Voicing their displeasure over the program's game show like nature and asking please don't air it. The program's website has been flooded in recent days with angry chat room postings. Probably calls to chat shows too. From adoptive parents, birthmothers and others among the messages, you will win the award for the best trash on TV if you're the show. And I'm really surprised at Boba. Talk to you with a journalist. Little did we know. But the total sellout, right? How are they going to be competing the parents? We're just letting you finish the fight. Some writers are urging viewers to complain that the FCC, we're calling for board cuts of Disney. The parent company of ABC and Comcasts know we don't want to buy any more by the way. Disney. In response to the outcry ABC pulled its promotional item, we placed it with a version that does not portray the process as a competition or reality show. ABC news rise President Jeffrey Schneider would not discuss the contents of the show, which will air during the start of a rating switch for it, just by coincidence I'm sure. But said we view copies that included references to the options of the competition do not reflect final editing changes. It is a very responsible, interesting thoughtful hour and a process most Americans might not know anything about he said. The apperers over B. My Baby, the Friday episode that had been built as a unique look inside the intense competition of the open adoption process. The hour-long show focuses on Jessica, 16 year old pregnant old high-o-girl, and her struggle to select one of five couples to adopt her unborn son. The mother to be watched a couple who will permit her and her standard family to continue to play a prominent role in the boy's life. Sinking to adopt a child who I'd yet to be born at the time of taping, Karen and Tab Brown, mortgage broker and sales exec, Steven Kathy Follinger, police officer in a administrative assistant, teachers Tina and Daniel McKeen, financial administrator Steven Joyce Strasser, and Beth and Matt Trinka, where how supervisor and physical therapist, the show's news releases referred to the couples as fine-list, shadowing them as they each go through a 30 minute interview to convince the pregnant girl that they be the best parents for her soon to be born Baby. At one point Tab Brown says he feels as though he's on the dating show the bachelor, your inner your out-to-night. The adoption professionals through the show would, while perhaps well intention, will leave yours with the inaccurate ideas about the process. Also, birth mothers today do review family profiles and select individuals and couples to raise their children. They do so only after adoption agencies have to careful scrutiny of all parties, narrow the choice to far fewer than five experts say. Have you just read Donald Trump? I say you got the kid. Huh? Oh man. rarely do birth mothers interview five families in the process does not take 30 minutes. They say it involves months of obtaining information, asking for more information and behind the scenes discussions with mothers and adopted families before any meeting occurs. Families who are not chosen sometimes never even know they were under consideration. The process that it shows is unlike anything I've ever seen in real life said at an apartment, well that'll ought to be a TV reality show. By unreal. He's executive director of the New York based Evan B. Donaldson adoption soon. It's much more private normally. Indeed, the camera's presence not to mention Walters cannot be downplayed. Adoption workers wonder did the adoptive parents agreed to participate, thinking that somehow have a better chance of getting a baby? The Jessica Field Pressure really pushed her right to her child because she was appearing on 2020? What effect years later will the show have on the boy and his self image? All of these things. There's a lot of anxiety, a lot of concern that this really degrades the process. Oh perfect for TV if it's degrading. He said that run into your president of American Academy of Adoption attorneys. The focus is all on winning the prize and might as well be a basket of fruit. See they're doing it like that. If they had some obstacle courses, maybe eating bugs, getting naked, then they'd have a net. Oh, that's next prize. And law. This is for Twitter, my 16th. You win, you win, you win, you win, you win. It's day all! If I ever tell, I have five six oh, WQA. On the next tip word, David Milch's version of the old West. When cowboys were smelly and used 500 curse words for sentence, there's a new gunslinger in town to avenge the death of his friend. I am Bill, I am Bill. What you do is eat bummies, parts, stranger. Yeah, who did it? I'm Buffalo Bear, mommy. He said that. Kid Liffy is a fellow bill. If you're our fast on a f***ing draw, I will be fast if I didn't put the lotion in a holster. That is a jerk. A f***ing stranger. I've been told a pair of four-minded old sh**er and sh**er-ish-roof. That's about as close as we can get to promoting the dialogue that we've had for only on age. The old. 145 at 5.60 WQAM. Which of these people best fits in a description to black? The on Sanders, 27. Louis Ferrican, 26. Got the sponerey, nice going Eric. Jesse's Jackson, 23. Al Sharpen, 23. Got a good four-way battle going there. Spike Lee got 16. Johnny Cockron, 9, 50 Cent 8, 0J Simpson 4, Mike Tyson 4, Arsenio 3, Brian Cox 1, Alan Keys 1, Will Smith None, Semini Davis, Juniors got the big O and Chuck these got none. And trust Bradford don't have any. 560, 0.50, 60, 0.50, 60 on a AT&T. I feel like the same choice just... They're really even like light chocolate, you know? Yeah. Light mocha. WQAM, hello. Yes, I had a suggestion for the poll, I don't know. Yes sir? Bobby Brown. Bobby Brown, downtown Bobby Brown. Yeah, without a doubting. We'll like Slack Whitney down a lot. Yeah. Okay, thanks a lot, pal. Sure. I have a great day. Good old Bobby Brown, he's just doing another one, I'm sure they'd like to know. Oh, you guys can have him. Maybe tomorrow he'll wake up like yellow. It can be like turn Chinese. Okay. No, I would have said turning Japanese, but I can't say that. Got no more. No. Back in the day though. Come in QAM, hello. Neil. Yes sir. How you doing? I'm doing great. I got a request for your poll. I request okay, what would that be? Eminem. That should be a question. It said that before. I don't know. What do you think Josh? Well, let's you break the tie. No. No. He's not black. I was making a joke. Yeah, George was doing a joke. I won't be like saying that Elvis, because he did our in being music was black. You know, that was that what that was. Yeah. Well, and Pat Bohn, you know, 2D fruity. But away we're at under and I don't think we're getting ready to respect for what's your name, what is your name? That's on there. The first, the behind the what is her name? Heidi, uh, fliced Heidi, uh, that's her. Seriously, who we got? Carry word. Oh, yeah. Can't wait to vent. No, carry word. How are you saying name? Just don't sell her short. If you can't go through. That's a good picture. Catch her wall. I just don't think a lot of people know who she is if I wrong about that. I've been in the million things, but no, she never quite broke through. She never made the big breakthrough. Well, it looks like she's got the material to break through, at least a window. She's got the hell out. She's got the hell out. So, still something left there. 560, 505, 60, pound 560. We can't say what though, can we? That's the picture. Just check and dub, of course you need to do that anyway. WM, hello. You sure. Bill Cosby. Bill Cosby. That's right. Good choice. And I was going to eat. You'll need to eat the chocolate. The yellow pudding. Another thing is you get a chance. Definitely check out that with it's wall worth it. George also. Okay. Well, I think that's a good choice. Okay. Thanks. Bye. That's on HBO though, right? What nights I wish I knew? Yeah. Check your local listings. I don't get HBO, but we have, we have some other funky channels here. The curie like, sopranos and shows the Ronnie. You don't get a bit of something you can't get it or just don't have it. It's not on my digital cable. It's not available. It doesn't exist here. It's an American thing. And which do we have a lot of American things like CNN? No, that's wrong. There's that self-hating David from there who ought to be a Tardon feather. Are you going to see Chris Rock? And what did I just get to say to you? There isn't one of those shows that doesn't wind up either on a global or CTV or one of these many group ball operand networks we got here. Okay. It just happened to where to find it. And the show is three. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon. Wireless line. You know, this is on a whole different level. These names here, even though there are a lot of people who aren't exactly what you call popular, then the first two hours with the Cuban thing. Right. Now, I didn't invent it. And there are people all know you're open to an Cuban version for 20 years. Right. Like I invented this. There was a, I'm not even there. There was a hostility that exists in that town. It is just so we're always like simmering right out of the surface. Why are we now in any boils over when there's something really important like Aliah or the Latin Grammys or whatever. But it's just always at the simmering point. All you got to do is like somebody just give you the wrong look. Or somebody go to the airport and have some cost to come and maybe a small Cuban guy. That did it for me. WQA and hello. Yes sir. James Brown. James Brown. He's pretty black. Good choice. Always in trouble man. See one thing in common at people on this list. Not all of them like well Smith. He ain't no trouble. Just annoying. Really annoying. See most of the people I would see who are in trouble or they are trouble. Right. Right. The on centers. He said is brush your two with a law. Louis Ferrican. He's trouble. Al Sharpen. Deons got 32 Louis Ferrican 29. Al Sharpen 26. Jesse Jackson 24. That is a battle. That's what you call a house race. Spike Lee 19. Johnny Cochran 10. I'm going to play the race car. Do you want to stand? What? Sure. I'm glad you're pronounce that really good these days. Johnny Cochran. What do I want to do? 50. And Scott 9. Looks like he needs about 41 more cent. Mike Tyson 5. OJ Simpson 4. Are you sure? Alum keys one Bobby Brown 1 and no votes yet. This is amazing for Sammy Davis Junior. Chuck D. Will Smith or Bill Cosby just went on their order. 166. But just not to can I not the same kind of a zeal for this particular pull. As the first one. 32. I'm hello. Hi. I'm calling for Neil. Yes, man. Speaking to him. Hi, Neil. I just wanted to give a local figure for you. Okay. You're going to give a local figure for you. Okay. Do you rub in Victor Curry? Oh, that's a good one. Bishop Victor Curry. Right. Thank you. See you. What is his exact title besides Bishop Victor Curry? Besides Schmendrick Hall. Bishop Victor Curry. There's one of your local locals. And OJ on Provocanturth there was one. He's one of the one. It's always complaining about this show. And all of these things. And he's racist. And he probably not happy with this segment with these two hours. Even though we spread it around for just about every kind of group of the sun of which two that I fit into myself and one of George fits into. Mm-hmm. Josh, we don't worry to fit him in. Redneck. Yeah. That really. Not, I don't think so. He's a totally redneck. Not too many redneck little than Western. You think? Well, living coal springs. I think you're living in Western. Nah. Yeah, George told me, is there you live in one of you? No, that's somewhere out there. Yeah, I asked someone to you. It's all the same. Okay. We can't all live on real prestige. Hollywood. Yeah. That's your bird. Wow. Yeah, ask, mom, maybe she can have you over lunch early now and now that you're almost neighbors. Right. I'll do it. WQAM, hello. Yeah. Yes, sir. I got a gift for your bird. Can we put it down? Who is it? Tim Brown. Tim Brown. Tim Brown. Oh, Jim Brown, Jim Brown. Yeah, he's a pretty dark right. He's dark and literally, you know what I mean? He's a dark character. Great football player, but he's like a hall kinds of problems, man. She could make you some really bad moths of all soup. She made me last time I was done or don't ever make that again. My always the worst crap I ever had in my life. It was just gruesome. Those were two of the worst. Well, it was just bad soup. You know what I mean? It was just bad stuff. Just. Well, quick. No, I was thinking more like when I saw it. Be a friend. Be fair. And I was. And I made the mistake I ate it. And it was pretty nasty, see? I don't like moths of all soup out of a can. So just forget about the soup, huh? Just stick with really good stuff. Like those millie burgers that will really, uh, well, yeah. 560, 750, 560, pound 560 on the AT. She makes great potato pancakes. I'll say that. Can I eat those? No. I'll eat them anyway. How about a QA? Hello. Hey, got one for the black bowl. Yes, sir. Stoky Carmichael. Also. Got a suggestion too. How about a hogey Carmichael? How about it? I'll give you a suggestion too for another poll. Would be his black. Blacks that are too white. The man I like that. And also, I've written, I've written Metro Fail four times. He's why? He wrote the Metro Fail four times. Oh, he wrote Metro Fail four times. I can understand what he, uh, be saying. He wrote the Metro Fail four times. That's good. Everybody calls him. We want to find out if you ever read the, uh, Metro Fail and how you like the rips and chorities. Pretty stop and think about that. I remember people like Richard Friedman having an nervous having a cow back in the back in the day. And the hero was just pontificating. Oh, this is going to be so great for the community. And it's going to do this. And of course, the only reason they heard cared about is because it went downtown. Anything that went downtown. That's why the beef up that cracking neighborhood that the hero doesn't. And let me ask you this. It's not ever go downtown. I mean, and not any were near it. All that big renovation. We're going to do there. You know right around where the hero is. Has that taken place yet? Well, how you got your base side. Now I'm not talking about base side. Now this was, this was a little bit closer into where the one hero plans is. There you know, or her. And we're going to like renovate. And we're going to be a shopping malls. Now this really fancy fancy fancy and really go sit up. And everybody's going to be slacking running down to be in downtown Miami. And increase the value of the hero of the property. Of course, I think there's a new fake Rolex watch stand that wasn't. See that that's just an ancillary benefit. The fact that it would benefit the hero and go stuff there probably. They would never allow that to interfere with their with their editorial job. WQAM. Hello. QAM. You know what I got your winner here? Yes, sir. Michael Irvie. Michael Irvin. Okay. Thank you. Michael Irvin. And as it mirror these people not pronouncing some of the names are like, Stokely, Carmichael, not Stokey. I remember my Stokey. And I remember Stokey's out there on I 75. Are they still in business we talk about them all the time? I don't even know if they're really Stokey's Stokey. Yeah, they're still around. You know, where to get that rancid peanut brittle from about six, seven years ago? There's still what the plaza. Yeah. And mother-of-bubbers pies. What's the, what are the cookies that the turnpike plaza? Mrs. Fields. Oh, yeah. That's right. You'll have a field today out there to turnpike. And of course Nathan's. Huh? You know what they say? You can't, I'm not going to say. You can't even. Uh, sometimes I'm about Nathan's weaning, but I'm not going to say it. For a 56 at 560 QAN. And I'm not going to say it. And look, this is for 3.0560. 2.08. 2.08. And. Oh, this is on. This is not a tumor. It's the one to two hours. I'll go get through a bedroom window. And I made everything different now. But I did not do what was crippled. But that ain't no the new. If you play for the fish. I guess my girlfriend forgot the tell me. That is all the bitch was someone else's wife. But I swear with those things that will be revealed. And I'm out now. When it changed me with the time. Why didn't that bitch pay me? It was too dark to see. She beat me with the love of the. It's not scared of this. I don't think he's going to be. Wow, I didn't like that. I'm going to do it so well. But we're going to that. I could have liked. You know, don't know what I'm scared of. I'm scared of it. 101 at 560 WQAN. You want? I don't. Okay. Secret Service Question Student I'm Drawings. Crosser Washington. Secret Service agents question a high school student about anti-war drawings he did for our class. One of which depicted President Bush's head on a stick. Another Pennsylvania drawing portrayed Bush as a devalancing a missile with a caption reading and the war on terrorism. The 15 year old boys are teacher at Prasser High School turned the drawings over to school administrators who notified police who called a secret service. We involved the police anytime we have a concern. We're going to discuss the process of superintendent Ray talk catcher told the Tri-City hero news paper. Secret Service agents, I thought that's where you threw your money when you go on the turnpack in the toll catcher. Secret Service agents interviewed the boy last Friday. The student was not arrested. It's not been identified. The school district discipline. But district officials refused to say what the punishment was. Tol catcher said the boy was not suspended. The artwork apparently was part of an assignment to keep a notebook of drawings of where the Kevin Cravens are friend of the boy's family. The drawing that do the most note is show to man and what appeared to be Middle Eastern style clothing holding a rifle. It was also holding a stick when the oversized head of the president on it. The student said the head was enlarged because it was intended to be an effigy Craven said the caption called for an end to the war in Iraq. A message left by the AP with an, what is it? Whatever was not returned. If the scripting you were a kid in Prasser's perceived as a threat to the president that we're living in 1984 Craven said, the president was not a freedom of speech issue but a concert over the depictions of violence. From when I saw school officials right to be concerned, Prasser pulled a Steve wind tailor be saying the relation to Frank Taylor only had one thumb. 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Which of these people best fits the description to black? They're the guy that said we ought to do one about which black people are too white? I mean how many of those are there? 3rd man. Michael Jackson. Oh Jay. No. I'm going to talk about white looking. He plays golf. I see the white world. I see what you say. Brian Cumball. This is brother's name. Stinks the joint out on CBS. Greg Gumball. Greg Gumball. Greg? Greg? Okay. Speak up there now. Vita Tuto. Greg Gumball. He's just awful. He's just horrendous. He makes them they've been boring sound exciting. How did they have the next time you do a game with them? Josh. I'll do that. Hello. Yes sir. Pretty good. I wanted to mention something. No one's brought it up yet. I was listening to Alan Colms on the radio last night. Oh my god. How do you press him? You're the one. Somebody has to do it. Yeah. So he mentioned yesterday. I think he was yesterday the day before in the house of representatives. When they were doing the pledge of allegiance. Yes. The Democrat Jim McDermott of Washington was his turn to lead the house in the pledge. And when he got to the partition of the part where he was supposed to say, under God, he wanted out. And the Republicans went berserk. One of them got up. Some guy from Texas. I think named sessions. Got up on the house for and to this is an assault on American tradition and that. You're right. You're right. Excellent. And I'm surprised no one mentioned it. I didn't see any stories about it. Anywhere's going on. I'm not out. I'm not out. I'm not out. So I'll be show up there and I want to recommend a quick book to you. Okay. It's called Take them out there words shocking. I'm using him battling quotations from the GOP and their friends 1994 to 2004. Okay. And it's just little quotations that you can throw in. You're a tape. Okay. Thanks. Okay. Take care. Bye. One nation under. I would have really done it. You know what? What's that to see that? Yeah. Well, I'll score for it. We'll find it. Five six seven. Five seven. The staff knew that anchors away. Located at Beach Place in Fort Lauderdale stopped by to spend the wheel for prizes. And we're just to win 300 scratch off tickets from the Florida lottery. I don't know how many you get a chance to win. Maybe all 300. I have no idea because they just tell us crap. It's the anchors away party for the air and sea show today at Beach Place. As long as they get in the commercial plug, they don't really care about the other information. WDQA and hello. Yes. Yes sir. Mission to meals full. Okay. Burning back. Yeah. Burning back. The earlier we dismissed it as a. He's just a black comedian. Yeah. It's just a black guy. Okay. Why is he too black? Another addition. Okay. Not fit the profile, but how about M&M? No. Okay. Or for two. Sorry. You know what we forgot though? Who's that? Give me a clue. Well, no, tell me that too fast. Give me a hint. I mean, kill a couple of minutes with this. Give me a hint. First what is he smell like? M. M. One. Second initial M. Second initial M. You made a last name where the second initial of his first name. I think they draw it out one letter at a time. Got blunt here. Blind here. Blind here. Yeah. Well, that's not really blind. Bleach is it. Yeah. Things a lot of rap songs. Yeah. Sounds like Andy. Yeah. Melt in your mouth. WQM, hello. I got a stick to nail. I'm snickering as you're saying that. Yes, yes. Speak to me. How are you, sir? Pretty good. Uh, I'm just kidding. Hello. I'm just kidding. Go ahead. There were me. I've been trying to get a hold of you for a while now. I'm here. It's slippery. I've been a long time listener since he births the days. If you could call those. BAH. Yes, I do. Okay. Look, Cronus still haven't bad bowel movements because of those days. Well, all I wanted to say is like, you always say they look like they could never crack the gunner. They're going to self-destruct his way you're trying to say they're going to grab the feet from the jaws of victory. That's great. Looks like they're well on their way. Exactly. And also, like you might recall from those days. You might call you Neil Nasser Domis because you predicted all this. Remember when you were John Anderson? Yeah. And the Reagan was going to be elected. You said all these appointees on the Supreme Court are going to bring, you know, they're going to be going to rule. Remember those days? Right. I do. Sure. Yeah. Well, a lot of them were paying for those choices now. You got it. That's why we got what we got right now. Yeah. And that's the these supreme. And all these so-called pithia repotters can say, you know, the thing of decisions before the breast gate or whatever you want to call it. At least we had the choice. Whether it's a listen to you or our turn or not. Now we have much choice. You know, they had the choice to turn on you on and off. There are lots of Nazis, man. I mean, no sense of being around the voice. There are a bunch of Nazis. That's right. For like to us, pal. I'll see you at the border. Well, keep giving them some new. All right. Thank you. 5.6705.6. On the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line, you can almost smell those numbers. Okay. Coming off that thing tomorrow. Tell them a smell them. 11. Third and tomorrow. I'm getting my new drum that I'm going to stick that right in my brother. A fax machine here. My fax copy or scanner. Whatever else it does. And then tomorrow morning we'll get that vermoral. Just like you heard right there all whipped up into a frenzy. Well, see what happens. Okay. And then we just proceed from there. Life goes on. But I don't think for WBG, I think big one of six is going to be a really really just fight the bullet man. They're going to bite the big one. WDQA and hello. Hey, you. Yes, sir. How about a 80 Murphy? Any Murphy is a fabulous choice. I second an emotional triple of two. Thanks a lot. Any Murphy. We got a peak in saying, can he? No. He can sure act. But he sure knows how to pick up a cross-resser. Whatever that thing was. He's a little confused. That's all. Other legend is on mine. I mean, he, you know, back in the day, there were he was funny for like about 10 seconds, 20 seconds. Right? The P.J. is good. I'm not talking about what he would forward a bed. Don't talk about what he ate. Oh. Oh, seriously. He was fairly amusing at time. But then he just became too big for his bridges. It was one of these guys. Oh, he was a singer. And he was a just like, well, Smith. What the hell was that horrible song that will smithed? That was like number one for about 75 weeks. Which one was that? Several. The wild west with a cowboy hat. You know, the dark-complexed cowboy. Well, you know what I'm talking about. It was called Wild Wild West. Yeah. That's what I just say. Oh, man. And they must have shown it on those European music channels. They must have shown that about how many seconds? About 30. 30 seconds. They kept showing that dang thing over and over and over again. Something about these farts or cowboy angle. It just kind of like, let me limp if you catch my drift. Or let me. Yeah. Louis Ferrican 40. This is this is a battle. We haven't had a poll like this in a long time. Which of these people best fit the description? To black. Louis Ferrican 40. The on-sad or 38. Spike Lee 33. Al Sharpton 33. Jesse Jackson 31. Oh, by the way, you know that Jesse's baby. Whatever that thing is. Can't play that. Jesse's baby. No, you're a bunch of y'all. The long-trial thing. Oh, yeah. I even close. I listen about the first two words. Oh, that's a 50 cent 14 Johnny Cochlan 14. Mike Tyson 7. OJ's got only six. How come time A to J so black? Our city of four Bobby Brown four. Michael Irvin four. Brian Cox three. Alan Keys two. Chuck these got one. James Brown one. Bishop Curry. I think he's kind of kid. Kory any? Bishop Victor Curry one. And no votes yet. Not a 245. A big zero for Eddie Murphy Bill Cosby. Will Smith and even poor Sammy Davis Junior. They figured leave him with the Jewish thing. All right. You know what is. Huh? I'm looking for that thing. What is that under? The eye. Yeah. What is that under? Oh, I don't understand. Forget about it. It's not worth it. Followed this after one to five 60 WCM. It's basically meeting her me talk for a long time for years now about fast train. You probably wanted it for make sense for you. If you'd like to get out of the rut that your life is stuck in right now. The facts are simple. If you have the dedication, fast train can provide you with necessary training, help you achieve a new high-paying computer career. And they can do it. This is part of the best part of the deal. It just for short months. Just think about it. By the end of the summer. You can be on your way. Ah, working in a great new computer job. Getting a big fat paycheck that goes along with it. Fast trains got day night and weekend classes. Financial assistance for people who qualify. Once you complete your classes, fast train will even help you out and getting a new computer job. So what's not to like? It's really just that easy. Just pick up the phone, make that one easy call. I could change your life in a big, big way. They got several occasions for including Miami, Kendall, Fort Lodrid, on temperpins. So there's about to be a fast train fairly close by you. Check them out of the way. The fast train. Come in and make that call. And please be sure and tell them the Todd Drec. Throwing the call that will brighten up their day. Call 1-866 Fast Train. Five local businesses, five cities. Three or the only hours of hell. You ain't in. Absolutely. We need a leader who will get us back on stress. Yes. Maybe it's time we had a president who's left. Rourth. I've seen him on TV just up in his own clothes. I heard his running mate might just be changing their jobs. His name is Colin Pau. He has those two people left. Oh my God. The leaders of Colin Pau. Some first close in my day say they're ain't the way. But the time they change, you know, is our next one. You're the gate. One-eighteen. I'd rather have a spastic call in the minute and maybe the week. But yeah, it's something for it. You sure as hell can't call him being too black can you? Nope. Just too full of crap, I think. We probably have a pull on that one these days. So much of these people you think is too full of crap. I don't whom I'd win. Absolutely. Wait till you hear this, speaking of full of crap. Twenty-seven-year-old handcuffed and jailed for unpaid traffic ticket. They went through that again. Highland Park Texas. But as you love around in people up in Texas, you know? They all round up. They don't mess around. They like to smoke them out of their holes and go get them. Police say they had no choice but to go by the book when they handcuffed the ninety-seven-year-old woman. And took her to jail for failing to pay a traffic ticket. Harriet Colton was arrested last week after officer doctor for having an expired registration and inspection sticker, and realized there was a warrant for her arrest for failing to pay a traffic ticket. Colton, a former school teacher, was lived in the Dallas suburb for decades, was in police custody for about two hours before her attorney arrived, and she was released in her own reconnaissance. Our real beef, for this is that no real judgment would display to actually carry down the incident, said Colton's son, Dr. Phil Colton Jr., a plastic reconstructive surgeon with Bayley University Medical Center. But police spokesman, Detective Randy Miller, can say the officers had no choice but to arrest Colton's mother, a warrant begins with awards, you are hereby committed to arrest, Miller, can say, how do you decide who you are arrested and who you don't, how about an age 90, but not an 91 and up, how about between 17 and 20? Phil Colton Jr., said his mother, and other words, maybe a little bit of judgment could come and play on Ohno, they haven't got that book. Can't complain about their judgment because they don't have any. Colton Jr., said his mother lives alone, cooks her own meals, goes out to lunch regularly and is involved with the communities she's got good eyesight. All of our enthusiasm should be tempered with judgment and they're in lies with my problem with this, and basically mothers problem with it too, he said. Her mother son David is a state-district judge who said it would be inappropriate from to discuss the arrest. 97 year old woman, man, which I think 90's old enough, but nevertheless she made it to 97. Out there, driving around she's got good eyesight and sure her reflexes are great. Nobody's asking why 97 year old woman is driving. I mean, she's got a few little pimples on her record there, but nevertheless, if you don't deny it, you probably have a few pimples on it too. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T in Verizon, wireless line, which of these people best pits the description to black. And so far, look at that. 4 votes separate the top 3, Lewis Farrecon 44, neon deon 43, and L-sharp in B-heaven 40, and Spike Lee's right on the rest two is moving up fast now. W-Q-A-N, hello. Hey Neil, great show. Yes it is. Kind of surprised, don't see Don King on that 4. Well, he is now. That's why we need you. That's probably need your input and insight. Don and his magic hair. You got it. Alright, thank you a lot. He kills me at Don King and other people is what we hear. It's amazing this kind of thing that goes on about people who are like alleged murderers, and that's a late 50 cent in Don King. And they just kind of walk around on the loose like, hey, I'm a big shot. You see? Oh, Jay. Oh, Jay, forget about that. Thank God they didn't play the racecard of that trial. Speaking of trials, what's going on with Jason Williams? Huh? The jury was deliberate yesterday. Let's take a quick look at Quarty V. It seems that they're trying to find out if specifically he tampered with Chris Morris or John Gordonick. They had to answer guilty already to the tampering with witness question. That's me. Now they got a jury clock on here. I Quarty V. But it's not moving. Seven hours, 54 minutes and 27 seconds. What does that mean? Is that how long they've been to the written? Maybe it's jury rigged. No, no, seriously. It's got to be longer than that. Come with. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, but I'm a same old crap man. Just killing time just to let a bunch of time like we are today. At least we got to go to see us. I guarantee that their numbers are coming out tomorrow. Quarty V. What a pretty good though when I got to Jason Williams things on. When you think I think. And remember the clowns, the jack holes that were sent. Oh, the Kobe Bryant thing. This is going to be just as big as OJ. Oh, my goodness. How they out of their mind? I would say half of American don't know Kobe Bryant from any to Brian from Brian's gunball. Right? Right. Who? Exactly. I mean OJ nobody don't know OJ. Whether they would like not to know or not that's not the point. Nobody don't know OJ. And hate them like poison except in our building. WCWN. Hello. Yes sir. Can't be the Neil? Speaking. Yes it is. Can't be the Neil? Yes it is. Can't be the Neil. Can't be the Neil. Okay, great. WCWN. Hello. Yes sir. Nice to hear. Please, guys. Just relate with last two. You can tell. Kis and cousin. WQA, hello. Mr. Rojas. Speaking. I'd like to nominate Warren Crow Mighty. Warren Crow Mighty to Crow. Oh my god. The Crow is pretty black now you mentioned it. You know what? And that lingua, his is kind of like I got your crop on it. Right here, homeboy. Yeah. I mean E-bodders is one thing but only one guy who does the crow by. I guess you're crowbond it's right here home, Warren. Come on. Let's get the old crow on there and speak in a warrant. How about Warren? Saff. Hope. Warren's Saff. I guarantee the Joshua logith at under immediately. Would you not? I will. Yes you will. Or else. WQAM. Hello. QAM. Yeah. Is this Neil? Yes, it is sir. Neil. I've got a couple of female entries for you. Why would I just one would be excellent? Neuro at down. Um, do we got Oprah went for you? Okay. Thank you. Oprah is too blessed. See I had it like Chapimoff midsins because he's got a couple. We're not doing that anymore. Okay. Today we draw the line. Oprah is fine. That's a good choice. Although I don't, I don't really look upon her as being all I black. I look upon her as being like, I don't know. She connected with like lots of black causes and stuff. She, uh, yeah. She does. Yeah. But she kind of like spreads it all around. I don't know. I just can't stomach her. She just makes me go. I feel I feel like unclean when I see her on my set. Although much worse when Dr. Phillip pops up. See at least at least, even though her showed blows and she's got nothing to say. Uh, at least she accomplished something on her own. She didn't have to be like a, like a spin off from somebody else. Nobody popped her up. I mean, unlike like the Jefferson's, which is a great show. Very, very funny and sputtle with tongue and jica things. Uh, without all in the family, there wouldn't have been no jepers in. Right. And without, uh, Oprah, there would have been no Dr. Phillip. The difference being that the Jefferson's was great and Dr. Phillip blows. W. K. W. M. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, man. We forgot Miriam all of fun. Oh, we how it's still me for good. Okay. Thank you so much. Thank you, bye. He's on our meeting. Thank you. Miriam the big elephant elephant. Hey, listen, she just got railroading. You know how that is. It's a racial thing. We know that and my right. You bet that's American way. You're American. I'm way. What? Well, hey, we can't play that. No more. We're going to have to clean up her act. In fact, let me just, I better not. I'll do the break. Listen, how good the bleep is that thing. But you listen to it during the break. Well, both listen to what we'll have. I'll three of us listen to it. How do you like that? Well, we have a committee vote on it and see if we have to stick a I'm there in the middle cover it up. Because we don't want to be letting no nasty words go on here because Michael Powell and John Avelstein and Michael cops. All these other word cops up there in DC are going to get all bed out of shape and there'll be people who are monitoring us. We're sending up. Oh, angry, angry letters. Oh, I heard there. So I smelled that. Yeah. And the public sits back and accept this is though this is what America's all about it. This is this to me. This is the most amazing part to show you what a fabulous. You think the religion is to have a good job of turning the people's brains to mush their pikers when it comes to the mass media. Who's going to be on American Island? How come that broad didn't win last week? She got railroaded. It was a raw deal. 26 after one at five, 60 W. If you end this Saturday, may first pump it a particle. Features on the casting of the run for the roses. The hundred and thirty is running of the Kentucky Derby from Churchill down. You can watch in plunge on the world's greatest horse race. Write it. There will be early bird wagering on the Kentucky Derby starting at one p.m. Friday and for both days, Pomp no particle have free past performance pages for the Derby feel are you eating again? Hmm. On Saturday it's closing night for the top of the park. Wrest on the special dining room. Let's see. I was going to talk about the dining room. And the special dining room will open next to early at 430 p.m. There will also be mint jolips. The official drink of the Kentucky Derby on selling a special souvenir glass. And then you can hawk it on the way home to get money for a gas. Located just a half mile from both I-95 in the Florida turn pack. Pomp no particle is easy to get to a best of all. Pomp no particle is your free admission. Three general parking every single day. Live harness racing in the Polk room open every Wednesday. Friday Saturday like tonight. Polk room goes on from noon to midnight. Live racing gets underway. 7.5 in the p.m. Like tonight. Pomp no particle is also open every single day. Seven days and nights a week. Featuring the best in the final casting. Harness through a bread. Highlight from all across North America. Feat to watch in plunge your guts out. Pomp no particle blocks out of the landing full of art on Powerline Road for the curr racing schedule. 9.5.4.9.7.2.2.2.2.1. Or go on a web at pomp no particle park. Don't forget to watch and plunge on the Derby this Saturday at Pomp no particle park. We are sports video 5.6. You a-m. Pomp no particle park. This is the grill. And we're talking horrible on 5.6 to WQA-m. Come homey. Right here at 5.6.7. H-O-O. 5.6.1. Come homey. Let me talk to Steve and Miami. Steve, you know what me? Warick C'monny. Well, Crow. What do the marlins have to do to win the world series this year? What has an easy one, Steve? Think I have to swing the bat. Hit the bow. Be some strikes. Remember, the game of baseball is the difference in hitting. Who has a mode half? 50% feeling. 50% pitch and 20% pitch and 20% pitch. But Crow, that's 175%. What? Don't you be questioning me? Would you be ignorant? Be what? Hey man. Hey man. You'll be ignorant. I'm playing ball, pez and no baseball. In a third world, good kids. Man half my son. Did you? Well, actually I- I played it. Are you gonna- I'm gonna be a- Can I be a- Come homey. I'm the grow. How they gate G. Delomenal B. I'm the one at five sixty W. I'm curious Stevenson for the mad dog at two. Disperse half an hour. Because mad dog like I said he had come in for half hour. Even a Crowian artist doesn't come in to be for the baseball game. Just for a long time. But Crow, this is around. He's in a building and he's got nothing else to do anyway. And so it didn't like polish up his delivery, right? Right. So here we got Marlon's on deck at the 230. Marlon's at the Rockies 305. After last night's barnburner, you got the big six to ten. We apologize in advance. Any K follows that. How'd you like to follow four hours of the big- Wow. Woof. Five six to seven. Hope I've got sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T in Verizon line. Line nine. Hello. Hi. It's New Rogers. Yes, man. This is Maurice from Arizona. I just love your show. Thanks, Laurie. Well, I have found a good one. Dark Jones. Who is it? Dark Jones. Dark Jones is excellent, right? Very good. Thanks. Have a great day. You too. Bye bye. Good evening, Arizona. Star Jones is a good choice. Yes. My set goes in the opposition. Five six to seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T in Verizon. Wireless line. WDQA and hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah. First moment is that B-Dick curtain girl yesterday was just pop-notch. Email. He might just went off forever. Did you think he was in that movie, Anaconda? She was the Anaconda. Yeah. She would be Anaconda. I just think I got that one for your poll. I got a gem for the running back. Okay. I think we got maybe maybe we left them off. Thanks a lot, Palavirate. Have a good one. No, I don't have to get tested about it. I don't get defensive. He's got two votes already. In fact, he's right in there with Bishop Curry. Have received the two of them together? No. Same person. Just awesome way. Victor. Bishop Victor. If there's, well, there may be a Nicholas about half a dozen people who are the real, real problem in South Florida. Professional Oshan provocative to him. And he's one of them. I can't think of anything constructive that this man has ever said or done. It's just always belly aching, always, Oh, no. Find a way to start a every rock. How about your part? You had a gut like that. You'd be belly aching all the time too. Oh, he got a big gut. You never seen him? I thought Bishop Curry was like a skinny old guy. Do you like you think of the different guys? I must be confusing him with the... Our old car wash guy, NIOD. Spencer? Spencer. He was a skinny old guy. All right. Well, I'm talking about. I don't think the same guy. Bishop Curry and Spencer. If it's the person I'm thinking of, maybe somebody will clarify it. I don't think so. I think you got to know that. Bishop Curry is a big fat daughter. Oh, no. No, no. He was the two as just whatever regular. Well, I don't want to get into his. Somebody better personally. Okay. Just relax. Okay. Calm down. Your little whip-up about Bishop Curry. Good. Good. Good. Yeah. Good. This car is for you to my nomination, which I think is historically relevant. Have you ever thought about if Eric and I approached you, if you would have done anything with them? They're not really. I really don't really think I'd be approached me, especially with an agent like I got a number two. I don't want to do that kind of radio. I mean, if they're going to pay me a ton of money, sure. Yeah. Too bad because, you know, obviously, the guy's got on on her now. No, but even that, what they want to do is just it's not going to sell. It's like a death wish. I mean, why would you want to like throw away all the years that have invested for, and after that's obviously failing already. They've only been on three and a half weeks or four weeks, whatever it's been. And they're already failing. There are people are quitting and they got two markets off the deal. And I just don't see it going anywhere. The checks are bouncing. Have you ever worked for an organization like that before? I guess. No, I have more for one. No, it goes. I want to go. I want to go. I want to go. Then I'll just go back to the hotel. Okay. That's the only primary thing. They clear if you can get a hold of it. One of the odds is Randy gets back at West Palm before the end of the year. I say pretty good. Listen, my nomination for guy who was you would, I think you would appreciate this. Jim Brown. Jim Brown. The original militant. You mean the one that's got two boats on a full right now? Oh, is the he already on there? Don't feel bad. I know. Then I'll switch it over and I'll say. All charpentines. He's only got forty seven boats. What about... Oh, he has a John Tom and coach at Georgetown. John Tom and coach at Georgetown. Okay, they have never great day, pal. Wow. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pound. Well, listen. I got one for you. Another athlete. Okay. Before a Josh's time, they'll build Russell. Great, great self-acuperstar, Bill Russell. I mean, he was just, I don't know. He was a real. Oh, and I got another one for you too. Okay. Yeah. I can't think of his name though. They call him the grape. I don't want to say it. It's bad. Basketball player. What was his name? That is Rodman? Not Dennis Rodman. Wild. Oh, good God. The facts is a better start coming in. Okay. We're not going to sleep all the night. How's that possible? New York, Nix. The grape. Eight. Green up, do it to bar. No. CM. I'm sitting on a sports station. Okay. On a sports station. I'm going to go. But it's a man you are. I. You go up there. Curtis. Well, like recently. Pat, there you go. What would you be like recently like there? You're talking Bill Russell and you then you say the Nix. Well, there you go. It was Patrick. You and your course didn't Patrick. You didn't play for the Nix. Yes, he did. But so what are we talking about here? I'm not even follow the NBA, Mr. Different time to know it. No Bob Koozy from Bob Pettit. How do you like that? That's what you know about basketball. All you know is this crap we got now to slam a jam a crap. Anyway, Patrick, you ain't put him on there. And spell it right. What's he partly? You and family what was that show? That was five five six seven. Oh five six to the ethic in J R used to be pretty tight. Oh, speaking of J R. Have you seen that you don't read the tambores? What's his name? Larry. Um, for it played J R. Who Larry Hagley. Larry Hagley. He is talk about Haggard. He is like a virgin. In the choir, they've had him dying for months now. He just he just had a liver transplant not too long ago. And that'll deliver just to spit out all the onions and vacances. Forget about this one. Good new one. That's his 12 liver. And he and he turned it down. He said, now I'll just give it up. Somebody else better get to liver. All right. I'm just throwing in the towel. W Q A and hello Q A M. Two wait, you lose W Q A and hello. How about Mike Tyson? Mike Tyson. How about Mike Tyson? I'm actually if I looked on there. I'd find this is always my favorite part. He's only got it as a votes. So it's good to mention again. See, I guess it's my band. I should just keep reading this list over and over again. So then, but otherwise, it's no fun because the audience when people who they like to go, like that, say why are they dumb? Which of these people best gets the description of two black Louis Ferrican 57, Nian Dion Sanders 52, Al Sharpen 47, Jesse Jackson 42. So the top four there all within like N spike Lee 39, the top five. They got a shot. 50 cent 20, Johnny Cochlan 15, Mike Tyson's got a dozen. I think I just said that. OJ's got nine, Mike 118, our senior hall five, Brian Cox five, Bobby Brown. He's knocking her down. He's got four. Done Kings got only three. How's that possible? Allen keys three. How come? Oh, yeah. Allen keys. We didn't even discuss him. Wow. There is one self-hating piece of turret. Allen keys. Mr. Goodie two shoes right wing. I'll tell you another one. I don't know what his name is. Is it, uh, armistrawn, are we? You know something like that? Something like that? You know what I'm talking about? The right way. Black guy that's on the talking. It shows all the time with the little goofy glasses. How much did they be paying him? Oh my god. All mighty. Uh, let's see. Allen keys has got, uh, what does he got? Three. Don King three. We'll Smith two, Miriam, all of a fan two, Jim Brown two. Bishop Curry's got two. He's a skinny guy. Bill Cosby one. Chuck D's got one. Warren Cromarty. The crow's got one. Sammy Davis two new go one. And no votes yet. None. Zero for any Murphy. Warren sat. Star Jones. They'll wrestle Patrick. You can just went on 339. So now we got lesson. Let's see. It's 140. I've heard you're Mars what like 22. Less 10. Twenty one hours and 50 minutes away. Not that we're counting. That's right. A lot of history. A lot of psychosis going on because this is a, uh, well, first of all, it's the first book to come after all this stuff that's going on. First book after Steering got taken off by Chief Channel after Big One or six through in the towel. And all this stuff plus of course, Moes got that bad January. Absolutely. You know, see if he can make the big come back the Moe and Gildy show or of course if not, well, then especially with Steering Beat Off here, we might have to start putting our heads together and think of something really good to put on the morning. You know what I'm saying? What do you say it? I'm saying, hey, Moe. Bye. Absolutely. Bye. And speaking of Moe when I'm a hair replacement is bad man, everybody laughs at you. When you got one of them animals crawled around on your head, people are can say, what a silly looking, who that is? You can only spot a bad her piece, but how many good ones go unnoticed because Charles Hough here has been designing and supplying great looking her systems to show biz people. And ordinary guys like you, for more than 35 years, he's appeared as a guest on Good Morning America that today show CBS Morning News, introducing his patent to the hair system that offers you the most amazing natural hairline system in the universe. Now the most critical area of any hair system is the hairline. In other words, like it looks like it's grown out of your scalp, then it's okay. If it looks like something's crawling around up there, 8 okay. And Charles Hough here is new skin like hair system is so great. Look him, it is 100% un-detectable. And Charles gives you this guarantee. It tries his hair system for 30 days. Not 30 minutes. And after a month, if you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells, if you're not getting caught at by men moving and everything that moves even animals, return it for a full refund. And Charles also services and repairs existing hair systems, including shampoo and trim. So don't delay call Charlie today and get yourself a great look and piece. Look better and younger than you ever dreamed to put again. Call toll free 1-800-3-2-1-2413. Forget that cue wall. Look forget the mollo. Do want to look like that. Make that call today 1-800 3-2-1-2413 or check them out on the web at CharlesAlphiore.com. Want a lollipop little boy? Do want to earn any. I offer feed so let's let his remun. Hello, I'm Jack Perkins. Join me for a look at the legacy of African Americans who contributed to the black culture of today. Answer Marley. Rob's vaguely. Slapy white. Eddie Anderson. Vasco Leigh Brown. Chelsea Brown. Rodney Island Ribby. Eugene Robinson. Tim Moore. Mo Fly. Shirley Ampil. Not Fed Codell. Large Milton Jacobs. Melbourne or Melbethos. Lo-Wanda Pays. Sam Bowle. Jacky Bat. Selena. Buckwheat. Step and fragile. Erkel. Irness Bean. Wade. God-free Cambridge. Whitman Mayo. Butterfly McQueen. Johnny Brown. It made Markham. Willie Tyler. Gagnlester. Call this month on A&E. I'm starting to get pretty good at that. You know that one finger deal? Yeah, good. Man, I think only you and I and Boca Brian are the only three people in the world and nobody said in their Jackie A. Jackie Mo is what he said. I didn't know his Jackie Mo. I didn't even know Jackie Mo was blank. I thought it was doing. That's what your good friend Jackie Lee used to say. I didn't know his Jackie Mo. I see you didn't forgotten what was in there, didn't you? I know I didn't forget. I didn't either. Thank goodness. 567.05.60. Pound 560 on the AT&T. All the bleeps. All the time. Why do you want to be one of these? Why do I always have a couple of these? Because nobody can say nothing no more in American public just sits back. Oh yeah, whatever you say, master. Anything you say, master. Very submissive. Just to cave and write on in. Whatever they tell us. See in our case we want the money. So I don't keep a crap. What they tell us. If they want us to play four hours of that, you're easy. They're coming on an endless loop. No problem. Just make sure those textuals close to one time would be nice for the accounting bitch. WDQAM hello. Yeah. You missed a JJ Walker. JJ Walker. We got him on there right now because you said it. Thank you. JJ Walker. Yeah, he's annoying. Very annoying and very that whole actor is very offensive. In fact, you would note not well. I don't know. Go back to like Amos and Andy. All those stereotypical black folks that run. I like Esther role. What about her? Did we put her on there? No. No. Too black. That whole show. Good times. I think that was bad times for the black folks. Good times. She's still dead by the way. Esther role. How about a QAM hello? I mean, not me for your list today. Yes, sir. Chris Rock. Okay, we'll put him on the regret reluctance. He says Chris Rock. We like Chris Rock a lot. But he's I can see where he's coming from. He's pretty black. Yeah. My I don't mean just literally. I mean in every sense of the word. He's when Chris Rock comes out. You don't have any doubts. So here's a black comic. And I'm not just a guy that's funny. See what I'm saying? What do you say? No. I don't know. Just put him on there. I came happy. WDQAM hello. Deal. Yes, sir. I got one for the poll. All right. What the daddy? Puff daddy is a magnificent choice. In fact, he's making a comeback now. He's pretending to be an actor. Oh, man. He blows. He just makes me want to gag. I'm so glad we got him on to be for the show ended. He did he? He sure put it on there. He did he? We're gonna come and bitch slap you Josh. Party put puff. Well, I'm sure that I'm sure careful straight in that after protect your, you know, your future. Wait to hear this story speaking of that. Virus talking the Vegas strip. The Centers for Disease Control has been helping Las Vegas deal with an outbreak of gastrointestinal illness. Too bad we can't play those other sound. I'm playing some of that. Gastrointestinal illness is the pain of the cruise industry and of course anybody goes on a cruise. They deserve whatever they get. Josh, you ever go on a cruise? No. Don't. George, they'll talk about those gambling cruises to know where for whatever they are. Or something like that. Yeah. Don't. Okay. Gastrointestinal illnesses of structural Las Vegas gambling district. One casino hotel received 1660 complaints of such illnesses between December and last week. And outbreak that drove the attention the Centers for Disease Control. The California hotel casino where get and every word heard of it. Gaston Gamers became ill was asked to sanitize diced twice per eight hour shift and chips and coins at least once a week. So David Tonelli spokesman for Nevada Clark County Health District. These hotel systems are where you were two years ago. David for any chief of the Centers for Disease Controls. Vessel sanitation program told the annual meeting of cruise industry executives today at Port Everglades. A lot of people are learning what you did two years ago. CDC officials have been helping Vegas deal with the outbreak in local health department or specific meeting soon with casino hotel representatives to discuss public health concerns. Over the past few years, cruise lines have reported to the CDC several thousand cases of gastrointestinal illnesses including the Norwalk virus or Norow virus aboard chips, followed from the outbreaks as well as from the war in Iraq put a considerable dent in the now recovering travel business. Las Vegas health officials noted that not all of the 1660 complaints of gastrointestinal illness at the California hotel casino were confirmed as Norow virus. The outbreak in the hotel casino blocked from the Vegas to reach the peak in March and appears to be on the wane. Well that's a good news. It's waning in Vegas which nobody cares because they're all going to stay inside anyway which is what they want. They don't want you to go outside. They don't want you ever to leave. They want to get you an air like locked the doors from the inside from the outside. Keep your locked ass locked in. And that basically what they want? Yes. It's fun. It's a lot of fun. I'm not going back but it's tremendous. Oh gee, how can you say that you go try and Josh's going there. This coming month, right? Yeah very soon. He's going very soon to Vegas. Gonna have a wonderful time. Losers asked. And that'll be it. But he'll come back all smiles here to your oil. It was great. And he's right. It's a lot of fun. I'd rather take somebody else's money and lose it. But you know get very badly. Okay. So here's the time. I'm not going to get married. I'm not going to Vegas again. And if I lose anybody's money, how about Greg Reed? A couple of many won't be good. Small but it's small change to him. Look at that race. We got Lewis Ferrican 61. Dion Sanders 56. L sharp in 48. Spike Lee 45. Jesse Jackson 45. We got a five way race man. Fly and look all over here. Sports video 56 is you a few a year. Back in the day when someone done a strong we didn't take their cry. In Pearl Harbor, or when the jobs dropped their bonds. We bummed them bad. And now the Saudis, they hit us high. And on our cards our little flags wait. As the Saudis love and recharge voice of honors the wrong way. Who is he? What's a few thousand innocent lives stop living in the past? If you want that SUV to drive, you're going to need more gas. It's the greatest country in the world. They train us to Louis. And anyone who says that obviously and before to be. And I'm embarrassed to be in America where we take three hours of heat. We have a flag and would ask with our hand in the sand. And blindly follow the powers that we have a set take. Watch the stage for news on the 65 inch screen. Scratcher five everything's okay. Anyhow, we got a minute to go ahead and we got current Stevenson for half hour than a Marlins man in Colorado. Then a wild series, a lot of run scoring. 13 to 10 a last last night Delbans back today am I right or what? Yeah, I was really whipped up a butter right. But you talk about Marlins man Marlins that stuff. I'll speak it of wrapping up the flag and stuff like that. For many Iraqis, it was the final insult again and again. They expressed outrage yesterday that Iraq's US appointed an unlected leaders at overnight abolished the older Iraqi flags seen by most of Iraqis as the symbol of their nation and chosen a new one. A new and creative way to piss off the Iraqis. Aren't we doing a hell of a job? We're liberating it. What gives these people a right to throw away our flag to change a symbol of Iraq, asked Salah, building contractor, normally moderate public political opinions. It makes me very angry because these people are putted by the Americans. I will not regard the new flag as representing me but only traders and collaborators. And as a team and I do like the mashed haters. Anyway, let's see, the pull is tight man. Get on a hop on that pull and vote today. We got to really five way you're raised. It's going somewhere. Tomorrow 11 30 tomorrow. Man, get your, uh, protects all puckered up. It's going to be a hell burner. Bye bye. I'm a man, man, man, man, man, man. Manny Ramirez.