Who says my daughter and I think she is anyway Now news about CBS News the documents reported to show that George W. Bush received Carporting to treatment during these years in the Texas National government at the time CBS News and this reporter Who we believe the documents were Jimmy? Why did CBS News miss me this? Why did CBS News tell something that is not true? CBS News should not have been CBS News By July to CBS News Like CBS News, the light to a slide to a CBS News By CBS News, the role known for trying for several years now to just quit it Present which is military service record that will don't change The failure of CBS News to properly fully scrutinize the documents and the service Let to our carrying the documents when we should not have done so It was in the six CBS News, the light to a slide to a CBS News By CBS News, the light to a CBS News, the convox We got some good stuff on a beating cream today or a what man? That recommend for an offensive line. This is going to get much more offensive than that. Jennifer calmly each your heart out It or what? Talk about the old part out You'll ask to ask back them to back them that is a beautiful thing Anyway, so another one we and that's like a little bonus today, right? Lots of boobie traps on our be the curtain you must be over the age of 18 have 45 signatures from adults over the age of 75 And you must hope that John asked coffee is looking the other way for just a big moment So you can take a peek a Quick peek that is Especially none of the fact that I still beat the bait baby. Oh, yeah As John Edward is going to mop up the floor with that crumogene old man That's silly old cool. I would be surprised if Cheney's pacemaker I like to give out random little bit of bait when I'd be great I'm having just things when that be a beautiful thing But now you should be making sounds like that because it makes it sound like you're serious. I'm just a fun and well What's up? 1500 plus votes on yesterday's pool which was okay. I In the beginning I thought the pool may have been did it a love it but it was okay It kept in busy on a Monday. Okay Well, listen, I got to have a little diversion because all those dolphins are there and I had to break the news to your clearest But the season's over okay everybody's already thrown in the towel It's a crying towel at this point and they just don't give a flying crap anymore, but then they got the pants as good for her too And we get to that little bit later on That makes you be forgive the poor result about my financial guy. All right, all right. We do both breaks or what? I sure want to Okay, well that kind of short and things that are down a little bit here And while I'll get don't let me forget to talk about my financial guy build was very good with my finances with making me money But on the other hand is one of those self-hating right wing people I'll think you're good for get since you pretty much have it stop talking about it since you say yeah well when you're morning starts out But eight o'clock in the morning get a call and you're talking about your finances not all of a sudden he's segues into a thing Oh, listen a little of your show yesterday. What time are you want again? You know, oh brother It's amazing. This guy all the years have been well about three or four years now. I've been business with this guy I know idea who I am what I do. What's his show is all well? You've got a worst at language and very consider about the language And maybe you ought to want to debate Bill O'Reilly and I know you're leaning toward Kerry Yeah, I'm leaning toward Kerry right And then he goes into a song to dance about well a bush is gonna make a big comeback and Bill O'Reilly this and It's said or any rate if set out of the year again when mattress chain stores and showrooms when their phony sales events Columbus Day sales You don't want to deal sounds too good to be true and of course when that happens it usually is It's the classic wait and switch technique making a tempting offer to get people and then aggressively upsell them What you need to pick up the phone right now call one This is a beauty in fat boy call 1 800 mattress that's the number for dial mattress They're proud to carry see the posture feet if that's the number on brand and mattresses is Call 1 800 mattress later get factory devices on all silly posture fetus when you call 1 800 mattress You get same day delivery all across our Florida and of course by calling 1 800 mattress was having Doing for a long time now you choose from the deepest and wide selection of silly betting All available for same day delivery you picked a date into our window for living if you're scheduled when you're gonna be there and guess what they show up Everybody around QA and all the smart people I know call 1 800 mattress for their betting instead of wasting all that time and effort and gas getting all swed up in the human nasty South Florida climate and Just get ripped off don't do that just sit there on your fat old ass make the one easy call first if you want you can log on their website Macris dot com if you give McCall right now They might be there by the end of the day have a great sleep tonight and for years to come out a great city Pactrphi-de-bid from dialometres 1 800 mattress 1 800 mAT dr ES Are you sure hey Then should power the nor Hover's over this performance by the dog You can make people do anything zero-frame In a day as technique action close all the air force in the United States All commercial airlines for having was around it when we had some airplanes of authorized at the highest level subargum To pick up a summerman loud and standing on burst contrast working out of this country Little was a lot of corporations deciding the whole the time The figure out how much money you need Well Well Okay the Congress passed the Street Act without even leaving. It's still down right now. We don't read most of the bills. No one read it. I'm not a person. This is my heart. I'd like to read you to do as I read it at the end. I have the evil soul. I'm a person. I'm a co-in-ghostie. I'm a person. I'm a part of the street of small town in America. Two of these works are flying. And the people are flying. They're in front of the crowd. And the hair walks. Some people are easily. I call you my base. It's a true story. The only two of them are true mine. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I go to one of these. Through everything I can. To stop these characters. Now watch the drive. Hey, baby. We're waiting for for a long time. I'd be hitting my car right now going and buying it. A whole bunch of copies. Stop turning me off. Over the EVB. It sounds today. Michael Morford and I 911. Which I got a fact about. That he was in Orlando with the Gatorland. I mean, in Gainesville. And also in Orlando. But Gainesville, last night. Speaking of the Ascent and Rutherford Center, I can't read there. Whoever sent that. I appreciate the effects. Yeah. I can't read the straw. And anyway, we'll get to it. So if you're not there today, per night and I 11 it's got the whole bunch of footage that wasn't in the original movie. If they didn't have time for. And some updated stuff. And they were loving. And what I would do is I'd run around the neighborhood and get in some bunch of undecided people. Maybe even some Republicans. What? I was excited people. I'm sorry. And I would get a butterfly net. Which is perfect for the. Get a butterfly net and drag him into a big, gigantic hall and just do the time all up like with duct tape. You probably have a lot of duct tape left over since Tom. Ridge got all whipped up about all in terrorist alerts. So take that some night left over duct tape. Or maybe something to hurricanes. And a time up to a chair and then take some toothpicks and property eyelids open and force it and watch it. And then my change to altitude would seem to me. But of course, some of them are going to be a little bit dumber than dirt, which is right up where she's alley. Anyway, 1500 and some on votes. Who best fits this description? So, everybody who's death was least noted. Somebody who just didn't get no respect as much as they should have. Carol O'Connor, that was my pick and how do you like that old RT bunker winds up? 211. I mean, he's one of the most important pieces of American culture. Am I right about that? Pop culture? Americana Pop. Right. There you go. And he, you know, he died. And I guess part of it was because of the fact that he went to the latter part in his life with the sun and the drugs and the lawsuits and all that. It was kind of like an ugly nasty mess, you know? Yeah. Didn't go out well. No, he did not go out well. But nevertheless, he went out. Carol O'Connor, 211. More Howard, not the one you're thinking of. Oh, don't do it. I'm sure that's what they had in mind. Even though he was just hoping he would die. I'm guarantee it. Although we're not against it, just but all the other dolphin games he's probably thinking. I'm dying out of the hair. Yeah, something like that. Wouldn't you think so? Absolutely. I'm speaking to that. Don't forget we get that. Highlight. Oh, yeah. You can drop it in right now. We're back to throw. Strip away from the sack. Looking for running rope and his drop and all the ball. He's fumbled it. You can get throw it backwards. This is absolutely pitiful. What was he thinking? Fever is dumb and they want to have his dumb. He's pounding. He should have taken the founded off of there. Yeah, that occurred some of us. Yeah, but we better not do that because then we might have some problem with Harvey Greene and Fudge Brow Cookie Brown. I do want to organize this. Since they tend to be very uptight. If you have noticed this sports organizations are always very uptight. Bristle. Yeah. Suggestion of any criticism or the fact that they may be less than perfect. But I think that this dolphin team is as anyone since 72, 72, had a chance to be perfect. This would be the one. Oh, yeah. They got a shot. They got a shot. Right. He didn't give me my degree with that. And then, of course, rate for steel, mice, or heat coated in the paper today. Well, we're not going to like just give up on the season. We're going to win some games before this is over. Don't bet on it, Rick. Anyway. Oh, I'm all Howard David. Did you worry about that? No, not that one. Mohourid from three scooges. 163. But I know who they had in mind. Oh, do, do, do, do, do. Exactly one-on-one. And I'm so inspired by her and her friends' appadded. So well and deservedly so by the way. Hey, man. The amp's playing a little bit of that. And that was it. Oh, he'll be at the heart of 86. Charles Branson's 78, Marlon Brando's 67. And in honor of Marlon, we got to have like a little... You can't talk to me! Yeah, I can't talk to you! Something. Jan, very 60 of Jan and Dean. I'm just shocked. And probably most people didn't realize Jan very croaked. How do you like that? I mean, I can Jan, very from Jan and Dean. Surf City. Yeah, yeah, yeah. There were things that were fun. They were okay. They were part of the whole surfing thing. Rachel's 58. Don Cox, 57. Please, do you see that? I mean, I still can't get over that. You know, there's some people who died and you just didn't care. Remember that one at heart? It was surreal. I just couldn't believe it. I mean, granted he didn't exactly take good care of himself. But easy E 57. Dave Thomas and Wendy's 55. Put that burger down day. Come on, before it's too late. To the cool A. All of Janists and Sinecruz, each had 50. Bob Keeshin, in fact, the overseeing together. Bob Keeshin and John L. 47 of free squared we hines 43. George Harrison 35. Nice sweet warlord. Very white 35. James 34. Jack Lamon 29. I'm not playing push to button max. David Rinkley 26. Roy the boy, Auberson 25. Julius Child 20. Thus, he earned as Lucy had 20. Chris probably 17. Fred Rogers, the theme and John Ritter only had 9. He made a big sin of Savothas. He had Sinecruz in a banana. That's okay. They made a real big deal out of that. Quite frankly, number one, I didn't really care for him. Number two, I think he was rather small potatoes. This is first to compare to most of the other people on list. But whatever. 10. 57 at 5. 60 WQA. And right now, Armstrong for the homestead is doing everything they can to clear their lots and solve each and every remaining O4 on the line. Here are some of the great deals they've cooked up for. In O4 F150, pick up your greatest debunk of win boys. You offer explorers you pay dollar over in boys, Rangers, Croundex, Tourists' focuses all waiting for you at just one dollar over in voice only. At Armstrong for the homestead. Plus Armstrong for the offer is more valued with slow customers. When you buy a Ford from Armstrong for you get their exclusive tires and batteries for like program, that is correct. Tires and batteries for life. And the value you get at Armstrong for does not even stop right there because right now, you get a few slow to some pass when they be a pretty vibe. If you press your time Armstrong for those you time is valuable, so come and shop by phone 305 247 51 12. How much you're looking for and they'll hook you up. Believe in living that new V4 right to you. Armstrong for the homestead. Look at him. Don't forget to like family. You won't get a better deal anywhere in town on your Ford. No bait and switch. No phony deals. Armstrong for the homestead. They're located at 307 25. Stop fixing highway. Just 20 minutes out to be at 36. Check them on the web at armstrongcars.com. And then travel a little bit and save a whole lot on that new Ford only at Armstrong for the homestead. I'm listening. We have a different point of view. Now very certain things are like stars through. I'm dead. So I'm dying out of the air. I'm alive. So I'm dead. She's true. She's true. I'm not so bad. I take it out of the view. Here we are. I'm sitting on so gay she's the winner. I know that you can't help but see you. I'm alive. I'm alive. I'm alive. I'm alive. Who's that she's calling? What the hell is her? Where did she stay? Where did she go? She's your father. Where did she go? She's your father. Here's your family. You won't need a dad. You're a father. You've been like this. You've been like this. The level 3 at 5, 60WQAM. We've got the man who'll be two, the hover at four. The big 7 is all the name with guilty. It seems like these days. Well, what can I say about that? Let's say the better. It indicates 10 and I know more Marlon games season be over. Not bad. Yeah, this project actually says. I bet your Josh is going to really miss having a like pump up Dave and boring for his Marlon home broadcast. Have a visit to their side by side. Now do you get to eat free in a press box too? All with Dave resets us for the important people. Oh, well, it's not free. Do you have to pay for it? Yeah. 7 phone. No. Oh yeah. Well don't start bugging about it because Hank got to spend it once for that. The first suspension on QM was allegedly for belly aching about the crappy food in the Pressbox Navi to pay for it and PPP Park. Oh, I don't know. I wouldn't be a crossing at line. Of course also the real reason was the fact that Hank was bitching out the screwing into the water not see. Well, half of that problem's gone anyway. Are we the curtain that a Charlotte Lewis born? That's a great picture by the way. Or are you a hornon dog's out there? You really need to get on the beat of curtain right now before it's 2A before it gets so hot on there that they won't even able to get on it. Or into it or near it. Can we be able to sniff it? She was born August 7, 1967 and Kensington London in the UK. And she was selected as one of the best bodies for the 90s by shape magazine. I never heard a shape magazine of you. Yes. You did? Yeah. Well, you would. You got all that stuff. Yeah. What a jackass. What is that mouth there? You know he did. See that's the thing. Thank God for people like how he's an actually like you guys. A lot of people just bring stuff on on there and if I'm not there they wouldn't give you the time and day. But nevertheless, although ponytail probably bring you some food if you want it. Yes, he would. Some that find queues in. Right. Anyway, her photography, hey DJ, that's completely but not out yet. Henry the fifth, the tenth. Henry the tenth. Every dog has its day. And mutual. What kind of a movie was that I wonder? Mutual needs never hope lose the glass cage. Do I chew that? Six. I'm how I met my husband. The boy embraces the vampire men of war. Looks like camera says it for a storyville sketch artist. Yes. The boy embraces the vampire is the one where listen a lot. It also gets very naked and they do lesbian things together. They're the vampires and they embrace. Okay. The most rotten die reason. Brace of the vampire. I just mentioned. Very essential is trip wire broken badges. Rob no guillito. Whatever it had was. Why? Because it was a dragon. Ragnol guillito. The golden child, the pirates and the green shield. And on TV, she's a bunch of stuff that you don't care about. Richie, die. We have stuff like that. Okay. Here's the poll today. And I left some very obvious ones out that Josh can't even write now already. Burnt in Cummings. Okay. I'll be guess who. Is there any dollars of pause there? You don't think so? Of course I do. Well you all time favorite kid, 80 and celebrity. Already go to. What about Leslie Wilson? What about him? Well how come I didn't put him on there yet? Drugs? Here's the list we got so far. John Candy. Money Hall. Line only old for us to vote for money hall. I gave you book a bribe. I'll do that. Celine Dion. Anne Marie. My Amir's. Have you heard of the man, baby? Mike Myers. Jim Carrey William Schatter. Neil Young. Martin Short. Is Martin Short. You bet you sweet ass. Lauren Green. Aver Levine. Ragnol. Ragnol. Green. Bert and coming to Leslie. Yes. That's a pretty good group. I first started. Is there any thing? Lauren Green. No, I'm not. I'm saying Lauren. L.R. N. E. I'm not saying Lauren. Make sure. Why? You think his name was Lauren? No, it sounded like you said Lauren. No, I did not say Lauren. Why are you really? Since you started drinking all that crap coffee from that BTS today. I don't have a recording. Man, oh man. You're in fact distilled there. The after effect. No, it's you. What does this say? Oh, this. You talked a bit about the echo boomer type casting that the Eastern corporate syndicate is creating. This is this fact regarding the references to these kids buying brand names since he's delighted. It's a trend to accompany buying airtime within the programs rather than buying traditional commercial slots to theory being that people switch channels of commercial breaks. This way we're effectively trapped in dehoring their brand names within the programming. Oh, yeah. Well, it's like what they do to pay the elegant movies for their opening up a piano coke or any other, you know, they're shaving with a big. I'll be depending on what you're doing. You know what I'm talking about. That's a very good point. Yeah, it's just more of that bull crap more to brainwashing the manipulating of the public. Oh, but you're a generation wire. You're a baby boomer. You're a jackass. Okay, whoever's saying this crap. And by the way, Bill, I will not watch my line. Which is not doing whatever it is I want to do. But I'll take care of my money and stop trying to, you know, it's amazing to me. How am I? Everybody I know. Everybody wants to run the program. They got what you should do this. You shouldn't say that. Everybody's the next one. I've been including normal can't who wants to know if he has any ratings on FTO on a set of any morning show. The answer to normal. No, get something done for me. Okay. Instead of this sick twisted ego problem that you got, man, you're about as a sexual as a dead frog. Is that a fact? Some of the dead frog just started looking pretty good. How does up here? I'll be a true dog looking. I want to know to bad. Let's take him out of the pole. Right, sir. Do you hear this story? This, in fact, this kind of like time is fits right in with our B.D. You've written FTO today. The Rick Wimperna offensive line kind of fits right in, if I can say that. Well, while you hear it, you'll understand the drift of this. We're just being our Australia. Hundreds of airline passengers suffered disruption of their travel plans. When a major regional airport will shut down for an hour after a humming and vibrating adult sex tour was made to it mistaken for a bomb. A little bomba. The vibrated was discovered about 9.15 Sunday morning by security officer, which actually says, fishes, package. I've seen since this vicious package is my time. I don't want to hear about it. Inside a rubbish bin at the terminal cafeteria of McKay Airport in the northeastern state of Queensland, the police folks will even sit. The terminal was evacuated immediately while passengers would just arrive from a flight, check and staff, cafeteria employees and higher car personnel, higher car for the. Great. We're all forced to leave. Canbryers, I believe, is what they're trying to say in their district. But this is in the summer, something. Some awesome thing. Cavatory manager Lynn Brian said are staff having trewing tables when they know strange humming noise. Coming from the rubbish bin. Maybe it was a humming. It was around the risk concerning when the rubbish bin started humming furiously, she said. The rubbish bin was humming. Furious. Oh, and a back in the day I had a great idea. But then we'll be using an alcoholized juice. It's real out of sorts. We call security next to everybody was being evacuated while they checked it out. The police spokeswoman said another two flights were expected to land at that stage and alternate arrangements were being made for passengers to collect their luggage away from the terminal. From the runaway vibrator. If you said the emergency situation would be evoked as before 10am on the package was identified as an adult novelty device. Brian said the time of the appeal of the airport had been quite busy with two main flights to in and out of the airport, making havoc with people's schedules, nothing like you will in and out of the airport. If you said in retrospect the humming sounded exactly like a vibrator, but it was better to be safe than sorry. You can't afford to take chances. As an interesting that she knew exactly what vibrator saw the light. I just mentioned that in passing. No self-respecting woman doesn't know what a vibrator sounds like. That doesn't mean they've ever used one or actually held in their hand. No self-satisfaction woman knows what I mean though. So when I hear this stuff, facts about the immaculate more of parents in games real last night. And I can barely read this because it's probably scratch up. But with the best intention, very scrawny, scratchy. Spire report from Gainesville, Michael Moore was here last night speaking at the something of the same way full house, something like 2,000 people had to be turned away. Had the local people there promoted at all, they probably could have filled the stadium. Whatever it is called, Ben Hill, Griffin, is that what it is called? What's the name of that stadium up there in Gainesville, the Gators Stadium? All right, no idea. Well I mean, you know, there is like, there is like, there is like, there is like, there is like, there is like, there is like, there is like, there is like, there is not up to stuff with this fourth nerd stuff. What we are talking about is, you are very upset about that. It says there were that many people that could have filled the football stadium. It says, look like a lot more than 2000. Anyway, Michael Moore was great. Rip Bush and asked from the debate, new notes from Iraq and clips of new footage from his Fahrenheit 9, 11, BBD, which is out today, gotten get several copies by the way. Pass it out to all your neighbors. Very few bushes out there too, perhaps there is so far away. Somebody who is like, I can't make some question. Read the thank you very much. I'd be like that. Now let's take a quick peek at the first John Candy 25. Lots of surprising is it? Your favorite Canadian celebrity of all time. Mike Meyers 13 is Neil Young 12, Jim Terry 10, William Chatter 6. See William Chatter, not to see anything in the star track, which is fine. But William Chatter, I just think of as those spots he's done right where he has grown beyond. What was the something dot com? Price line. They are very good. See if it's not to do with sports. You know, it's price line dot com. And then of course there's awful albums he puts on. He's a funny guy. Yes, he is. That's what his first life thought. You know, before she drowned. It is the bubbles were coming up from down. But he died. He just went to the last one. He was Chuckman and Chortlin and choking. William Chatter 6, Avala mean four, Leslie Neilson 2, love Leslie Neilson. He's great. Especially when he used to come on the late night TV talk, she had incredible. Oh, you know, something that was about a hundred years ago. He said that we'll fart maker and his a pocket. Remember that? Fart. Yeah, he used to make fart sounds. And that was about 80 years ago. And that's how much progress we're making in America. Not anyway, Martin Chort 2 and Murray's got 2 and Boyle Boyle, but she's got a big period. Not what you're thinking either. Maybe you are. Martin Chort 2, so he'd be on one body hall one. Burton comes to the guest who and Lauren Green have none of the first 94 votes. And that is unbelievable. I'm going to play guest who music all the way to a clock. I'm so porked up about that. Yeah, something I bet you 90% of the audience wouldn't know. Burton coming from Robert Cummings. You're right. You're right. What a joke. How is that possible? They know that Dave Matthews band. But guess who, forget about that. That's for all folks like you guys. Yeah, old fights. 11 13 at five. Just do we can't even not only can we not cut old fights. We certainly can't play him on a year. Okay, so let's not talk about that because you know who will get. Very upset. They get upset pretty easy over there. Really uptight now to sit. That's why we're hearing how it's doing. Show in the morning. Hey, when you shop for quality footwear, there's only one name that should pop in your mind immediately. And that's brand issues in pop at home. If brandies will find the biggest lesson in the human shoes, the best service to best price in town, period if they are unbeatable. Like I said, unbeatable. At brandies who find top body names, they got them all. They got floor shine, rock, sports, SAS, very similar naturalizer. And all the other top names that you know and love and want to have on your feet. And with their gigantic selection, you can get Greg Weed's life out of that. They were never going to say, you're sorry, Mr. or man or whatever you are. We don't have that style on your size. It's on the shelf. It's ready to slap on your fat feet and you walk on them in real comfort and style. Brandies is often daily Monday to Saturday from 9 to 9 every Sunday, 10 to 5 and you'll find them at the same great location. They've been doing things right for a very long time. 1290 North Federal Highway and Palpatobies. It's always worth the trip no matter where you live. And right now is a great time again this week to buy rock sports. Which is about everybody loves because it brandies. All great men's of women's rock, rock, sports shoes this week are 20% off. Come out of the store or check them online at brandieshues.com. You're listening to Neil Roger. I want to make a full episode of our 566-EU-A-M. It's day-of-day by Andy Tows. Sure. At 566-EU-A-M. What in the world is what these child star kids? The cool cool white color absolutely nuts. Gold and gold and gold and gold. Gold and gold and gold. The musk and the other. Gold and gold. She may not be eating. Which race he's buying with the drinking. Gold and gold and gold and gold and gold. He kills but McCalley had no prescription. Sure. He was home alone. Now he's knocked him by the storm. The trail, the trail, the trail. He's stopped your booze in. And gold, gold, booze in. Your tree, kick with the back seat. And now, boy. They hurt and bruise and gold and gold. Gold and gold and gold. Gold and gold and gold. Gold and gold. The like the main and heroine. He's a washed up factor. And race he is. Yes she is. Now she is a lousy mother. The hell chained. 119.5.6. He came Alex who, evidently, has some strange taste. And we are a new then Alex. How about how he manned down. Are you know where how he manned was born? Nope. I did the one dance. Good guess. A civil put him under. He's a goofball on. We had a goofball out there. So we had a goofball crowd. He was 100 years ago. A big part of the cannon. I mean, not that there was anything wrong with animal house or cannon. She had to have both fine and very hysterical. But a little overrated by the sports nerd crowd. I've noticed. Yes, I've heard this. Here's what I said. I'd like to know how many Dudley do write his all time Canadian celebrity. And then says, no really how about Pierre Elyotrudeau. Well, first of all, he was a politician who was the prime minister. So we're not looking for politicians, even though he was a fine gentleman. And a stranger kind of a, I don't know, a curmurgeon. But also Dudley do write would be fine if there were really such a person. But there's not. We love Dudley do write. As a matter of fact, you know what that makes it that inspires me to want to play right now? I give up. If I can find it, oh here it is. Saturday morning, join. Everyone go to Jemmo's and his bully body. So I'm listening. Oh, what a fat count. Visit ventures. I'll be a rockier and go wake up. DVD DVD. Do you guys need to do the bout to speak? Okay. Give me that crystal ball. I'm kidding. You're breaking me go to the federal type of the bucket. From half day, Paul will help. To them to game your blind rack out to you. And just like your oil, you're a snarling and groom. Ah, ah. And most did your say your square of friend. Oh, Jimmy Wokki. So it over there. It over there. It over there. Cool, nice. Wokki. What do you know about this today? Don't say it to me. Ask my anti-mitting. A-d-o-o. And the aircraft. Who the fuck is this? Join us next time for oil swell that end well. Or kiss your cask and bomb. Hey, most. What's weather forecast for today? Follow me. Uh oh. They're racking them well wiggins. Saturday morning on New Co-Onswers. You know, when I'm off getting the 85 copies of Michael Morn through in Night 9, 11 a day, my nearby video studio, what else am I going to get? I bet you they got to rock you and bowl wiggins. They do it any of your fine, most real, you know, well, I love them. If there was ever a hit on the ground, you'd have to get some of that. That was so cool. Sorry. That's not your countdown. Anyway. So I guess we're all set with you. We have to pull up. We got that fantastic ass to ask. Picture. Work with him for an offensive line. What about the other picture? Are we going to get that one up? Is it up there already? The one with the bushingy, proboscis, the cronopio bush? I don't know yet. Where are the next data? Pintin one. Pintin one. Pintin one. Pintin one. Pintin one. This one. He keeps on lying and lying. He keeps getting longer and the nose too. Prens and a bush stung by the roast of his lead over Senator John Kerry and opposed to Bapools, which evaporated like a puddle of pee. As a abruptly scheduled remainder speech for tomorrow, and hopes of holding Mr. Kerry's mole-mentum, he wants to halt the big mole. In a rare last minute of alteration of the presidential schedule, Mr. Bush has scrapped a plan to talk about medical liability, and instead will give what the White House called a significant speech about the two central issues that can't be in. The war on terrorism and the economy. See, he's not too comfortable out there when he's debating something that knows what to talk about. So we like the state's older one, so we're going to stand there and read the prescripted craft that somebody else wrote. The president was said of eager to read Bap, Mr. Kerry's attacks on such issues. It's especially those that came about during Thursday's presidential debate during that debacle for the right way for these fundamentalist lunatics for these Nazis in training. There's been an attempt by the president's opponent, along Spalsutax and Miss Lee, the American people on these big priorities by House Press Secretary, the Uxia Scott McFell report as a word Air Force One. In case you haven't noticed, I'm leading toward Kerry by the way, George. There are some big differences facing the American people and the president wants to highlight those differences. Careful, I can't. That would be like saying, who, uh, a large ass of them all, well, we know you're leading a little bit toward the Bush, myster, toward the right, right, uh, Bill, get a life. The Kerry campaign was delighted that the Massachusetts Democrats force the president to a reactive mode. Kerry Spalsutman, Phil Singer, ridicule Mr. Bush's assistant to give a major speech which will be delivered in the most fairfinal mania. George Bush has spent the last few months reserting to have truths on the stump. Now he's going the whole way. He said a president needs to be forthcoming and straightforward about his policies in the last few days of an indication when his day speech will be neither neither. So tonight, of course, we got to participate in Cleveland John Edwards and, uh, an internal diptaining. Who's, for my money, he's the biggest crook in the world today. Here's the, I mean, the mafia, the drug, the, uh, escobars, and I'm not talking about Miguel. You can look anywhere in the world. You will not find a bigger crook than Dick Cheney, even if you have Bush and in the same league. And of course, El Presidente, he's too stupid. He's just a facilitator for the big curse, including Cheney. How many times do you think we're going to hear Hallebert in the first five minutes of nice debate? About 30 minutes? At least. And you know it? That I'm going to have to move ahead with this second. Because this is the 800th time that we've heard that the, uh, here you are. See, I review and and Cheney continues even in this moment insisting. Oh, yeah. Well, there's stuff we know that nobody else knows. So there was a tie and he just makes it up as he goes along. He just lie and lie and lie like crazy. And speaking of flip-flop and what about the fact he was important at constitutional amendment to ban flag marriages and then all of a sudden his daughter like your kind of like, they're gave the slap on the ass. He said, okay, whatever you say hunt. Anyway, see, I review finds no evidence. Adam had ties to Islamic terrorists. Oh, my God. A new CIA assessment and this seems to be one of every five minutes. Undercuts the White House's plan that's not almost same maintain ties of Al-Qaeda, saying there is no inclusive evidence that the regime, Harvard, or seven-bit law, and associate, I'll rule with some all the Crowey. The CIA review, which US officials said yesterday, was requested some months ago by the Uxx's Vice President Dick Cheney with a bad ticker. If the latest assessment that called assessment that caused him to present Bush's key testifications for lack US UF legislation of Iraq, the new assessment follows the independent non-government commission's finding that there was no collaborative relationship between the former Iraqi regime and Vidalogna's terrorist network. Let me say it again. No a connection. None zero zippity due to on the one hand. You got a fundamentalist religious rule to take on the other hand. You just got a greedy dictator who wrote a flying crap about that. And you know this over there, and that we're no schmothers under his. So why I am not a Nazi? But now he's really known as art is old. To matter what we're told, you've heard. Get it, Cheney's got a heart that's old. A human hope is done is slow. That's right. He makes the decision. He has the vision. He has the country under his control. While Bush is jogging, this razor's logging. And that's what happens when you're hard to go. And it's full of hope. Get it, Cheney's got a heart that's old. A dynamo. You'll keep on working till his heart is cold. You'll keep pretending that his heart ain't old. And that's what you're trying to make. And it's just 42, 24, I'm sure, for him. And I'm there online polls. See that's a galloping, where the interview like 90 Republicans in 10 Democrats. But on their online polls, like 63 to a 37, think Edwards will do a better job. Be up on old pathetic Dick Cheney. That old, for much of a bad ticker. I would be, I wouldn't be just, please, as punch. If he just likes to throw the floor right in the middle of the bait, just pack it in. Anyway, this, I didn't realize we had so many, I guess I did, but I didn't forget who's some of the more Gordon life foot. Oh, Canadian celebrities, who's your favorite right? You've got to take a ball, baby. More Michaels, not to be confused with Lauren Green and says you're the off an address. Lauren Green must issue grin. Fellow Toronto and you're in Sto producer, certainly in our live. Says the quantum concoco. Also, it says, for the poll, on the one-piece include Dan Acroid, and your favorite secret swisher, Raymond Burr. Well, I'm almost come to get the, uh, premaricent team up, but I'm not gonna, what? Yeah. Do it. Yeah, because you're lazy. Yeah. The thing? Of course there's always Phil Hartman. What Phil Hartman makes the poll two days and row, how do you like that? And the bad news is he still dead, you go Phil. Damn. Look, Phil Hartman. Michael's aphos, I'm not a big Michael's aphos fan. He always seemed kind of like, and never she'd been me out of night. Yeah, for me. Yeah. Yeah. But anyway, he's got that thing. Yeah. He's got that thing. Yeah. Yeah. Well, not only making fun of that. I wasn't you, Conjana Reno shaky. Well, she is. I'm a big Donald. Christopher Plummer. And how could we forget one of my very favorite people in the works. And I had trained. What's wrong with you, man? Right. I'm looking at it right now. Bill and four loader to all and says, but also, this is by the way, the Gator State of Enginesville, Camila referred to as this swamp. I've never been in Ginesville. And you know what? I hope to make it all the way through my life without ever going here. Don't knock it. Why you've been there? They college tell. Yes, indeed. Um, it's the, the, uh, second only to one of the places I can think of to do, I'd say, drink and have sex and pretty much. Oh, I said East Lansing, Michigan. Oh, I've been there. I thought what I was thinking, but yeah. Oh, that's not all we did there. In fact, that's why I'm not totally the story. Is it a hearing live in the East Shaw Hall? Uh-huh. All the Jacksonville and Weshaw. One of the great pastimes, like on the weekends, would be the kids from East Shaw. The kids from Mochaw. We'll get outside and then they would be only to the West Shaw eats Schmidt. And they have a kids from Mochaw. East Shaw eats, I remember what I said. Carefully. Schmidt. So, that is what I said, but you got that Schmidt. Like in Joe Schmidt, you used to be lineback of a lead for it lines. God, these people are one in nitpick. And, oh, you know, I had one mother and she's in the box. Okay? Three months now. As a matter of fact, three months ago today. Oh, I don't like that. It's an anniversary, George. I paid a birthday, dude. Thank you. And my entire life. And now through the action, don't you think you did? I had a whole nagging thing. My entire life almost 62 freaking years now. So, I'm finally relieved to bed. I'd do me a relief to the minimum and she looked a nice long life. And that was enough. George, page is per the thing on the stats page. There are how many people are we. Like, you know, maybe two, two, three. And I'm putting all those important stuff on there every day. And I don't get it. Maybe we're just wasting our time. What do you think? Maybe we should just devote our entire website to pornography. Part 4 point. How to be the curtain. What do you think of that? Borders. But experts say it's impossible to predict just how many. Yeah, we know. They got a lot of time to fill us. All I can tell you about them talking news. No, we're still a lot of time to fill. Anyway, here's the deal. Your all-time favorite Canadian celebrity John Candy 51 Mike Myers 38, Leo Young 28, Jim Terry 28. I'm just reading the top few here. Let's read the news since 21, Bill Schatter in 19. Everybody else single digits. Burton, come here's got four. That's good. Like to see a movement up there. And I told you how I man does. I got a pair. I can't stand how I man do. I'd rather watch that. Got to show on A&E. Ooh, that. I don't think I'm helping you. Can't take back. No. And I don't care if it's got huge ratings. I don't care how many of you punch out those. Because you really need to know. It doesn't. I've just some reason. So John for Locked Tour. Line 9 2 AM. Hello. Hello, how are you doing sir? Pretty good sir. Hey, Neil. I don't think people realize which you're pulled today. Burton Cummings is like the greatest rock vocalist of all time. Right. The guys get you in by the way. The guests who started touring again around 2000-2001. They got like a live video coming out this month with him singing lead. He's almost 60 years old. Yeah. I won't mention again how bad they were with that free concert here last summer after the SRS thing. But yeah, he's great. Where was Burton's singing leader was in the year. Yeah. Yeah. He was there unfortunately. He's a lot of his speed. You know. We all have our days. Yeah, he was probably selling or something. I tell anybody. Let me know. Go ahead. I tell anybody. Share the land. Let's do a whale. We're getting a frog. Go ahead. Go ahead. Step on everything. I'll give you my new order. Okay. I'll give you my new order. No. I'm super new to the end. We need to go now. See anybody that would say that the Dave Matthews band is really neat and really great. They make music which and not when they make good music. They don't make any music. And then say, well, we got to show it. That's for old toads like you guys. That's for old trolls like you. That's for old older. I love you in the past. They wouldn't say that. They would say. Who? Yeah. Like, yes, who? What they really? Well, why is that? I would take with all the oldy moldy station. Of course, probably magic don't play very much. Guess who we'll do they now. Because they have nothing new with the righteous brothers or with building a button. By the foundations. I'm going to say that Bob Hamilton got a program's magic. He needs to be a horse whip. And I know just a guy who would do it to our good friend Richard. I'll bet you anything he would like to get up. One of those big whips from the drivers of the Capitol cars. Just wait a way on Bob Hamilton. Because of the poorest taste in his being in the race. Yeah, that may have been full. What you favorite guests who saw? Oh, it'll be like taking a full. What's your favorite song by the foundations? I bet you'll be a butter couple. Have a chance. I was like the dolphin's having a shot. I'm going to be in but I sure don't. I like the guy. You know, Mike's just said we're going to win some games this year. Well, I doubt it. I wouldn't bet on it. This is five minutes and seven seconds long. Talk about Kills and Leeds Talk Time. But you never wait. You never let the music play to the court. You know, I was all about people in the paper part. I see. Bob just let it go until the break. So we have to do the break. Yeah, miss this. I'm sure you guys. I'm going to talk about this. This is the very. This is the very. See. Wow. What? Now, this is a little preview of the next bit. I had to run button because you know, but that was kind of fun. I like that. Screw the hell out of it. What we can do the break. That'll keep you on your toes. That's what we hear for okay. To get you through these other disloved, very human nasty soft Florida nascent or hurtcains. And all these other horrendous things. And of course, you're going to be pressing dolphin thing. And I know that there are a zittings of people really down and out because those panthers aren't playing. No one ate Chelsea's right. Absolutely. I like yelding. I have talked to you about dry concepts for over 20 years. And this because I've been using them in my home for over 20 years. Nothing has changed during that period of time. There's still a best when it comes to having your carpet furniture or drape for your area. Your wife's jewelry and a rug's all of these things clean. The only name you want to even think about is dry concepts. And don't forget, your carpeting is as bad as your sink when it comes to collecting germs. And so, called dry concepts today, and I'm going to make everything look better but sanitize your home too. Dry concepts is about certified technicians who already know their stuff. You can trust them in your home. And they'll dry clean your carpet. Same idea is, dry clean your clothing. The stains go away. They'll come back. They give even the deep down dirt in the fibers. You're carpet. Beware of those 5.95 per room scans. Most of the carpet cleaning companies got that deal going. But they promise you one thing. And then they give you rip off at the end. With dry concepts, they give you a guaranteed written price before they start the job. And dry concepts uses a rapid drying technique so your carpets are drying just an hour and a half. So, if not just an advertising slogan, it'd be the true. You really can clean the internet tonight. If they're going up for me, they've got to be good enough for you. I guarantee you. The number in date, proud and Palm Beach County toll free. 1-800-248-5071. Nobody know where it does a better than dry concepts. 1-800-248-5071-RUN-WABITS-DRIKE-CONCEFST.COM You all decide that the reasonable grade of the graduate resolutions are rec metalluminationeiling at HDE Bose packet rooms. 3-800-28ọ taylis You won't hurt your head Welcome. In good sacrifice That world Prize,graph, The story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the game, probably not sure about the story of the story. I've done this before now. Yeah, I've heard. What? Huh? OK, talk, I want to fix this. This is how I want to sit here in the doings. Here it goes, Alpen. Well, do I know how to do it or what, man? I know how to do it. Anyway, let's get back to taking a few of these important calls. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6. But before we do that, yeah. The former USU, USU, USU. 7.05. 60. But before we do that, the former U.S. Sevigate Administrator in Iraq says the United States paid a big price for not having enough troops on the ground and the over-the-after the overthrow of Sonom Hussein's regime. How do you like that? Paul Grammar said that. Glory, you're posi-lies. Speaking Monday, if the opening session of the 91st annual insurance leadership form in White Self-Respresed West Virginia said horror and looting was a green when he arrived in Baghdad. On May 6, 2003, horrored H.O.R.R. Are I.D. Horrid, you ready for that? I'll see if this thing has been a work. Uh-oh. I better try something out here, okay? We're going to help address to the re-usual little more effectiveness. Let me just try this one time. I'm going to make sure it works. Well, go to another Hill Layering at SEPA-SOTA, the George Bush Theater. I think you're like, rain. Without the mask. George, please, rain me. What were you doing with my room? I believe. I believe. Great. What were you doing in my room? I don't know. You were doing in my room. And, uh, we're noises. What was noises? Are none of your business? I understand now. Huh? Put the call book down. SOTA, I think. Go to sleep. Go to sleep. Thank you. For the next George Bush Theater, where George plays forest gum. WD, did you fart? I wouldn't be surprised if Kerry in the second old bait has to say that I'm Friday. You know, when some people get really nervous to start farting a lot. Anyway, we paid a big price for not stopping the looting because of the established Namosphere of Halleusness, remember, so we never had enough troops on the ground. Still, Bremerite, it outsteaks it out was the right thing to do. Right. The far right thing to do. Mondays from response to the council and shrens agents and brokers, which released a summary of Bremer speech. Adjati Adjati Adjati Adjati and D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.HD.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.N.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.GD.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D.D. He's talking about Donald and his pastie looking some what tells his name Quito. No, seriously, what's the other subland? Keeper. Yes, you keeper. No thanks. Donald and Keith, well, how do we say that? Well, in particular, both on their Donald subland, S-U-T-H-E-R-L-E, he's got a spell like Anne Southern and Quiper. And Keith or K-I-E-F-E-R. Can I also get this spell and where I'll pretend that we're like intellectual ancestors of such a perverts? You anyway, who, E. But in keeping with forties reputation as a testies, political battle, around the state's registration deadline arrived alongside Grimford cast of new legal scrimmishes and potential ballot counting delays. Can we ever get it right? No chance. Civil rights groups in the Democratic presidential campaign blasted the state's Republican elections chief Secretary of State Glenda in the hood, over her insistence, there will be voters who fill the check-a-sitants and box under voter forms be not the right to vote. Especially if they're the darker they are, the less chance they're going to have to vote. What's that one bit where he says, uh, your vote will be on the ground? What is that call? Oh, I don't know. Oh, yes you do. What is it? Is it, I don't know. It's like very recent. I know. But you think about it around reading. I'll go to the lower top of the algorithm. Meanwhile, state law enforcement officials and USS department signal plans to investigate the registration strategies, the groups that may have been properly enrolled or attempted to enroll new voters, could have said those concerns stem from reports involving priority where the situation's being switched after a former fulfilled out as well as accusations that keep the native names of voters. Well, we gotta make up names of voters, Linda, because you're going to try to knock all a black well votes off of it here. All the fact votes, all the Jew votes is simply of course, the tonight or all vote and for Bush. Man. That just makes me want to put my good side. Wouldn't be surprising if my financial guy also went to see the passion of the crisis, the audacity vote for the Barbishina going. 560560, pound 560 on the Verizon and singular wireless lines. Well, look at us. It's almost new, no, already. Can you believe that? I can't. It's great. Hello. Yes, sir. I'm in the driving around Pommies. Can't I listen to you for a long time? This is the hurricane. This is like Spanish music that's playing the background now for your, you know, whenever you're on for QAM and I was wondering if you know anything about that. Yeah, we had two calls on A.S. today. Never only maybe Castro pumped up one of his half a million watts stations or something taken all the juice from the rest of the island. And who knows? I have an array of things from our management people or our engineering staff. They're oblivious. You're a fish to fry, yes. I'm believe the full. But I would say the only good part about that is although my take-a-long time is that when I was at W. News and they did the same thing Castro cranked up one on 790. And they applied the SEC to raise their power from 5 to 10,000 watts and they got the permission. But then of course you have to go by the transmitter so we'd have to take up a collection for that. That would take a long time. Oh my god. But I'm waiting for it tonight. I think, you know, Cheney's a big trouble. He's going against the litigator. And I think wherever he wants to go, he's going to go. I'm going to be in a bad shape. I hope so. From your mouth to this year's school together. Is that the one I just had to play at the olagom? Today? No, I did not play. I played yesterday. I'm going to play it. Even though I didn't get a whole lot of votes. But keep in mind that poll we did last week. That was about your all-time favorite. I just mean they don't like that one. It just has to be around that long. It's highly unlikely that a brain new one would be in that category. That's why most of the brain ones. Anyway, this is enough to make you want to gag. It's enough to make you want to cute your guts out. Come on. Machini wielding supporters of us to present job or try and arrest dealer, training the wrath on him. He's demoralized police force. Oh. Be heading some of the victims and it can't pay an imitative of the insurgency and Iraq. Can't you people down there do anything original? Man, they even saw the baseballs like the Japanese used to do it. It was at the time one. Seven of at least 18 people killed in the turmoil in Porto. The French had been police officers. The initial police chief Michael Lucius, or is that a rush has said Monday, he said an eighth officer may not have survived in serious condition with the gunshot wound to the head. Three of the same policemen were decampitated. Let's see if they would have trapped and said, first, the gunshot wound in her co-band. Three of the same policemen were decampitated after being shot, seeing during classes with pro-IRC demonstrators last week. All brother. What a beautiful world, huh? Anyway, Prime Minister, Gerard Lott Perture, who was leading you. L-A-T-O-R-T-U-E, okay? Lott Perture. Torturi. Yeah, I think he's from Abu Ghara, who was leading a US-back transitional government installed after airseats, Austrian Fibre and other nightmare there, not only the government but the hurricane, everything else, has said that police killings were part of an offensive by pro-IRC gang's dubbed Operation Bad Bad. It's in the bad, we're talking about some of the cops head. Deadly ties is continued yesterday between street gangs and sites solei, no relation to surface solei, a protoprints shanty-containing with every seen supporters were fully shot and killed two gang leaders last week. I don't know how many of who was killed, but people were killed said the mayor of that community speaking by telephone from the C-Sides slum. The violence in Port-O-Princent Southern Haiti is coincided with the chaotic aftermath of a storm gene in the northwest. As rescuers recovered more bodies from the devastating floods and mudslides around good eyed days, the official toll arose yesterday to 1870 with other 1884 people reported missing in Los Prismden. Wow, people are desperate, it's chaos, it's never. Of course, you know, we didn't care that much about them because they were all black, just like all the people who are starving and being eliminated in Africa. We don't care about that stuff. I mean, we talk, you know, talking to the gang, some of the people. I don't know if they're the rest of the people who even talk that kind of just ignore it. Because the world basically don't care about its partners, it's a very sad, sorry thing, but that's just the way it is. I grow up. Oh, it's speaking of shootings, a lot of things going on, a lot of guns in the land. Las Vegas are done in open fire. I know him a former Las Vegas grip entertainer, suit-free fishbacher and bro and bro and bro and bro. What? How you said that, man? Fishbacher and bro and bro. Showing they should get out of the country, police said yesterday. Police initially labeled me shooting as a hate crime, a later city yesterday. A patrol officer at Miss pacified the case on paperwork, whatever that means. No one was hurt in the September 21st, arrived by shooting, during which a witness said a man fired four shots from a wide van, breaking two windows and leaving a 12-inch hold on the stars, hung north west of the strip. Officer Jose Montoya, we say. It wasn't known if they were home at the time, there's folks going to decline to comment. The ward has been issued for the government, it was not identified. Police announced the shooting yesterday, they after, four in front, celebrating his 60th birthday at the home. Sunday was also the one year anniversary of an year fatal tiger molly, the left bro. Partially paralyzed and forced to closure the illusion is long running, sing free to, bro. Four in fishbacher, Ludenegre, sir, some 30 times. One with a spatton, since the accats, the man they've been spattin' live, you know. What have been things? You don't think they're there. What? What? I'm favorite Canadian celebrities are full question today on neo-rogies.com when you're too frozen at the beautiful, work room for an offensive line. That's about the most popular thing connected with the dolphins these days. I already have been on there for like an hour. John Candy 66, Mike Myers 51, Leo Young 38, Jim Perry 36, Leslie Nielsen, moving up fast, thank God 27, Bill Shandard 25. He's going to sing for us a little later. Phil Hartman, 11, Ovarlamine, she be heaven 10. What are we single noon, Roger's hands come together. First new song, what is it called? He's a Canadian angel. He was dipped in milk hydrolagillacs by Li-Marmadog and�챼 ghost homo gas之後. He's two and a half million years old, He is more powerful than known The crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd hear the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd hear the crowd heard the crowd hear the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd hear the crowd hearing the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd hear the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard the crowd heard I wish you support the fire, I will protect the fire, I will protect the fire, I will protect the fire, I will protect the fire, I will protect the fire, I will protect the fire, I will protect the fire, I will protect the fire, I will protect the fire, I will protect the fire, I will protect the fire, I will protect the fire, I will protect the fire, I will protect the fire, I will protect the fire, I will protect the fire, I will protect the fire, I will shine, bees are burning down the fire, if you're Auch skilled ... and all we are doing, you are here to note OUKUSH nice playie. I am dirty. Your wife is your wife, Richard Jd Bobby, Express sat hallmark, he lives a party health jewel. We are Nendalemon, people living like in 10th class conditions for them, with a 40th class education, and that's the way the establishment loves it. That's the way the establishment be loving it, and that's the way they want to keep it. And that's why they let a few dark folks vote. That's it. That's why they'd rather line. Because if they let too many, and that's one area where the dark folks is certainly held lot more, because they're a credit party may have done not a hell of a whole lot for the dark folks over the years, but they sure is how our lot's taken into the Republicans. No question about it, just like certain other groups I could mention, and then at case we all looked up thinking about those Jews for Israel. These were the first years, you know? Like the guy I was talking to this morning, but I don't want to mention his name again, Bill. Everything is about Israel. If you love Israel so much, go live there. Okay, go take a few bus rides. See if you survive. Go eat some of the direct that they're serving for food over there. We get out of our face. Anyway, getting back to important things. Professor Sue Sue's U.S. for coffin photos. And this is important. You want to know why it's important because this is part of the whole minute-of-the-art, public sub-mines. Oh, we don't want to have public to see that because it reminds them, and it's bad for troop morale. I'm sure the troops aren't aware of the fact that they're fellow soldiers dying all around them all the time. Never been out of where that. It's a big secret. A journalism professor sued the government yesterday to force the Defense Department of the release pictures of flag-grade coffin soldiers arriving in the U.S. for more overseas. Ralph Vaguelighter, Professor at the University of Delaware in a former World Affairs correspondent for CNN. Remember him? I remember him. Nope. Well, I do. File soon under the Leifried Movement Information Act for release a government photo. Those in videos of coffin surviving a dober air force basin Delaware. The Pentagon has still vastly refused to release these photos saying it has begun enforcing a policy installed in 1991 and intended to respect the privacy of the families of the head soldiers. Right. Critics come to the government is trying to hide the human cost of the war from the public. It's bad PR, baby. When the public turns on their nightly news and sees those flag-grade coffin because there's bound to be dead bodies inside. Their public records big letters is treaty-game, you'll mark, say, in the telephone interview. This is about the public's right to know the implications of U.S. for impulsions to assist the price of war. Big letters lawsuit filed in U.S. for court in Washington list the Defense Department and the Air Force's defendants. A Pentagon spokeswoman declined comment on lawsuit of course. They just stay in mum. Lines day for the Air Force release scores of photos taken at Doberman's Bonds to an F.O.I.A. requestary movement from Ration Act. The pictures include shots of the state of the coffin, some of the coffins of the aftermath of the last year in the Space Shuttle Columbia, the tender gun later called that release of a stake. Well, we don't want you to see no coffins. It's bad. Big letter filed by F.O.I.A. request and the Pentagon signals receiving it, but it's not responded further. The lack of response enables big letter to sue, he says. Yeah, I guess that's what happens when people don't respond. You see after sue their ass. You know what I mean? No, what he means. I'm familiar with that kind of stolen crap. 560, 560, 560, and the Verizon and Singular Wireless Lines. Let's get about 20, 30,000 calls in between two and two. What do you say? You're a huge human. WQA and hello. Hey, buddy, what's up? How you doing, sir? Before I give you my nomination for your poll, I would like to direct you to the SunScental.com website where there is a state investigation going on against a certain shutter company that shines all its customers, 72 hours before I heard a game. Really? I would like you to check that out and my nomination for the poll is Brian Adams. Oh, good one. Take that. Okay, I mean, I do not do it when I like Brian Adams, but it's he belongs on her. There's some people who like Brian Adams. I'm turning him in. Let's see. Where's the Q for? Oh, here you go. Whoa, look at that. I wonder which company this was. Is he out of even over the name of that company? The one that did my stuff, they didn't show up until like five days after the fact? Yeah, I'm sure your friend Adam will know. You know, Adam has never been to a sponsor running in the show anymore. Hmm. Let's see, I don't think that's it. Do you know the name of the company? Uh, not right up there. I'll stop my head. Well, this is Vointin' Beach. So, I've never less had some idea. It's very, very sad. Especially in times of emergency and people give you some. I've less to Florida, I can't wait. I would say a huge percentage of businesses in all they do things. Oh, yeah, we're going to be over a week from Friday at 2 o'clock and maybe like three weeks from circus day might you up if you're lucky if it's convenient for them. This the dog doesn't have wild diarrhea. WQAM, hello. Yeah. Yes, sir. Hey. How you doing today? Okay, how you doing? I'm going good, Alex. We better hope that King doesn't drop dead during the debate. Because what'll happen is George Bush is down waiting for the same thing. You put the King up there and that would be an end of the election. Yeah, that would be an end of the election. You're right. Good. Like I said, I hope that the vice president is in the picker health. Until after the election. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Any closing you? Yes. I'm way north up and I approve this message. All right. Excellent. That was good. You have so little confidence just because I know you get more intellectual colors than I do in front of you. Yeah. That's what they always say. Oh, George. You know, this gets the crazy. Yeah, I'm out with you. I don't know. Somebody always says that. Yeah. Maybe I'm very soon by the way. My vacation starts on Friday. Oh, for a week. Actually a little more than a week. I'm just doing that scam I used to do. I'm going to stop, you know. I left them off the hook too easy. I need a lot more vacation days. Absolutely. Slipers. Yes. Hello. This is Shane Call from Miami Beach. I swear. I informed you guys another election joke by this state. Okay. Okay. I went through the Department of Motor Vehicles to renew my driver's license. Right. They told me that I could register to vote when I did that. Which I did or thought I did. I said last night because I'm thinking, you know, this is chance to mistake and screw my registration up. Okay. So I went through a website for voter registration information for the state of Florida. And I called Dave County's Department of Painting, such affairs, doing with registration. You know what they told me that I was not registered to vote. And you know what the response was given to me by the joke, the clown on the phone, the woman on the phone down at the Dave County election supervisors. Yeah. Officers. That, oh, I'm sorry. We've lost some of the paperwork from the Department of Motor Vehicles. Oh, beauty. So again, I don't know what's going on. Last night heard of the Department of Motor Vehicles where I was located up in Tallahassee. Was it not being funded and overseen by, was it Jim Bush and his friends and crony? Pat asked Governor Jeb Bush, they probably have like a psychics do who know they made when you go down and they look at you and see who they think you're going to vote for. And if they think you might not vote for Bush, they throw it out. Well, my question is, how many other people went through the Department of Motor Vehicles and Dave County? And we're told they could reach the vote and think in great. They're going to go to the polls and they're going to go to the polls and they're going to go to the polls and they're going to go vote. Probably thousands. But 30,000. 30,000 at least. This is just something that needs to be discussed. I don't know if you can take this around with this or who would be interested in this story. And I'm going to take it and run with it. What are we going to do about it? I mean, you know, you can play over a colleague. Huh? We're going to let people know that there's a fixed sign right now. I mean, he's done. Who's up with this? So we have stories about the fist meeting in every single day that's blended in a hoochie. Just another cat in Harris. That's all. Another skew for a fat ass, Jeff Bush. And they're going to do everything in their power to eliminate any votes that the thing might not go to Bush. So the best answer we can get from the state is that, oops, we lost some paperwork. Come on. There we go. Oops, we lost it again. Britney Spears would say, oops, we lost it again. It's unbelievable. Unbelievable. We're carried two thousand four, baby. All right, pal. How do you like that? I'm sure they're going to be a lot more stories than come. I know, remember, too, which will be, of course, will be on the air that day. Just like last election, we were on the air getting calls from people that one woman is personally in Palm Beach. I think I just voted for Pat, you can. And I'm going to kill myself. Remember that? Yeah, how can we forget? That was the first inkling that we hadn't even made it on the notoriously self-hating flood report on the internet. That a woman who called in saying that the ballot was all screwed up in Palm Beach. And she was intending to vote for Gore and why I'm uploading and says you think was that Teresa LaPore and butterfly ballot. I'm going to tell you something, man. This corruption in the state of Florida, somebody's to come in there and straighten there and say, oh, thank God, you're there and I'm here. So I can tell you. What I wish, man, what a swamp, what a toilet, what a no-count budget, redneck group balls. See that didn't use any of those words yet? You were thinking of that. You're so wise. In fact, those are the only ones I was thinking about. See, the antilothart police come in and you still think the words you just can't say. What's the thought police come in? You're SOL. 12 minutes after noon at 5, 16 WQAM, we got the man dog at 2 and the humpers back. For example, one of his lengthy suspensions at 4. If you look at an Amir, a wondering where to huddle that hair go, loves on the floor and the sink and the turlet all over the place. And get to the phone right now and call our good buddy Chuck Alphiary. Because for over 30 years now, the third man. Charlie's been helping the famous and not so famous like you, looked their best. You wouldn't even know his work when you see it because Charlie's created the best, most natural system in the universe. The most quick Larry of any of her system is the hairline and Charlie's new, skill like her system is 100% un-depecable. And here looks like it's ruined on your scalp. Charlie's work is guaranteed to the attract system for 30 days. Not 30 minutes. 5, provide a month if you don't love the way it looks and feels and stells. If you're not getting laid 40, 50, 60, 70 times a day, we turn it for a full refund. Make the call today. Tell Charlie, you heard about it here on the New York Times. You showed you two of your special QAM, $200 discount off the regular price of 800 bucks for the natural hairline system. 1-800, 3-2-1-2413. Don't forget the secret to a great her system is make sure nobody can tell you worrying one as opposed to Sam Vannelson and certain others that we knew. Don't don't don't don't don't don't. It is wise. And Charles's new skin like her system is his natural as a kiss. You won't believe how much younger and better you look after Charlie takes serious. The Comedin' Noobification call 1-800, 3-1-2413. 1-800, 3-2-1-2413. Around the wicked web, CharlesAlphiary.com. The dual QAM Abha, you think that you're in love. CharlesAlphiary's all are all star-game. Because your own sports really soft. You've got dogs, sweat runs, to shoot loose with guns. But a way to answer pain. And you fish for ice. You pick off these nice, cause it's played without a brain. Who can't stop? Who knows you? Here's the vile star-game I want. It's back now. To face all his and all the fake's need. A blow, Charles! From 18, how long before they finally decide? You can think either because that's an expi-tory activity. We're fukin' over here. Well, we still can, of course, a belch and one. Huh? Or the nose, Blullin'. Oh, don't be too young, man. You think it's permissible, but it's not. Anyway, moving right along. Now, it depends on which poor you like. All depending on who you're yanking for. President Bush had his continuously set a John Terry Monk-likely boaters despite serving enthusiasm for care. This is from the Ours this, Washington Post. Despite serving enthusiasm for care among Democrats and new doubts about whether the president has a clear plan, a clear plan to deal with the Enlightenment Iraq, quite a Washington Post-cracking pool. In the aftermath of last week's debate, among those most likely to vote, according to the Washington Post and ABC, Terry 50, let's say Bush 51, Terry 46 among those most likely to vote. Ralph Nader, one percent of the hypothetical, data record again about votes to even figure out the year-lobe. But Bush held over a three-point advantage among all registered voters down from seven points in the survey conducted right before the debate. Got that? Got it. I'm not going to waste my time with all this. Inns and outs and the details. You go online and see it. I think we got it online, if not too bad. We had a lot of good pictures, though, on there. For those who are can't read or don't want to be bothered, we need a lot more people. Read those bedtime stories on there. We're just going to discard those and just put naked pictures on there. Now, we're just going to turn into a porno site. What's wrong with that? It's already, the whole site is already too, just discussing in-growth tests for QA and to be involved and that's why they took a link down. What was the thing that we had on the broke the camel's ass? Oh, I remember? Something that was on there and I'm not a big deal. QA didn't want to be associated with that nearrodger side because it's, well, that's right. It was corporate they came up with that crap. What a bunch of nose-tickers, man. And so we dropped the link. You know, they hit us and we hit them back. We dropped there. And of course, we get more response in five minutes on our website than they do in five years. As a matter of fact, if you look at the Alexa graph on some days they get response when that all thing game is on, we're settle and we'll soon. And the rest of the week, not even like a fart, not that much of an impact, like a silent fart, nothing. Oh, no, you know something I'm thinking, can't we play that? That doesn't have any farting noises in it. Silent fart? Yeah, no, just the silent. Well, wait a minute, let's give it a shot. I'm just trying to think we're a fart. Oh, it sounds like a snake. Oh, sorry. Park. Now, what do you think? That's a snake, man. Ha ha ha ha. A snake in your rectum. Wow. Now, one of the jirbles moved out. Sports. Now, this is a good day New York Times. I believe that what this is for me. I've said it. John Kerry came out of the first prison until the way of having we are sure many Americans could handle international crisis or a terrorist attack, and would a generally more favorable image, but he failed the shake of perception that he panders to voters and searches support. The full also found significant doubts about President Bush's policies in Iraq, with the majority of the public safety-US invaded Tucson and administration did a poor job thinking to do the consequences of the war. The most of Bush maintain an advantage on personal characteristics like strong leadership, but a little more and like ability as well than the enthusiasm of supporters. How sad? Four race from election day, which is today, four weeks from today boys and girls, this is the day that Michael Moore DVD comes up and a video stern here by you, 399 11-Glotton by 100 copies. Four race from election day, the presidential races are dead heat again according to the times, with Mr. Bush having given up the gains he enjoyed for the last month after the Republican Convention in New York the full found, and a head-to-head matchup in a three-way race including Ralph Nader, the contenders each one, and seven percent of the registered voters are waiting to pull 47-47, and Nader doesn't even say what, like one, one or two percent. Last month, just a month ago Bush led Kerry in the same pool 50-42 in a two-way race and 50-41 in a few areas, so he blew a nine-point lead and just to enter the debate. Just in the first debate, okay? Next we for all these great spots there to hang the air like the moment it just got Bush's picture on air and they talk about the thousand dead soldiers and about what a bozo were looking at and all that stuff. So we're kind of stuff. Edward's shoulders tonight, man. I just hope they don't show too many closets to the big chunker one is up for lit. That's not to attract it. You know what I mean? When I was like about the bowling ball, there's like a growth. Yeah, like a huge gigantic something from outer spaces going on his lip. 560 pound, 560, pound, 560, honey Verizon and singular wireless lines. WDQAM hello. Yes sir. I want to keep an LME out here on this CBS for out of date thing. Didn't it's a train court rule in a fox news case and you pretty much make up the news and lie or whatever you want to do. That's like Fox can do that, not CBS. Oh thank you. Only fascists news that we're seeing do that. All right, well I just wanted to clear it up for me. Thank you. Okay, glad we've strained that for you. That's right, anybody who's to the left of the till of the hunt, you've got to stick with a straight narrow path. Okay. And then you see the thing with brocott and Peter Jennings here today with that kind of that. So whatever that thing was dog and pony show. And we support them. Well, why not Danny never stole a freight train. So he hates push. Yeah, the more power to them, that's why watch CBS news. Because I'm going to get a lot of truth out of there. Plus I'll get a little bit of a left-ish or leaning on it. Why does everybody, it's okay for every video and have a whole network that's right wing lies. Like I told somebody this morning I want to mention Bill by name. You know, the fox is only watched by a bunch of right wing Nazis. That's all by people who are just in China with that guy. He has this guy is obsessed with Bill or Riley. Well, a lot of people like Bill or Riley. And I shouldn't say a lot of people like Hitler too. Yeah. A lot of people don't like Bill or Riley's radio ratings in the South Florida market. It's still a point too. You couldn't find his audience with a roadmap and a compass. Okay. With a five million member search party, you can find the Bill or Riley audience in South Florida. Even a fat ass rush, who numbers are drafted by the way since his pill popping us to pay came out. And a deaf crowd deafness probably had from poppin all the impills. Well, you know, when you look back at that again, how easy he got off. Do we hear anything more about that? Oh, absolutely nothing. Have it or another word about that. They're nothing but a half. And the fact that he was poppin the pills and doctor shopping and all the other crap, That's what it is, you know, but the fact that he's such a hypocrite and going on the air and poppin and getting all those drug people out of the behind bars. And we have to do something about the low life of these scum of the air and all the other crap, you know? Careful. I know what I said. All right. I didn't associate any word with that thing. But that thing. I'll tell you one thing. When you put chicken soup in a container and put it in refrigerator, right? And you take off the lid the next morning and you're concerned. You know what's on top of the chicken soup? Right. And you're drinking that. How do you like that? Talk about that thing. Talk about chicken fat. I don't think I got a zip lock bag. No wonder all of us Jews are dying from a pie gardener. But I do love telling you. I'm just a dietary Jew. And let me just say this to you. How about ethical Judaism? That's only part of that silly astralision in the riker. But since the others are so much more malignant, most of them. Although I see these ratings are busy bombing in Gazi again. Did you see that? Yes. Who in a bomb of ground? They did that. They hit us. We hit them back and it's never going to stop. Do I know you waste your time? In fact, we shouldn't even have news coverage anymore about what's happening in the other of the Israelis and the Palestinians. Forget about it. Okay. They've been killing two or five thousand Jews. We got to figure fish to fry. I'd like to forget it. Like what the dolphins ever went again. They're some fish to fry. W. W. I love that. A clip of Dave wants that scene. I'm frying over here. W. K. K. Although she's not a part of Samiah, how about Katie Lang for your poll? Katie Lang. What is she doing there? She's out there. She's out there. Thanks. I think they have a good day. Okay. Thank you. Hey, show books that pull up a little bit. That's inclusive. I'm 16. I'm 16. I'm 16. I'm 16. I'm 16. Get ready. What was that? I'm 16. I'm 16. I'm 16. I'm mannequin alone. SEvivia my girls. I'm mannequin alone. Shiva hangin around my flow. She's ready anytime I want in the school. She never turns around looking in the mood. I'll never gather somewhere right now. I'm true. My woman. I've got something to say. Hey hey, what's that again? What's that again? What's that again? What's that again? What's that again? What's that again? What never cost you sleep? Someone not gonna come up, Joel. She's a girl I fell in the world in storm. I feel lucky or they're most eyes. When I'm riding the middle of plastic bags, my woman. Just someone just said hey. That I can hold on. Hey, what's that again? Hey hey hey. Yeah, I'm kidding. I want to make sure that we didn't chop dinner for Arthur. 1232 is fine. When the end of the season I was distracted there when we came back from the break is I was looking at the great news on our website. I don't even almost bigger invented than the Rickham for offensive line leader of the free world is up. Do you see it? Nope. It's up to the right on our website. There is George W.W. It would be a polochio, no, it's a beautiful thing. Everybody in a free world must take a look at that way. You're still allowed to see it. So I spent all day with that thing. Anyway. Now this thanks from our friend Jean Rogers says Canadians Neil Diamond. He's Canadian? I don't know. Oh my god. How embarrassing. Neil said, Daca is Canadian? I don't know. He's still in it. And then he says the guy that's saying Diane and the 50s can't remember Paul and his name. I mean, how could you not remember Paul and could we go with a handker? That's Janet Woods. Paul and I'm sure he's correct. That's what he was a Canadian by way of Lebanon or somewhere like that. Paul and I don't know. I don't know. We'll have to look up Neil Diamond and Neil said, Here's another good one that we know for sure. Alleyness Morrison. Right. Not that. Got it. Alleyness. What are you? Paul's anchors. We can't even say the name of that bit. Can't say I'm my baby. Why not? We can say the name of the real song. I was just playing the parody. Oh the bit. Oh don't be doing that. Now speaking of fox, I just passed this long now because that previous call that was saying about well fox news, the court rule that they can make up whatever it is. There's no obligation to tell the truth. Seeing nobody expects the truth from fox because we know it's the Nazi news network. But anyway, between a van and who will the editor of the nation says today, fox rejects the nation. Do we have this one out of the nays? This one going on tomorrow for again. Josh. Josh. Josh. Yeah. Fox rejects the nation. Can you imagine if we can do this? I think it's a good thing to be a new nation. Should be on there today? I don't know. Maybe on there. Maybe on tomorrow. I don't know when I send it to. Probably this morning. Probably this morning. Oh my god. Talk about double talk. This guy makes bush luck like in our ticket to fear. Whatever. Anyway, she writes the fox news channel. Man is flashy full page yet in our recent GOP convention issue. In fact, foxes bought several ads in the nation. Last year, including our back page, leading some 50 readers to cancel their subscriptions in protest of the magazine, taking what they considered tainted money. Though we stand by our advertising policy one which starts with a presumption that we are upset advertising even if the users expressed their reputiment to those of the editors, blatantly misleading ads are asked for very harmful products will fall into a gray area of discretion, but as a general principle, we assume our readers will have sufficient knowledge to judge for themselves the merits of commonly known products such as cigarettes. In contrast, fox news seems to believe its viewers must be protected from news free of what house spin and corporate agendas. More the cowardly line than they fall for your spots. The cable news network has just rejected a 60-second TV ad that the nation was planning to wear during the Republican National Convention. Nobody owns the nation, not time-worn or not Murdoch the commercial said, so there's no corporate slant, no one has spin, just a straight dope. Fox media directed the ad out of hand according to the magazine's senior vice president for a circulation arts stupar after our ad agency sent a commercial to the network. I find it ironic stupar told the New York Times which wrote about fox's censorship. They are the GOP cable station in the champion of free markets and they got scoopsed into thought of running an ad to dozen public spin or serve the agenda of corporate conglomers. Good mention to Mr. Murdoch, have been a problem, a man who takes money from some of the worst regimes in the world can't take a few bucks from the nation. Cowardly fox may be running a scared, but the ad appeared in Time Warner's CNN as well as the CNNBC Universal MSNBC in Bravo during the Republican National Convention week. You can also click here and see that link to watch this spot online and thanks to the readers and other submitted money to a law stare, it says Katrina. So you can click it on the thing when we get it on there. How do you like that? Ticking and choosing. We don't want your money, we don't want to advertise it because we don't want to put your left wing propaganda on our right wing network. We look up Neil Diver and he also back at the end of what? It does look at him up. Well, take your time, we're going to let him. We're going to let him, our 24 minutes for his county. All Miss Salton John takes angry swatham Adana, are we supposed to care about this? Which to be care more about this? Scott Laci Peterson, are you out of them Adana? Out of them Adana, care about the debates. I don't give a flying pamphabod, Scott and Laci Peterson. If ever in the history this next to Ali on. I cannot imagine any news story, non-political news story that's got an overhead between Larry King and Washington and Nancy Gray. It just makes you want to get on your hands in ease in a few cup meals that you eight twenty years ago. It's just disgusting. It's a sickling. Yeah. Who the hell gives a flying pamphabod, Scott Laci Peterson? At least Sean Reliebe and very kind of it, at least there was something I could with that. And now an other thing on the Sean Reliebe story. Nothing. Absolutely nothing. What's this? Waiter. I made it. Oh, I love this. Nice. I like the news probably. Temple will suffer. This is a true friend both of us. Yeah. What do we ever do? What do we ever have at the Sean Reliebe story? There is. What do we ever have at the Sean Reliebe story? There is. What do we ever have at the Sean Reliebe story? There is.kscupine soups. Human beings can't respond to somegenerous systems. Like around in Islam or without wearing mask if you started dating him. He said hello before before. Bill Sal luminaus unicorn. He was wife when he��의s does it- Only. haclin town side. So. That's what it's like if you are nearer to death I'll try to run away I'll help you if you're nearer to death Then who is your god? You're going just like that All the women say It's kind of secret and protein If you rest down your name is a little black What they might call you from the river on the end of a whole You'll save your life Death's telling you we know You are only in life If you're safe, you'll stay with that night That's what it's like if you are nearer to death All my back You got to help you if you're nearer to death Who's your god? You're going just like that Do you remember here one more word about that? No Because they found out that he didn't do it It was like, oh, that's so fun We don't care about no more We care about her The big hand is coming I've only And was yellow when I was talking about before that we never heard another word Oh yeah, I rush But it will pop and it will learn all I've said Not another word They said all we've said about these stories It's so important to me But I mean, the little brand and the sooth is milked for all they can And then we move on to the next historical story Do you sure? British pop veteran Elton Johns He's getting to be a real wild lady lately Took a farm off Swap of the Dotties Today not that I wanted to offend Madonna But what the hell is her problem, Elton? Saying he cheated her fans by mimeing on stage But the American pop superstar was swept Her rubber says accusations saying she does not lip sync Or criticize other artists While collecting a songwriting award from two music magazine in London Elton suddenly launched into a tie-way Against Madonna We discovered she had been nominated for the best live act Anyone who lip sync in public on stage when you pay 134 bucks to see them should be shot John said in reference to taking a price for Madonna's re-invention tour Madonna best-epping live act F off said the singer we have Like I said he's okay Said the singer we now does much for his outrageous Outbursts is used for his outlandish outfits Since when has lip sync been live he acts He ended his outburst by saying that's me offer Epping Christmas card list But do I give a toss? No, do I give a toss That's great thing All I know His tired profit is quickly sponsored from her US folks woman Liz Rosenberg Rosenberg Oh, I wonder if she's one of those what's those Jews? Polishes no no the ones that she's into and Brittany and on the old cobalt Yeah, she's a cobalt Liz Rosenberg said in the statement Madonna does not live sync nor does she spend time Frashing other artists she's saying every note on a re-invention tour live Is not ashamed that she was well paid for her hard work And Madonna 46 showed she would not take in trans criticism Seriously, Elton's job remains under Christmas card list Whether he's nice or not a statement added Madonna lost off of British fan views for the live act title Thank God Elton hit deadlines in Taiwan last month We're confronted by a wall of flashing cameras at Taipei airport He last out into the local media called him rude wild pigs Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha The televisions and photographers of the airport where the rudest people I've ever met I've been to 60 countries the 50 70 old queen said his partner dated furnish I wonder if they're the one who furnish joint has memory captured the plan boy and star at his most outrageous demanding and flying a well documentary Probably named 10 thrums and TRs You're a sense of me Roger I'm a person I'm a person I'm a person Oh, you That's the further real Fulfill Fulfill Fulfill Fulfill Oh Super sabotage made seaglo Where another subvertorizes their federal college But when it comes to cash, let me tell you this broad baby I quit a fuck But not a dozen gentlemen's class No It's not too bad sir Body and joke to the bottom Fulfill Fulfill Fulfill Fulfill Fulfill Fulfill Fulfill Fulfill Fulfill Fulfill Fulfill Fulfill Fulfill Fulfill We do absolutelyine the difference Don't care how you stand there Fulfill's like 작은zester And early morning стinker Where's at overnight delivery paradiseee Here's our 1246 and 560 WAM. Here's the ideal. Who's your all-time favorite Canadian celebrities? Our poll question for our 92 votes? Come see Komsa. The loud thing we got to pull up there to laugh you're a little bit too loud because we came like a 1040 and we had always other fish to fry. 11-clock that's not too bad. John can't he's got 100 nobody's going to touch fat John. Mike Meyer 68 Jim Carrey 53 Neil Young 47 Leslie Neilson 37 William Schander 36 Michael J. Fox 22 Philharman 21 Avolavine 12 Shia 21 11 Burton Cummings of the Guess Who 10 Donna Donald 788. The only thing I learned now he was in a couple of good movies but he probably into the body snatchers right I have the needle. That's the very end of the movie. That was good. William Murray. She had a lot of her. Ben Acquid 8. So he and Dion's got a oh god that is sad Martin Short 7 and Murray he's got 7 but there's a lot of confused gender on some of these people keep for 7 and 5 then Acquid 5. Donald 4 Brian I still know who the hell normal. Donald is. Nice comedian. Right. Can't stand him. He's got bright Adams 3 how he mandel 3 Lauren Green 3 Lauren Michaels 2 Gordon Lightfoot 2 Monty Hall 2 Christopher Plumber 1 look at no votes yet for Katie Lane. Alan is more set and he writes Josh is this like a generational thing is that the problem instead of keeping a deeper is that Katie K8 I E. She and no Katie okay. I thought his problem is that I understand now I can't music either but I'm just telling you right now she ain't no Katie she won't be like no lady either. That's pretty sure anyway Crony Schroes he's Crony. Cheney's Crony is the big debate club and people on that they want an old advice presidential debate is John Edwards will be there with that big thing on his lip and Dick Cheney will be there with a stumping of puking heart. This is from the nation also as a matter of fact as he who wrote this somebody wrote it as he prepares to debate how a Burton CEO turned vice president Dick Cheney said in her John Edwards would do well to study upon his hairy Truman. The box top to your present had a word for war profiteering treason. He had another word for those political and business leaders who could don't waste inefficiency mismanagement and profiteering during a time of war on patriotic. If John treason running may once have a great impact on his debate with the vice president which follows hard on the first presidential debate then did be woefully an actual leader men when he faced Cheney in 2000 and were sentenced to draft the fake printliness of the Washington elite some Truman so to stain and favor of blunt talk about Cheney starting with this how a Burton connections. How a Burton's been experiencing her growth spread ever since Cheney passed to the revolving door of Washington politics has set up the administration manages for George W. Bush. The Texas Base Corporation moved a number one on the armors listed top contractors in 2003, pocketing 4.2 billion dollar taxpayer dollars last year alone. It got one no bid contract after the stress in which Cheney's chief of staff Louis Scooter Libby was involved despite sorry revenues however the Halibutton unit doing working on his plate by so many problems from his management to allegations of corruption that may be spun off to try to salvage what's lost in the parent company's reputation. If Edwards brings Halibutton up during his debate tonight with the Cheney Cleveland the vice president will undoubtedly claim as he has whenever he's been challenged that he no longer has any connection with Halibutton. Edwards can counter with another of those blunt Trumanisms liar. The vice president continues to receive money from Halibutton, 178000 plus in 2003 alone and congressional research service studies described the sort of deferred salary payments he received and a million since thought options he retains as among those benefits described by the Office of Government Ethics says retain ties or linkages to one's former employer. In other words Cheney has a great big conflict of interest and how to weigh Anna will go a long way toward exposing the crony capitalism that's been the Halibutton market of Bush administration. Edwards should talk about the other troubling aspects of Cheney's tenure too as nation of Washington correspondent John Nichols explains in his new book Dick the man who is president most of the pathologies of the Bush administration can be traced back to Cheney who chair the corrupt energy task force and press Bush to make a second modern task list for the rich which then treasury secretary Paul O'Neill word were unwise and unsound. This is the armchair warrior who is a college student collector's five draft of firm Institute of boy serving in Vietnam but who entered the White House campaigning for war on Iraq and never let up. Since the 911 attacks have an increasing velocity during the current campaign Cheney has served as Bush's scare-monger when chief evoking images of thousands of Americans killed by terrorists with nuclear weapons and seeking to justify the invasion of Iraq by repeating thoroughly discredit claims that Sautom Hussein's regime was working without Kaita. Now making a link in the minds of voters between the excesses of Halibutton and the deteriorating situation in Iraq, Edwards cannot pre-focused the campaign on the questions that matter. Among them which presidential team can be trusted to put the needs of Americans before their own interests and those of their friends Cheney has made it very clear where his lawyer leaves lie. That's pretty good stuff from nation A. What did I tell you before the biggest push in the world today? Did Cheney? He makes still the approach going and Italy look like a study school preacher. That's the kind of quirky guy with the Cheney. They don't call him big for nothing okay? It's just leave to the bad. Joyce. 567560. That's his name. You know, how fires you out? You only Verizon in singular wireless lines. Let's get a few of these. Let's get a few thousand calls in here. Okay. Get these people looked up into a frenzy. Let's get them out there. They're nearby videos. So, please don't buy to blockbuster because we hit them like poison. But if you have to, I don't think there's you think they're going to actually sell it. That's why you buy best buy it myself. That's fine. They have good prices on the calendar. They don't hire any. And then that's not something you have to wait for them to list off your shelf right here. We best buy it's fine unless of course you want to go in your get service. You want to go in your get service where, help yourself. It's self-right. There you go. Bring your own ladder and just try. Bye bye. Can see it right up. That's the one that I want. That's the DVD player right up there. Just go in there to the last counter and stand there and wait. Take a number. And if you can live till extra, but we'll get to you. WQA and hello. Okay, pal. Hey, listen. I'm not a great article. It's a good activity fair. Right. But I don't know if you caught it. And the article basically what would happen is, uh, Bush wanted to second term. And again, I know it was dreadful, but it was a good sense to it because it really talked about how over the past 40 years every second term president has some sort of scandal that gets them pretty much knocked out. And I was just trying to think back. I know if you recall, what was the last reason we thought that had a successful second term? You know, I'm thinking, Clint had his scandal. No, Reagan had it. What happened? I don't know how. Yeah. I mean, that's how far back you really have to go. I just know how I had a couple of scandals that were like minor. You know, there was a Nixon with the gifts and it was, uh, I forget it with the guys. Now, there were a couple of those minor scandals that are, but nothing major like, like a water gate or a penis gate or something like that. I know. And the article also part about how, um, these. So, like, or, you know, the liplified, my five anyway, would be even stronger, um, have come the next election up in 2008 because I don't mean can't wait until 2008. I know. I'm going to tell you right now, Bush wins this time. There may be no election in 2008. And don't forget that not too many weeks ago, they're already saying, well, I mean, we may have to post full in the election. They kind of like put out a little trial balloon here to see if that would fly. Everybody said, over our dead body, you'll do that. Yeah. But, um, I, I do have a little, if you have an opportunity, maybe take a look at it and then take a couple snap bat. It's just interesting reading. And, um, I just like to talk about that word. Okay. Thanks a lot. All right. But, see. My six seven, five, 60. I mean, they did me through to what is, um, f***ing, see what I'm saying. Yes, you did not pat now, did you? No. Okay. Is there a checking, you ever know with a kind of atmosphere that kind of chill in the area? We have now. This will be dumping movie titles. Maybe, well, um, and that was a little, uh, a horse of a different type of TV every week at the TV. They've had it on a million times. One, I can put see? Yeah. Oh. Today's bar movie, man. I understand that. And so is the other one there. So is the character that we're, we just don't want to overdo that. Okay. Because then selfish, going to start getting all upset. And then we'll have to play the Adump Lindsey thing, the lump Lindsey drop in and you can all have sickering the start. Yeah, actual audio from Dumplins, you know, control room with his headset on that doing the dumping of the steering show, which goes on, play 50 out of a visual. Yeah. WQAM Hello. Yeah, me, oh, sir. My favorite Canadian, I'm Anderson, and Wayne Grishkin. Pam Anderson is Canadian? Yeah, I'm back over. Oh, you know, well, thanks for the bad news. You're good to do this. Thanks a lot, Pam. And Wayne Grishkin, what we can put him on, or he's not only a ex-athlete, but he's a celebrity. He's a needle nose, videos, for us. I just don't like him. Okay. I hate Wayne Grishkin. Yeah. Especially after he's spirit dug a deal more and I came number six and a play off there in 93, whatever it had you or was. Nice gone Wayne. And every time Wayne would get hit, he'd do it. Yeah. That's so he'll be a little hell. Many hold his head and go crawl him off to the bench. Oh, somebody touched me. Somebody had to get down and go and go and go. But nevertheless, put him both on there. Okay. Speaking of needle nose is, yeah, when you were playing with your bush picture, you know, the other follow the nose. I mean, your partner website there, the new pig. Yeah, we have there. Did you look on the Blair option at the bottom of it? Oh, I didn't. I saw it. I didn't have time. I was just ending. This is why when I came back, I screwed up whenever we were doing the matter. Dimension there. You're on you. So in other words, you can take a look. I'm looking at right now. You can click on a picture above, and you've got the bush leader with the figure over the wrong shots. The Pinocchio knows that one. The money now. Click on Blair. Well, just a second. I'm fighting for this to value. You do understand that our sites a little bit slow and that's because it's got a really good things on here. So in fact, it's not doing anything, right? There is. Look at the size of that thing. Holy cow, that's for Boschus. Can I say that? Oh, check. Let's take that one. Oh, I see. And the cursor is the dollar sign. Right? Now, click on the work. Look at that. And there's 20, but that is the best. Yeah, then you can switch it back. Even go for no hard-off or as you went for a nose dress. Sure, this means that we need to go to the spotters exclusively. Bonus button. Since we recently have one, the touch and I know all the half of the local motion squad are instantly listened to and your largest parent and parents went to hours. Yeah, the bushinged. In fact, if you watch it long enough, the bushings had actually six on the tip of Blur's nose. He said a beautiful thing, man. He did it all over. Everybody must hop on there, immediately in the website too. So Charles and dear field beats his, under the heading of a side note. A lot of people probably don't know that when he was at Yale, George Bush was at cheerleader. And although some who show her main name, let's try to look upon all male cheerleaders as girly men, well, if it's good enough, we're trapped a lot. Simply because they were tight sweaters jump up and down and shave Tom Tom's over their heads. I personally have no problem with it. And that's because if there's one area which George Bush has been absolutely consistent throughout his entire life, it's the fact that he's always preferred to stand on the sidelines, yelling at somebody else to get in there and kill him. He did it at Yale. He did it again during Vietnam and he cheered the war on well at the same time doing everything you couldn't keep yourself out of it. And now he's doing it once again when this time he's got millions of his fellow idiots chaining right along with him. There are of course a couple of minor differences between now and Bush's days of Yale. For starters, the Yale, the guy in charge of the team nature that every player was given all the equipment needed to protect him from harm and as well as took the time to plan strategy for winning before we send anyone with a field to do battle. Then again, what tell the little smart ass like me? No. Good back Charles and dear field, base nice, you go boy, both 30 or 40 times just to be sure. Well, we're all going to have to do many, many, many times just to be on the safe side because it's obviously stalled dugaway that's become a part and parcel of what's called voting in Florida is going to be really ill. They're going to have that thing geared up like crazy. It's going to be an overdrive. They're going to be working overtime, side-ass governor Bush and Glenn in the hood. Probably can't inherit some of these stuff over there for a little get her looks into. If you case my drift. No, you drift it again? Yeah, I'm drifting on it. Oh, this is cute. Senior CIA employee withdraws over shoplifting. Now, of course, it's an old charge, but nevertheless, this is somebody we can trust. The man named by the new CIA director for the third high position at the CIA said on Monday, who would not take the job, following reports that he was caught shoplifting more than two decades ago. As a result of recent press articles and attendance speculation, I've decided that I cannot accept an impoverty CIA's executive director, Michael Costos, said in the statement. He will have a verwork at the agency as a senior advisor then you direct your reporter, Mr. Goss, the former Republican chairman of the House representative of the Audi ADI. Oh, I was told to say what? Hold was he would even drop the thing. I would say. I would say. Yeah. Don't really say here. Let's say his age. And adult. Let's put it that. And adult. And adult. Old enough to know better. Or maybe he just did these things during his silly youthful days, like in his 40s like Bush, with all this snorten and really rare. In fact, when you see that nose, I'm dropping a hand or hand. Because we're up to shop blind and every football field in North America before he's done, really kind of like it's that thing. I think we were suggesting. Looking ahead for John Edwards, we're a Dick Cheney, this is his last campaign, but he says he studies, solid. He probably can articulate the worst administration policy better than anybody including the president. So it's a lot of that state for both guys. Yeah, it was just going to slice him up like a piece of halava. You'll see. Need a big sign. Double QA and hello. I'm about Tom Green, Neil. Tom Green's a good one. Thank you. He's handsome and he used to be with time Green. What? He's a none. Four time Green is, in fact, I'm inspired. Now that's a very good choice. I'll be leaving him all. Oh, no. Those were just raspberries. Don't get panic, you know? Some of us remember Tom Green when he was actually funny. Before MTV got a hold him and did they him? What they do to everything else they touch. They ruined it. They support it. I think it's Carson Davies fall. In fact, I think if you're dog, he drops it a load on the carpet. That's Carson Davies fall. If you're kitten has diarrhea all over the sofa, that's your Carson Davies fall. When you say, that's a little bit. If we have like another hurricane that comes heaven forbid. There we go. That's the Carson Davies fall. Absolutely. This is really a who you want to have a good laugh. Tantres hope fans will stick with them. Oh my god, this is a steracle. It's in the Harold C. Oh, it's got to be. You can't help me. And guess who wrote it? I give up. One guest in the Harold sports section. Come on. Dave I know. And he's not even to sense that he's at the Sun's Semmel Dave Hyde. Well, what do I know? Harold. Greg's mouthpiece. Her Jackson. There you go. He's a fryer. I don't know what paper they're in. Although the panthers will offer season ticket orders their money back. Plus two percent interest. The famous master in Alaska, the human outspot playing yesterday decided for sweet fans to leave their money with a franchise. He's sold a whole lot. So while, let me hold your pen and let me hold your money. Season ticket orders who would not request monthly refuncer being offered several person including a chance to lock in their current season ticket price to the next two series. A 2% interest credit. And invitation you a private welcome back party with a player's if and when the lock out is settled. And two free tickets will major concert event. And four nights of sex with Britney Spears. A hundred million dollars in cash. A small bill. A piece of the universe. A trip to the Mars on the first show. Season ticket orders have to lock up for twenty first to sign up. Individual being tickets have not gone on sale. Oh man. That is. And the real game tickets have not gone on sale. And why would that be you think? I don't know. I mean, stop thinking about the RFNB in the game. So why would an individual tickets go on sale in the first place? Well, they get still salsa. I mean, it might be games. Very like about January for theme. Which looks highly unlikely at this point. highly unlikely. Looks like the entire season is S.O.L. gone. And you like them hold on your money and they give you all of these things. And, you know, some of which were real and some of which may have been in those little bit. But it's just they're letting them up a little. This is ridiculous. This is what they were saying. 114 people say they're all time favorite Canadian celebrity is John Candy. Well, how come we put Wayne Griske on there? Not track Mahavoloch. I'm just a joke now. Or Johnny Barred Kelly or Dave Keon. John Candy 114 Mike Meyer 74 Jim Terry 61 Neo Young 72 Leslie Nielsen 42 William Shatter 37 Captain Perk. Still Hartman 28 Michael Z. 5 25 Shai trains holding out 13. What's that all about? That is I think they're ought to be an investigation of that. Avolobeans got a dozen. Dan Akkor 11 Burton coming 10. Celine Dion's got 10. Who are those people? Don't personally Dion. Frogs. We don't have any frogs listening now. Donald several in eight. This is given around on me. Arrayman Bruce got eight. I had a great line for that. I'm thinking about seeing it. Don't anymore. And Marie A. Dan Akkor is seven Martin George seven. Keep her settled on six normal Donald five. Normic Donald had a joke. Pulled it very bad. Lord. What did you say that? Pamela Anderson 3.1. About Normic Donald. I don't think you know who he is. You know what I'm doing. I'm confusing you with Norm Crosby. That must be it. You know who Norm Crosby is? Oh a terrible, terrible old-time comedian. Normic Donald was not only funny, but he got five from Saturday night life because he wouldn't stop making O. J. J. J. O. Oh, I love Norm Crosby. I'm sure I remember for I seen him. Lauren Green 4. We know him. Don't eat that apple. Pam Anderson's got three Katie Lane. We got the nice going Eric 3. So hold the Josh's ass out of the ringer with that. Right, Adams has got three high-man-dell stuck on three and that's good because he's he's Lane. You think he's even remotely amusing? Oh, so 100 years ago he was a cute one. It was novel in the gallery. Christopher Plummer has got a pair of Lauren Michaels, two Gordon Lightfoot's God, two money. Halls got a pair. Tom Green, which little Wayne Gretzky, and Lane is more sex is one on our 563. He always forgot about Rich Little. But vocal Christ. He's people are watching you or the original Hollywood square's is. That's a good pull one, Bay. Who's your favorite Hollywood square is? Wow, your favorite game show. People who watch that show would have to do the pull about the Hollywood square. The original one? We'll heat our Martin? Any version. We'll heat our Martin. Charlie Weaver. And Paul Lend. Never got through the end. And Marty Allen and the later one. Get outta here. You never watched Hollywood Square's my ass. That either. Oh. Love it after one at five. Sixty-one. We got the Mad Dog at two. Who's probably. And what's that clip? Have you got that in the VCS down there? What? Yes, we do. We also have the full version. We have all kinds of versions. I mean the full version. Longer than the last one. So we're whole play, but then we have this. The favorite is Tom and Dave watch that. Yeah, Tom. Absolutely correct. All right. Yeah, that's a beauty. That is sensational. Look, I get to my morning before the show. I'll uh, uh, in your lockerer than. Yeah, lock it in. Hey, it's that how the year again when Matt Friscian stores and charoans run their phony sales events, Columbus Day sales. You know what a deal sounds too good to be true. It usually is. It's a classic bait and swish technique. Make attempting offered to get people in and then aggressively of selling. Well, you need to pick up the phone right now and get yourself the real honest good deal. Call 1-800 mattress. That's the number for a friendship dial a mattress. I've been using these ghosts for a long time for a cool zade. Now, the mattress is proud to carry a CD posture. Pity, the number one brand in mattress is called 1-800 mattress today. You'll get factory-grade pricing on all CD posture pedics. When you call 1-800 mattress, you'll get same data every all across our fort. And by calling 1-800 mattress, you'll choose from the deepest and wide selection of CD betting all available for a same data library like they've been doing forever now. You're still perfect to date and to our window for a living to fit your schedule. All of the smart people are doing it more and more people all the time. Realizes the only way to shop for betting. I just picking up the phone right there where you are and picking up one easy call. And don't forget, if you need a great CD posture pedic, this is the best deal all the way around. Price, selection, and of course certainly on delivery. Call them on 1-800 mattress or check them on a web at mattress.com. 1-800-MATTR-ES. 5-800-MATTR-ES. 1-800-MATTR-ES. 1-800-MATTR-ES. 1-800-MATTR-ES. 1-800-MATTR-ES. 5-800-MATTR-ES. No single artist embodies the spirit of summer like Gordon Lightford. Are you serious? Absolutely. And now, Gordon Lightford takes them out of the way from the wreck of the Edmund Vist Gerald. And turns up the heat on your favorite summer songs on his new album, Gordon Lightford. What's out summer? The time I wonder what I'm looking for, but I'm not sure what the trouble is about. Yes, can his own Gordon Lightford is heating up the great bite north with our Wrenhardt version of this Lovers' Poonful Clashing. Oh, Tom, someone's city, that girl might get in there to do it. Just wait until you hear Gordon Lightford's novel approach to summer's most famous novelty song. Put your toes in the sand and your fingers and your ears and get ready for Gordon Lightford's rendition of this hit from the shini. You'll want to stick this collection where the sun don't shine. Back to your city player. It's Gordon Lightford's Wrens-Sav Summer. Oh! Anyway, full fashes and says if we're going to do hockey related people then we have to include Don Cherry. Okay, put them on there. By the way, how can we get Canadian TV down here with a big satellite there without one? Where you can't get it on it or all without it? Says I'm ready Jones and for the Inuit channel. Can't give it an Inuit channel by giving it a try. I will celebrate our 21st wedding anniversary. See, that person is showing him trying to play a song for the rest of the children. It's real. Yeah, I'm trying to play a song for you. Yeah, they can sit down. Come here. No, you have a doll of the first son. There's no other thing. There's a pair of pigs. But anyway, that's another story. And of course I'm here. You got a few of them still down there. The director got to be coming very soon. I hate to break the news because the last night, the low temperature here in the Montréal to La Côte. Low was about 3 degrees, 38, 8, after toasty. This is a horrendous story. Mother of Soldier killed an Iraq collapses and dies. Her grief was so intense, but workers says. Two sonner is on a. A 45 year old woman collapsed in die days after learning her son of a killed an Iraq in just hours after seeing his body. Results of an autopsy were not immediately released, but friends of Karen Unrewarers, since he couldn't stop crying over losing her 25 year old son. Army specialist Robert Oliver Unreward was killed by enemy fire near Baghdad on September 25. Her grief was so intense and seemed to could have harmed her. Could cause the heart attack. Her husband described it as a broken heart. She had a terrible mental illness. She had a terrible mental illness. She had a terrible mental illness. She had a terrible mental illness. She had a terrible mental illness. She had a terrible mental illness. She had a terrible mental illness. She had a terrible mental illness. She had a terrible mental illness. She had a terrible mental illness. She had a terrible mental illness. She had a terrible mental illness. She had a terrible mental illness. She had a terrible mental illness. She had a terrible mental illness. She had a terrible mental illness. She had a terrible mental illness. She had a terrible mental illness. She had a terrible mental illness. She had a terrible mental illness. She had a terrible mental illness. She had a terrible mental illness. She had a terrible mental illness. She had a terrible mental illness. Because it's not politically correct when they asked him about, what are you saying that this is a, that these soldiers are dying for nothing? And you all know, well, of course they are. If it's an unjust war for was based on a pack of lies, which it was, how could it be dying for legitimate cause? It's got actually nothing to do with fighting the war on terrorism. It's got nothing to do with protecting America. There being used as a human sacrifice. It's ponds in his game that the, the neocons are using. To launch their P&A crap on the world. And of course the public was a little bit more bushless like there's in 10, you look like that and carry the, in 10, which got that big thing on his lip. That's about the extent to which I would say about 70% in working public consumption and think is what they look like. And that's why bushless did a major bad because you look like a lunatic. He looked like a bull frog and he. Like rumbles still soon on a bad day. He's a bunch of over that podium. They should change his meds. Winsing and nodding and well, they should maybe let him have a little bit of a fact the one guy wrote that instead of that water and a glass, he was reprinted. It was like jacked animals. That might have come to that little bit. That's what he needed. It wasn't that color. Maybe she was chicken a flash got of his jacket pocket and take a little swig or we know it. And on your and T. Amanda and guntotin pick up direct driving Americans, they love that. That's our president. All right, you go, George. Have one for me. Oh, I don't want to get anybody scared. We don't like people getting nervous over yet. Because that would be irresponsible and bad. But patients in the US faith assorted their flu vaccine and they'll come in season after Sharon Corp announced today. It won't be able to make any of the product due to regular drugs or problems with this British plan. Oh my God. Sharon state and said it previously expected to provide early half the West apply the flu shots for the next flu season. 2004 and five. It's said it's discussing potential impact with the US food and registration. Those great robbers and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. US public health officials said vaccine signs will be a hard hit by the announcement. If what our understand is correct and that would be a significant disruption supply to Dr Walter Ornstein. Oh, a system directed by the vaccine center at Emory University School of Medicine in Atlanta and former director of the National Immunization Program at the CDC. How do you like that? A shortage of flu shots. If he's probably if your people are going to die from getting them. Sounds good to me. Speaking of people dying, am I I'm reading a whole lot of stuff here, but you know what? That's okay. I want to try to get this all in. Don't have that many more. Okay. Three, four, five, six, eight. Who do we appreciate? I'm going to few. Don't forget to go out there today's year nearby video store. Don't waste any time. No excuses. You have to steal a money to buy that so far too. Get the Fahrenheit 9, 11, the DVD. Michael Moore is amazing documentary which grossed over 80's in the end. Broke all records for documentaries and it's all kinds of extra footage. And they're two. Four US soldiers charged with murder. More of the collateral damage of this insanity, this madness that your neocons have launched. Having absolutely positively nothing to do with 9, 11, with protecting your ass or anything else. Fort Carson, Colorado. Four soldiers accused a smother in Iraqi general during an interrogation last followed in charge with murder, bringing in the total number of US troops charged with murder in Iraq to release 10. The soldiers could get light and prison without parole of convicted leave of 26 death of May 3, general Abad Hamad Malhoush, 57 of time Iraq. The army said Malhoush died of a situation from chest compression and from being smuggled. Kind of Roger that, uh, which one was it? Lionel Tate? It was Lionel Tate. I can't confuse with the thing of Brazil, I understand. But in the well of the time was where his summary of. The handling of Iraqi prison's value as troops has become a worldwide scandal fed by images from the Abu Ghara, Red Prison. But Malhoush's case is rare, so Christopher Wilson from a military prosecutor-in-armed private practice in California. I don't know if any other case where a major general dot of association during interrogation I got that's ever happened in the past 50 years he said. The army gave mod details of what the soldiers are alleged to have done, but the Denver Post, citing unidentified military documents reported earlier this year that cheap war officers Lewis E. Wells offered junior and Jefferson L. Williams. So the sleeping bag over Malhoush's head and rolled him from his back to his stomach while asking questions. Well, that sounds to me like a standard operating procedure. Of course it is. Also charged in the death war, served in first class William Summer and Specialist Jerry L. Loper. He was kind of lopin' long. Speak in a criminals by the way. Well, the dolphin's only thing they got enough bed press already. Nope. Good. I'll just add that. Well, this is the next dolphin anyway. That's if it confused the mercury amorous or... I'll always say, which? Huh? Got busy. No, no, not recently. No criminal. He's just a boring guy. Bobby Humphrey, Sammy Smith. And the guy from Michigan State which I can never think of as a name was, it was a Dimitrius underwood was that his name? Yes, what about Cecil? And Cecil, can't he? He was just trying to get a peek. He was just trying to get a look. I remember somebody I know and like a lot. He's talking about the fainting of the fainting of the fainting of the fainting of the fainting of the fainting of the fainting of the fainting of the fainting of the fainting. Oh, he was just trying to get a look. Yeah, right. If you see somebody interesting or you meet somebody on the street and you want to just kind of take a look and see what's going on there. Begrooming this clown crawling through the window. Anyway. Oh, in fact, is there something there I have to dump? You're right, the Anne very in. What does he say? Oh, yeah, but the P.I. word. Because I do want to play that. I'll give you a top taker. Federal authorities in the air, Concorded of accused former dolphin, Migra C. remarking room of an array of crimes, including Screens to cash counterfeit checks, laundry drug money, and dealing stolen luxury cars. You go, boy. In an indictment made public yesterday federal authorities in forlaterdale saying, Engroom cash more than $300,000 in Foni checks and loaded another 200,000. Engroom was also accused of laundry drug money, dealing in stolen luxury cars and cash in counterfeit checks, and a criminal complaint on the deal of New York yesterday. The charges were the latest legal trouble for Engroom 39, who's already served the six months federal sentence for possessing Cotterfeit bills. He was being held Monday at the federal detention center in Brooklyn, for allegedly violating terms of his release on earlier charge. Well, Cotterfeit and Gills is good enough for the son of the mayor of Miami, line a good enough from our kingdom, right? How about Dan Ingram? To get to be floored in that in an affidated by New York based FBI agent Charles D. Russell Stalt, the extended English alleged criminal activity, which, first came to light three years ago, when he was arrested in the stolen carry in Miami. He's accused of selling four stolen cars to one of cover agents near the National Airport and meeting with undercarboring to discuss laundering drug money in Florida. Another rocket scientist, and they probably could use him right now, I mean, he's like, sign him off. The wind is down, buddy. They'll amount sign him off. Hey, you can use anybody right now. I'm thinking Danny Boy is probably thinking about me going to come back. And let's just help an else way and suit up Danny. At least get some good PR out there. Whatever happened to that job of his. Oh, man. You talk about the unraveling of an organization. That is just so sweet for those of us who just fight a detestable and deplorable and grow test. Flight six after one, and boys, it can be every on Sunday or what. If you want to know more about following a low carb diet, you want the best tasting largest less than low carb foods at the very best is price. And head for a great store in the lights of West poker with your starting or restarting for the umpteen time, the atkins, the sugarbusters, the sound feature any low carb sugar free diet. The lights of West poker's always been the number one low carb store in the entire south of an area. We know you can shop your local grocery store and you can get your meat and fish and cheese and all those things. But if you want some items that really are, you're giving you a variety of things with some taste. The things you're Jones in for if you want a better selection, you might be able to try before you're alive and all your questions on low carb dieting answered to. This is the place. Your low carb headquarters, you lights the West poker. You'll find over 1200 great products like carbolite ice cream, bread, pasta, chocolates, brownies, cookies and lots lots more. The lights is open every day, 7 days away from 10 to 10 you'll find about the northeast quarter of glazed row in 441 right next to Boston Market are column toll free at 1-877 low carb, that's where they double you. And low WCAR beer on the way below carb.com. There's only one. You lights the West poker, your official atkins retail center. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. The next one. Burner그�dır azure credited on the back paint white. Oh, the next one. Medorevskyi, Shardpur Kori Tsu. continental to go, Oh we're there on the back. I got that one. We're got that one. Sabah Qilibazti and Ebonia Sildaring George Sercza. Well, you're not that bad, Tul. Well, Adam St89o taps so much into this BO this week. Her Majesty's Honorable aim is to let the military coup pass. Mm hm Director Sharon Dece got them and Bitter. Nine. Nine. Seven, nine. Eight. Nine. Nine. Ten. Fifty. Seven. somebody says I did he was a great in I had the idea well there you go look it up make sure now what about Neil Bowen and Neil Sedak and we ever get the load on that yeah they both are not didn't think so I don't want now Jean Rogers of all people's regular facts you're generally good guy he must have gotten the supply in early before the weekend I don't get it who's your all-time favorite Canadian celebrity we're asking today John Candy 125 Mike Myer 77 Jim ferry 67 Neil Young 59 Leslie Neilson 45 Bill's Chanders got 37 Bill Hartman 36 Michael D. Fox 26 that I scored 15 others you double did I should I had 24 teen Avolabine 14 and Burton Cummins and the Celine Dion I told a piece oh yeah when I think of Burton Cummins I always think of Celine Dion I did this it done oh yeah don't you all the time oh my god how many QA and hello hello yes sir I just wanted to say that Victoria gotty the hotty yeah I was doing and the show still sucks yeah I wish you still hot and her point of my two oh okay well we'll arrange a we'll arrange it before yeah that's what the ambulance Scalia and he says we should bring court or Jesus the coming down for a sense the gotty show below is 567 O560 pound 560 and the Verizon singular wireless line I'm gonna not sure I would know I had seen one so I did see the apprentice one time about five minutes so with the don all I would done you talk about being able to pedal the public any kind of crap that you can imagine he's got a bad bad do he's as boring is vanilla pudding and he's got a lot of money big deal and a lot of his business deals upon South Lake anyway but he's on television dummy W2A and hello morning Neil how are you doing good afternoon hey I'm sorry I'm sorry you talk about seeing your website most of the time you have a don't your cable motors we can't hear our computers up because the motor was all still down really yeah I've been trying for three weeks to get my motor back up they keep selling the server sound I'll be there well that's a sound for the for a man yeah you're out you have to go one and internet cafes where you get real computer go to the phone line it's on right don't take it over you don't take care of it I like that I didn't know that starting to take it personal weren't you yeah nothing we're not getting good results response on air but not not the way it should be like today for example I mean anybody that doesn't take a puke at the beaded curtain today not only for the fine picture of Charlotte Lewis even if they have no idea who she is I like the picture but the uh... reclium for an offensive line man the dolphins maybe offensive but that picture is sure for a lot of folks out there let me ask you right now what's not the light and then of course the leader of the free world with boy haha you can just sit there and play with that all day and the picture too it's just a good drive you wild and those knows and the nose grows is that song by it is in lighthouse nobody knows where my rosemary's nose grows something like that I like that working I wish I could play but it's got that CDs all chopped up remember I try to play that yes indeed and it's got a little bit of a lot of that I did fix that thing real nice that you have a lift is there on the tray the lift on the tray yes I think it's to realize that's going to thank you w qa and hello so far the o qa and hello hello people to see this one until two w qa and hello yes sir I just wanted to repeat that my copy of a certain amount of love in that copco they have lots of copies of $18 and I think so I actually I actually got two copies because once for me and once the window out to people at work I think that it's all this you know make sure to window our copies to understand his orders I think we can have a real impact I hope hey and something else for George please check your email I just sent you a photo I think that you and well that you want to see think Tom Brady all right thanks a lot Pally ready by Tom Brady's start naked by the way thanks to Albert who provided us with the leader of the free world picture who was Albert the moment of recon for which one Albert yeah the the Reckley and for the dolphins I'm recon for the dolphin thing yeah thanks Albert wherever you are you're great what else what else did he give us once upon a time all of the member of the whole bunch of things which is all this thing oh man we love to get a cruise and stuff for us so bad that she's dead it's so how it was she was a good union yeah that's what I finally just a lost contact with his fan of community when I had the goal the other gate up when you bought all this yeah yeah to work on a scenic rosin and you were so in tune with them before right now that's right we were seeing a song side by side side by side so I'd be for hanging out in domino park on Sundays right we're in our guayabiris rick and arch coffee called bano right in the car behind the coffee called me to see play whatever they like that is Chicago where the way in Wisconsin and wait a minute I see the city's Chicago and Wisconsin now that's not this is bad they shouldn't know what is this from that's from the other quantities channel eight will screw them they don't know how to do this Illinois in Wisconsin they are watching a program that was residents by cheaper refills on their prescription drugs from Canada are lending the UK governor rod blugoy of it that's his name actually show is the medically a president he's a guy in his name is blugoy of it plans to kick off the program today at a news conference with the Wisconsin governor Jim Doyle the starting this program despite federal laws banning prescription drug importation they're saying but I'm being a few years under their plan for the service with use of a set of two free number full number linked to them to connect in run clearing house that would provide information and cost about a hundred most common brand name drugs consumers would then factor in the retail prescriptions which must pass the doctor's review before being filled by network pharmacy see her again carries in favor of it let's get those cheaper drugs stop playing the drug companies rip off the public and bush of course who's in bed with all the big uh... i mean you name it any big corporation how's can you go and they do them by the way sure you you you you you you you you you you young as to young you I'm right you you you you I'm not a little too different now we're here I'm not a little too much but I'm not a little too much with those but I'm not a little too much if you play full of fish you you you you you you you you you I guess my girlfriend forgot their kill me you you're the other big one so I know this whether I'm not you are the official you wys and off i now and with this I've left not hiding my now is you do I need y i make I was just got the English letter. Yeah. I had the whole turn down. I just got the last letter. That was alright. 143, poor Cecil Man, he just wanted to take a look. Just look at how going there, take a look. See what was going on, what she looked like in the sack and stuff like that. All this speaking of things in the sack, coroner says in Denver, we moving man's organs was homicide. And he wanted to know why? He wasn't completely dead yet. He was mostly dead. A Western Colorado coroner said yesterday that two hospitals allowed vital organs to be removed from a man they had proven when he was before they had proven he was brain dead and he declared that death a homocyte. The cause of William Rardon's death was removal of his internal organs by an organ recovery team. Mount Rose County, cornermark young said he said he didn't believe the case would be a criminal letter, but that it should lead to clarification what they said to the standard days. Well let's ask Terry Shival, maybe she's got the answer. Rardon's heart, liver pennedess and two kidneys were transplanted in the waiting patients, and yet his brain wasn't dead yet. Well I can think a lot of people look QA in that if that were if that was a standard. They'd be poppin eyes out by the parts like crazy, you know, kidneys, bladder. Bad news by the way, I don't want to be on anybody's parades. First of this close to the collection, just for which from today, and with a big vice presidential debate come up tonight, while prices hit a new record about fifty dollars a barrel today is a prolonged US production outage, following a hurricane, I haven't attracted first, especially buying. Oh no. But thank you, Peter's low gas prices though, Mr. President. US Lightcoop, Plan 75, Sense to 56 of barrel and London Brent crude, and there's nothing crude or than those brits, rose seventy-four cents to forty-six ninety-three of barrel. Why is it that the brits have got such bad breath and such nasty teeth? I guess they go hand in hand side by each. Right, dealt with. God, they have got the nastiest teeth, teeth, black nastiest gross, and a teeth too. Supply anxiety is building ahead of the northern hemisphere, winner, when demand for heating were all boy, could it be a long cold winter baby? When demand for heating were all surges inventories of crude and distillates in the world's top energy use of the US, are running as much as 4% below last year. US production has been slaughtered recovering from hurricane, Ivan and people are worried by the low level crude and distillatory and a winner yati on it. Let's take a look on the gambling channel, which are very such. I avoided it as seriously, whatever it had that means. But let's take a look for our customer. But what the hell is down about twenty? Oh no. Crude oil is almost fifty-one dollars a barrel, record fifty ninety-four. Fifteen dollars a ninety-four. Come on. Holy moly, thanks for those low gas prices, Mr. President. Thanks for that fantastic job you've got of securing piece of the Middle East too. You've got a record tag. I noticed that those Israelis in the Palestinians are just, their gudies has their candy and flowers. I wasn't a while some of that, but generally speaking, exchanging halava. I wouldn't be surprised if the Palestinians are eaten, a humankind can't pour them time. No doubt. WQAM hello. Yes sir. I thought they're speaking. How are you buddy? Good buddy, how you doing, pal. Good. I want to say that clearly that can't feel black. Yeah. So, okay, thanks. Good, that's good news. Crude oil got canceled, which I said. I don't know why, sir. Anyway. You know, Raymond Burr, there was a good stereotype for a game. Americans, but naturally we've had to see Paul in, and at least screaming, flamers on the silly assures. It's really sad, it's tragic. It's tragic. They're tragic. Just like, you know, fat Albert. I mean, couldn't black people have a little bit better stereotypes. Like maybe Barack Obama for example. There you go. And articulate little bit guy who was, yeah, I was, I would say Julian Bond, but Julian Bond was like, I didn't, of course, I'm black, Garth O'Neill. He's not really even black, you know. So what do we get, we get like fat Albert, and we get the rappers and all the low lives of the university. That crap. That's what black people buy. Of course it's not. What is that? It's like a self-fulfilling death, which is what it's like. Not that we live in a racist country or anything like that. You know what, it seems that we're doing roshies. We're talking about the question of the question of the question of the question of the question of the answer. A and. Howard David's a bitch. What do we do? We do. We do. We do. He's going to be like we're here now. Looks like it's going to run fast. Now some of the money will run. Laws are going to shut body down. And I'm going to realize that now. That's the. It's not going to be like me. Right here now that... ...by people some Deputy Primus Two didn't. Dad. You didn't. You can't get me back. You can't get me back. We do our own first forces and that means spicy Yup正 Daily Fun. I'm taking the pork belly in round belly and fruited meat. Don't follow lug balesrecks, AllRight жел storage you grab only trees I will pick all the stars Which help you share Too glad they emphasizes this Guests feed me And that's about passengers You can make people do anything if you're afraid. Today's thinking action follows all of the airports in the United States. All commercial airlines have been surrounded. But we had some airplanes authorized at the highest level of sub-art government to pick up the summer and live in Stanley members to transport the modern country. Little of the water is corporations, and it's hiding the full of townways to figure out how much money can be made from. First that oil sucks flowing. It's gonna be awesome money. Whatever it costs, it's gonna be a good business for the people. Characters can get members of the Congress to pick up the electricity and the army and the political rest. If you were to take the trade after the house, the infrastructure of medical and financial records. It gives one important model something to the power. If we children in the United, it's printed in the middle of the United, how could Congress pass this concrete episode out of the building? It's a good one myself. We don't need most of the bills. No one would refuse. Remember the fire? This is my memoir. I like to read two of the music made for you. The baby soul. Oh, I don't just want. I just want to turn it into the streets of small town in the United. To the front lines. To the front lines. To the front lines. To the front lines. And the headmills. Don't think we'll call you, Billy. I call you my base. I call you my base. I call you my base. I call you my base. I call you my base. Do you know everything they can to stop these terrors? Yes. Thank you. Now I'm surprised. I'm surprised. Okay, this little reminder to go out and pick up the DVD. They're for 99. I don't know about you. Are you looking at the computer right now at the screen? No, the other type. I was just shutting it down. We'll take a peek at it. Are you seeing our website or any other website at this point? I can't see anything at this point. But Josh can't. He's reporting quickly. Does it look like normal? I'll tell you in a minute. What's going on over there? See it's a four minutes till the hour. I'm going to have to go to. And nobody of these guys are like packing it in. If I can say that, can I say that? They're packing it up. And then you're going to go home. We're checking on the stand up. But like we got a few face to fry. No, no, no, no, no. It looks like to me is a dead. I don't want to get anybody panicking. He could be my computer. But I really doubt it. Yes, sure. I'm very important. Everything's fine over you. Is it really? That's right. Maybe my server is down. You think that's possible. How now did that happen? Maybe we just had a big neck attack on our server. Something like that. So if you don't get any bedtime stories, you're most because we're on the fritz. I'll be damned. Nothing. And if we just got, I've said it. So well, there we go again. Somebody's little and a boat little over there again. So I can't give it to results. Maybe you want to give it to result. What the pole is right now or not is the case. Maybe I really don't care. Go for a dash. John Candy, 138 boats, Mike Myers 80, Jim Kary 71, Neil Young 64, Leslie Nielsen 46. Well, you've shot in a 41. Everybody else. Small bit. Yeah, exactly. After that. Well, wouldn't that be something if the whole, and I'm thinking of myself, Wow, maybe we just had a internet. I'm not that want to get people pan-key, I understand. Oh, my God. But it maybe it's just me. Maybe it's something that happened with my server here or with the computer. Who knows? Just out of nowhere. Go to find that a little bit odd. A little bit. A little bit. Strange. A little bit. Look at this. Just paid for half a display. No matter which site that you click on. So all I'll do with it when we're done. A couple of minutes here. WCWM, hello. Oh, now we're good at that. Oh, oh, and guess it. Oh, I'm getting it. Oh, I'm getting it. Now, what the hell is that all about? All the dots are gone? Yeah. We got them here, though. So what does that mean? I think you're having a line problem. A line problem? Like a telephony problem. And guess who's in middle with our line? Oh, no, this could be difficult. But I doubt it was going to be for the show. Oh, no. This freaking engineering department at WCWM. So help me, we haven't had one moment of downtime. What is computer since the three years I've been doing shows here? This studio works as fine as you I line. And now all of a sudden that Jim, for us, and he's got the number and did learn about the phone company here, because of some alleged problem on his end with a fact in which I'm sure is on your end. Now all of a sudden nothing is coming out. Oh, whatever they just did there, you better before you leave. Go out and grab him by those long hours. You can see about the short hairs, but you don't have any. By the long hairs, just drag him bodily around in a hallway there until some of you kick some sense in his head. See, if the old QA model again, if it ain't broke, screw around with it. Fix it. Oh, I'm sure about that. Well, you know something maybe the cases that started a couple days early this year. This vacation. Yeah, you know, you can't go along just. How can you do it? The phone is working just fine. The internet was working just fine. And now we got QAM. Oh, don't go, don't go. Again, screw with things. Just sit around. Okay, well, it's another project for us to work on because like I've always told you, we can never get like more than one to one at the same time. That's what Miss Boss says. My doll coming up next to Humphord for this afternoon. Heaven help. Bye bye. Bye bye. I love eating nuts. I love eating nuts. It's the base of fat. I love eating nuts.