Always heard it at Joel Rose, over the wrong, he's the best. Oh my goodness, it's a broken. We are supposed to win your battle. You can't! No, no, no, no! You can't win! It's Friday, you rested. What the hell was that? I think you're the most annoying one of the big stars right now. That little bitch sweet voice. I'm gonna get away with a little puny feel. We should do it. I got you, I just, I just, I just, I just, I just, I just want to lie to you. Ah, the more I hear you. Yeah, what about it? The more I hear you. What do I hear? And when I hear you. I want to die. And you're tech-to-reel. No, no, no, no, no, no. You're a fool. You're a fool. And you're a fool. Why you, why you're an expert, you. Then try to. I know my smell of traction. Thank you. But unlike that, you. You've still got such a job. I feel just like that you are my favorite. And when you need to run on it. That's why you're still not fine. That's a bit, that's a bit, that's a bit, that's a bit. The more I hear you, the more I hear you. The more I hear you, the more I hear you. The more I hear you, the more I hear you. I'm going to jump and put you in the tomb. And you're a fool. Can't wait till it's over. No, all right, that's enough. Give another slap for us, Emma. 10 out of 1. 10 out to at 5 60, WQA man. This place is just full of controversy and hate and rifts and riff raf. Love, hearts, all of these things, man. I thought our only real problem was our from Boca. Little that realized he's just small potatoes these days. You know? I think the biggest problem is that guilty is so Dispartigated away from our from Boca. That's where the real problem lies. If you ask me, I can be wrong about that because you know, I'm so out of touch. Thank God. Anyway, we got a lot of guilty material here today. So we'll probably play this. No, no, no, no. Several times. No, no. No, no, no, no, no. Anyway, it's in Sarni, right? So a bunch of crap. Hey Jim, you haven't got any clue what you're writing about as usual. You're another stop for the loser. Anyway, four held in beheading of American. Do you see that story? No, no. Just in. Iraqi police have arrested four people in the sling of American Nicholas. Burg and Iraqi security officials said yet today this morning. The suspects were from our as a Sodom who says fed-i-ean paramilitary Organizations of the official who spoke on condition of anonymity. They were arrested a week ago in a house in Salaheddin province north of Baghdad. And that great that we have all of these words that. No, there's that any idea you got to know where these are. What is that? The moving pictures of one of the prisoners. Oh, the abuse. Hey, listen, they should be given a medal. That's what the good. That's what you're already in city yesterday. That poll you took good poll, but man to response was about as embarrassing as anything we've ever had on this show. Does it's pricey? The group that was involved in the killing of Burg was led by Yasser Al-Sabaoy. And that few of Sodom was saying this security official said. He said American intelligence that asked the Iraqi authorities to hand over the suspects. But they were still in Iraqi hands. Al-Sabaoy was not among those arrested. He said. And I'm sure also not arrested was Al-Zikari who supposedly did the beginning. And probably wasn't even there because he's dead. He had a very, at the very least, had it's a legshot, though. Not well. No. Yeah, that's what he said, but he chopped his leg off. Anyway, George S. yesterday. And you'll be pleased to know those people who like me and hope I'm around a while. And those people who hate me like poison also be pleased. Because otherwise, what would they do if I wasn't here? I have no light. Everything came out just fine. So to speak. Oh yeah. Everything was great. Good. The prostate is great. 2.4 PSA for an old far like me is fabulous number. So yesterday, I had several... Vissinger's. What? Yeah. It felt like a finger. Well, I can't go into that. No, you can't. I can't go into it. They sure did. Well, the problem is when you go to these, see, there's no more proctologists. Now, it's core rectal specialists, just something like that. In other words, BAH! Hold doctors. But when you go there, they have like a whole team. I said, is that the first team you've had back there? Did you get ready behind me? Whatever they're going to do? I would have sworn I saw a depot. You know, that depot showed up with the who else was with him with the P.D. Lenny. Right? For example, they party at the turret. I wasn't invited. And our program director Clarence Dero set a cheap Jew that he drove all the way up to... Where was it? Somewhere in Broward. I've no idea. He drove all the way up there just so we can get a free meal at turret. He probably spent like five bucks gas going up and back. But he didn't care because it was a free meal at turret because he's a shenor. He's learning fast. Then embarrassing or what? No, I didn't. So P.D. Lenny showed up and also D.F. I wonder what kind of drug I mean, what kind of stuff they ate up there? Anyway. Oh, listen, I'm loaded for it today. You have no idea. Just wait, wait till I get to Goli. Oh, hey, Goli. Let me tell you right now the idea of you doing a pantser games. I was thinking about it driving the work this morning. It's a goal. It's a goal. It's a goal. It's a goal. It's a goal. I need to sit right now. Can't you? Are they a Randy Moll or reach it over and slap it on one? Yeah. Slap again, Randy. Because there's a rift is what Joe Rose is reporting this morning between Randy Moller who is by the way the Panthers director of Broadcasting. I didn't know that. Red beer Randy is the Panthers director of Broadcasting with their 0.7 share. That nobody cares about it. In fact, Mad Dog had a driver home for mommy's Wednesday. And Mad Dog had a call somebody saying, how about that flyer lightning series? And man, he said you got 10 seconds. Nobody cares about it. And then he was counting down the 10 seconds. I think I was trying to say something. So why the Panthers are on this station? I have no idea because we are the anti hockey crowd except on this show. And Goli would like to be in there, but you know, he'll get slapped aside. Oh, oh. I, uh, Randy Moller and everybody else too. I'm going to slap him around a little bit today because he deserves it. He's not a control. His ego has just become so massive and vivid. I don't know if I should do while I need to game until on season. How can I do the games and stay on the morning share a question? The main thing. See, that's why he wants to get off the morning show two a two-prong thing. First of all, he desperately wants to get away from our from boat because we can understand easily. So does everybody else. I'll tell you our good friend. Our from boat is so desperate to find an ally that he's even sucking up to the beast now. How do you like that? Did you hear that? No. Yeah. Oh, yeah. That's right. We're almost there. Oh, good friend. I think we're pretty tight with our good friend. Our from boat is just I mean Joe just teaching her blow his brains out and even look at him. He would. He would. He would just assume grab that piece that must get off his head and just think it's just a bit of a The squad office had it in just about a bank just to do that. I was looking at them all ever again because it was a little bit p-o-de- Our from Boka just in general not anything specific that I know of just in general this life Fibely so anyway the whole thing goes on and Galdi wants to do the games You know if you want to do all the games with a squeaky voice and go it's a go But anyway, I just I somehow can't envision that I know he did that one game when Chris Moron was In New Jersey or something you know it couldn't make it back And I I went to bat for Galdi remember those days back in her day and I was when Christine and Moron Anybody would have been a big improvement over Christina I mean now that we got jugs McDonald being put out to pasture by the way It's just a radio show jugs quit being so sensitive could be in a grumpy old man just like our from Boka Okay, they'll say bad things about you don't want to do that and blemps your otherwise Media okay, I mean you're fine record over all those years including the two years in Toronto With a rodeo to town on a rail you don't want to do that jigs What what are you smoking about that's true? You think real hockey fans like the Maple Leaf fans listen Especially after being honored with a great Joe Bull and a good listen to jugs McDonald my god That's like a slap in the face is what that is through real hockey fans how many of those we got here? Bob could man yeah, it sounds like I'm rambling I am but that's okay. Yeah. I am just in a rambling mood I'm a rambling guy to them like Bob say it will mean yeah. I'm a rambling man. Wait a Top couple couple couple couple of pills Couple of pups Nine minutes while we're excited cuz we're waiting for a ponytail Jeff Cohen to bring his food to them Actually gonna break a longstanding fast and on the air fast Haven't had food in here what I'm here in a long run. No, but today we'll make an exception because you got stiff You're not fooling us ponytail. You're not fooling me. I'll take it that George was in here with Josh yesterday Collishing is the Chinese dying for food just starving to death and We're gonna get to if you want food give it give it the order to a real man Which had any skipy okay anybody who's a bigger shrimp than you are a Smaller shrimp a smaller shrimp than you are See him is not somebody that you give a Major league man's job like in the food in here. He could have just said the chapter and want to have anything to do with nobody You see you're assuming that he cared No, I'm not a certain you told him all all Meals gonna be back tomorrow bring in food tomorrow so he's full of that that was that was it is for a skimmy who's gone He doesn't care about you. We got lots of friends. He doesn't care Who just said that I understand but he doesn't have way no care about you enough to tell you that those He has a party that then you could have called somebody that would have brought a food home in Ira right All of a sudden by land of city sub were experts are getting free food in here everybody knows that we're both feeling faint Yeah, Josh had to eat Chef boy R. D. Spaghetti Yeah, I know he likes to eat but that's beside the couldn't get any I say Maybe Jeff I'll bring you some of those Tell me it's pat and by the way, I'm not putting you on the air pony tail not after your brutal behavior of George and Josh yesterday That was very very acceptable. I mean no cuz if you'd have brought you food yesterday He sure wouldn't come at the only reason I won here today is cuz we have no more so to more so to Back in the back in the day in the salad days the glory days If I can say that you might say glory Well, you still have all these people bring this like south Alconey would bring us that great the sole water the bottle water straight from Italy All of the stuff that used to come in here and it was great when when people like this But now we got so many people that he just liked poison early. He's not you like poison And so I have to suffer for it these few weeks a year when I'd bother coming back here I have to suffer. I mean the cupboard is bare look you know Used to be cartons filed up to the sea with free water and free Snapple all kinds of stuff here. Not here. Why should they? Yeah, they don't they don't like you like skipy They don't care about you they're small potatoes. Oh my own soda That's fine. Yeah, like that is soda. Oh, it's got caffeine in it I don't know that's why you know I bought it because you keep eating that caffeine You'll find things growing in your back dome Tony right now That's what they told me yesterday to clearly that's right. I could explain things They said we see like evidence of caffeine in your back dome We can't talk about it like because that might then the next logical stuff is that Duff spot about painful Patients attention man painful vacation. I mean the defacation Is now what they call it when like a death guy gets some time off from work a defacation I think that's what they call it anyway. What do you think? It's painful here right. He's a not getting that panther job not if I have anything to do with it 12 minutes after 10 at 5 60 WQM VOOM is not just your ordinary regular TV anybody can see that but it's high definition TV delivered via satellite dish and HD receiver The picture is so sharp it's almost like you could reach in there and just tickle your athletes right on the Solar plexus VOOM is the only entertainment system designed for high definition TV VOOM has got the most HD TV anywhere is they provide you all the equipment necessary to enjoy the ultimate HDV spirits including the satellite dish HD receiver and the remote I bet you I know who'd like one of those our from Boca and VOOM is God over 30 channels I'm afraid of HD programming you can watch ESPN and high definition that's three times more HD TV channels And you get from cable they got all your other favorite channels to like HP oh MTV even your local theoccal channels which are mighty sad VOOM's got over 120 channels are great entertainment. They got exclusive channels also of HD movies music and sports that you can't get from your cable satellite company so with VOOM you get all the stuff you got now plus all these awesome High definition channels to enjoy call VOOM today make your HD TV set worthwhile call him toll free at 1 866 848 8666 or visit VOOM.com for a limited time off of the includes for installation No upfront cost no long-term commitment call 1 866 848 8666 or go to VOOM.com So start VOOMing today and you better do it right away because today is what 21st 10 more days offer ends May 31 9 life and low 6 is 4 30 566 828 We mackin' on this is Joe Boe on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority Neil God 9 Scan is 4 pinching Vishal four pitch these hurries and overheadtime and Ukraine claims the court or Apple they're about to there is one between Hank Ин. I'm something that we know they did not do. I'm a shipwriter, Nazi occupation. Outwear all screw. I'm an artist of victory with the freedom rings. And I elect from my mark while you're doing their thing. And third thing it made. Black women of violence. There's a comic moment whose safety is in my eye. Over three of them has raped the stars, and dressed as a atrocity for false. And my son, but you only follow harder. Who will put with me home? Can it come in Steve? Tell me if that will die. Black women hurt like brother on the Saturday night. What a place to be. Ten eighteen at five sixty wqm happy Friday two. We got the mad dog at two. I'm looking at this at Hooters in the pines. No less. But that's kind of a little change in it. Change a paste. Change a place. Why not? Humper in the studio four to seven this afternoon. The Hebrew hammer Henry Goldberg. Marlon's on deck at seven. A one game last night. The turn things around. Kind of like when I was at the doctor yesterday said turn that thing around. It's bad when you're behind there and you can't they make you hunched out over that table and they got like three of them behind you. And they have that cloth over your back. You can't see what's going on back there. And you feel these instruments are at least your praying that they really are instruments. Anyway, we can't go into it. Boogin from addoctad. To do play. To do play. Boogas in for the mad dog. Was that clearance on a phone? Yeah. Well, how come when he was in here before scratching his private? Why didn't he tell us about that before? I don't want to see you scratching your private. Did you notice that when he was in here? Thank God, no. I guess he was aroused because he had seen the beast in the hallway a couple of times. Yeah. Yes. Maybe that's why the beast head was glowing when he came in here before. Just like one of them bugs. What are they called? The little ones that light up like, you know, the fireflies. Yeah. Like a cross between a firefly and a fruitfly. Maybe got a fresh buck. That's what I'm not saying. Anyway, what was I just saying before we got sidetracked? Something very important. And you like got me all off on that clearance crap about him scratching his crunch. What were we talking about? I don't know. Yeah. We were buck y'all. They're not getting that panther job. I don't know if I'm going to do all 82 games. It's a long schedule. You know. Man. Quit belly. I can't. And you're not going to get it anyway because I'm sure that Randy Moore is going to stick a two. That's a room with a Joe start at this morning. That's a real rift there going on. You know, let's spice it up a little bit for that panther organization. They're like a 0.7 share on his radio station. I mean, if we lost a panther broadcast wouldn't that be bad? No. To like a station that really cares about hockey, which we don't. Maybe that Carl Bannand is fostering put it on his five-watch station at night. But nobody can hear. Huh? Still probably have the same 20 people listen because anybody cares about the panthers. We're watching on the TV right here. Here's some old funny that he got like jug McDonald McDonald. And now that he's hanging it up, plus there may not be any season next year anyway. It'll maybe a mood point, right? I'm sure that's what you said. In fact, I got a good idea. Let Yolty. This is maybe this may be the solution. Let Yolty go up in a broadcast booth and just practice all season. There you go. Pretend there's a game on. You know what I'm saying? And make it excited. You're like that. And it's a goal. Let's a goal. Like makes sounds like that. Yolty, I don't think so. I mean, if they really have 50 tapes from real broadcasts, that leaves you up in a cold man. I'm telling you. I don't want to pee on your parade yolty because you're not a really bad guy, but you just ought to control. You need to be put back in your place a little bit, especially the way you treated our good friend. Our forboken. Yeah. He was, I don't know whether we'll mow a still in that room this morning or you're getting your car washed. These guys, you have to see your car getting you give him your key. He can be. They got up a little bit. That's all right. Oh. Man, I saw him driving a Cadillac civil, right up 7th Avenue coming to work. Take it. I'm not that one anyway. It's a piece of crap. Anyway, I don't know. Actually, it's an ice vehicle. They got it from Kim Boe campers University died. You would have had that big cow out in front. A C sure blows cold now. Anyway. Morris in our audience facts is me a whole long thing, which Morris, you know, I knew you had a Senate to somebody. The other day, Rush Limbole actually said that I'll kind of once John Kerry the feed W. just now he knows how he knows another question. Maybe he divided Nathan Arcotic induced reverie. Nice. Nice thought Morris. Anyway, so in sense, I wrote a rebuttal that nowhere else to send it. So I'm factzing into you. Hope you enjoy it. Well, I probably won't enjoy it because I don't have time to read it. Morris, but thanks for getting it off your chest and being pissed off and fired up. And especially here's one Jewish guy that's going to vote for Kerry Morris. Thank you for that. Because I'm encountering all of these Jews for Hitler. Everybody I talked to this week on see this business about how he panders to Israel because he's going to get the Jewish voters saying, Oh, no. He's not going to do that. I think they're wrong. I think he is going to get least hearing Florida. The people I'm talking to. Ethnic pandering working in politics. No, but seriously, I mean, people who have been lifelong Democrats supposedly, although the people I've been talking to are more like an involved in a financial field, which means that they're like, they don't really care about all these other issues or really about Israel. That's just an excuse because they're selfish. And they want to get more tax breaks for the rich things like that. That's where that's really where it is. Yeah. It gives a bad image to the rest of us Jews who aren't cheap penny pitching, you know, that stereotype. Nickel shaving. Right. Oh, nickel shaving. Todd Rex back in the assailant to Primer right now. I'm not shaving it. Yeah. In fact, it's a good thing that he never worked at IOD back in the day because if Steve Nickel would have been the PD, he probably would have shaved him to. With a straight raise right. Oh, good. Not that. I'd like to see. One thing about Steve Nickel, man. He sure had a nose for town. What should happen today? This was your just poll question yesterday. And your response was so outrageous and unacceptable. I'm just embarrassed for you. WDKOM, yes sir. So for now. No, I don't think so. That sounded like your friends. Then what? Well, you got so many. I don't know. I don't want to talk about your mugwums. Okay. If you've been speaking, I'll even cover a words of it. But otherwise, I'm not going to waste my time with you. WQM, hello. Yes. Good morning, sir. Is it bothering anybody? Did a guy who has no minor league experience than what two broadcasts is now up for a major play-life play-life play-life play-life. Borders are a lot of a may outside of it. When there are a lot of really great broadcasts out there. See, the only problem being in this town, or even if there isn't bother anybody, including that idiot Jim Sarny at the Sun settles because they don't know anything about hockey anyway. But you think that Jim Sarny would know a good hockey broadcaster? Probably not, but here's the point. You're championing rightfully. The fact that people don't pay their dues to get up in the business, and that people who are actually devoted to working in the business get past their role at times. What is this in a classic example? Yeah. You've got to squeaky boys, punkers, done nothing. Nothing. His whole career could be the right place. You've got to try to smack him in. In fact, maybe we should do that all day. How is his smack y'all day a little bit? He's very good. Give him a smack. So it's basically promotion by a tradition. Is that it? Well, let me just make one suggestion, too. Yeah, I don't want to say too loud. I think he might work cheap. Really? Think about that. Think about the Panther coaching selection last year, remember that? But you're saying other broadcasters in small markets who wouldn't work at a smaller salary level wouldn't come here? They would probably chop off their own money. Just like what I said, I'll get a car on the same thing to do to Jim. He ran. He money? It's got to be just, you know, in such a way. Well, be sure to tell that to the director of broadcasting Randy Morder, okay? Because I'm sure he's looking for any excuse to not get these name off that list. Did he sober? See ya. Bye. Well, there he goes. There's a guy makes a good point. I think it's Spank Yeldie Friday. He probably used to have that to get him out of Friday, which didn't go over to big that was on the board from Boken. But I think that Spank Yeldie Friday, much as the impact on Titi, who will enjoy that too. I would from Boken. I know. So I started to say this before and interrupted myself because I'm on drugs, I think today. But Yeldie was out there at a hall with Blockhead with Joe Rose. I was confabulating with him briefly when I came in this morning because I don't see them very often, which is fine. I mean, at least in Yeldie's case, which is fine. I liked Joe. But, uh, why are you making a face when I said that? No, I told myself a joke. I never heard of you. But anyway, and they're knocking, they're ripping Mo and I don't know whether he was still in the studio or he was out his way out the door to that whatever he was driving this morning. The Jeep or something, then what was that thing he was driving? Oh, he was talking to Humvee? Huh? An armoured Joe. Our from Boken. That's who we're talking about. He might have already been gone. Because they were standing right outside that studio. There were his sits in there and just his piece and they were like, rip it of an ass. I guess that was just to amused me. Is that what it was? Oh, oh. Anyway, well, when Joe said it was very amusing, I don't find guilty to amusing. I find him to be a very unnerving, disturbing little twerp. Anyway, well, but there's that face again. He's a cute boy. Oh boy. 26 after 10. No seriously, if they're going to be a Panther broadcast, do we know what somebody like this? Like this caller just said it was an excellent call. We don't want beginners. Okay. There are a lot of people who paid their dues. They broadcasted minor league hockey. They broadcasted maybe in Canada where they remembered this day again. Let's get a real broadcast right here. I mean, of course, here, most of these people would know Joe Bowen from Jimmy Bowen. You know, even George knows Joe Bowen. Yeah, because we got drops. There you go. 26 past 10 at 5. 60 WCQ. If you're still afraid to buy a bit over the phone, what are you waiting for? Because for over 25 years, millions of people have dialed 1-800-M8. TTRES for the lowest prices on the best brands in betting. The easiest possible way to buy you a great mattress. This is it. There's no risk because if it's not perfect in every way, if you don't love it, just call them back for a full covered exchange. It's completely free within. But turn the man days. No extra fees, no strings attached. That amount of mattress is ranked number one across the mass satisfaction. And they were winners of the 2004 better business local Torx of Excellence award. When you call 1-800-M8, Chris, you'll get the best prices on the best brands with delivery on your schedule. And the best customer service in the business. So why would you waste any of your time and money, slipping from showroom to showroom? It's strictly a waste of time. It's for suckers. Dahlamactris has the complete line of Seely, surd a King Carl Simmons, tempered against Stearns and Foster Hewitt. From Kendall Stewart and with Foster Hewitt, from Palm Beach to Ford Myers and Chuck Myers, Dahlamactris can deliver the finest betting around. Chuck Meyer by the way, that morning shows Chuck. It was bad. Those interviews. But you need to do the smart thing like everybody else at QM is doing. If you want a great night's sleep at a great price. Top goods called Dahlamactris at 1-800-Metris. Just one easy call and they'll be there when you want. 1-800-MATTRES or online, it's mattress.com. And look, this is Fort Wale, 5-6. It's way, way, way. Why do you best in? Oh my God. Oh, I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you.ığını-of-� Nokse march, youth-of ball-以上- dessa, Derby from Dr2125 Come on away. Daniel Ramsey miss to Tower of my fourth Friday, boy, it is really some kind of a sensational day. You ought to see all the stuff all of crap that's going on in the hallways in this building. Uh, no, this is why it's good for me to come back one not too often just once in a while and see the kind of lunacy that goes on in the name of business in here. And that's right. You're making faces in that wagon you're tongue all around, but that's that's about what this place is all about. It is just an outhouse. Anyway, what should happen to the soldiers in the Iraq prisoner of use scandal, which, of course, the Washington Post has released all those new grotesque pictures today, including moving pictures. Yes, 1544 votes. Absolutely at a disgrace you're respond to this. It is just a grotesque and unacceptable when you come right down to it. Prison time in a dishonorable discharge, 757, 49.1%. I like the 777 myself better. Nothing. They were just following orders, 516. We know about people who follow orders. They should all get a medal. This, this right here, 142, 15.6% who think that these soldiers who abuse the Iraqi should get a medal. 15.6% you people need very, very, very serious. Like a slap. That's what you need. This surprises me. Beating. Yes, really. It didn't surprise you. No. They should get a medal. That's why I put it on there. I knew that. 70 to 90% of those Iraqis that were in that prison were not guilty of anything. If they've already let them 50 of them go. They were terrorists. They made a list of the prisoners. They were killed. Yeah. Life in prison 24. So 15.6% think that this is a wonderful thing. And let's continue abusing because let's face it there a bunch of ragheads. Anyway, and we're pissed off at them. So let's abuse them. Matter of fact, I'm going to be using that to kick it up a notch. But of course, if that's your philosophy, then why the hell are we letting all of our people over there being, what are we doing trying to free them and have our people being killed using that excuse that it's, you know, trying to bring democracy and spilling that child. What are how long have I been to screaming about him about 30 years? But it's Chalabi or Chalabi, however you want to say it, they keep changing the pronunciation like Tony Durset. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Well, they've raided his home. And then we had the story on a website. I headed on there myself. Many, many, many, many days ago, if you read our crap on there, that he was feeding a secret to Iran. He's buddies with the Iranians on one hand. He's good buddies with Dick Cheney, but then every crook's good buddies with Dick Cheney. And on the other hand, he's buddies with Iranians. He was feeding them top secret information, helping them build on a bomb of rendez. And he's the guy that we were going to put in charge. Oh, we don't think so. Again, just like the pictures is the same thing. They keep getting caught with it. Just like I was at the doctor yesterday with their pants down. Well, they got a lot more than three people standing behind him in line waiting. Kind of like just like muff. Wow. Oh, somebody faches you this. Well, no, this is for you. It's just some sci-fi fantasy pull ideas for George. And they can spell you with a GM with a GM. By the way, skipping all like you. Oh, gee. No, of course, you don't like anybody. He's only interested. Like most of the people is building his only in it for himself. If he can if he can ciphon off the commission on any company inherited, name me one new account that he sold on the Neo Rogers. How long has Gippy been on this work in this joint? A yearish. Okay. Name me one new account he sold on his show. I mean, you got Adam Adam a sold a bunch. Adam's always selling new accounts. In fact, Adam is one of the few people we got that goes out there and beats the bush and brushes and comes up with new accounts. Our joy. Huh? Well, you're supposed to say that. All right. Let me get drool like that. I'm not that quick. I don't have it on a button like that. Oh, I like that. Yeah, given how the spanking Randy Morris, he's spanking guilty. He's got him over the edge of the table right now. And spanking both cheeks. Oh, man. I bet he even judge would like to come back and see that one time. How much he just went down late to find a guilty. I don't know why. And then of course, there's rhyme or a while we'll get to the article that Jim Sarny piece. I'm just getting way behind here, which is good. This will kill good couple of hours real fast. Now that's much too late. 1130 my ask Gippy, boy, you are useless. What lit anemia new account that you sold on his show since you've been here. Name me one. He's standing there in the doorway. He's back out of the doorway and now the door is closing and he's on the other side of it. How do you like that? He ain't no true. I'll tell you that. In fact, he ain't no anybody. He even goes back for it. Yeah, he just backs out the door. Oh, he's, well listen, we just exposed the figure. This is a man who came in here. Now, screw in has got a thing for him because I understand he's got something she likes. I don't know. A pretty mouth. Yeah, but the bottom line is all he did was inherit a bunch of accounts that other people sold or that I've had on year for a hundred years. How could he come to any site fitting off the commission? So now Jeff is going to be with our food and our soda 1130. Now let me just say this. Okay. I don't want to get anybody nervous especially some of the nervous nellies in middle-level management, but look at my mug. I'm not that one. Mm-hmm. I've got about three quarters of a mug full of dye. Oh, yeah. Okay. When it's gone, I'm gone. How are you told him off that this morning? You thought I was joking. I can't do a show. I don't know about you. I have to keep sipping because uh anybody who's gonna wait your palette sure you can't do it with dry throw. I mean everybody like deep throw, but nobody likes dry throw. Right. And for those during the course of the show. Maybe. Yeah, I would say that's about right. Which is the camera we all had big but one hour. Right. I would say that and of course it's not all good for it, but then again I'm still alive and I guarantee my test to a lot better than some of you much younger pups out there. Did you bring picture and you want to know why? Oh, yeah, I brought you some inside pictures of my com. Just like that one. Yeah, I know. Oh, my. That looks like something else. We have a picture of each end. Anyway, um, for here's some sci-fi. I'll throw it away. Yeah, I mean, I mean, see, there's help. An insult to George makes it seem like he's some kind of an overgrown child with his high-spection stuff. Okay, which in a way he is, but he don't want to do that on the year. Well, let's do that. Nip it's here's today's poll. Well, we'll get to it. I see he's already got it up there. Well, he wants to get that up there. So he can go do his thing. Okay. He's probably pretty pissed off. I've been wasting 40 minutes now. Not even getting to the, you know, well, doing my own good time. How do you like that, that's so I'll do it when I get around with it. I got I got some big fish to fry here today, including one. Oh, just out of control. I got Jim Sarny wrote that piece. He was in here this morning. I mean, come on. That's squeaky voice piece. I mean, you don't have to have a great voice to be a hockey horse sports broadcaster. You have to have a distinctive voice, but you don't want to have a great annoying voice. See, that's a difference. See the difference between a distinctive voice and a great voice and a greating annoying voice squeaky voice like, oh, like that. Wow. No, no, seriously, there was actually a chill button up and down my spine. I heard, oh, god. I mean, the idea of listening to a hockey game was something doing that for like two and a half three hours. Oh, wow. It's just, uh, well, you know something guilty. Whatever crap we give you today, you deserve it. All right. And the rumor from the organization is from inside the organization is that he's called up. He called up people out of the phone book out of the Miami phone directory and Broward also. Follow the fiction. I think, sure. I said, I think job or not. I haven't offered it to me yet. But with you think everybody, like, like, like, this is what all of our lives that we're following around is. And of course, nobody told him to go get his wife pregnant twice. They could have waited a little bit, right? I think he can't stand his guys who like get their wife pregnant when they get a forward to be, uh, I'm sorry. Sorry. Well, now she, I mean, she pulled a fast one on you. Right. Is if I have to tell you that. The whole world knows it. And ever, at least, she has no shame. See, no, she's a woman. Just like Teresa on passion. So, of course, now they get the blood test and we find out you'll see today that she actually is pregnant. But of course, it's not the eggs from Gwen that she lost that baby. She's pregnant by Ethan now. Is the deal on passion, which I know you're watching very closely. Hmm. And who the hell is that, uh, Paloma that's coming back to a harmony? La Paloma. La Paloma. Blanca. La Paloma. Blanca. I don't know. That's bizarre. But then again, uh, don't let me forget in a couple of ways to do a poll. About phrases and cliches. We've done it before, but I have to do it again. People hate, you know, the one that bothers me a lot. Speaking of sports casting and sports nerds, small ball. Oh, I see you would understand. I do. It's a baseball thing. It's a post-alike having home run hitters in line of, you got a bunch of got it hit singles and blunt and sacrifice and, you know, they scratch out a small ball. Another booster. I love Boat. He's great. He's a good guy. And he's also great at what he does as opposed to David and boring with terminal. But he says that to it. And well, don't do it. Please Boat's do. You're a great broadcaster. You don't need to say stupid cliches like small ball. I mean, if you see Gellys, oh, oh, I hear things. 19 before 11 at 5, 60 WQM, we can't say the things anymore. We can't talk about the size of this or better, but small ball. Oh, kind of like our general manager, small ball is your company suffering from regulations and increased labor costs that Oasis outsourcing help you when it comes to the people side of your business. Pay rule administration. Fortune 500 company employee benefits. Human resource services and risk management are just a few of the services that Oasis outsourcing can cover to help your business be more profitable. That's what it's all about making some cash. Call Oasis outsourcing the day for a free evaluation at 1-86-6 at Oasis. That's 1-86-6-28-6-2747 with more than 60,000 employees worldwide. Oasis outsourcing understands the many facets of human resource management. And Oasis has been recognized by firms both large and small, as a powerful management choice would such as you take your time to focus on your core business, while leaving the operational details to Oasis outsourcing. So do the smart thing. Let Oasis outsourcing make your business a lot more profitable. If you'd like a free evaluation column toll free, the call would even cost you time. No obligation. Call 1-86-6-8-6 at Oasis. No explain what they can do for you. For Oasis outsourcing call 1-86-6-28-6-2747. Here. I'll let us for a total of 10. What else are you therefore guilty? Jambis talking like a baby. Who needs a little driving? Like how you understand. You don't sound like a man. We fool the rubber bands. That's joke. Your scrote come, healthy. Jambis. Jambis. RAP. Jambis. Your lucky management don't care. Because Jambis. You don't belong there on the end. And Jambis. The sports can wait till your voice cracks. No standing one who sounds like that should find another job. That's a loser. And they should only take you back when both your babies drop. L-K-L-D. Daddy. When you're gonna grow up. You may just want to grow up. You feel a sweetly blue. Go to broadcast make school. Your free tuition scores. Make you sound like a plus. You're a high-five. I'm listening. You're a high-five. You're a high-five. Some people are getting examples. Calm down. You like Kamala. You used to be a sales guy at the L-D. And Tom of course has been a clear channel all these things. He's had the rough life. Most guys that like to e-cut a living in the sales business. Now he's working for 850 up there with the Bob Eisenberg and anybody else whose name ends in Berg, Denver, Eisenberg, Goldberg, etc. Anyway, now there's a guy who's a silly guy. He doesn't take himself like real seriously. Right. You know what I'm saying? Tom, Denver understands his place in life. He's just one of those silly people. And we like Tom. But like guilty is a silly person. But he takes himself seriously. That's the difference, Steve. Yeah. I don't want to spank you too much on the air. But Randy Mowler told me to do a perfect kid and ask and put him back in his place. Not come down a couple of notches. Notches. Notches. Anyway, got a lot of stuff to do here today including eat. Man, oh man. This is great. It's Friday. It's Friday. You're about to get out. You're gonna get out of here. Well, it's a party. It was nice to see you and see in the... You're comfortable with the case. You got all the things done that you wanted to done right. Yes. Anyway. Oh boy, you are dangerous. You are dangerous. In fact, you ever see George and Fettrich together. Oh, same person. Look for the QM van that I had six to eight for a cigar tasting event of the Stogi cigars. By the way, I love a big cigar. Big fat stone. Not any kind of a cigar. Good one. Bad one. Me or Juan, but they will kill you. Anyway, cigar tasting event of Stogi cigars at 116 12 North Kendall Drive. Stop how to spin the wheel for Marlon tickets. Other prizes as well. That's at Stogi's six to wait tonight. Kendall 170. That would guarantee him a gullaby there for that. Probably. He likes the Stogi. Sure he does. I can't tell you what he does with it. I'm sure. Tomorrow afternoon, look for the QM van from 111. It's Santa Rosa marble located at 3400 North West 77 Court Mimey. Also, George will be out. Why didn't you come out this weekend? George will be out from noon to two at Bill Siddles Boulevard of Savings. On North West 36th street in Miami. He is now the famous George of St. Chigay and not just he's actually got a name attached to the St. Chigay. Stop by the wind really marginal very embarrassing prizes. But enjoy a really good free food from Eladix City. Substance in our close friend Ira whom we love very very much. He's a good guy unlike his former partner Scott. It's got still there. I haven't seen it. Good. And on Sunday, George will be a daydland Chevrolet boy. You're going to be busy this weekend. Daydland Chevrolet at 8455 South Tixie Highway in South Miami. Stop by the spin the wheel for prizes. And enjoy a free food from Eladix City. Substance is only one problem with this promo. That is, it doesn't have a time. Do we have a time to do? No, you do. I do believe. No, no, no. I don't want to pick out Miguel because he generally means well he would always very confused and overly Cuban, but obsessed with Fidel and all that crap. But no one to two, I guess Sunday. See that would be a good idea to put that in there instead of all the criminal stuff they stick in there. Yeah, all the free plugs. Oh, we'll give you a hundred mentions on there. Anyway, the reason I'm doing this poll today, which some people already are voting on it because Eric is very impatient and he's done his part. Is because here in the inquiry. What? Has a list? It has a list. It has a list. Magazine picks the craziest celebrities. I added one. Did you? I see that. And Hesh. And yeah. But I can't vote. But I did. Anyway, who do you think is the all-time craziest celebrity? Michael Jackson's got 35. Courtney loves got four. Ozzy Osbourne 3. None yet for Sid Vicious around Hesh under the first 42 votes. But we'll get a lot more names for the poll. Lot more votes will start coming in, et cetera. So now, behind a beat of curtain today. Look at this. It's almost 11 o'clock, but I'm just getting around to our beat of curtain. By the way, skip a top ponytail, Lou, uh, step on. Okay. Oh, well, look at it. I got a half a mug. A bit of a gift. I'm dying. So ready. Pump. When the soda's gone, I'm out. I'm out of here. I told him that this morning you had a thought. He'd run to the soda machine and release the Walgreens. You know, tied me over. Just to make sure. I guess he thought I was fun in him. Okay. It was a good joke. I paid broadcast. You're like me. Don't sit in. I'm not going to do damage to my throat. My livelihood. I shouldn't hear doing dry throat on the air. I mean, he ought to know something about dry throat. Attention man. Yeah. Well, that's his favorite line in it. Huh? But anyway, you know, thought that there were maybe clearance with all that money. You say from getting the free lunch at, uh, char-hati of the day. He would have gone down with a couple of nigger quarters. Whatever. Got me a diet soda tied me over till ponytail gets here. Then of course once ponytail gets here, we're expected to feed the whole building. See, that's that's the worst. That's the worst. They give us nothing. Just like Joey Zazai and Godfather 3. You give me nothing. You don't want to give. I'll take. Yeah. I thought we could reason together. Oh, Michael. He like Wallace. Seriously. That could be. We've done that poll. Have we the worst acting performance? Yeah, we did that. Not that long ago. But it's just, it is so unspeakable. I mean, Sophie, as she can't help it. Number one, she's growtess. She's got that huge honker. And number two, she's not an actress. She's not. She's not rustling. She was just a director's daughter. That's all. But Eli Wallace. What is his excuse? He's been acted for a Zillion years for about a, about 30 more. Like about 300. You know, maybe we watch some of his old stuff. And we'd find out they was just, you've never, never a good act. No, I don't agree with them that. Nah, well, was he? Never good as far as I know. But not like that though. Nothing was like that. Not that bad. That was his peak. The good part. And in fact, even when he was croaking on Connie's can always there, he did it badly. Remember, remember, she was looking with the glasses, you know, with the opera. And she's looking with the little glasses. And he's like, he's only ever melodramatic. I noticed. Keep burning. Only, only. First of all, nobody, it'll be, would say that. Nobody anywhere, it'll be, would say that. First of all, it was just, it was just a, a loaf of bread that he probably pulled out of his ass. I mean, it was just, you know, out of the donkey's ass. And then, only, I like, it's a big surprise. Like, you know, use olive oil and Sicily. I mean, wow, what a concept. It's just, well, the script didn't help either. That was part of the problem. Maybe they should for you. It was, it was actually, maybe it was a comedy. We just end with it. Yeah. Let's go watch again. Joey. Zaza. I did like, I don't like Andy Garcia all that much. But I did like him there and I was in the, He went down the horse. He's a good actor. He is? Yeah. I thought we did a couple of this. Yes, that's what I got touched. He was a horse. He was great. He was good in that. That was a good line. What else he was? It got farther three. He was okay. Oh, let's start other movie. It'll come to me. Don't ever give an order like that again. It was not what I wanted. Hey, Michael, how about some cake for your diabetic coma condition? Anyway. Who's that actor? Very great actor. Played the appop that, uh, And that's a true story. By the way, they killed a liberal Pope. They didn't like that. Who's that guy? I'm a great actor. Great actor. Huh? You could look it up on him. I'm pretty sure he's dead. Probably. He was good. Anyway, it'll take me an hour. But I'll be behind to be the curtain if you want to get all excited for the weekend. Stephanie Seymour is on there. That ain't nothing. No slouch. And maybe you will feel a close enough. He will see more. Stephanie Seymour was born July 23, 1968. That makes her 32 and 4. 36 less a couple of months. She's 35. Almost 36. Get an older by the minute. She got her big break in March 1991 while shooting a sexy spread. Can we say that? No. Shooting a sexy for Playboy and Florida Beach. Just four months after having her first child done. Did you know that? No. When I do. And then the event, 22 year old Grace the cover of Vogue UK Vogue. Seymour's rise however began in age 14 when she modeled for local newspapers and departments Thursdays in her hometown of San Diego. 14. She entered the elite look of the year contest. She walked her one way of year for two years and in 1993 appeared in Playboy's Valentine issue in 94 a Seymour hit superstar and two striking photo shoots with fame photographer Richard Abbott on for egoist and Versace jeans. That year Paris match name for the most beautiful model. She also began a longstanding link to Victoria's Secret. Oh, but I won't see that show no more. Because the religion is the goody two shoes. The crazy people. They don't make sure that they make sure that they can be on a more that Victoria's Secret show might see a booby or two on there or something you shouldn't be seeing. Underwear and appeared on the covers of Sports Illustrated L self and Vogue Vogue. She was in two music videos by Axel Rose including Don't Cry and November Rain. She is the most recognized face in swimsuit and lingerie modeling on the planet from Here to Uranus. I'd like that Stephanie Seymour behind the beaded curtain that annual Rogers dot com. Take a puket at okay and make sure you got plenty of ID because John asked if they ain't taking no excuses. He's not taking your word for it. And make sure you hold your hands way up like not just about the counter but like up in ear like it's a stick up like that. Yeah. Because it probably is. Oh, these Jews for Bush them discovering here. It just tears my kishkis and Catholics Catholics for Bush. Well that's because of that carry you know he's baby killer. Which never bothered many a time in the past but he's a baby killer. I don't get that whole deal especially Bush's so virulently anti-kant like. The Bob Jones University there is stuff that he did to McCain all of this cramps. They believe the Catholics are Satan's church. Yeah. But they're all double were we better show up. Alright. 1057 at 560 WQM if you're on one of those. You know what really crashed me up is this morning they had another segment with Dr. Pupta in his pants. I'm seeing it about the. Atkins diet again. Not only is the low carb thing everywhere but now they got every day every show even the comedy shows have got pieces on the atkins diet. If you're on atkins sugarbusters South Beach or any of these low carb sugarbree diets that are just taken the world by storm ride now you got to find a store that will give you some variety. Because otherwise forget about it you'll never stay on it. It's boring. But if you have some things with some taste this is the place even stay on it and lose that way. The lights of I spoke of the shelves are loaded with all kinds of great stuff. That are geared toward losing the most possible way. Not just unlike a low carbs a little bit of cutting back but I'm really losing weight. The weight loss phase of low carb dieting. The light carries over a thousand great tasting products with a focus toward the lowest possible carbs that can really fit into a successful low carb weight loss plan. Their spring sales and full swing right now so stop on by the store. They're staff like I always tell you really understand low carb dieting inside and out and the lights is open every day seven days a week from 10 to 10. That's the lights of I spoke of you'll find them on the northeast corner of Glades in 441 right next to Boston Market in Boca. Boca which by the way don't get lost because it looks a lot like Tamarack. Or call them truth. What? It looks just like Tamarack. Or call tool free 1 877 low carb that's with a W. L.O.W. C.A.R.B. or on webitflowcarb.com. There's only one but it's crap one hell of a store or D.L.I.S. A West Boca. Your official Atkins retail center. Here's the fourth radio five six. You a yeah. People are ISO. We're so sorry. There's rotten. Ha! We don't stock and over 30s. It's a green. Or a green. We're so sorry. There's rotten. But the panties come with selfies. It's a cure. You're the thing. Music I said I've said he said you've ate 50. He said you're 50 but you're dressing cool with 2000 he has to view it bywaring to a 2013 bill. You can hear hundreds of wheels makinghov? Heyton Tom. Every time he just지� diseases, too. Yeah, you would retarded. Retic acid in the top of the hill? Hello! You've been pretending to be C lately You've been complaining I'm gonna be tired and sad and so on. I like the light of my hands, I can't forget chance. And the work that I've diswalled, there's nothing that's coming up from all the light roses, okay? It's not like Joe Rose. Why didn't know what the lyrics were there? We haven't played it in a very long time, but somebody suggested the niece Rodman for our poll. I think that's a great idea, don't you? Sure. Crazy. Somebody also says, my Tyson, crazy. Another good one. And somebody also suggested, see, here's one that's got a list of three, but I'm in such a good mood today, I don't really care if they can send a whole bunch. Fuck, good man! I care the more the mirror. Well, no no, writer, somebody said, got it? Poor George was sitting in there working as ass off, type of these names on their man. This is really brutal. Ted Nugent. Yeah. And I'll give you a clue who somebody else says is crazy. There's the clue. Chuck has been, man. Hey, Michael Moore wants to see again. Chuck for a follow-up interview. What do you say, huh? 560, 505, 60, pound, five, 60 on the AT&T. And Verizon wireless line. So what do you think? Goldie for the Pantheon broadcast? We don't have any hockey fans. What a game last night. Wow. Tampa Bay, actually, they had that Eastern Conference thing wrapped up. And Daryl Sidor, a highly overrated. He played a horrible game all the way around. He makes a pass right in front of his own net right out to the blue line to Vladimir Malikov, who sticks over to Keith Primo, who sticks right in the net. That was so bad, Daryl. Too bad it wasn't like in New York. They could all have been going, there. Well, Daryl, it was bad. And so the fires went over time, which they should have lost a game in one over time. 6 to 5, very exciting game. And so the series is tied three games of peace game seven. In Tampa Bay tomorrow night. You're going to be going over for that. Sure you will for what? That hockey game, game seven of the Eastern Conference final. Maybe to see you play as Calgary. This is going to, if the lightning win, I'm sure pull them from because I hate the flyers. I like the lightning a lot. But if, uh, especially Brad Richards, but if, uh, lightning should win, it will be Tampa Bay against Calgary in a stand-up final. Can you imagine even you who know nothing about sports? Can you imagine the American that we're not the CBC is happy because they got one Canadian team in there. They're aesthetic. Even though nobody outside of Calgary cares about Calgary. You think the people at Toronto, you're a flying crab about Calgary? No, no. But your Cowboys, but you know his pickers. Calgary. Yeah. I'll burrta beef people in a nobody. But anyway, so Calgary and Tampa Bay that I don't think that'd be like a real ratings winner. If you guys know, but never was. 105 votes on, I guess I better refer this on. Well, though, because I, because I know you're adding some of the names like Nicky. Yeah. See you, uh, Adam Monner, 115 votes. Who do you think is the all time craziest celebrity? Michael Jackson 85, nobody's going to touch him and who would want to. Ozzy Osbourne 17, Courtney loves God. Look at that. Courtney's right up there with you. And Hase's got three, said vicious one, none yet for Denise Rodman. Mike Tyson, when owner Ryder, Ted Nugget or Charlton Heston, out of the first time 115 votes. By the way, it is a true story. If there is a lockout and no one in NHL season next year, the Panthers, there are to raise them cash. Will be doing that dinner with the, you know, that they do have here. Usually it's way to, there's a puck in my soup, but only in these potfamilb, appearing this year, it'll be called, way to, there's a frog in my soup. Will Denise pop in? What no, remember? Rimer? I think there's no rhyme or reason as to why they even do that whole deal. Way to, there's a frog in my soup. A dumb frog in my soup. Osyred Denise, there's another one for you. Hard ass. That's a real. Yeah. Lot of real schmucks in that organization make no mistake about it. And that Randy Morick, what's that title again here? It is, I guess I better get to this. Jim Sarny, one of these silliest people on the face of the globe, a real silliest old Cooot. Heep, you know, who he makes even look good? I would for Bokeh. Right. He makes most seem like a real upstanding old guy. That's what a jerk Jim Sarny is. Jim, why don't somebody buy him a radio, so he knows what to tell he's right in the box. He writes the Panthers hunt for a new radio voice is reached the final stage with eight candidates including W.E. Q.A.M. Steve Galdi Galdstein. Flying to replace Jigsmick Donald who retired at the end of the season, and certainly not a minute too soon. Several observers believe Galdi is the outstead leading candidate and the club would be wise to pick him right Jim Sarny. Why is to pick him? Galdi has been a vital member of the Panthers broadcast team for seven years doing pre-game and post game shows television and filling in on play by play. Once, am I wrong about that? Did you do more than one game? Yes. He didn't even fill in on play. I mean, he may have laid to fill in, but he certainly didn't fill in more than one game. When Christine and more were being hijacked in Newjoy's ear, something. He has an identity with a club and here it comes. Another one of those brilliant lines that we get in softfoot and the fish wrappers down here just like that Howard Cohn's and a big O6. One O6 wasn't hurt by losing Howard Stern. This is the kind of journalism you get here and I use that term very loosely. He has an identity with a club that is involved in the community and important element in modern broadcast. Now modern broadcasting, which means that almost every radio station has got a bunch of syndicated shows where whoever is on the ear is got nothing to do with local community. His broadcasting from 4,000 miles away is either the same fat ass limbo or Dr. Laura one of those losers. That has nothing to do with wherever you are. But an important element in modern broadcast. Oh, yeah. See, all he's doing is just sticking his tongue and gildy's, uh, Dr. I'm looking, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, that's all he's doing. I'm definitely interested in Goldstein, said we've been talking. We're talking. I don't know if I want to do all 82 games though. I mean, it's a lot of games, I got to Duke Ed. The path is opening as creative as it is. Let's go, let's go. Has it created a lot of interest around the country? It says, I know, I see. I just can't conceive of him really doing the games. You know what I mean? No, take a moment to think about it. No, I already have. I just can't conceive of the hockey, maybe even that I am and being an expert on the great hockey broadcast is of all time like Dan Kelly and Bill Hewitt and all the Grudger Bowen, Michael Lang, Rick Generett and some I can Wilson. I don't put the gully in that category. Now or ever, by frankly, if you know what I mean. That's what I want to pick on him, all of Joe Rose is really out with him. Joe don't watch out the show by the way, Gully. See, his problem now is he's between a crock and a hard place because he's between our frambocca and Joe, which Joe don't want to want to show us who got no chance of that. So if he wants to keep a job, which he's being very overpaid anyway, he's got a stick with the art from the course he's already bringing that bridge, not a good idea, right? He was, what? Right? You know the light situation. He was there one guy, the one person that would at least tolerate our frambocca right? And so they were been on together. And I think, I don't know. But he's just got a feeling of hospitality. They're so deep and so great. He wants to get away from our frambocca at the worst possible way. So as only opportunity now is only shot. Is the Panther broadcast. Now we get the last part of this. There's a couple more interesting things in here in Jim Sarnys, we received over 50 tapes and it's an impressive list. Said Randy Moore or the Panther's director of broadcast. Oh, my director of broadcasting is both over the clowns, Jr. From Red Deer Albordo or Seth Skatoma, the hell it is. And the team's radio analyst, it was tough narrowing it down. Said Randy Moore, who told Joe Rose was so great. When he called Joe with the other shot, I think Joe will be a lot about it. Huh? That was fun. That was great. Nice going, Joe. You to man. He's he. What did I tell you? What did I tell you? What I'm always said about Joe Rose. Good guy. A little bit of a backstabber and you just don't want to be on the stabbing end. Which he likes me a lot and I like him too. No, you don't what I'm saying, right? When you're least expected man, he slips that knife in there and just twist it. I'm just always. Yeah. Yeah. Then lightning rod can pan a can panther fans roofed lightning their heated rivals in the Stanley capitals. Miss Sarny wants to know it's good for hockey in the state. Moor said that's the director of broadcasting for the kind of thing that he read your Andy Moor. The main thing is rigged Dudley built the lighting and that's exactly what we have going with the panthers. That's where we're going to be. The blue parents right across the state. Right. You should live so long. The lightning would create interest in the sports throughout the state. Said Jeff Remer, a rhymeer, the panthers TV announcer. It would be much like 796 when the panthers when the finals the seven interest was statewide. Does anybody believe that? No. People in Tampa they could care less about us. And we feel more so only times about a thousand. Right. That's our feeling is. Tampa. I can't play that drop in a more. No. We don't want to get muffled. I've been on a shape on our Friday. Spoiler whole weekend. Probably. Conjured up ideas of heading for fantasy fast. When is fantasy fast? Halloweenish? I don't know. Why is probably making her plans already? And of course, or province stuff. 1113 at 560. How about you come? I hear now that the last month they started the wedding. Some as a two-sets of the rumor has already turned to this beast and clearance man around the way right now. And I'm not talking about San Jose. Lobster Fest is back at the amazing Emerald Coast Chinese buffet. What a place this is, man. See him. See you. See you just warming up. If you've never been to the Emerald Coast, you know what you're missing. This is not just another Asian buffet, which is one on every street court. This is the best. Emerald Coast offers you sensational fresh delicious. Mothwatering goodies. Like six different kinds of soup. Like New York, strip made order. And a new Asian grill along with a new Poon on Fish. And then again. See him. Enjoy main lobster thermator style. Jonah Crab, oysters on a have shell. And be sure and sample their handcar Prime Rib and their brand new. Ties, specialties as well. Go in there and tie one on. There were buffet features a full salad bar full Chinese food lineup. A brand new sushi bar and fresh. See him. cocktail. And if you have any room after piling all of these things into your gullet. Check out the dessert station because it's some dang good stuff again. darn good. Those in Waffles, pies, cakes, pastries. game with all your favorite top things and first food, the perfect ending to a real pick out. No forget, no MSG, no cornstarch, everything is made with a best possible ingredients including even all cholesterol free orals too. 3. Amocose locations in the sunrise, sunny hours, pemberpines, so take the whole family of book your next business lunch and right now and let the folks at Amocose cook up a storm for you. Take out deliveries always available too. I asked Richard to Amocose what do you think of the Philadelphia Flyers he said a hubm in dreared. Voted number one buys a get restaurant reviews and WSV and news has suffered as best Asian buffet you eat there once you look re you'll be going back to pick out again in the game. Amocose for information or directions call 9-5-4-5-7-238-22 that's seen 9-5-4-5-7-2-38-22. at least 10-7-7-237- playthrough method will be an incredible turn. Let me guide you. It's a personal matter. Oh. Please hold. Oh, oh. And it's Michael. Who the tracking? No, that's Michael Johnson. Oh, the basketball guy. No, that's Michael Jordan. But who is this? I am going to protest you and you're devil-like qualities with my fans. Hey, no flash free boy. You don't have any fans. Otherwise, they wouldn't put that horrible record in me. Oh, come on. Can you feel that? How about that? What are you talking about, think of me? I have a TV motor roller, voodoo dog. And I'm speaking pins in your marble bag area. Hey, sit down. What do you feel that? Don't lie. Listen, Ed, Kate. So we done here. You have to let me out of my car. No, please. No. But I really know. I'll be there. No. Oh, here we go at the singing. Yeah, you'll be there. You'll be where you gotta be, kid. Okay? I got lunch with Chuck Mangeyoni. I love that funny adi-wiz. Hey, cardio's fruit loops. My best of bubbles you whack and do. Can you feel that? Come on. Yeah, Ed, you didn't drop me to the... Oh, listen to this. Greg says that I'm going to have like a Roger Clemens deal. That's true. You're right. The fact I thought there would be talking about that. When Houston plays on a road, he doesn't bother going. Is it just here or is it like anywhere? No road trip. Here's a lot of go. Because he's an olden feeble like me. I see in your Greg good. Don't... Okay. And I'm thinking also like, you know, I'm thinking it was great this week because I had that thing on a procedure on Tuesday. And then yesterday the doctoring Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. And then the summertime, Tuesday, and Thursday. Sounds good. Do that time, good to you? Sure, why not? No, this was a great week. See, he's lava. He's done me by Roger Clemens. I'm sure he'll have a lot more entertaining. They're Roger Clemens. I might not strike out as many guys, but, you know, what I heard. Yeah. Well, none of your business. Anyway. So Greg Reed just came in, which I could knock me over with a feather. Probably thought the food was here already. Now he wouldn't want to stay in that $600 burst by the suit. He was wearing a nice jacket. It was a very nice... The pants didn't match the jacket though. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. I think he's what I heard his famous, What do we know? Really, Schlimper like haircut, which he always does. But what do we know? What do we know? What? I know a lot. I can't say it, but I know a lot. No, no, seriously, the jacket did not match those pants. He had a dark blazer, which is very nice, a special blazer. And like, very light gray. Almost like those checkered pants. That the mow wears. That's odd. Maybe boredom. I couldn't have been mows because there was no stain in the back. Anyway. Oh, that's bad is what that is. That's all, Lulli. God, you are bad. Well, that was pretty nice. It's been a very pleasant week. Very shocking so far. Let's see. Jonathan Witteres is crazy. He says, John and Columbia South Carolina, who just loves to show so much. He's out of control. He's on that fact machine. He's probably squatting on her right now. And a machine too. Let's see. Brief lettered today's New York Times is reserved to be heard. From John's calles, in non-plus admission into rights, you are correct when you say the emphasis must now be on the future. It is clear that the 93 attack on a world-threat center not sufficiently probable government to plan seriously for and finance coordinated responses to such attacks. Sadly, the Bush administration appears to be ignoring lessons in 9.11 by diverting money to questionable anti-terror measures without financing effective programs to help local communities respond to terrorism when it happens. You see Mayor Bloomberg screaming and whining though they about how they just aren't got any funding, right? And places like Peoria that get in like billions and he's getting like 15 bucks. Every report since 9.11, Sir John Scalese shows that we're still on prepared for attacks in our most vulnerable cities, like Geneva, New York. And a distant president, Bush is squatted to the good will of the world and billions of dollars on a war and a rack that has no bearing on terrorism, except to fall meant it. While Mr. Bush has presented himself as a war president and tent on ending terrorism, his real legacy will be a country woefully unprepared for future terror attacks to John and my plasma. Good letter John, thanks for fact in it along. Gary Bucey, somebody says, spell very badly. This is Gary Bussey. He had that brain injury. Why he strains though he's crazy. A lot of crazy people running around. Chris says just tuned in last night, Alice Rand tell was against on the Dennis Miller show. Oh, what a good match made in purgatory that is. Alice sandwiched in between two other fascists and she looked like a conversion of how they do they. To see how efficient we are to see star events, and imagine good company turns out as he Cuandoidel Tell. A team of 61 health high debt rates. Guy. Suitable to be Please do what's on. Let's tell her. We're tired of hearing about it. So anyway, here's Jim Sarny's column. I guess I can. What? Well, that was some very important material. I don't need to like, Pia. Didn't I go to Bat for Galda? I want to make a very clear again. In fact, the only reason that he still got is Greg was still in here, which he ran out real fast. But if he was in here, he could vouch for me. Sure. When they broke up the first team, when Greg screwed up the radio station and sent the first team packing, Drudge Packen. Uh, they came right in here. Him and Muff. Of course, that was before Clarence got promoted to being a chief cooking bottle washer and their crock scratcher. What? I don't necessarily that was disgusting. I don't know. You don't come in here. I'm, you're not my type clearance. Okay. No, sir. I thought he was coming on to me. Really. He kept like arranging and sc... I don't know. Maybe he just had a little problem there. Maybe it was this, his search party couldn't help him out today. I don't know. I have no idea what that was all about. But anyway, Galda was on a block. I don't even know if he knows this. He was this close. A little curly hair away. You know, the kind you find on the soap, if you use that anymore, right? See, that's another great thing about using the body wash. There's no hair on it. Right. On a plastic bottle. Because if there was, it like, you'd been, you know, rinse white off. Well, white off. He wouldn't see it. Or black off. I said black off. I didn't say, ah, okay. I can't say that. Haven't taken enough calls here today, but that's because I'm working up to lunch. And you'll notice I got about it. I should have shown it to Greg. There's a quarter of a, uh, a year of diet Pepsi once it gets to the end. George will be on. I'm leaving. I got important fish to fry. I got CDs. Do you? What do you think is the, who do you think is the all-time craziest celebrity? $191 votes? We started this very late. Michael Jackson, $121. Aziozbor in 25. Mike Tyson, 13, Courtney Lowe. She's got 11. They're Roddick Bich. Dennis Roddman's got in the eye. All in his rubber group, believe in 2015, is at it. Greg just told me. Robert just announced that he's got 11 years to go and H4, Ted Newgeon 4, Chuck Hesons got to. Hey Chuck, here's another one. Said Vicious 2 and none yet for Winona Rider, Liz Taylor, Jonathan Winters or Gary Bucy. He was terrible in the Buddy Holly story. Yeah, goofy. Huh? Does he look like Buddy Holly? No, I mean, Buddy Holly was goofy. Looking, but not like him. He doesn't mean him, both. I mean, I'm goofy looking, too, but not like Buddy Holly. See what I'm saying? Right. If you change your glasses, lose some weight. Okay. Well, let's try. Let's try my 3D gun. Why should I have these on one? Greg came in. I would have been good. I already said the picket error. I'm looking at life through rose colored glasses. We got some 3D glasses here from the Vermont Teddy birthing up there. That's cute. 26 passed 11 at 560 WQM. It's examined and spank guilty day on QAL. That's a loomy. No, like all the hard burn. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Every time I see. No, no, no, no, no. Every time I see. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. No, no, no, no, no. No, no, no, no. No, no, no, no, no, no. He's president of the team. Ray Palo, the kid muscle man. And in our team, we're the newdy-up. I don't know why. They only want to have a nice teacher. First comes the next four years. With president of the team. You want me to walk that shit? Oh, what I get to, you got both on small. And get to we go all at home. If you want this, don't go flow. If it's rather stupid heat. So, boom, boom, boom. And this drunk and rich kid. So, boom, boom, easy then. So, remember then me. That's a loop. He's president of the team. You're going to care what it's all. You got on the end by the front door. So, the rich kid. Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. You and I will have no fear. We've got a great leader here. He's going to be black with president. Oh, shit. He's just a Mexican. Oh, shit. He just is a Mexican. It's a Mexican. It's a San think of a walk. So, I said that. It was really pathetic. Especially the part we went like that. From minute I thought he was going to do the Greg Root. Greg Root. Yeah. We didn't think of this. Didn't do that. See this? I hate to break the news. There's some of the Yidlach out there. Some of my Jewish friends. And even those who aren't. But that whole thing with the Israel, what's good for Israel. That went out with Nickrus and with Halifab. No, no, more important now than ever. No, no, it's not. That's only for the board again for a busy and annoying. Who wanted to drag us down to Root Armageddon so we can all have an offer to get refused. Look at that three minutes life. But better late than ever because I'm almost down to the end of my diet. So, there's Jeff Cohen. Who looks really out of shape. Look at that. Probably too much sex. Very, very. Look at him. He's going to food there for the Chinese army. That's great. What is that? Ice cold diet Pepsi. All right. Probably has caffeine in the dough, but that's okay. I'll take it. Whatever you got. I know you can't get caffeine free. I can't get it right. Just anywhere. No, that's true. Try to like it all over the place. Caffeine free diet Pepsi. What do you just say? I was lucky that I thought you said that. Just be careful now. Okay, we're not. We're not under the old rules. Back in the day, you could say a lot of stuff in here. Just don't come in here now and blurt now. Batten. Just be very careful now. Perhaps you got to even bring our diet Pepsi. Well, screw the Pepsi guy then. Okay. Pepsi guy really let Jeff Cohen down at the pizza law. And what's this skipie tell me about you only want to run spots when I'm in town? That's the most embarrassing thing I've ever heard from any sponsor in the 28 years I've been on here in this market. What a cop out there is. We know you did bad there in plantation. You don't have to make, you know, make up stuff. Oh, there it just next used to save money. See, we know that. At least he's honest with me. In addition to what you know what happens. I'll give you the free plugs anyway. You don't have to run those spots when I'm not here. I'll give you a plug every day. That way, skipie don't get any commission. That a good idea. I love it. Because he's right up there. He didn't hear it's all these accounts. I asked him before he was standing in the doorway. I said, name one account you sold on this show. No, that you didn't hear it. And since you've been here and he's like back out of the doorway. He isn't idiot. Yeah, and then just be careful. What you're saying on there. Do you hear what he said? I did. No. I know what didn't go on the air. But I heard what you said. Jesus. Well, you stop. He said, the skimmy's full of something. He didn't say spit either. I'll tell you that. And I'm not putting you on here because I hear two dangerous today. Just go get me some food and get out of here. That's what you have gone from the pizza law. Who's feeding the rumors every day? Now if there's no, if what? No, they're not out of town. They're back in town. He arranged me all my exams yesterday. My good friend, the rhyme or man. He's good at doctoring, man. Not himself. But once in a while, he finds a good doctor. Like one out of every 15, something like that. That's not bad. He just hoped that the other 14 no kill you before you find a good one. Like my friend, Dr. Hamft. She's the best. She's great. Love you sweetheart. She's fabulous. That's just a great doctor. But it's sweetheart. Nice person. And then of course, there was the old doctor yesterday. Now I do want to say one thing because I try to be fair. And you're going to be shocked that I'm going to say this. Because I've been up and down with these people. But you know, the Cleveland Clinic, the one out there in now. Is that Western? I guess. On our right on Western road there by off our right of Parkway. I've had some experiences there that weren't the best. Especially when used to be on McNab Road there. What was it McNab and something? Whatever it was. And then a year ago February when my good friend, Dr. Bush, put me on the treadmill and damn you're killed me. I ripped them and asked, you know. But they really treated me very, very nice. They believed me. I didn't get any freebies. I played plenty there yesterday. Believe you me. I paid plenty. But you know what? It was worth it. What do I always tell you when I do that spot for Hollywood diagnostics? It's piece of mind. When you can go in there and they check everything from your from your arm pit to your throat to your back. Go everything in between and you say, hey, you're a pretty good ship considering what the fat's lobby are. And you say, alright. And then you start making plans for like living your life. You know, I suppose they're like rolling over and playing dead. Here's another suggestion for our pole. Let me give you a clue. Yeah. Yeah. The craziest person out of them all Scott for a little bit too crazy and a little bit too wild. Or no, I should say a lot too crazy and a lot too wild. In fact, ponytail could probably. And did you ever meet for real was he ever involved with you with all or no? No, that's probably why you're still in business. And knowing the kind of pervert you are, if you don't hooked up with him that would have been. No, that would have been it. That would have been the end. That was not bad enough. I forgot you hooked up with alcohol scene. That was the beginning of your road to the gravity. But getting you hooked up with the for real, that would have been a pay. Oh, yeah. What is this? You just need to top off the top of the top of the menu. No, I know how to do it. You need it. What kind of a are you like my mother? I've already got one mother. She's almost 91 by the way. I think 90's holding up my anyway. How's she's all right? How's mom? How's fat rich? You know, all that crap. Look at this. Some beautiful Italian sausage. Kepane, olio, liiva. Yeah. Where's he like, walla, when we need him? He is just brutal. You know, I don't think what have I taken one call so far? Have you taken one? Yeah, I took the one a guy that was ripping guilty in that's which I like. He was spanking guilty. It's spanking guilty Friday. If I could make it a regular thing, just ripping the ass every day. To the like, cause it goes away. Don't take any more to so far. All the calls have been good today. All the code we have one for one. Yeah, thank you very much, pal. It was a good call. No, seriously. The only reason I went to bat for him was because it was at the time. It's just like when I saved your job when I tried to get you fired. Mm-hmm. And you're right, trick you into the unwanted pregnancy. Right. I mean, not that I wouldn't have gone to bat for anyway, but just that really sealed. I mean, the deal. Yeah. A timing. I was going to let you be out on the beach with like an unwanted kid on the way. What? Right. Plus I like Sabrina. She's a sweetheart. She's very, she's a great little girl and not little anymore. No, no, no, no, no, no. And, you, I can live with her without. But I mean, Sabrina, I like a lot. And you're wife, wow. That's a little story. No, she's all right. I don't want to say too much because she's she listening. Who knows? Yeah, she's probably watching Ricky Lake probably. Just just relax. She's a little bit too red in the face. Okay. Jeff Cohen. I know what you were doing before you came here. I know exactly what you were doing. See, nervous. And don't say anything. It's not open enough. You're Mike this time. I will not do it. This man probably this morning had the wildest sex in the history of the human race. He just looks like even the dolphins at the camp don't sweat. Even the big linebackers, the 600 pound guys don't sweat like you're sweating right. Profusely, red is a beat. I mean, I know it's not Florida, but it's not exactly 100 degrees in the shade out there. You know, it's from yesterday. When you're working it out, oh yeah, you're at the beach yesterday, screwing over George. We know exactly the game you play. It's to be told us you don't want to come in here with food for George and Josh because they're small potatoes. You don't care about them. You're making a TV spot well. It's good to get that one with me and remember off the or please. I don't really care. So that's the deal. Jeff isn't going to be running too many more spots anymore. I'll just give him some free plugs on the year. And that way, skip a good screwed out of the commission. I'm going to start getting even with these QM salespeople. That was my last couple of years here. What? What are you laughing about? You saw what I did to Todd wreck the other day. I stepped on his pathetic little ass when he tried it. You know, we've got a bunch of losers made in that sales department. The only people we like are Adam and Troy. That's it. Am I leaving anybody out? That. I boy is kind of grown on me. Hi boy. Has kind of grown on you? Hi, I'm telling you. I wonder what that 400 pound growth was on your elbow there. It could be because he's going to be dead any minute. Oh, son of you feel sorry for him. Yeah, why? Because he's going to be dead. But no, no, see a fat people who are nice people who are going to die from being fat. Then you feel sorry for them like your brother. Right. Good guy. Very good. From what you said. Okay. And your other friend that died with it. But he's a fat guy who's going to die. And I have no sympathy for him. He means well. No, he is not the th- Oh my god. My god. And look. This is for you. This is for you. This is for you. This is for you. I'm a little mad. I'm a mad. Yes. Oh, yeah. And a man. I'm a little mad. Our home and the friends. I am a little mad. Hi. My close and see. Will mark you on your head. Make lots of eyes and she's far. Or 그 segundos, say It's a meagon-trava when Qarhing Jew And a wrapping God made a fruit Glorian Origine Oh, can it not please, let's dance to me. Oh, can it not please, let's dance to me. 14 to no, I got the food my mother can't talk with food my mother. Ben, bad style. Bad radio. Bad radio, baby. We don't want to do bad radio because Rick Shots is I do great radio. It's what he said when he was right. Yeah, that's what he said. But that was before I got so old about month to do. Rick Shots. He's a great guy. I'll be picking on Ricky Tickie. He ain't a day over 80. Is it a good guy? That cat though. He got a stink like hell by now. Anyway, so Will says, what is this? See, I can't, oh no. Oh no. Page 104 George. I don't want these things will. Okay. I do read the BBC website. I do read all the Guardian, the independent, the mirror, all of those things. I don't want this stuff, please. Okay. I want to do mostly a lighthearted show today. Have a pretty good time. I don't want to try to save the world from George W. You'll have a chance on November the second. I got a whole bunch of Jews. I'm going to lock in a room. Make sure they can't get out to the poles or closed. What is that all about these Jews for Bush? Can you explain that to me? Sure. Like you said. It's money. No, but it, but Israel's the excuse. Don't you understand? Israel's the excuse. It's a really new way. It was so crazy about Israel. They'd be over there right now in a Kabut's land to fill in. Throw on rocks at the, a women at the wailing wall. They'd be doing something useful. Okay. Like, bow on a weight of little Palestinian kids. God. All these people who obsessed, I just can't deal with that anymore. The order I get the more nauseous it makes me. The Cubans with their Cuba and the Jews with their Israel. That's the place. That's my comment to you. Okay. Cut the crap. What? No, I got a basket right here. Just eat your lunch really. You definitely need to like calm down a little bit. You're a little bit the hyper. Five, six, seven, five, sixty. Let's see. Who do you think is the all time? Now somebody says, of course, because they can't leave them alone. W. That's not the category we're looking for. Okay. We're not looking for politicians. He's crazy like a fox. You know what I mean? Yeah. He's just a face man anyway. They don't mind understand that. He is the face man. Cheney is the one that's pulling all the shots. Cheney and Wolfowitz and Richard Perl. Road. Carl, Rove and Maniac. Well, no, Rove is just the PR guy. He's just the strategist. But I'm talking about the people that make it all these decisions. And how come this Ahmed Chalabi or however they're pronounced in this week? How come they want to tell us not only is he turning over secrets to Iran, but he's also a business partner of Dick Cheney. They don't bother to tell us that. That's an arc. And maybe he'd write. They don't want to tell us stuff like that. Because people might get pissed off. I'm thinking to myself if Clinton would have invaded another country almost unilaterally, that had represented no threat to us and lied about the excuses for us. Talk about impeachment that probably hung in right in the middle of the Capitol. Do you want to find him? Yeah. In fact, Mel Gibson could have made another movie about it. They'd have nailed his ass up on a cross right on the White House lawn. Now I mean. Yeah, exactly. But this son of a bitch for whatever reason, they can do whatever he can do, whatever he wants. Well, anybody that says the part of him is real. How can I be against him? What does that mean? What does that mean, Moishi? Huh? Jesus, K. Christ. Don't they know the rest of the plan for Israel from the president, but he don't care. Convert or die? They don't want to think that far. I'm sure they know his own. I ask God. It's tax debt for the rich. Tax debt for rich investors. Tax cuts for my aunt. Oh yeah. 560, 750, 560, pound 560 on a AT&T. They're sending all these kids out to be slaughtered over there. It's like, that's all it is. It's a human sacrifice. They can have a nail on the cross. That's exactly what it is. And when they've now CBS, you see on Dan, rather they put these pictures up of these kids. Right. They're all down. Who got killed in water. And this, I don't say this disrespectfully. These people aren't heroes. They're victims. Right. Right. A hero with somebody that goes out and does something. Constructive to save somebody else to help somebody else for a loving be a good purpose. These people well intention obviously, most of them accept the abusers. But these people, all the hours victims, that's all they're being set off to be slaughtered like sheep just like in Vietnam. That's all they're not heroes. They're victims. They're tragic victims of a bunch of ruthless lunatics. Even Miguel knows that. Miguel ain't voting for Bush. See that? And I'm going to tell you when Miguel Escobar, the drug man, the one this set of evices voting against Bush. What does that tell you, okay? In addition to which, what tell this Bush done about the, if he wouldn't have made it Cuba, then he would vote for a rub. And you know, something that would have been a hell of a better idea. Sure. If all that crap going on down, they were so important and we're so concerned about Fidale. If it all is other garbage. And by the way, he will look 240. But what? Well, that'll at least keep him something they'd be concerned about the rest of his life. You got something to look forward to. Fidale. Fidale. Anyway. We still only took one car, right? Well, let's keep it that way for a while. No, we got to get a lot of these calls on. There might be important names on here that we're overlooking for crazy celebrities. Like Whitney Houston. Sure. Got her? All right. He's on the inquire list. Yeah, I held some back purposely. I'll give you another one. Why just sitting there tapping away? Do you really lose? Oh, yeah. Married is what? Three year old cousin, whatever she was. Yeah, Jeff Cohen, his eyes lit up when he heard about that. He's got a good idea. Yeah, he could really bang on it. 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. What do you think about guilty doing the Panther games, Jeff? No chance. No chance. Spank them. No. No. No. No. I hear Randy Motors going to stand back at any way, so don't worry about guilty or outman. You pissed too many people off. Too much. He's talked too much. You've got a big mouth. See, in this business, guilty, don't have a big mouth. Maybe on the air, have a big mouth, but off the air, keep it close to the vest. Bam, I'm out, you know, calling up people out of the phone book. Ah, buddy, it's a kid who 40 month games, 82 games. I'm going to be grand, I'm going to be next to y'all. But one, I'm going to be a villain, foster. He would all roll up at a while. I'm going to be out. Nobody wants to hear some squeaky voice. Puts. Broadcast and a sporting event, okay? It's a goal. Let's go. I don't want to hear that. Man, that's the one thing that River, River can, you know, be safe forever. Did I put Gell the On Air? Did I see who an out? Let me tell you a story, okay? Let me tell you a story. The first, when I went to Miami, you're in the first five or six scenes, whatever, was back when he used to be a lot of fun, by the way, the pants is thing. When we had really a fan base to lay pissed everybody off. He and did my, my season seats. The last two years we were in a arena, maybe three years, were right next to, right, the first row below where he and Denise used to sit up there. Old froggy. And during the game, every time I would look back, he was doing two shows who was doing a broadcast on a year and doing a show for me. And in between periods, it was always, he'd be standing in there to back and call me up there. I'd have to slurp through the crowd, slurp up there, not to say anything, but just because to piss off that he's pop fan. Because then he's hates me like poison. That looked like Todd Dresdance and here they were, didn't it? I didn't know that I didn't. I didn't know that Todd, the director in Jaffirm, or went to the same school of dance in their pants. I didn't know that. Till this moment, I thought it was the tagliest all along. Oh, hey, if rumors list know what John Shury is, Jeff just insulted you bad, man. Something about an ass. What? He's dancing doing a game? Yeah, he's like, oh, I'm in touch. I am on the table. Who would you step to like the show? Really? Well, you have a good time watching. You ought to see him when he reaches over to pick up the check. Not. Then I'll make, maybe that's why he does that during the game. Because he's not nearly as animated as a dinner. Because he might accidentally be chovering his hand, my brush, make a brush with the check. Bad move. WQAM. Oh, see that? I'm going out supposed to be taking these calls. That's just woke me up. WQAM, hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, I was telling the two things. It was a cold switch for the poll. Okay. And what was the deal with Mueller telling Joe Rose? Because I listened this morning and Joe was ripping Goldie. What did we all have to say? Joe cut him off. Joe pretended that he was out of time and just, oh, yeah, I'll talk you later, Randy. It was great. It is. It's a lot of delay. It's a lot of delay. It's a lot more than you think. Because on the face of a Joe sounds a little bit like a doard, if you know what I mean? I hate to say that. That's not what I really meant. I mean, not a doard like. Or it from Boca. But like that. But underneath that dumb Jack exterior, it is a pretty sharp mind. And you better beware, because once he sharpens up that shoe of man, you better not be under receiving in. You don't want to talk about it about it? Yeah, I don't want to see any names. But man, oh man, he unloaded on him to leave this morning out here in the hallway. After Gildi, of course, was like waddling in here so I could climb my shoulder. I don't know. I wonder if I think I got a shot. What do you think? I think the answer, Goldie. I don't want to look, you know, P on your prey. But I think the answer is no. No, you're not going to get it. Because the director of broadcasting is Randy Mueller, right? He must have a lot to say about it. You think? Wouldn't you think of he's the director of Panthers broadcasting and all these other titles that gave him because he's a silly person with a clown nose? I mean, if it's right in with the audience to the organization, the organization has been in business how many years now? About 30 minutes. How many years they made the playoffs? How the Panthers doing it in a playoffs? They making a files or what? Why do I skip it? You better not eat in this food. You little piece of crap. I'm not sure, I hope that's Skippy here when I said before about how Jeff is going to stop running spots all together. So I'll just give him a quick plug so that we can take away all your commission that you're stealing. And Jeff thinks it's a great idea because basically he said, Skippy sucks. My life and low. This is for 205. Six. Oh, my favorite Republican. This is not drugs. And it's time for the skills. May I? It's time once again for the Neil Rogers 12. The one hour. Woohoo! Woohoo! Hey, sounds at you. Hey, what am I? Did you eat it? And I think they're really great. I doubt that you can't hit a one or two. Much less all eight. Hey, sounds at you. Hey, come in from the boys. They will surely separate. I'll tell you what they are. Get her in, Steve. You'll go, yeah. I like fingernails on a blackboard. People crack their neck for their knuckles. When I rough-star her fall together, that just makes me just. Woohoo! Ha! Eight, sound, you can't stand. Would you tolerate if you were a handsome man I am? As to the list of it, a fork and a knife, scraping on a plate, scraping on a plate, scraping on a plate, scraping on a plate, scraping on a plate, scraping on a plate, scraping on a plate, is what I really love. You might want to try it. Give me feedback in my headphones. I am sad for like you. Little more, little more, but as for the more. Yeah. Hey, sounds all you need. Now let's review so you can really, really free. Figure nails on a blackboard. Would people crack their neck for their knuckles? Well, besides we're going together. Corsion makes me just hope. I like when you thinkers on a gym floor. Raising in a movement on window, when it gets into drilling my mower, that makes me say, no. My boy singing on his record. Ah, you can't hold on for a child. Is this how give you the shivers that makes you a winner? Hey, you go nuts and someone fights their fork like this. Who's I love it? Here, I'll do it again. Do you have a nervous system left? How about the squeegee-wise in a window? I'll back my neck. So pretty with, so pretty with. Oh, wait. I got one more. Oh, here's number nine. The sound that you hate. Where's that one at your loaves? 12, 3, 5, 60. Jeff Cohen needs a pizza man at the pizza loft in Davy. A good pizza man. Some of you really know how to make a good pie. You can spin it and twirl it and the pie, too. You said it'll pay it a most anywhere and if you're good. I've used that line before. Okay, pizza loft at Davy University drive between 595 and Griffin Road. Right behind the pirouan imports tons of feet parking and it's the weekend. Now, so go in there and just give your free spot and skip you. Don't get a dime commission off because we hate him like poison man. And the only thing, skip, he's got to go in for me. This place is Todd Drek. Because if we didn't have Todd Drek, then skip me. Be right down there to bottom of the barnacles, you know? Scraping it. But the fact that we got Todd Drek got a long way to go. Who did I say the other day was like even worse than Todd Drek? Gary Sarner. Oh, Gary Sarner. Out of sight, Adam. Now he hasn't come in your place, doesn't he? No, that's right. You sell trade. We got so many of these dunes for Bush or busy. And they're cheese burgers for lunch right now. You're going to burn in hell. Should we realize it? That's right. Eat and trade for lunch. It means have you worried about Israel? God, what about your lunatics? So, we'll get you pizza, man. How much is in that every day? Do you really? Why, Sam? Pizza was outstanding there, should point out. Wasn't it? It's always good, but I mean, this was some of the very best. Now, who made this? One of the pizza guys is there. How about everyone's working too many hours? Oh, I see. They're getting burned. Looks like you did two yesterday. Okay, get out of here, Jeff. Thank you. It was really great. Jeff called PizzaLoud suck it up for some more free plugs. Good lunch, though. Excellent lunch. And lots of soda still, which you notice even Jeff said, radio station like this, great read came in and somebody for the first time in many months that he bring me any soda. No, did muff bring a set of soda? No, clearance was busy scratching himself in the other room. No, nothing. Yeah, I don't know what you didn't see that before. No, I missed it. And I tried to look like the other way, because the last person I want to see adjusting his priorities or whatever he was doing to his him. God, man, oh man, or maybe he was just searching. I don't know. Who do you think is the craziest celebrity of all time? That's our poll question today. How many calls have we taken a pair? Maybe. Two, I think. And it was really good. Right? The last guy was the first one was excellent about the guilty rip in Manan. Did you take one? One of the guilty of the spanking of his life? No. Michael Jackson, 186. Nobody's got to touch the of glove one. As he asked born 28. See, that's quite a disparity there, you know? Mike Tyson, 26, Courtney, love 22. Denise Rodman, 12. What about Denise Potman? She's a loser. Gary Buessie, nine. And hey, seven. Chuck has been six. I'm spitting the sausage out all over the place. Did you see that? Yeah. Boy. Uh, what did I just read? Scott for RL6, Ted Nugent, five. Sid Vicious, too. Did he still dead by the way? Yeah. Liz Taylor won. And no votes have a fair and a 13 for one owner rider. No votes even for Dave Ryder. Wonder what kind of scam he's pulling these days? Uh, Whitney Houston's got Nugent, jury Lee Lewis don't have any wham I read his two year old, no, cousin. And then a cool Smith don't have any idea. See, I wouldn't call her crazy. And like, Ozzy, it's Pills and Boo's in the case of those two. Yeah. Boy, I won't, but he, he called him. Oh, no, you see that. Oh, my gosh. Yeah. Well, that's talent. That's what we have picked really that. What do you mean that's talent? That's called a cheap work. Of course, just as he likes his heap forward, but that's beside the point. That's what he said. Oh, give me another fork somebody, please. Before it's too late. We got a bag of it here. Plastic fork just sat in half. Now, maybe that was, that was the Lord. No, good. Thank you. I'm telling me, that's enough, Pat. So you're going to kill yourself. And that's a siege. Keep on. Oh, you missed your head. This is very good today. I know my fish was great. I scarred you. I've fished already. I forgot about that. I ate it all gone. The pizzas may be some of the best he's ever produced. They need a new pizza made of the pizza lop by the way, folks. Get with it. WQM, hello. Oh, Neil. Yes, sir. Have you ever cooked with Mojo? All right. WQM, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. You've got to have a big conscious in there. The craziest person of them all? Yes, sir. This is shocking news. What do you say, Neil? No. What does that mean? Wow. I never even crossed my mind. This was a poor question. They wouldn't understand. But it didn't. They don't get it. Crazy. Crazy. Most of you should understand that. But it's crazy. Especially the colors that we got in the show. They should know from crazy. Okay. Believe me. Sounds like experts. Crazy. We still have a plan to work. See, they want all they want to do is put the same. Why would we just do a polo every day? There you go. Who do you hate the most? George W. Bush. Rick Sanchez. More Howard David. This is the same book, and it's a cool Smith. This is a different pole. It's safe. It's good enough to be in quarries. Good enough for us to kill four hours. You better. Better believe it. This is just a fine one. Too much. The mind was just right. Was it not too hot, not too cold? No. If you, I am hello. I keep spitting the sausage. I'm good. Yes, sir. A little last door to the God. I can't stand any longer. Come to stop. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm just thinking just maybe. See, when you deal with people, I've got a whole new attitude now about some of these people. I'm going to put them on the spot. And once they get through with their initial pre program pre program pre-escripted a stick was used last about three seconds. I'm just going to put them on the spot to see if they can elaborate on. Which I know they can't. Like him. Just another one of your people that ought to get out of banana book. In fact, you know, something a lot of those tire places, but they do is they throw the old tires out in the back and then dumps there. Go to like one of those good year places and get one of those old rubber tires. Right. Make you a nice rubber rat and hop aboard, okay? Go back to Cuba and have a good time. Okay. Get lost. Put it around your neck. Get out of our face. We don't want no more from you. Okay. And spitting lace. Quick talking with the phony accent. WQAM. Hello. Yes, sir. I got somebody fearful. Lies them and Nelly. Lies is crazy. I'm going to do that a bit of a book. She's like, Liz Taylor Jr., thank you very much. Thank you. Of course, Judy Garland, we ought to put on there too, right? Mother and daughter. Sure. Why not? We said of all time. All time. Let me tell you about when I saw Judy Garland, the RKO palace in the New York. It wasn't her fault either, though. And senior wince was there. He was good. It was, of course, I was a little kid. I was like 13 years old or something like that. I liked senior wince. And then, of course, there was Jackie Mason at the hotel on what was that hotel again? Right by the Atlantic Towers. It'll come to me, either not the Eden Rock. Eden Rock was not even close to me and told 1956 Jackie Mason. It was still doing that same thing. You said, well, whatever is good for Israel is good enough for a Your idea of Jackie Mason, it's important George Bush. What a bet. You can. I will guarantee you. I'll beg Grace Lifond. How do you like that? That's how sure I am. Call up Jackie right now and see if he's important to him. I'm carry who's a little bit on a scary looking side like Herman Munster. But nevertheless, the good, the best thing carries got going for him is he ain't George Bush. That's the best thing he's got going. And I'll make a prediction right now. You know who he's going to pick is this running mate? John McCain. No. He would like to, but McCain ain't going to take it all low. Do you have publicans and kind of pushing him in that direction? I would be great. Yeah. I don't know who you should take. I don't know who you will pick. Wesley Clark. Okay. Yeah. Guarantee plan. You could bet most life on it. You know what I'm saying? And go out through a girl that you can't even get to. You could bet more in girl that he's lives on it. And of course, girl, he's ain't worth much these days. Now these back to himself in that corner. He's got everybody against them now. He's turned Joe Rose against them. Moe is on to him now. Even our from broke it. Noes what's up with the guilty. Once out that show real bad. So he's turned them again. He's turned us against him. He turned, uh, right here. Randy read your mole. Yes, you do. What I can tell was you care. You don't want him doing the games. Even though you don't listen. You have. Yeah. You know he's not qualified to be broadcast in the Florida Panthers game. No, no such thing. Even when a marginal team that they got in the total lack of interest. I'll listen just as much. Well, yeah. Me too. Absolutely. Good point. Now let's see. What about these promos? I don't want to like under read these because Miguel started hyperventilating in their in this pants. Look for the QM van tonight. Six to eight for a cigar tasting event at Stogi. Stogi. Located 116 12 North Kendall drive. They're probably sure some real interesting techniques. You can do with their Stogi's. Stop by the witness. When and spin the wheel for QM front. Marlon tickets. Another prizes. Uh, yeah. I think Tommy got his haircut the same place Greg did not mention it. Stop by the spin the wheel for Marlon tickets. Now the prizes that said Stogi. Six to eight today. Kendall at 117th drive. Ah, whatever it is. I know where the hell that is. Kendall 170. I should deliver almost right there. Sure. You got that. I got that a lot while I was getting good man. Who now wants to live in Kendall? You have to be crazy. People in Kendall. I sympathize with you. Fert rich. We're good. Nobody can afford to do tomorrow afternoon. Look for the QM van from 111 at Santa Rosa Marble. Located at 3400 North West 77 court. Miami also. Little George will be out. I see. In other words, there's four promos in here. They should look like there's three. Very devious and dangerous than the well. Also, George will be out noon to two. Bill Siddles Boulevard of Savings. I know it's about 36. Miami would have stopped. I'm picking out who he is or why he's showing up there. But they like to free food. Stop by the wind prizes enjoy free food from Atlantic City subs. Maybe the guy with a fatty pack will come by and see. The fatty pack. And maybe the. Maybe the. The. The. I'll stop by and see. Let's stay. And then on Sunday, George will be a new to two. A day line shower. Late located in the. A 455. South. Six. Highway and South Miami. Stop by the spin that wheel. For those same crappy prizes. And enjoy free food from Atlantic City subs. That's why people shrug. Not so much to see George, but they want to free food, which is great. Those fat pill sandwiches. Good stuff. We still do we still have that letter on the thing back there. That was great. I'm sure. Pity. Lennie. I didn't have enough smarts to write it. Qilb with the baby, so tinyуляed Regierung he cannot derive me. You won't lie, but the quality is like looking in a like a three dimensional kind of a thing or like an esratules with his. Boom kana and webcam systems design for high definition TV. Boom his got the most HD TV he and a were provide all the equipment. It's already quickly understood mutil. Opt Col. We have HD programming, you can watch ESPN for example in high definition in lots more too. That's three times more channels than you get from cable, and they've got all your other favorite channels like HBO and TV, even your local channels too. Maybe even leave TV but I doubt it. Boom is got over 120 channels of great entertainment. They've even got exclusive channels of HD movies, music and sports that you can't get from your cable or satellite company at any price. So with Boom you get everything you have now, plus all these awesome high definition channels to enjoy too. Call Boom today for 11-time offer call 1-86-848-8686 or online visit boom.com. And here's the ideal free installation, no upfront cost, and no long-term commitment. What is not to like? Call 1-86-848-86 or online at zboom.com to start a boom and write away, but you're better do it real soon. You only have 10 days left, Opera and Zmey 31. But it's more of an abandonment. But a Hebrew homeowner, the agent, in Riverdale. Now you've heard me install the attribute of the flood of the in the paradise. But it is, but not for everybody. That's why my parents retired the Florida. I sent them back to the Bronx to live in the Hebrew homeowner's agent in the back in 61. Not only was it cheaper, but they got support. I remember my mama saying, who needs flood? We got support right here. It's with me three months out of the year. And who I should? They got lots of activities there. Like, right in my genre, and followed them to races, not to mention the food. All the food. Let me tell you nowhere, but the Hebrew homeowner's agent in Riverdale. Will you find source to jellow? Not the kind of turns to rubble, but by his almost like it was prepared by Don Wilson himself. And they got them, and have mobile turrets on wheels too. The Hebrew homeowner's agent in Riverdale. A nice place to send your folks is, and forget about it. Absolutely. The company, 18 at 5.60, W2AM. It's a spank girl. He's ass friday. Andy Kaufman takes the cake for the craziest personality of all time. Somebody says, Andy Kaufman. There's a question. Oh, see, here's a cute, he tried to send me this facts and one, a little part of it. Show us up. So I don't do it anymore, okay? Bill and Pat, I appreciate it. How a bird and making bigger profits and it's got a bunch of like a pig's stand up. That's cute. David says, I turned your program back on after a three month year. Oh, I'm not, I'm absolutely not going to read this, you know, which David did. Yes, I do. Yeah. We just talked about crazy. Yeah. Crazy person. Like this is Jeff Heiser, former neighbor. Totally crazy person. No, he just wants attention. That's on. I'm sure that he was. Because I didn't see what was going to be from he has a wife, you know. Yeah. And there's where you go for attention if you really need. You may have a wife, but I know who he's doing. Hi, Kelly. Yeah. I'm sorry, right after lunch, right after lunch, right after lunch, right after lunch, sorry, sorry, I mean, I put Robin Williams on there or not. No, he's crazy. That's where we have had several facts. I'm saying Robin Williams crazy. I don't think he's crazy. I think he's just pondless. That's what he's like. That act and that's him. He's always on. Like I've told you before. Always on 560, 560, pound 560 on the age. Hi, Kelly. He's a team of rise in line. WQA, WQA. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, Sam, it's better what's when I wasn't taking any calls. It was great. What is it? Did you see, my line last time, I found out. I did not. It was, you might have seen it before. I'm up with a rerun. It was the cheese. I was walking there, I fully tapped a hockey game myself. But, ah, ah, ah, there's a Jesus factor about George Bush and the Christians. Sorry, the first area. Sorry, sorry. I thought the first time they'd killed him. Yes, a repeat. Hey, how's that sausage man? What do you say? How's that? How's that? I'm saying, you man. None of your business. She was saying, I was doing just great. I started taking so many stupid calls. They even insisted that I take. Take some more. Ah. You know what this is? This is like you're. Ah, let's get it done before we get inside of here. Don't phase me, man. Wait, did you see the size of that paycheck? It's coming in. What is it? Tuesday. And it will be there, clearance. No matter how much your squeeze your package that paycheck better be in, I mean, that's the only package I'm interested in right now. Is the one that's got my check in it. He says he wasn't scratching or squeezing. What was he doing? Check it for her, aren't you? Yeah, but it is. Select them. WQAM. Hello. Okay. WQAM. Hello. Yeah. Yes, sir. Long time worth. I got one. I got one. Oh, yeah. Yeah. I love his got a whole bunch of votes. 24. Thank you. It's already on there. Go get a computer. Go steal a computer. Go have somebody to spend you how you use it and a computer too. Two lawsuits accused, priest of abuse. I don't want any more of these priest stories today. I, you know, say this is what if you let the audience dictate what you're going to do. You're done. You're dead. You're dead meat. You know what I mean? Waaaaaah! What if they ever got paid on it? They were America. I'll call her. Yeah. Find out. Oh, hello. What? WQAM. Hello, friend. Hey. Yes, sir. I like gasp with the liccances. WQAM. Hello. Monday and Sunday. WQAM. Hello. Yes, sir. How are you? Okay. Jonathan. Jonathan. When is is the crazy person he's on there? I don't think he's crazy. But whatever you say. Do you think he's crazy? I don't know. I don't either. But he's on there because of that. Yeah, come on put something different. Okay. We want to go out of here. I don't know. He had to come up with something different. Okay. We want to go out of here. How about how he do to you? He was crazy. I'm a Mr. Bluster. I think we pushed him over the edge today. You know what I'm saying? Absolutely. Yeah. And I think it was that guilty sound. No. No. That pushed him over the edge. Yeah. Even your effect boys. Hi, pal. Hey, hey. Hey, hey. Right over the edge. You like to put you over the edge too. So. So what about what not? This is any idea. You think that guy don't have kids? They want to run their life. Yeah. Yeah. So is it like some great biological, well, you should know. Right. Probably not. But my accident. Yeah. So I just feel sorry for the kids. PD Laney has kids too. Sure. I feel sorry for them. Right. Todd Rek has kids. Yeah. Sure. I continue. Just because somebody has kids. Does that mean that they're more respectable? No. Really? No. This is.. Oh no, you should've pulled out. You could, oh. Maar. You could fun games on the board right. Well, what does that mean? You're embarrassing your children, right? But I told you the data line. So youstrom. Did they make them say? No. Spepps said nothing. No. No, No. have to take a test and order to have children you should have to take a test because those are both unlike mommy with a car you can kill somebody but they're like life and death thing correct do we make anybody take a test no anybody can go out there and procreate just like that little girl that disappeared that they let the the father dropped off somewhere you know now they said oh no she was kidnapped I don't believe for a minute she was kidnapped no now they just wanted to get rid of her could it now there's something for you to think about I'm taking offers come in your QAM hello hey new YouTube online yes sir either Joe McCarthy I don't know if that would be crazy to use paranoid it was he is celebrity well he wants to be back in the second one or John DuPont they got a shot the wrestler yeah right okay whatever you say you have a great day his name wasn't John DuPont was it who the equine the one that the shot the wrestler that crazy he was crazy but nobody knows who that is no I don't five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty boy I tell you I think we've really put them into the test today man they're too busy you know conjuring up reasons to vote for Bush wouldn't appropriate poll WQAM hello hey how about Nick Nolkie how about him is he crazy I mean drunk he's a drunk crazy okay whatever you say we're not putting them under though is you think he's crazy no just a drunk I mean we could put uh Glenn Campbell on there too he's a drunk not every drunk is crazy what they are is drunk so thank god for those twelve steps as a matter of fact if these are cracks want to follow us we'll give them twelve steps right to the is it that cliff I was talking about or a dock the weather's right for it right and it would be great boy 26 past noon at five 60 WQM are you still reluctant to buy a bed over the phone I can't imagine why anybody in it right mind would be because for over 25 years millions of satisfied people including me have dialed 1800 mATT RES for the lowest prices on the best brands in the universe in bidding it's the easiest possible way to buy a great name brand interest and it's absolutely no risk because if it's not perfect in every way just call them back for a full company change it's completely free within thirty days not thirty minutes no extra fees no strings attached on a mattress is ranked number one a customer satisfaction and there were winners of the 2004 better business local bureau local tour to excellence award like I said when I just say figure it out when you call 1 800 mattress you get the best prices on the best brands with delivery on your schedule and the best customer service in the business why would you waste any your time slipping from show them to show them wasting a lot of gas and money to dollar mattress has the complete line of ceiling surduk king coil Simmons temper ptix during the bdn is foster he would from candlestor pommage to four buyers dollar mattress can deliver the finest bedding around anywhere is in sebuot on a cash to but do what I always do along with everybody else here at qm that's got a brain and some that don't call 1 800 mattress that's 1 800 mATT RES or online just log on to mattress dot com Friday you best in coming soon it's the movie with all been waiting for a prayer pin as a gladiator it's Troy the classic story of well it's based on the epic hole by oh who cares it's breath pin and a gladiator outfit call him a killies and now we must engage in hot sweaty man on man combat action charge this is what the critical thing about Troy McReed calls it the field myself hit of the summer McReed said past me the Trojan honey and in the words of Rex Raid have used the only one homeo erotic gladiator movie this year c-boy man attack from the rear it's musculum and in leather skirts are your a killies heels then friends to a theater near you to see Brad Pitt as he always wanted to see him in Troy comfort for five sixty wqm don't be step it on our material out okay you know I think the thing that said Dave Friedman off real bad I mean the chronic Dave was the fact that I picked on his good buddy fat boy but now that he's not listening anymore after all of this time in all these years and we lost that listener now we can rip him an ass fat boy and his chronic neighbor Dave who needs metal help no question about it no none no none one no none questions oh no none where's that school five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty money even though I've been facting where we day for last hundred years I haven't been listening for months and I'm a bummer seriously but it's appropriate I mean we did a pull about crazy people so why shouldn't we have them calling in right anyway let me just give them a little hide is little breather to catch their breath the York Times says a series of justice department memorandums written in late 2001 and the first month of 2002 were crucial in building a legal framework for United States officials to avoid complying with international laws and treaties on handling prisoners lawyers and former officials say when it must be a word missing from the somebody facts this to me I didn't print this out lawyers and official say the confidential memorandum several of which were written or covered in by john c u not you you a university to California law professor was serving in the department provided arguments to keep u s officials from being charged with war war crimes the way prisoners were detained and interrogated they were endorsed by and voiced by top lawyers in a white house depended on in the vice president's office but do this drew the sense of the state department see there's the battle that's been going on right along you got rollin cold on the one side who sit next to where those palm trees are and then you got rummy and his wolf who was in that crowd of lunatics on the other side the memorandums provide legal arguments to support administration officials assertions that the Geneva conventions did not apply to uh... detainees from the Afghanistan more they also suggested how officials could inoculate themselves from liability by claiming that abuse prisoners were in some other nation's custody a lawyer and former government official to saw the memorandum said it anticipated the possibility that u s officials could be charged with war crimes defined as grave breaches of these the Geneva conventions that documents that are way to avoid that is to declare that the conventions don't apply that's all dating them oh sir i have a light problem all by redesignating them as something else right yeah that's all just that make up some other kind of a right label anything else and then that 15.6% of your audience yesterday all they should get a medal for what they did those a damn a slime ball Iraqi prisoners that rises in there there no well did yeah but now that i think about it now there's no hope for this country really isn't dumb dumber and dumbest that's what is basically boils down to now and and you've got millions of people who otherwise maybe educated and seen our particular whatever who are just need your uh... you know whatever they are professional professional jews professional cubans professional uh... liberals professional right wingers professional uh... born again lunatics whatever it is that's all that's a whole life don't you can't you can't deal with those people so that's why this whole ocean of air america and uh... and forget about that would be just like us on this show if i really ever dream from minute that we're going to make some kind of a change out that we're going to change america change south florida especially this point oh god give me a break it who do you think is the craziest celebrity of all time not politician not janitor not uh... mortician not proctologist what if there's a liberty politician never be like on old michael jackson to twenty two mike tyson thirty eight as the osmore thirty two court and he's gloves is got twenty six then he's robin sixteen gary buty fourteen and a shenanke choc castens got eight by a lion squad for rl seven Jonathan winners five tenujin five robin Williams four syd vicious three lies in the lily's got a pair and it's small potatoes after that teeny tiny totters five six seven oh can i say that no just did teeny tiny totters taters w q m hello hi yes sir for what a head oh j simpson craziest uh... yeah he's uh... you're right good good choice uh... thank you sir hummus i mean he act maniac well maniac crazy same thing all these things they like him around here though it's a q a and they would like to sniff his ass man right in this building can you can you can you imagine if he came in for an autograph signing on monday oh man wow wow wow wow wow yeah in fact i finally figured out the way that we're going to go set those numbers between five and eight in the morning once a week it's going to be o j slaps gally and all around day oh which day of the week what do you think uh... he slaps gally and hard for bokeh the both of them we can have mojani and he would be good yeah the moe slaps him oh the more people listen i've lost i would tune in here that sure i'd get up early and open up the pot and then w q m hello w q m hello w q a m hello hey about you're busy on the list do we have one Gary busy yeah Gary bucy zoners sir take a look at that thing okay Gary bucy zoners got 14 votes okay just in case you missed out did i just get through reading these names yet only moments ago only seconds ago i thought maybe i was dreaming w q m hello yes sir got a name for your pulse yes weird al yank of that is crazy no he's not crazy strange they don't understand it's an act it's an act it's an act it's an act it's a stick okay stick stick stick stick stick not if i take probably one of the more boring yes one of the most boring people who thinks that he's funny his act was very acute for about two minutes he was at boka Brian that was it no he he and even the same league with boka Brian boka Brian others are funny guy even funny looking and crazy without even put on all the way to put on that wig man and he really looks amusing i think it's a big improvement in fact anybody any guy like that old guy with a long way to silly wig that's a little bit so ridiculous w q a m hello Neil yes sir down for your poll margo keter from Superman okay sir run around i'll make it in battling that's a fine choice take a surfing island go lightning alright go lightning there's a hockey guy right there very exciting game last night but hockey is off the table here on this radio station except the course of the guilty business which yelding wants to judge McDonald's job and other checks is retired mr. Hall of Flamer and the gueldies with one set job he's moving in like a vaultry he's been doing that for a couple of how about it i want that job i want to do the pantheon games it's a goal it's a goal it's a goal it's a goal the family finally waaaaaah yeah do you imagine it i mean shrill wouldn't be the word for it but at least maybe it would be a diverting from the media awkwardity of the team in the fact that they never make the playoffs and that the organization lies through their teeth when they tell us they're going to spend all that money that they saved the you know trade-in-weight pop-held brewery and this one and that one and they're going to spend all that money signing free agents which depending on how things play out is going to be 80 million free agents available are they going to get them no they're going to spend the money no they don't have it they've been drowning in a sea of right ink that organization but anyway 21 before one at five sixty wqm how i'm tell you where you can go and have a good time pompot park that's right in tomorrow the Saturday may 22 pompot park racing and poker will feature the classic rock all stars in concert starting at 7 30 in a p.m. featured will be the lead singers from rare earth sugar loaf iron butterfly and cannibal and a headhunters all right that way you're looking like that these are all people that they turned down at gulstream even i remember many of their big hits like get ready in a god of the vita back door man all gilding those that one back door man stuff those at two he likes it green eyed lady in land of a thousand dances now here's the best part of the whole deal of concert is absolutely totally free so come up to pompot park tomorrow Saturday may 22 enjoy live harness racing try your hand at cards in the poker room and enjoy a great concert with a classic rock stars rare earth sugar loaf iron butterfly cannibal and headhunters lead singers not the whole group's of course because that's a little little bit too much just a half mile from both nine ninety five in the turn pipe pompot park is easy to get to and best of all they offer you free admission and free general parking every single day live harness racing in a poker room or open every night when's the Friday and Saturday three nights a week including the night poker starts at noon goes on till midnight live racing gets underway nightly at 7 25 at a p.m. i see john cacacle one three or four races last night it's a freaking miracle how do you like that wow pompot park is also open every day seven days and nights a week for simultaneous in featuring the best in harness racing through a bread hot eye action from all across north america feed watch and plunger guts on pompot park it's just an easy block south Atlantic bouvard on powerline robe for that current race schedule go on a web at pompot park dot com or call nine five four nine seven two thousand don't forget plunger guts soon at pompot park please like him away for i recall the day on the side of rungo right and he won't confess i don't care what they say because of jay but it'll wear we love it happened so soon on the 12th of June and no jay bread away from that body mess i don't care what they say because of jay but it'll wear we love i have waited quite a while but i see you still on trial it goes on and ever runs as it does find all that oj birded them lock him up please and throw away the keys it's a game all the claims of his innocence i don't care what they say because of jay but it'll wear we love i don't care what they say because of jay but it'll wear we love okay now probably don't need to say this but during the youth just ask end of that bit there right tilted i just sneak one out here very quietly now is that permitted anymore not as long as it's an SBD it's a i see no it was it was just s alright oh well i guess you want the paper to know well five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty oh oh man what a shock what a surprise well we've all had that that's not what i meant i hope but i just might now we just very quiet okay very dainty all right i just wanted to make sure that the coast is queer and that we can still do those things you can go the other hand if anybody would have heard it then all boy to stuff would hit the fan five six seven a craziest personality of all time is i like this poll it was good enough for the inquire like i said but these people they you know they're pretending they don't get it oh and before we get to that speaking of crazy no you don't have to light a what you go for you oh it's for ah ha ha ha what you talk about impressionable wow oh i do was just mention there's something there i'm sorry that i said it now the whole room is almost going up in flames in there man lunatic well you know about jaff and a pizza loft that's an an orcs of charge initial bonus yeah in fact if we all this oil problem we have now in a world he might be able to solve it we have a lot of gas will just i'll be into pizza loft around a clock twenty four seven anyway like your rumors will be soon senior u.s officials have told sixty minutes corresponded Leslie stall that they have evidence that a rocky politician oxman chalemy has been passing highly classified u.s intelligence to Iran oh my god the schmoth ahead Iranian oh my god the evidence shows that chalemy who is one scene is the man likely to be direct by white house and pentagon officials who i've been screaming you would telling you for months is a crook personally gave Iranian intelligence officers information so sensitive that if revealed a quick quote get americans killed the evidence is said to be rock solid i'm not gonna let you just find out because newsweek had it in last week sources of tools stall on high level uh investigations underway into who the were in the US government gave chalemy such sensitive information in the first place uh but we can get Greg on that he thinks clocked very jackass find out who the mole is all the moles all the time and too many moles with a big mouth here i mean gildy yeah loose lip sync ships man in addition sources told Leslie stall that one chalemy's closest competency senior member of his organization the Iraqi national congress is believed to have been recruited by Iran's intelligence agency the ministry of information and security m li s moisture and his under payroll how do you like that the Iranians which is if we don't have enough problems already a bunch of lunatics run in that country the i.e. Tologionier five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a AT&T and also it doesn't say anything about detainee in the alchemy either it does partners in crime I'm sure that it doesn't even say anything about homic carzy being on the board of directors of Chevron or condolese abit on the board of directors of Chevron shut up these are just coincidences okay and affected your pain 85 dollars that fill up your gas tank that's just a coincidence you do understand that please of course cracker please five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line WQA M hello hey WQA M hello yeah yes sir I have a name Me too I have two names yes is this you what do you got for us pal I've got uh Jimmy fifth all now Jimmy Pierce all I mean nobody knows who that is any more yeah he was he was crazy who baseball player oh mentally ill but we don't mean like mentally ill I mean we're not picking on people have mental illness with word did word they didn't understand either sir I promise my fault we didn't do this flame or nobody over the age of 95's a lot of callers show except maybe once a month on at day that's it just ma no you're dead used to WQA M hello yes sir about Ronald Reagan I know WQA M hello you're not WQA M hello hi how about Robert Blake and how about Jason Williams no five six seven oh five sixty pound why maybe Jason Williams what do you think is he crazy why I don't know what he's like dogs I don't even his own I don't know maybe he don't he don't like dogs in limo drivers I mean he's in town it was opinion right and was the first one she said Robert Blake Robert Blake he wasn't he was crazy like a fox he didn't mean that fact the bitch had a come on what's wrong with you right saying this thing he ever did that's the only woman we've had call all day and right away she's defending uh that bitch but really trailer trash lion slut mm-hmm five six seven oh five sixty in fact you ever see Bonnie Lee and Linda England together same person yeah with the same living's got better tea they used to hang out with the same hood WQA M hello pretty good good I got two things one I want to do this make a suggestion for the poll yes I was gonna be two things yeah that was between her man the other one's not a suggestion are you down here now down where in water at the moment yes are you are you are you gonna be going to pop in a park tonight what you said well because in the second race tonight there's a lot of it don't give it on the air okay you have you have a tip for me to track tonight you want to put it on the air so we get one to nine why don't you think you're any of your people probably better sure they do I'll put you on hold you'll tell to George and we'll see I mean is this is something you know I'm 95% sure this all right I'm gonna put you on hold and I thank you in advance and God bless you to hold on enjoy your stay down here thank you it'll be very brief okay line two see what he's got for it's okay maybe he's got day a winner okay it would be nice I actually if it's like one to five I don't need that and don't anybody be following fat rich around okay oh yeah wonder which horse is but of course rich is got you know if you want if you want the world and know something if you want to get a message out just whisper in his ear and with in ten minutes everybody in the play even even on the Mars where they haven't had life in the million billions of years they'll know about it he's just one of those guys you know looselets like I said before Galilee looselets six shots okay five six seven oh how come mama give us the all that's right that thing is tonight I thought it was doing a big story thing with Monica the story thing is tonight six to wait a clock are you gonna be there for that or what nobody cares he's busy chasing down for Belly says he's gonna get him once and for all WQAM hello how are you how are you yeah he was crazy right I'll take the money how do you like that well at him stay locked up inside in the ice cream and we'll take the money thanks a lot Pally have a good day and he can also keep worship his hands a lot see if they would have just had body warspect then right he wouldn't have been so nervous five six seven so did they gotta give you something yeah you don't say it no not good uh you gave you what a hell horse yeah a little horse yeah a little horse WQAM hello yeah now yes I didn't want to talk about the four I wanted to talk about something else I wanted to make this gesture to all the audience out there when you're driving on the turnpike going and you see those cameras you know right after the cypress pre-pulse weather yeah as you approach give me a bird just a little bit of note we know you're watching and we don't care right I like job how great you are okay if for it five six seven oh five sixty and that's another thing this whole obsession with you know of course we got the holiday coming up pretty soon Memorial Day next you know the amazing thing about this show today is there's nobody in no you notice that most of my trip to work today was a real piece of cake there was nobody on the road except uh five ninety five was a little outie here in there but other than that pretty lame or I mean pretty good right as long as you don't go near any schools that is yeah and then it's a nightmare I'm trying to think where I was driving the other day I would I mean there was I know where was but I went to the dentist on the Tuesday in the pines yeah and I'm driving on tastery I'm going out west and there's a school zone I landed that's like about two houses wide you know right oh yeah one one thing about Pembroke pines in Pembroke Lake's man they love speed and speed traps they look for them it reminds me of hide this road in plantation that's we look around yeah that also in plantation sunrise and brown you know I'm talking about the world of churches around there at the Mormons and that this and they use the go ahead everybody else yeah they're at that that's what they love they write business that's all this and the same and that's one of the reasons I got out of Pembroke Lake so I couldn't handle a punishment that's a million miles away the hiatus right you know the island there the uh sure yeah they did a single kind of trees Douglass Road I remember one I don't only want to go through this story back in the day got a ticket from an ordinary surly cup they hadn't even there there was an intersection where they had not put any stop sign or a stop light okay nothing and I went through it he said oh you could have killed somebody I said well let me ask you well they haven't fitted they haven't but put the thing up yet but I'm supposed to always need to be water words you know I came to an intersection I should have stopped right looked all the way around stop again I mean I guess it wasn't possible that there could have been stop signs go in the other way that you know that I had the right away but there was nothing there he still told me to get a piece of crap porker clown 560560 pound I mean like we don't have more important things to worry about all the crap that's going on the world today and we still got a bunch of porters sitting in behind the bushes we're to rate are you know an old smokey it's a bunch of crap okay go go save a life somewhere go do something worthwhile go save somebody go do some real police work instead of harassing the poor damn public that's paying $80 a gallon for gas man in fact if they're honest what if we had like those real close up mics we could have gone all against they wanted for nothing just a few minutes ago but it's the one to two hour target great 8 years When I was a Christian, soldier of God, a lever of all these years. All that time I followed every word, love the scriptures, print my squares. Catch these, take these a power, hold God, and then I'm on one end of mighty way. Except in 9-11, when he must have been gone, on a bus in holiday. Take your God and show me. I ain't known to worship him, no more. Just like you're all right. Yep, you're endless, because everybody else is wrong. You don't get tired to watch it, people don't give the name of enemies of the Lord. Take your God and show me. I ain't worship him, no more. Take your God and show me. Right, I ain't worship him, no more. The tannies were forced to curse Islam. How do you like that? Well, then, the tannies were shown in pictures that the Washington Post released today. Right, the moving pictures. Not just your stills, but your moving pictures. See, if these were Al Qaeda, this was a Gitmo. I don't want to have a lot of problem with that, because these people might just have information that could save a lot of our lives. Maybe. Maybe. But this, over and again, when you, they know that the overwhelming majority of these people were just people in a wrong place at the wrong time, that they slept off the street like that cab driver. A lot of them are sure, unless you torture them. Oh, that's right, unless you beat them out of them. That's right. Within an inch of their life, and maybe sometime on the other side of an inch of their life. Right. And then you can stand over the dead corpse and you can do that. So that those up things. Show them all. Got sort of a, right. 560, 50560, pound 560 on a AT&T in Verizon, wireless line. Who do you think is the all-time craziest celebrity? Michael Jackson, 262, there ain't even nobody close. Mike Tyson, 45, Ozzy, Ozborn, 37. Courtney loved 29, Denise Rodman, 20, Gary Buessie, 15, Anne Haitian, Andy Kaufman, 10 apiece, and after that at single digits. Scott for Ralph's Got Eight. He's Got Eight. Boy, what a sack of that was. WQAM, hello. Good as me, oh. Yes, sir. Oh, man, me, oh. Monville, the pollution body. How long can I ask you a question? Yes, sir. You're not going to vote for Bush, are you? We only push our weakest, my wife. OK, that's right. OK. OK. Anyway, me, oh. Yeah. Hello. And the fidgety Anne, which is, uh, I saw a couple of minutes. I was busy watching the hockey. You might talk to him on a hit. But she really gives, uh, really flights and diced push-ups. Right. And the Republican point. She did not do that. And I go to the toilet. She might be beat around. I think she was on heavy medications. And then I said, then I said, then I'm going to go. And so was he. Yeah. I've been dialing since I'm Western. I'm in Lake Worth. I'm on Oca Chobie Road, Neil. How you going in the right direction, anyway? I'm going to have a lot of riders by the time I'm done. Right. Anyway, I love you. Keep up the good work. George is the second banana's OK. But number one, you. Your Zygazone. OK. OK. See you. See you on the West Bank. Five, six, seven, or maybe the bank in the plantation. Five, six, seven, or five, 60. Five, pound five, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. QAM, hello. I will beat you in the submission. OK. OK. Ha ha ha. Oh. WQAM, hello. 60. QAM. Can't see. So this is our first underwater color of the day. From the Miami Sea Query, I'm how's it hanging? WQAM, hello. WQAM, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. I will say, keep moving from the who. I don't think they're coming to crisis in him. Who? Keep moving? Oh, keep moving. Moon. Yes, sir. Got it. The moon man. He was really, really crazy out there. All right. Thank you, sir. And have a great day. You too. OK. I wasn't really sure what he said. I know. I thought for many said. Back home. That's what I thought he said. I don't think he said that anymore, can. Part of it. 5, 6, 7. What we can't say, Moon, if it has to do with like showing your. Right, though, the word we can't say, Moon, and that fashion. And of course, the people at the FCC will be able to decipher and dissect that for themselves. Because they are the mind police, also. That's just the word police. Right. But the mind police, they don't want your mind. Yeah, that was a quadruple on time. We got you on that one. Ah. WQAM, hello. Hey. WQAM, hello. QAM, hello. What is it? WQAM, hello. Hello. I got one for the poll. Yes, sir. Christopher Walker. Is Christopher walking? Yeah. OK, I'd be running if I was him. OK, Christopher walking. What do you say? Crazy. No. I don't think so. Not even a little. OK. Well, we have it a shot, pal. But we branded by the poll and they said no chance. We're in a fire. How so? Local panel. I don't know. I don't know. I don't understand. They don't get it. They don't get it. They're not even close to getting it. Maybe that's why the reason that they're so much in a blue funk today is because of the fact that I said before just about everybody's out of town. Right. So they were trying to do an every soon. And these people unfortunately are left behind in their little on the Jellyside. I am. But as soon as their kids are out of school, which is one, we could do. We could do. Yeah. As soon as that happens. And then those who can afford to do it, they'll be all drawn to. And then you'll be on July and August and they'll have a great time. On sure. Well, you'll have some dependable people out of it. Hi. Hi. Crazy Ron, are you? Hi. Him, Chamba. Chamba. Yeah. Right. What's not to like? And then you'll be getting the fact that you're going to have a little bit of more Jeff Heiz neighbor. WQAM. Hello. Hello. Neil. Yes. Are you doing it? All right. How about Dennis Rodman that's got the 22 votes of me, that one? Yeah. Okay. Thank you. 560, pound 560 on the AT&T. I think we've pushed them over to you. Like I said, they can't handle it. Do you want to mean? I don't. That's it. And it's Friday. They already used up all their good material. I'll give you all the good drugs. Fuck alone. WQAM. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Hello. Hello. Neil. How about Tony Lee? Tony Lee is a fantastic choice. I like that one. I see now this guy gets it. Okay. Crazy. I'll take another one. Bobby Brown. Tommy Lee and Bobby Brown. Ever seen together? No. Same person. Let's do a little, you know. Shoot. A little bit of that. Shoot. Polish Reagan don't need anymore. Ronnie Reagan. Man, Arizona guy was he a president or a water. No. Man. See Nancy's being punished for that. Just say no. That's what it's all about. That's why he's hanging. Yeah. He's probably going to be 110. I thought they'd do a 180 on their whole stem cell research position when it's strikes. Close to home. Right. When it's going to be real. Right. Oh, yeah. Well, Alzheimer's. Oh, we could do something about that. We wouldn't have had to do all of these horrendous things and live these last 20 years in this psychotic kind of state. Could have been doing something all along. Right. I don't know. We don't want to do that because we'll piss off. See, that's what it's all about with Carl Roven. This whole bush grab is who we're going to piss off. You know, he's going to be the Christians. He's going to be the Jews in Florida, which we need to steal their votes again. And of course, they're all with them to a frenzy about Israel. Israel. Israel. That's all it's all about. Of course, carry on the other hand. He hasn't figured out who to alienate or please. That's the problem. You can't complain about his campaign because quite frankly, there isn't one yet. Well, you'll see. When he picks Wesley Clark, that's my prediction. I'll say it again. And then I'm not going to be able to turn around and say, and of course, how much of draft dodging chicken ox can say, oh, he's reconnum illiterate because he opposed the Warren Vietnam. Da, yeah. When he came back after he rished his life and saved those people, right? All these things got a test full of metal. Right. Because he had the balls to come home and tell the truth about how we were oboochering people and sacrificing 58,000 of our own kids over there. And he enlisted. Right. Exactly. He wasn't a draft Dodger like all these chicken ox like Cheney and all these others. And a wall bush. But even setting that aside because the American public is so stupid. And anyway, they'll be able to say, well, we got a four star general over here, Wesley Clark. Okay. So if our man needs any assistance when it comes to all of these things about international affairs, I mean, our last president had, you know, he had some expertise in the fairs. Sure. International and all over the place. Just like I can still appear one in their report. He did. What's upon a time? Can I say, one, don't say it. No, no, no. All you can say now is what Greg said when he came in here. Yeah. Yeah. Just quite a great. You do it when you're on. Okay. I want to do it when I have to do it right now. But you are. I'll see. Oh, I can hear that one. Can you hear it? No. Well, if you weren't here, you could hear it. No. Full book of matches. Okay. None of this executor is stuff. Okay. Because then, muffled me and are talking about painful, uh, deforestation. You know, summertime and softflow to guarantees, three things, heat humidity and hurricanes. You can't control the weather, but you can control how you protect your home during hurricane season. Floor to new code hurricane shutters installed shutters. On over 3000 homes in South Florida over the past decade from panels, the cordy and rolled on or Bahama shutters, Floor to new code hurricane shutters makes it easy for you to pick up the hurricane, protection at your home needs. Call 9-5-4-8-6-8-4935 for your free home estimate. If you own a two-story home, you know how much trouble that is using a ladder to put up those shutters. Floor to new code now offers you a new steel panel system, decided to be installed from the inside on 2nd floor windows with no need for ladders. Believe in give you a credit for your existing hurricane protection toward any new purchase to. So call Floor to new code hurricane shutters today at 9-5-4-8-6-8-4935. 9-5-4-8-6-8-4935. And of course, if they said just the other day it's going to be a real active and busy hurricane season. With a whole bunch of hurricanes, maybe even. Not good man. So do it now, protect yourself, load a new code hurricane shutters, provide in south load a hurricane protection over the past decade. Why the you best is. I'm the type of guy who speaks Korean. I've been on my fights. It's just the ones who did. Yes, I'm the type of guy who's pounded my things and threw him to the choice and it's boxing really stinks. I'm the type of guy who always is a nerd. I show Carl Williams that the truth can really hurt. You're the type of guy that sinks and I'm a bomb. So I just say to you that you I see you if he done. I'm the type of guy who will not even end my bobbin. I'm only lost one fight and the pictures made with Robin. I'm the type of guy who speaks to people's left and put them in down. You know, we've been in and have. I'm the type of guy who makes the people scare just because I keep all my cash and don't can care. I'm the type of guy and the public just attacked me and if you don't believe it then you had better ask me. I'm the type of guy that runs into the city world looking to put under the class in that. You're out to give the fuck up. He goes like, yes, I'm the type of guy. Next fight comes in my face. I'm going to keep you in the woods. I'm the type of guy who's doing so much to do with the boy. Yeah, I heard it. It's the one 16. That's how it was called. About a five 60 WDQA. I saw your eyebrows twitching around in your eyelids cluttering into whatever. Just like for your Carl Sutter. Probably because that at Roam is getting a lot of money. Not because that at Roam is getting back at you. Who do you think is the all-time craziest celebrity crazy as in like that? Michael Jackson 276 Mike Tyson 49. Ozzy Osborn 41. Courtney Love 29. Dennis Rodman 22. Gary Bucy 16. Andy Kaufman 11. George S Kaufman don't have any yet. And H10 Charlotton has 10 10 new jett nine. Robin Williams ain't what you don't understand that. But he's nuts. He just bugs me. And I used to like him once upon a time. Yeah, but the first 10 minutes. Then after that Scott for well eight is got eight. Jonathan with her seven submissions for OJ Simpson only for only for OJ. Lies the finale three Howard Hughes spelled with no E there before the S. Oh, sorry. I've got three almost looks like Howard huge. That was the word. It wasn't the Taylor two but on a rider two. Only one vote for Margo Kitter Keith Moon and Nicole Smith and Whitney Houston. None yet. None yet zero for Judy Garland. Jury Lee Lewis Tommy Lee or Bobby Brown. I realized Tommy Lee and Bobby Brown. Just what on a few minutes ago, but my god. They should be climbing up their ladder fast. Bobby Brown. Out of five 18 and he's got the big. That's bad. And the you know what the big is bad. Five six seven. Oh, five sixty. Let's pick on guilty. Some more. What do you say? Come on. Well, see the only reason why not get any response to that. One very outstanding early call. First call I took which was smart. Is because of the fact that we got no hockey people. See, right. They don't. They don't. In addition to which even hockey people that we do have either go to the games or they listen they watch them on TV. How many people actually listen to Panther hockey on this station? But that's not a good night when they're playing the team that somebody cares about you know. You could in at least two rooms together. You could put some folding chairs and you know and and that's it. Pipe in the audio. Watch the game on TV. No, no, no. No. Talk about listening on a radio. But. What then really make any difference who does the games. But anyway, the guilty's running around shooting off a big mouth because he's pissed off. Our from broken right. Even more who used to think that guilty with remember all the times. No, no, no, no, no. He's a way of getting along this fine. Well, now he realizes that even guilty can't put up with this crap anymore. Our from broken right. And Joe Rose who guilty really always thought was going to be the guy he could just latch on to. Just like a kangaroo with a thou the pouch. If you just copyrighted in there, yeah, he thought that was it his lifeline. How the world turns. Yeah. And I'll come to find out that blockhead is doing just great on his own. You don't want no part of guilty. So that's right. Here, want that little torpe in there. He also can't stand the beast. No, apparently. Now he don't want to be. I mean, Zach does a fine job in there. It's fight of what Moses Zach is just fine. And Zach and the blockhead. I got that little routine that there's going back and forth. The Medzac does a fine Harvey green. That's kind of a cute thing. And I'll tell you something that takes some balls. He has spent you. You got to go to use the play for that often. That people would accuse of being a shelf of the organization. Which we know who is the shield. You know, I want to pick up my good friend, Mad Dog. But I mean, he's a shelf of the organization pretty much. But Joe Rose is a different kind of a guy. Horse of a different feather. California boy. Yeah. He from Solano, Ohio. See, that's a different kind of upbringing. The assertor. So it anyway. And probably was. And anyway, he, I don't have any compongions in Rippen Harvey Green. And the fact that they're trying to cover up all of that rickie William stuff. And the, you know, he smoked a little pod. Who cares? Man, oh, man. He smoked our little number here in a big fat one over there. And who cares, all right? Got his haircut. I give him much higher marks for getting his haircut. Looking human, then for like a who cares what we smoked a little refer, not who cares. I don't, especially now that he knows. I mean, if he was still able to had the long hair, the deadlocks. People would say suffered from refer madness. But now. Or like a morning show from creeper madness. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, and 60. How can he still be here? This is the longest exit in the history of the entertainment industry. Nobody has ever been leaving a job. But there was a big job a small job a job, whatever. As long as Robert the grim creeper. He's leaving. He's leaving. He's thinking about leaving. Hey, well, pack your salami sandwich. Okay, what's with cheese on it? Oh, I'm afraid. So what's cheese? WCWM, hello. Hey, how you doing? I love grilled salami and Swiss. Yes sir. Hey, what's going on? Hey, go. Go on for the ball. Okay. What about John Balluchy? He was crazy. And probably a little bit too crazy for so good. Thank you so much. Thank you. That's great. John Balluchy, why did you make a face like that? He was not. He was certifiable. Huh? He was funny. Yeah. And you can be funny. He's still be crazy. As he has more in fun of yourself. A crazy right? Evolution. A little blow problem is what he had. Yeah. A little blow. Five, six, seven, five, sixty pound, five, sixty on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line. I, as opposed to like John Candy, right? Who had a little sugar problem? A little food problem, a little food addiction. And now he's dead. He's dead. Fat people are the good people in the fat people are dead people. Go see fat so this weekend. Okay. Go run it by it. Steel it. The fat people are, I'm telling you we're fat. And we're getting fat. This is the thing that really, it's so typical of what's happening in America and the world in general, but especially in this country because we're so over-commercialized. Since Dr. Atkins croaked, since he had that bad slip and fall. The marketing people and you, you would first want to pick up on it and you're right. The Atkins organization man, see what, what did I always say about him? He had a great diet. He was a brilliant guy, but he was a bad marketer that informers shall use to have a problem with the most of it. Yeah, that real, jappy broad from the Bronx where come on, give the Atkins diet the low car. You know, nobody wanted to see his show like Joan Rivers on helium. And so anyway, the marketing people have come along and now we got Atkins. I think we have some going to have Atkins toilet paper. Sure, why not? Which is going to make your, uh, back to real slim. It's low carb. In fact, what you do is you just said, uh, just, I can't discuss this. Made a soy. Even if you have a painful, well, vaccination just walk away. But in any rate, uh, so now they're marketing like crazy. And everybody else is imitating. So that's all you hear about. I was low carb, this and low carb that. And the meantime we're getting the fatter than ever. I can't believe the number of fat people I see. I guess they have watched it. A cubs game yesterday afternoon after I got through with all my doctoring after they look in every orifice they could find. And the, they got Billy Williams on there with Steve Stone and, uh, chip curry. And Billy Williams, though you wouldn't know who that is. But he's a Hall of Fame former black guy former great, uh, couple here. He, he, he, he had a pupagon, him man. He made fat boy look like, uh, lisa manelli. Hmm. I'm telling you, a huge pupick. We're getting fatter and fatter. And we got low carb this and low carb that. And then you look on the labels on the ingredients man. I'm in Walgreens, you have the, I'm looking at one of these health bars and the carb solutions. And I look at the 49 grams of carbs for a little candy bar the size of your thumb. And then her she's also has these new candy bars. Low carb if you see no, I haven't. Look at the ingredients. Taws, so the top. So if you're one of those people is fat and you don't have irritable bowel, which I don't know how many of those people exist. But you're in luck because you can eat that stuff and has almost no carbs and you'll be very successful. But if you're like me, if you're a fat-old slob like me and you got to be old IBS and ISPCA and the ITA and the H uh, will you see then you got real problems. Don't forget, Gird and Gird is the word. You who told me that? The bird. And know what the mad dog told him? You turned. Right. That's what I heard. Let's make y'all a c'mon. Let's spice it up. You time. Okay. You're not getting that giggily. Okay. Now, no chance. And I think he was loving it was mo. He's loving it. But always back him. The moment I come out like that. The moment I see you. The moment I see you. The moment I see you. You'll be a QA in. Hello. Yes, Dave. What is it? Dave. Hey Dave, how are you doing, Dave? What's up? What do you want to make it to? Go ahead. I don't think so. Five six seven. Five six seven. I don't think so. Five six seven. Five six seven. Come on. That was good. You're going to. Here's line nine, which we haven't talked to in the least a couple minutes. QA and hello. Neil. Yes sir. South Florida cops don't like to write tickets, but they will. What does that mean? I don't know. That's the commercial that we're running on. Your station. On this station? Yeah. Oh my god. They don't like to write them, but they got the quotas. I didn't know that there was a blame somebody else. Everyone who ever wrote me one look happy is could be. Yeah, you bet. Especially when they pulled it walked up to the car and other show me. Show me everything you got your license. You're registration your shoes size. What have we got? I want to see it. Right. I thought this was the car tell administration. We had empower. Yeah. These gas prices. Yeah. We have to lease. We could get away to the scene. Wait till you see the profits from an exon and share around all these others at the end of the next quarter. Wait till you see the record breaking profits. And somebody we say, well, how can they keep making record breaking profits? And they keep gouging the public like that. And they're doing something similar. Art the tankers run in from the person golf straight into Texas. They're running straight into a high fuzz when I'm hearing. And my choice for crazy guy. Yes, sir. Joe Corroyo. All right. That's good. Crazy Joe. See, that is a good one. Now we just had a call online. We made some sense. I'm at your. I'm at your. Joe Corroyo. He's at an on a side out of mind kind of thing. People actually hated him like poison and deservedly. So, but then once he threw the last he can't is through his wife. That was kind of like it. Yeah. Yeah. One R or two. All though. Let me ask you this. I beg your pardon. One R or two. He's one of your people and you're asking me how you spell his name. You know how to spell all the Jewish names. Yeah. How about Mochi Hangang? Mochi. Pupic. I don't know how to spell that too. Pay me. Okay. Pupic. I'm going to put two. I don't care what you put on there. I'm going to put on a carolio. If he's going to be on there, I'll tell you another one needs to be. But nobody remembers him. Xavier Swires. Yeah. At least Joe Corroyo was running around in his bathroom. Campaining door to door 3 in a morning. Every night. What the hell just happened there? Oh, you know what? Ha ha ha ha. I didn't think of my life. And look. Sorry Neil. You're so flexible. Yeah. I'm way. Yeah. Voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey of Billy Neil God. Okay, We're going over to God, Let's haveuttering stand for you. One thirty two and five sixty nobody Qm no mad dog they guess what we got a two instead though Booster you ain't no a Dave and boring thing god. Booster will be at the hooters and tempered pines. In fact you might want to call him up and say you know that guy that you work with on the games would you just poke him into ribs once in a while wake him up. Just give him like a little elbow. Anyway then we got to hop over it for the Hebrew hammer for the seven seven and three saw an hour's man. But tough as I'm in for the big fat hammer I mean for him. Then you got the Marlon son dick at seven o'clock. Seven thirty five Arizona you know I got to tell you and we'll see because supposedly they got a big weekend ready Johnson pitch in this weekend at Don Trill and etc. But those crowds during the week for Houston pretty embarrassing. Houston's a very good team and you know the Marlon's lost a few games see I'm afraid when it gets to be June and July and August and it's on the evening of the shade I'm afraid that if the Marlon's in exactly seven a house on fire likely when it was first couple weeks in the season that just maybe will be reverting back to those really poultry and burrows and crowds again. I don't want to say this is a front running town but when days after the gain of six is already over with it a heat in Indiana and people are still calling on these stupid assporters because I'm a station talking about again that's been over for days now and this one should have done this one should who cares about that. Huh yeah I sure don't. Who'd help you as a crap about that. But you know that that's the nature of this time give me a winner man give me something to grab on to please I'm a loser give me something to grab on to anything give me a vanwagon a hop on hop aboard. That's why that whole panther thing for back in 96 is it's a joke how many hockey fans we haven't suffered but I'm not sure the man why we still have a team here I'm I'm glad that we do but I'm but why we still do I have no idea. But it's not something about something that's a place to go and be seen and whatever I guess I'm wandering around and drink some beer in a hallway talking to talk on your cell phone right and we've to the guy on the cell phone and the other you know section one or whatever. It's really sad. There's no real passion about almost anything here. 5 670 560 so why should I be surprised that the nature of the people I've been talking to all week long is you know they're like a automata automatons. Yeah that's what they are. Oh is we listen to that in the same old tired balloon no matter what's going on in the world. See that that goes beyond their ability to reason. Don't confuse us with all this my new show okay all I know is the bigger picture that is that I'm Jewish therefore I must love Israel and defend them at all cost or I'm Cuban and therefore I must be obsessed with Cuban no matter what the hell is going on in the world and that's it and don't bother me with anything else. Apparently. Evidently you're right. WQAM hello. Hey. Yes sir. Hey Neil. How about Richard fire Richard prior handle a bit of a problem. I would say he's crazy you don't think so. No. Set yourself on fire you got to be a little don't. Richard fire yourself on fire. Right. He had a burning desire. 5 670 560 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. What do you think is the all time craziest looney tunes celebrity of the wall Michael Jackson I mean he's all by himself and of course we can understand that 296 votes but after that it's a house race. Mike Tyson 53 as he asked born 41 Courtney's glove 29 Denise Robin 24 Gary's beauty his got 21 Chuck Heston 12 Andy Copman 12 and H10 10 new jintin everybody else including for RAL single digits we can get for all pence of 10. We get like one more vote for for RAL. He's only got nine out of control lunatic maniac loose cannon all these things. WQAM hello. Yeah. Do you point me um president dumb fat. WQAM hello. Hey Neil how are you doing okay. It's kind of late but he would have got a lot of votes to see Bob and night kind of a whack job. Bobby night's good he is crazy very good you're saying you got all weekend so maybe you can catch up he can play catch up. Absolutely. That was so bad he's doing it now so you give a bad look there but he's trying his best to do a little but he just don't have it yet practice nice perfect all weekend log it'll keep you off the street pal out of trouble just keep doing the guillotine. Yeah. The important part is the slot. I hope you're self real hard. Welcome I never played that bit which one. Do the guillotine I bet you're not in here. I never heard of it. Do the guillotine. Yeah. Oh that was yeah. I don't think it's in here. No I got it though you have it I don't. Ha ha ha you don't have crap in here man. This thing is embarrassing. Even like. What is that? That thing again oops I like that though when you least expect it because it's so loud man I think there's the hell out of there. Oh man I like it a lot. Now where's that one where he says come on guillotine you can do it. Oh he got a four hour show. Guillotine's the shield I don't I don't you don't watch the shield up the bike. Oh 5 6 7 0 5 6 well that's where they were checking yesterday at the Cleveland Clinic. Yeah. Oh watch him team of spillover even does that he never had a line like that. 5 6 7 0 5 60 5 5 6 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. That's what he said. Hello. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Hey I wanted to say Jason Williams put him on that. Somebody said did we ever put him on or why don't think so. Now what will do it now just because you said no I don't think so we decided no we we took it to committee and we decided no just because you know like dogs and the little drivers that's you know it's up to him. He's like they killed themselves and he walked away. Yeah the dog was definitely a suicide. I got whether we poured the photo on it the dog definitely off himself. It was a suicide. 5 6 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and that's bad boy man. I'm glad that you and here get really tight you know what I think he tries. Try's what to be an oil trying to ambush people like he did to me on Monday. That's all part of him. That's why he's a big of a lot of stuff to look like stuff to look like stuff to look like stuff to look like stuff to look like stuff to look like stuff to look like stuff. You'll say you'll see how many days before he's back he ain't ever went anywhere of course not. What do you mean you know what this reminds me of I was thinking about this before back in the day I mean I'm talking way way back. W News back in the you know old time talk radio topical talk radio all I crap and it was the same it was a different bunch was the same crap and somebody who you know loved you and liked you and it was but all the head of the was like a them cross side or make one comment that they disagreed with and they would well you know you and of course that we didn't have facts is come in those days it was all in the phone you know or letter you I'm never a little you again you were a little bit all the other crap because we have to agree with all of them all the time. Now of course you can't possibly agree with all people of time because they all got different opinions but nevertheless don't confuse them with the facts you must agree with them at all times and everything you must be say must be in the goose step with what they say. Maybe that's why a lot of these people like bush so much they like the old goose step or these they like the old goose and box cars right ovens showers right and then again like I said that soap. Flutty liquid soap right liquid soap all I wonder who's in that bottle. What do we want to be something if like I've after I use the whole bottle of that body wash down the bottom I saw Todd Rex name stamped on there when that be bad. Ooh I would stay in the shower with like some real soap for hours I would get like Mr. Clean and Mr. Reen and just in the power of the spring yeah the old shower of power. Speaking of algal steen so I'll sold his house here is what you're good friend Al son is house because he's broken he's moving to California and married that 23 year old been bad. I never matter poor Al. Yeah I mean he made his own funeral but they really were out to get him and he helped him out you know he did they were out to really nail his ass and he's been over. Even mustard that's not necessarily a good idea but attention man 20 till 2 at 5 60 haha Rectom yeah when I told him about my exams yesterday he looked at me there was a tear of jealousy in his eye I could tell. Spring of the savings right now it's a like never before on the new car truck from arm strong Toyota of homestead's big in a fat boy. The run US 1 20 minutes out to the 836 and arm strong Toyota homestead is worth a drive from just about any place because they're going to save you so much cash thousands and billions on great new Toyota's check out the great leestials that are waiting on you right now an old for camera for one or just two 69 a month or 48 months. How about an old for highlander your pay only 309 a month need a truck how about an old for Toyota 10 roots the safest truck in the US of a you pay just a 179 a month or 48 months and these are just some of the great savings waiting for you right now at arm strong Toyota homestead talk to general manager David Richen is staff you love doing business with them they will do just about anything to get you with you'll cut today and their service department is even open late till eight week nights to make sure they get all your service worked on for you easy to find them and you really ought to there conveniently located in the US 1 and 293rd Street in the homestead just 20 minutes out of the 836 and they offer you a deal right now the likes of which you seldom hear up in your lifetime arm strong Toyota homestead offers your feet tires batteries and replacement parts for life for the life of the vehicle that's right tires batteries and free parts for life who else would do that. So forget about the big mega dealers and car giants who give those screaming loud car commercials and then under deliver call David Rich the GM at arm strong Toyota homestead for a deal at his on believable call 305 242 3247 no BS just the best deals in town 305 242 3247 drive a little and save a ton on that great new Toyota at arm strong Toyota of homestead I urge everyone to complain to this station. I'm the next episode of the shield guilty of these stars as big Mackie. I've gotten on the set of you not a kid. You're a bad man. I'm very bad man. I'm gonna find a place on the stovey. And she mounts when guilty faces off with Captain Mow. I don't think as I saw a view doing the guy here. Yeah that's right. And I want to keep it on the rat sea. I don't want nobody know what went on there. Didn't mean my career. Toyota is crazy. Good. I got it. Hey everybody Captain Mow put the mole in promo. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. 146. At 560. No. W.T.Q.A.M. taking Toyota orders taking talking Toyota's German menace at down. I'm tongue-tie from this and you would be too. A German inventor who developed a gadget that'd be rates-manifly try to use the Toyota outstanding episode more than 1.6 minute devices as his business manager says. German women fed up with a man with a poor aim, contrary to the ghost shaped gadget, which lurks under the toilet room and if the seat is lifted, it clears an a steering female tone. Hello. What do you up to then? Put the seat back down right away. You are definitely not to peace standing up. You'll make a right mess. Alex Benhart 46. Invent of the WC Ghost and its creators are negotiations to market in Britain. Can't it end Italy? How do you like that? A Toyota that talks back at you? Yeah. How did that be? Use some of those? And so you won't be lonely. Now wait till you're this. Interrep whatever the hell that is released, the results of its winter arbitron audience format analization. Spanish and hot AC sort of record levels in the survey, which is why I guess CMQFM went soaring up there to the time. Hmm. Like a rotten banana floats to the top. The latest results represent continued growth for the group group group group. A formats classified under the Spanish label, topping the record set in the fall 2003 report. Spanish years are up nearly a full point in the last year because nobody speaks English you're no more. No. I bet you don't have that in there either. Sure we did. Don't we? I don't even know what it's called. It's called nobody speaks English. And guess what? It ain't in there. Your DCS blows. Yeah. I don't think we had it. The most listened to specific format classification although the combined news talks sports category is off slightly as the sports segment gave back some of the extra listening generated last fall. Do you hear that? No. Let me say it again. News talk remains the most listened to specific format although the combined news talk sports categories off slightly is the sports segment gave back some of the extra listening generated last fall. Huh, the sports segment. In other words, people are sick and tired. You know about Ricky this and Ricky that and what's at the quarterback with those names that the limpers I mean. CHR means the third rank format category with a slide shift from Dancer to the Ophili good. That's his name. Goody, Philly, Philly, Goody. From Dancer to the pop segment in the latest book, Urban Health Study in fourth place overall followed by AC. AC at all contemporary drop back a bit after fall rating surge, when it results contain virtually no changes for country. A classic rock, oldies, new rock and jazz. Other of course the classic rock in Big One, which went tumbling tumbling down to the bottom. Okay. And up to make you cry. Because Howard's stirring got taken off of Big One, six is a major story to anybody we need. Right about those numbers. Howard Con. No. Glenn Garving. Glenn Gary Glenn Garving. No. Tom Jickett. No. Just amazing how many really meaningful stories that go on in this market and they can't be bothered. Speaking of meaningful stories, previously secret sworn statements by detainees at the Ambo Grey Prison and Iraq described in raw detail. Abuse it goes well beyond what's been made public, adding allegations of the prisoners being written like animals, sexually fondled by female soldiers, and forced to retrieve their food from toilets. Retrieve their food from toilets. You turt. Like we're going to QAM. The fresh allegations of prisoners abuse are contained in statements taken from 13 to 10 each year. Early after soldier reported the incidents, the military investigators in mid-January. The detainees said they were savagely beaten and repeatedly humiliated sexually by American soldiers working on the night shift. At tier 1A and Abbo grabbed during the holy month of Ramadan. According to copies of the statements obtained by the Washington Post, some said they were press to denounce Islam or force fed pork and liquor. They were eating trough. Many provided graphic details of how they were sexually humiliated and assaulted, threatened with rape and forced to masturbate in front of female soldiers. How do you like that? Like you said, Fagre is alive and was. I'm not a rascal. I'm not a rascal. I'm not a rascal. I'm not a rascal. I'm not going on my knees. So I can't wear a rascal. I'm a rascal. I'm a rascal. I'm a person in my shen in my sling mouth away. I play for a vanky who's a pig in your wedding. I'm not a religiousist. Have you my son? In the sky. On your next life. You too, Taha. I'm a man and another ramappa. I Tryga has fly with me. I'm a man, another ramappa. I play for no pain this sly. The dog where you may die. Athren experiment will succeed. Ramadana. Re Living outdown. Balufata while you tend to me. Balufata o You know what I mean. It's just not a dislocuminum. It's just not a s***! Wah! Boy! So, Randy Muller, the director of communications at Broadcasting and humiliation for the Florida Panther organization says, over his dead body Steve Geldy Gelsin will be doing that thing. Of course I don't know what thing he was talking about. I just made that up. 157 at 560WQM now. What was that thing you just dropped in there? What was it? Gate. Oh no. What? Play that again. Gate. Oh no. Do you hear the way she said then? No. Wow, that was painful. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. Anyway. 157 at Booster standing by over there at Hooters in the pines. He's going to be doing two to four for the mad dog who just like me now. Right? There was at least one other day this week he didn't show, right? Right. At least. And then the next two weeks we've got let's count him three, not one, not two, but three. Marlin' day game. We're going to be from Monday's Moral Day, which means George is working that day. Oh, I like this schedule, man. Just remember that any Rogers motto, it's a good motto to live by, let's work in more pay. Less hours, more money. That's everybody should be demanding that. More vacation, more time off, more money. I thought your motto was, let's work more. Gate. That too. Well, if you have less working, more time for that. Anyway, here's the apple. What he's out so far. Who do you think is the all-time craziest celebrity? We're talking crazy, man. Lunatic, 613 votes. I don't think they like this poll. That's because it's so one-sided. We probably should have said aside from the king of plop. Who's the other one, man? But that's okay, just forget he's on there. Michael Jackson, 321. Crazy irresponsible. Peter File. Mike Tyson 57. Ozzy Osborne 44. Courtney Love has got about 30, man. Dennis Ryebin 25 for Denise. Gary Bucy 24. I'll tell you what thing. If I saw Dennis Ryebin sitting in a public team room, I would not go in there. No, no. I would not go anywhere near there. To do anything. Gary Bucy 24. Andy Compton 16. Charlton has to old-tuck Scott 14. 14. Thank you. OJ's got 13. I'll lock you number. OJ, I think they're going to come and get your ass this weekend. The rest of the rest of you. Pathetic murdering piece of crap and H10, Ted Nugent 10. Robert Williams 9 for Rale's got 9. Scott for Rale. Remember him? I said do one more so we get to 10. He can do it. Come on. Goose him up there, little big goose up for Rale. Jonathan Witterz eight Howard Hughes without the E has got six. Sid Vicious four. Lies him and Ellie's only got three. Liz Taylor's got a pair and the cool's got a big pair. Turn on a rider too. Keith Moon to Joe Carrillo has got the two. To the Garland one would he used to only one for Whitney Houston only one for Bobby Brown. Only one for Margo Kitter. You can me. Xavier Svarez has won. He's got his bathroom bond right now. And no votes yet for John Bollucci which she was called in 40. 50 times. At least. Jerry Lee Lewis don't have any. I think it's normal. Gommers is five year old cousin. What's wrong with that? Tommy Lee don't have any. Richard Piranan and Bobby Knight don't have any. We just don't have that basketball crowd. But I'm sure that once the books here comes on and we exhaust the Marlin talk after the first five minutes. We can rehash all of that good stuff about the heat gain game six and why they lost and how come they didn't do this and how come they didn't do that. It's cinnamon so on right? Yeah, hoops. Let's talk hoops. And then if there's any time left over we can discuss how why Kelly shouldn't get that Panther job. Bye bye. Bye bye. The right show on plastic is on the new QA. The right amount of money. The attention man if you like the fuel relax them once again. No. No.