to reminder for our radio listeners that the end of the world is going to come next Tuesday at 430 p.m. and the Department of Health has requested homeowners to unplug all electrical appliances, turn off radios and TV sets and disconnect gas stoves and furnaces. The post office recommends that you mail early in the day and for those with automobiles, alternate side of the street parking will be suspended. That's the end of the world next Tuesday at 430 p.m. Market down. The nice, from the network that brought you home, in the city comes the reallie show that's just not kosher Jewish in the country. Hey, what's with the 90s claiming chicken enough with the cock of doing the tool, I'm up! Follow a nice Jewish boy from Yonfir's who has this been two weeks on a farm in Iowa. So Mr. Cow, make with the milk already well, we're young. You want the gingerbread? Me there, what he trains his yellow go for on struck or hatch. You want the pizza drive in tractor? What do I look like Mr. Greenberg teams? It's July, turn ploboy on Jewish in the country. So, but if this fall might be going to, that means not what he does. Right under Sky Trek, Syracum's eyes, right at dawn, UPM. Ten away to 560 WQM, happy Tuesday, Tuesday, and there we are after the best hour at Stern and don't tell you start. You better count your blessings. Sit down here and say that. That's right. Sit down and dummy up. Anyway, we got no ball game today. We got almost four hours to dig in, so we're getting some of that time back that some people are very distraught that we've lost. I have some bad news for you. Yeah. Hey, Goldberg will not be back tomorrow. Really? I have some better news. He might be back Thursday. I just, we just don't know. I, when he's still out west, he's still in Vegas, plunging his guts out. And these people still here, I can't get off the dime and can't decide which hand to wipe with. But then again, that's Greg. You don't understand your close personal friend, Greg? Hmm, but right. Because one of the things that anybody who's been in radio for like more than 10 minutes knows, the audience loves one thing, you know what that is? Consistency. No. Yeah. People are creatures that have it. Even people are TV. Like they turn on NBC at 11 30 and I they want to see that slick jaw, the slack jaw, the goofball. Okay. They turn on CBS 11 30 and I they want to see David Letterman turn to pencil to the window. They want to see certain things that are certain even in the morning when they get up for whatever reason. They want to see that. Oh, I heard cut Matt Lauer guy. They want a schedule and chaos. No, they don't. They want musical hosts. I know they do not. Oh, so one thing that maybe somebody ought to mention to Greg is that the audience likes a little bit of stability and have some idea who that. I mean, when they only even know inside the building who's going to be on Thursday, that's a tedious something shouldn't it? Yeah. To tell you a lot. Maybe go these going to be back. I sure hope not. Now he's not coming back. Maybe deepos coming. Now he ain't coming. What the cornball crappies. Oh, and by the way, somebody won't return his phone calls. So here's the apparel result. Ha ha ha ha. Let's play like a little child. Remember that poll you took. How could you forget about Schmier the queer and all that. Sure. They were Charlie. Yeah. Right. How about Hayden and Seek was that on there? A variation. I kick the can. Yes. We had variations of Hayden and Seek on this. I'm in a can. Like I did last night. I woke up three o'clock this morning. I can't say with wild massive diarrhea from the just being here two days. Yeah. Yeah. I can't say that though because it has to do with, you know, one kind of activity. Right. That's right. And of course, there's something unnatural and grotesque and unclean about that. So that's another thing there. But Charlie decided we can't talk about. How about sweating? Can we talk about sweat? As long as it's not bot lane function. Oh, butts what? That's bad. Bractum. Okay. Let's take a look at yesterday's poll. Can I say poll? 1853 vote. How panicky are you about hurricane Francis? Now, before I give you the result of the poll, let me just give a kudo to the rational weather theory. Miss Kamala on channel 7. I never thought they'd give him kudos to anybody on channel 7. And by the way, is there anybody straight works on that channel? Wow. What a fruit farm. No, seriously. That is the most, um, thinking, um, amazing. Closet. And the door. And the door is wide open, evidently. And anyway, um, Miss Kamala is covering a Francis thing, I think. rationally. You know, like, don't get everybody get panicky and don't go out to the deep end. And no kid too confident. If it goes, uh, one way because we still read it don't know. And then we'll see if we can get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get an chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance of a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get an chance to get a chance to get a chance to get with Brian Lachrass the hysterical letter fairy uh... he's got an ice cream cone he doesn't like a regular cone his is like the round is a tip i thought it would look like a Nike suit his is like round and uh... rounded at the tip that's what's up to all but anyway no seriously and as a result he's got this like it looks like a nice cream cone so the whole the whole thing is round so it encompasses all of us i mean here you are the better where you are the right brines wikipedia about channel floor he's got your like in the he's got you covered so and the people are really frost my ass are you grave robbers there's one word and your driving still sucks i'm excited i this morning there's no point in getting frustrated because i'm not going to be here that long but it's just it's just amazing to me there's this bitch at the turnpike told by the city well see the side she's going to the were spresely with a dollar bill and my luck on right behind this bitch and there's about a half of the people behind me they got things to do they're going to work there i get in the kid to school whatever they're doing they have a life but this broad her problem is i think i have no line she pulls up to the basket and she rolls down the window and she's got a dollar bill in her hand and she's kind of like waving it like maybe magically some i hand is going to come from the basket member michael king right hand the uh... magic hand is going to come out of the basket and give her change and like open up the uh... thing the gates of she can go through and now people and she don't you know there's no room behind me to back up to let her out which is no chance of that at that hour the morning's a lot of traffic and so she's uh... sitting there and waving and just decorating toward the atulbos and for the person can't see her anyway and it's also got their own a fish to fry because there are people actually paying uh... one one change in the right lane so now the corns are honking and people are getting all band out of shape and so she gets out of the car she got some other bitch probably her girlfriend in their weather actually some brought about i would say looking at her forties nasty looking hostile looking looked a little like made for the not that all in that that hostile i don't believe but anyway and as you go to the tool and she gets her four quarters and comes run back and takes her sweet time uh... getting her car and uh... getting on through there now and i know it would be an i murder be behind this bitch she gets to the corner after the one that i hate that's the only part i just i don't like that part of coming here and there ought to be a light there but that would make too much sense at four forty one in the uh... whatever the name of that what is that damn reno driver whatever that street is not a state of the comes out on the out on to uh... i was very wrote and she's gonna make the left turn while she starts making the left turn the other problem is there's somebody coming the other way off uh... i was very making the left turn ahead of her so she'd been your wife's out and is blown at horn and is furious and that was some of the best driving i saw this morning but at any rate here's the appell result how panicky are you about hurricane frances eighteen o s i started to say about you idiots that are running to a home depot plantation florida mama's in versus a that i live there while i live in the acres okay so i'm at enthentation proper but we were featured nationally on the on the web and at work yeah but you go falls in plantation rushing to the stores ten o clock last night there with a home depot and there with the public center at windyxie and there's stocking up on the uh... plywood and on the generators and are getting a bottle water now it's okay if you're a little bit nervous although you know you really could wait till tomorrow do we have a better idea by tomorrow at this time we'll have a much better idea where the scene home and whether it's working well by that's i know the panicky people all about everything all the panicky people well bought up every bottle of water that's ever invented every sheet of plywood that was ever cut they'll have bought up every two by four every uh... piece of masking tape that was ever uh... manufacturer all the water out of your water cloud right because these people are selfish is basically what of world's down when you see the people with these enormous carts full of mostly water and can go to forget the pitch is man now the only problem with pieces that probably have like some kind of a what black suit of effect oh yeah like that can be seen as fair and it's a bit of a shiver content so i think if you eat too much out of a can you be spending a lot of time in the can if we do have unfortunately uh... nasty hit here which i'll be long gone uh... but if it didn't happen maybe you're watering can be working right you might have to go out and like do some business in the backyard as sure because how you get a flush it very carefully i guess i don't know so being too many pieces is my best suggestion to i got a really good idea i don't want to create a run i don't want to create the runs all i had my own last night from being here but if you go to like seven eleven or eight a convenience or they got them great pickle bags and sausages oh yeah now those if you have like a little formal about around the house the or maybe like uh... what's that other stuff that you uh... clean your ears out with oh well prox i'm proud of it just put it in a big jug there you go and you can keep them pickled eggs and sausages and uh... and so it's a deal pickles i think they sell to you know you keep those for years right yeah oh you can keep them in some nice brine in fact maybe judge back at a come over to house and uh... do something that bottle for you yeah and give you a little bit of color and any right so that's uh... my suggestion is just calm down and quit being a bunch of selfish vatins i can't stand it oh no we saw what happened with Charlie we don't want to be we will look to Andrew well guess what so did i yeah we will hear we're all here many of us and the fact that a matter is uh... use a little common sense and like mischamel whether for a junior says on channel seven just relax just quit being so freaking this is their record over the top like so many and it can be okay number what was the one that uh... mayor all in speaking of air penis pecan you don't vote for him today if you're going to vote you got to tell seven o'clock the night the polls are open where we've written for an at race is running against the beddy caster all peter dwey okay um... peter dwey just a good man he's great did you see the spots yeah okay vote for peter dwey please do not vote for beddy caster world because caster world has a lot of the fact that would a potential hurricane come and we don't want to be a spread into much time in the can on the can eat not a can right right forget about beddy caster world peter dwey no chance here is a guy that algor said was the most devious lying piece of crap politician in the history of mankind alx penis pecania here's about it like not only let him down but step him right to the heart here is a man who is largely responsible for giving us the bunch of fascist that we have writing country right now the bunch of nazis which by the way your president says we probably can't win the war on terror i heard that that uh... oh man oh brother but we can't live a popular spend a lot of money in get how about the education back tell and then people we can make the notice popular is they once were right but anyway uh... so we got all this stuff coming and the people out there are going all over the top which were not too happy about peter dwey today you have plenty of time bill seven o'clock tonight not make her penis a pecania who also made that back to a deal i'd see for the micky arson course we wouldn't have the triple a arena uh... we might not have the mtv music words all probably we could add a right there in sunrise which is a much better arena right and a much better center location where people can actually go who's speaking with but at any rate here's the poor result from yesterday how panicky are you about hurricane frances oh my god eighteen hundred seventy four votes not too bad all wait and see where it's really going out for once in your lives actually made some sense that's astonishing that so many people would act so rationally those are not the people are lined up at home depot or lows right now or lined up at public so waiting by up all the water and then they showed one of the stories i remember whether we wouldn't not rollin water was it one of the supermarkets this was last night and you know where they have the bottle water in the camp it was already gone yeah so many gone last night was freaking monday if my counters right monday all gone by panic baby panic that's my best suggestion to you okay when it out panic just go crazy any one of the lights good why because there's nothing else going on you all well beside the fact that i don't i don't know how you people do it it is so hot in the humid uh... ten thirty last night i'm watching a weather channel and it's eighty five degrees right how to do it night survive it oh distractions a lot of distract i go out to get my newspapers this morning you could polish out there just just walking out for thirty seconds to pick up the two uh... fish wrappers which by the way they're in nothing to read them or you're complaining too much in the atlom just i'm just telling you the truth you know they spend a lot of money on this station who's that they're holding the sun several right go ahead and like poor is okay in their case we make an exception we don't like them at all especially the sun settle and small potatoes yeah it's hard to hate them because they're like vanilla ice cream out but the herald eighteen hundred seventy four votes or look at i just hands again eighteen eighty eleven hundred ninety three sixty three and a half percent that i'll wait and see where to really go on and we can still wait another day right right if or for all you greedy selfish bastards maybe by Thursday we'd have some more bottled water and some plywood and some generators and things we might actually need if for example is thing if it comes if we get it's going to be saturday today still only two day see originally they were saying friday now if we get the hit it's going to be saturday which some of us will be long gone and anyway uh... what may worry to a hundred thirty two stocking up now water batteries all of these things two hundred and five eleven percent you're the ones man selfish selfish rotten to the core brine or cross has been a total panic under the team with his round shaped cone i'm going back out of the bed of hundred nine no seriously when you watch when i'm late around today all i want every other station that's reporting on has got a funnel shaped cone hold right and that's the area in which this thing might hit okay and the national weather service no what they all have a funnel but brine or cross he's on an ice cream shaped cone and if you're released to maybe let's you look at i'm going back up the bed of hundred nine and the shutters are up already twenty three out of nearly nineteen hundred votes that's our pull result for me yesterday and of course they would say well we know that they're going to like uh... you have a run on a pet's why we want to get their head i i can actually almost understand that do i mean sure knowing how greedy and selfish some of these in panicky some of these people are you want to get there a little bit ahead of time because you know that if you wait till Thursday the shelves are going to be barren they're going to be bad so we'll see all bad news death of death of the day but you know that denis miles died who come on the hockey mass room guitarist with rapper iced he's hard rock band body count denis miles is died after battle with lymphoma you don't know denis miles how about Jason here at a hockey mask how about jack plant miles who stage name was d-rock how does that help out no died august seventeen california he was forty five but now that it's uh... august thirty one we just get a month on a two weeks later they want to make sure he was reading well yeah it's a couple of a couple days two other members of all the kind of already died drummer beat beat master five succumb to leukemia nineteen ninety six and basis most man all was killed and arrived by shooting in two thousand the muciman not one from uh... the drive by shootings up there in the sea and editor of the work but the muciman dc was the back of the body count sounds that iced tea words can explain how much will miss the rock more as a friend then a bad member and he's dead and you didn't know it didn't know he was no that of his name miles davis hello something up in you can see for miles or you can see uh... show them hollow on our website today oh good behind a meeting curtain one of our favorites is it really well she's not very much to me all the cheese icing you know where she's from where she was born no i don't he was forty-seven or fifty nineteen seventy three this is behind a baby curtain on the arraggies dot com if you're with the age of seventy five and have many many legitimate uh... pieces they have to be stamped and approved by the s.a.s.s. the look to the screen right all i and let me say this is nice to see the republicans are really bringing all the people up there to speak uh... in the beginning of the convention who are representative over or they're really coming from what a joke you know all the ad crox you know that screamer and john macaine all these moderate republicans they're putting their best for uh... you know and meantime the notty's are having the s.s. meeting in the back room chillom harlow was born December 5th nineteen seventy three makes her almost thirty one and she was born in ashua on terial candidate like that like that right down the road from ice your place join chillom exes here means peace in he brunas uses a greeting and some will look at that and say wow what a piece her filmography includes the tv series the jury you as we speak also i love your work how to lose the content days happy here and now the salt and sea caten leopard vinyls guy head over heels cherry yeah there we have a great dawn cherry hockey night in canada in and out wonder what that's about unzipped what's at about and the bunch of other stuff so there she is of course a model career that's which uh... i understand chillom harlow there she is on our b.d. curtain today another free me from the new roger show i doesn't cost you to go to our website anybody that would charge to look at their website has to be some kind of an eager to some kind of a lunatic are you sure i mean just beyond my comprehension you know what can you imagine if we charge people to go look at our website and we got a great website as we do thanks i reckon john but the idea that we would be so uh... makes me feel very uncomfortable makes give me shifilkies makes my guts twist oh and thanks to how is again for some really fantastic best of the world making it again so it's a great and the rate of the whole we're done a little bit to that really more than two orders and there it's starting to get little that package it's like a little heavy there's nothing worse than a heavy package 26 after ten and five sixty w q a m oh that's what's where it was coming this morning about broye and oh is it in here i don't even know if it's in here seems to be a hero because the one where we heard about uh... both of them on when you're moving on you absolutely yes actual armus in the city what this thing called electric LA where it's hot nugget he know place for a heart and buggy see if my go on a bender where it being hats and funny suspenders the back home is a different world no puns on your tear carcasses come on command and raise that barn they can't swear the ginseng they sound too many if you miss it's a pity these kids they can't say the same because they're honest in the scene because they're honest in the scene damn it no more even on the mud and they can use it for instead of buttons first time see enough computer going for lunch at a place called looters carcass all never heard street nought any for first time they never seen a home boy but back home it's a different thing don't have to zone belly rings come on command and feel no guilt when you get home you can finish that skill LA the place is so pretty if they say how will they survive when they're honest in the city when they're honest in the city 32 or 5.6. you'd have to get the cheap out 50 votes so far in the pool we just put it up there haven't even talked about that yet we you want a apology to a brand or cross by the way I do when you get because I just printed out the latest noa tracking photo yeah of hurricane Francis and take a look at that what's on it they got a cone oh is that like Brian's cone yeah well not quite a little bit different this one's got sprinkles on it looks like a snow coat on our hiss got sprinkles on it and his cone too but in any way uh so we a you apologize profusely to miss norcross but she's the uh hysteria spirit and the letter fairy original anybody can be like a rather for imitated like miss comall on channel 7 who's doing a much better job by the way much more rational and the weather channel not doing a very good job I don't think at all of you I think there's stick in the joint on this is a lot of it's been a too much time on gas dawn and of course it's pumping apart we always say I passed on gas dawn but uh and they got this one check on it I don't want to say too much because she's dark and plicked and I'll get upset he calls it gas dawn now you can call it gas dawn you can call it uh gas dawn you can call anyone but gas dawn no is there any other yet no she in fact I think she may be stone or whatever but the weather channel leaves me a little bit limp if I can say that so anyway this shows the uh and then they don't know but this is just what they're estimating right now and this is the same one that the weather fairy junior was using on channel 7 miss comall it shows at 2 a.m. Sunday uh Orlando looks like to me see can you see that I can there's the lake there's like a okito b's those uh y'all who don't say okito kiki go through Paul beat on the way to the lake okito b's it looks quite far north it looks like it might hit landfall like about a pie oh I would say Fort Myers alright I mean I'd say Fort Myers excuse me Fort Pierce yeah we got all fast on Saturday see some of us are only concerned about that we're that West Paul no no well as a matter of fact if it takes just a little history you may be up uh Schmidt's Creek which is right next to review or beat I know what that is yeah so I don't know we still don't really know but that's what they're showing it's such it's got hurricane Francis right there smack I would say north more like the lakeland there would be a place for now that the birds dead anyway right lakeland would be good nothing but a bunch of mugglooms up there what's that other place of their north of Lakeland where all the horses that horse kind of muggly no no and the mugglooms not north you better get your geography straight now mister mugglooms engine place on the alley it's on the alley one uh okalan oh that's it horse country right never been there but I hear it's really beauty horsey and the horses are great these scenery is beautiful people are there y'all who's yeah in fact most of the rejects from their wound up in two eggs they got blown over there in a hurricane anyway I'm not touching it five six seven let's get a few calls in here before we get to the heavy duty stuff because we got all a little too okloc today what's that schedule look like me oh well check the dry erase port mad dog oh and look at that we got that ball game on Thursday I keep my eyes keep dropping down from the day in a moroscage or till Thursday oh yeah but it not rain Thursday in New York there be no rain delays better be no excuses know how because Thursday we got 1235 marlins on deck and you're right in heart marlins were just four back of a wild card I think they're gonna make it I really believe it marlins at the match at one ten so we get out of here early on Thursday which makes up for the fact that this week it's the best hour it's stirring and we want to get in screwed badly and instead of anticipating all these great days of 1045 and 11 o'clock 1115 till two and be able to just kind of like hang out and enjoy robbing and pukes early enjoy watching a jacklist into robbing and puking and Howard do we got a down Robert S. Albert does all the listening right he gives us a lot of things off don't forget about love he's in there with 42 dumps maybe that's why I took so many dumps last night maybe I'm emulating a love but I hope not simply dumps I'm gonna try to butcher up a little bit so here's today's poll question which of these is or was the most interest to you these are things that people might be thinking about right now or maybe not the democratic convention the republican convention the MTV awards the Olympics the Howard Stern show hurricane Francis today's election or when is hand coming back for what I voted for what when is hand coming back right or he's given the hurricane a run for their money because so far we put it up there we got 73 votes hurricane Francis 27 votes let his hand coming back 20 and we honestly have no idea and it leaves a gigantic pain right where my heart used to be the Howard Stern show a Olympics 7 democratic convention 5 today's election only three only three don't forget tina doids for senate definitely not bet a caster and most definitely not Alex penis picania all my god is anybody who's speaking in life's gonna vote for him or in addition to which probably the Cubans are gonna vote against him to know they have written a hate my poison because he's a turncoat number one sure and number two because of that obnoxious he helped to the back door bush get in and I would got that horrendous pub you see the guy committed suicide the other day no the Cuban guy didn't see that story no he committed suicide because of the new restrictions on travel to Cuba and he's got a handicapped kid that was visiting over there in Cuba and he blew his brains out because he was so distraught I didn't see that another casually the bush policies so Alice penis picania by stepping al Gore in the back and not helping al Gore win Florida he's partly very largely in part in fact I blame him 95% and to resell a poor the other 5% which will get to her crap later to see that scams he's pulling up their impombs county again oh yeah where he's controlling the absentee ballots in her own election for reelection to be uh supervisor elections she's a plant yeah she's a mole she is a plant all right you what what's the plan to Venus fly trap that's which he is a manly venus a man eating plant yeah there you go rhymes with oh speaking of that scram was in in this morning much too long wow bro so the one more on the building is that because we knew about the royal thing but we didn't know about the draw connection with scram I didn't know about that I guess I did but if I talk about I'll probably be suspended oh can we start at about five minutes yeah you don't dare talk about any of Greg's friends in this place so you're suspended mister for a long time without pay all I got a better contract I guess and some so anyway when has hank coming back is right on the s of that with 22 right on the s of the hurricane but that's what people are concerned about that's why we're right on it whether that work there's a nice music from the weather channel music to wait for hurricane's by what what did they play this time it's a local local uh uh for jazz then all these weather channels they want to jazz it up for it it's hot it's humid it's boring mosquitoes are big nasty it's kind of over the last um what what did they play the only kind of music at every west mile virus what they play the one kind of music that's no one one because every only they want you to concentrate on the music they want you to look at those thunderstorms there might be 92 highly 92 at our showers and thunderstorms what a high 92 wind's east southeast at 10 to 15 miles per hour chance of rain 40 percent oh my god four tonight I see the thunderstorms in the evening this time certainly partly cloudy after midnight low 79 calmer rain 30 percent uh Wednesday partly cloudy with a slight chance of thunderstorm last night 90 chance of rain 30 percent how's this come on with a big expect a chance of thunderstorms Thursday through Saturday with temperatures in the low 90s on Thursday we've on it for the second hour for focus oh mad dog at two I guess that was it and I'm the Howard from Bokad filling in for the suspended and vacationing and punching is got some biggest hangover at four and then we got the of Marlins on deck 6 35 game at seven or seven ten and he came for the baseball game that's our schedule and it's written in ink today ready for the answers today and we got to see Clarence this morning for a prolonged much too long period of time and we got to see Dup who was like a in a total panic popping a lot of pills and we got to see Gary Sarner who continues being just uh kosher is gonna be and we saw fat boy and uh I saw Skippy in the tea room this morning he was right on a way out he's the only guy we got to build a huge small enough he goes into the stall underneath the door yeah he crawls in under the door he was doing something on the floor in there and who else did I see in our sales uh that's it I guess this morning yeah I think that's it I think that covers all the boys that you mentioned Troy oh and of course we saw our friend to roar every morning because he likes to check it with and then as soon as somebody mentioned about him in screwing doing something that's when he ran out of here let's say on this must be oh it's from the university died so it's one of Kim Bokamp's boyfriend's no doubt it says you forgot are the god how are the dolphins going to do this season that's it's who get about about 30 minutes votes uh let's add that on there you want to add it on since you're the add on man now well I don't want to get no that way huh that I actually can't do it this computer I see everything that's about the only thing but well how do we put that on there uh or the dolphins gonna make the playoffs oh you you hold man whoa you sure don't know your sports mister we thought we knew that before but the silly person that's a joke um how about how how will the dolphins be how bad will the dolphins be right this one we know they're gonna be bad no no it's just everybody even when to play by play man is done either gonna be bad even when he's saying that he is scuttle but it's maybe 6 and 10 of some who didn't you know I mean it's sure like him all the way is a jess fan yeah but it's the ones that era yeah that's what I'm saying that's it I know you got your thumb on it that's why how bad are they gonna be how bad will the dolphins it's something like that. Well there lots of things to worry about but of course most informologists of all your neighbors are gonna buy up all the uh bottle water and generators and play wood before you get a chance to get there in a masking tape all of these things that would be bad. Line 9 is always good WQAM hello. Yes sir? Not just one of the say hi. Hi bye. Okay well see that was pretty good I was one of our better calls on line 9 I was saying a fur and I was a nice no it was a nice family way to start a Tuesday morning and an area where most of the people tend to be extraordinarily unfriendly and unhappy do you blame them no no they're stuck here I guess and I I'm serious I'm I saw that I came home Sunday about 11 in the morning and as soon as I started like I went out to Walgreens to pick up some prescription refill stuff like that and I noticed the people walking in a parking lot they all had that scowel on their face like they were not happy yeah like they were he disgusted with life like they were stuck here and not too happy about it and sweating and humid and hot and stuffy and yeah and they just didn't look like happy campers now I'm not used to that I'm used to a lot of happy people hey happy go lucky friendly WQAM hello. Hello. Yes sir chronic. Okay chronic. Hey Neil can I show you cock. Like I said 560 560 pound 560 it's the voice of experience it sounds like to me pound 560 on the 80. It only looks like and Verizon wireless line I said the voice of experience of WQAM hello not there probably just as well while that other thing goes maybe we need about five of those two said we should have access to that I sure think so. WQAM hello. Yeah. Yes sir. How are you? Okay. I've been trying for years to get through I can't hear you go. I can't believe I got through. Well we're waiting for man. Yeah there you go my name's Greg I'm originally from Toronto and I'm pleased that you like Toronto so well how's it going hey. Yeah exactly it's all a boot a great city. Long good thing we know the least aren't gonna have a bad season this year because they're ain't gonna be any season so what's wrong with that. I think you're right I think you're right. I know I'm right. Yeah it seems like it was in the reason I was calling is to tell you I think the world is way too serious. Right. I listened to you every day you make me laugh I thank you. Yeah. Exactly. Too many uptight people out there man. Oh man that's why I like Toronto so much event not too many uptight people everybody seems kind of like relaxed and the friendly and yeah I did just not take things so seriously. If you're dealing if you get to deal with the actual transsonians but I mean if they're dealing with all the seek and all the the minorities and the change well I don't seek them out myself. Yeah a little quite frankly you don't really have to. What are you hanging Toronto? Right by my house. Yeah are you downtown? I'm within shooting this in Seattle. Oh I grew up at a young and eggwink scenario and I hang out at the woodbind race dragon they casino man at the slots. Yeah who'd you like that huh? I love that thing man I got hooked on it's beautiful out there it's a fantastic plan. You're only thinking it's a pain in the ass well actually it's a good thing it's a pain in the ass is that it's far from anywhere because it's out by the airport which is good because otherwise you'd be like lose no your cash. But it's hard for you to get there isn't that big as you don't you don't have a car when you're going to take the cab drivers know me they they see no a sucker when they see one coming. No yeah that man personal cab driver picks me up takes me out there sure. He learned that $50 per. Hi it is easy to get a cab there. You well man I would just call him to say again that you make me laugh and thank you. Well thanks Rick I'll see if he even said a ray. Oh I got bad news for you. Oh it's that. Yo jem mugs the restaurant next to the incident I had the grits on the brunch. Uh huh which I was neither every Sunday they're are they shut them down because they're going to use that space for something else in the odd they just closed as we speak right now. Oh there you have nothing for them. I tried to call one one there there's a great restaurant when you were doing the thing or the fast food one day. Right there but every you get on the east side of the waterdale there's a place called the east coast burrito factory and it's on commercial and it's just east to 95 it's on the north side of the street and it is awesome. Okay thanks a lot crap. All right man thank you all good one. Bye. Okay I got to think of my uh briefcase. You got a thing? Oh I he reminded me when I mentioned about the being all hockey season then I know we have a how many hockey fans out there. I heard him man. Yesterday in the mail I get at home from the floor to painters. The thing I'm here for a few days because this is very crucial. I don't look I don't want to pick on him because I'd like to see the franchise do well. I like to see somebody turn it around although Alan Cohen certainly isn't the one it's going to do it. Uh but it's just that they do so many stupid things. First of all here's yet another letter. What an exciting summer it's been. During you all our panthers continue to make improvements on and off the ice and new coasts rock, strap martin and my keen and general manager that we are fired not too long ago but now we decide he's not so bad and yati yati yati. There's a week following Labor Day or receive tickets for the first seven hockey games. Two preseason games in the five regular there isn't going to be any hockey game. Once the season begins we will go to print with your commemorative ticket books. And bye bye bye bye and bonus upgrades in us and add and and then there's a yellow certificate inside this now I want you to stop and think about this okay first they want everybody's money for a season that's not going to happen and number two here is a special offer for full season seedholders only. 50% off on additional full season seeds for the 2004 or five season which are going to be one but assuming that there was so in other words let's say I wanted to you decide if you want to become a hockey fan of panther fan okay and I said okay George well I got this yellow coupon correct panthers that's going to give me 50% off for the additional season of course assuming I paid for my own tickets which thank god I don't because otherwise I wouldn't buy I'm in a station where you versus me it's part of my deal but that would mean that I would pay x amount of dollars let's say five grand and you'd get the same exact thing for 2500 what a good deal yeah throughout our most successful campaign today it's kind of what they did last year and it keep doing every year because they can't put asses in the seats is they keep giving away freebies all the time and you've just paid a fortune arm and legs 62 bucks a seat right and then you find out that have to people sitting around you or like maybe as 10 feet away from you they got in for free yeah well screw that thanks one more reason like a lot of people shouldn't be sitting in a hand over their money it says we've listened to our fans we spotted with an outstanding offer starting Monday August 30th at 8 a.m. and in the Friday September 3rd 5 p.m. this week we'd like to extend you the following purchase additional full season tickets at 50% off available in all price categories with the exception of row one pathoclub seats so in other words you can get my exact club seats there like maybe right the next row down for half a paid what a bargain well guess what how do you know get it for half up right now okay I'm tearing it fast enough right now I know that you guys try hard some of you guys over there in the organization and you're trying to like drum up some interest and you know that there's not gonna be any season I feel bad for it because Alan Cohen is just dying to see a red ink over there but uh I mean who are we kidding here you keep pissing off the people at that pay the full price now if you know that there are all these seats available at half price or for free would you pay full price if you could go to Ruth Chris take house and get a stake for 10 bucks the same what I'm gonna play right bucks for would you pay 50 bucks always for some kind of a moron even if you got things bucks with you don't but I just don't understand these people I keep leading you down a garden path and it's selling stuff it reminds me of Jim and Tammy Faye Baker with those condos that were selling right those time shares that they had about 10 of them and they sold about 30 thousand you know condos that didn't exist and it created a little bit of a problem and I see exactly the same kind of bait and swish here now I think that deadline for the being a season and I was September 13 which is like two weeks away and it's not gonna happen I mean barring some miracle there's about as much chances that it's hurricane Francis is gonna like land in Mexico City well maybe it'll be the same like those condos those were faith-based condos maybe they'll be a faith-based hockey season or maybe there'll be a fake base hockey season maybe that's what it's gonna be because that's what I'm smelling right now I smell it a rat never the year of the rat when we're thrown all the rats on the ice or I'm smelling the year of the rat coming back right now they're trying to sell it to you okay and I have it only a lot of people are buying because there's so many stupid people here they'll buy almost anything how's that pull question coming along now which of these and there's no particular it's just these are things that I think people might recently have been or should be or stuff yeah stuff that people might be excited about concerned about which of these is or was the most interest to you hurricane Francis 59 I'm not thinking about our audience man they don't give all panicky about crap like that they kind of take the cue for me to just relax of course they know that damn well that if it is coming here I'll be on a plane at Toronto one and there's a morning when it's hand coming back forty he's not coming back tomorrow I want to apologize for that misinformation that was given to us that was the scuttle about around here yesterday who told me that everybody everybody in the building was this right in a kind of a re-roomer is that the upper was coming back tomorrow come to find out he won't even be in town tomorrow he'll be in Vegas he's still out there pledging his lungs out probably having a great time although probably a little bit concerned is whether what the hell's going on over here because they keep yanking him around and yanking him around my god is the old tank yank is going on over here remember those big yank workpants 164 votes hurricane Francis 61 one's hand coming back 44 now how it's during show 16 course which is the most interest now that coverage a lot of territory like in other words one of there we didn't hear the show as opposed to that all the bleeps stuff like that I think it sounds great yeah it's wonderful and we are yes the Olympic 15 the Democratic convention 11 today's election eight that don't forget Peter Doids no mayor penis pecania today's election eight the primary Republican conventionally six you know I will not watch 10 seconds of it and show that type of john McCain bust on a Michael Moore do you see that no I will like a more and at least Michael Moore he at least he's got two puff up cheeks that's because he's bad he's balance right he's balanced out well one deal puffy cheek looks like he's got a big truck to back in his tea hey that's a better in your right well if they can do it why don't can't wait if I think that's the same veteran that bush was ripping an aspect in 2000 yeah but that was for a good call oh yeah that was just cause Republican convention six the MTV awards only two you see how they forget so fast that was the hottest thing ever made up so yesterday that was the hottest ticket ever in this time yeah well do you believe that sure out on that occasion I'm not a yeah I'm not building on that that's not that area and how bad will the dolphins do this year only one and I think probably a lot of people aren't that concerned about an out because they already know the answer to the question I mean what is the maximum game the dolphins could win this year yeah max that would be only if a miracle if they've once that started rubbing those rosary beads like overtime and if a rookie Williams came back and a t-feetler got baptized all of these things are what seriously and also got his foreskin back all of those things are necessary for the dolphins to win more than eight games this season I've seen like seven nine micro civil balls that's my prediction I'm really rambling you know and it's already eleven o'clock great I don't know what it is because we don't really start that late today but there's something with a new stern deal here and and don't let any old funny dirty with a bad hairdo I'll give you a song that's about how anybody are connected with this show is upset about steering going to whatever it'll feel that we are happy campuses he were happy would say we are pleased is punch we're up to the ends early we are right we're not too happy is on vacation this week we want like more ten fifty five eleven twenty uh stuff like that in fact maybe if muffers listen maybe we could like take two of those best of tapes on Thursday and then we can go on like just at about twelve ten and get all the spots in right up until the morning pregame show sounds really good WQAM hello yes sir hey listen now you're so sure about the hockey season right you should run a contest for your plus season tickets that's what you want what do you think are you want to contest to do one you should run a contest for your for your tickets for the band to see it yeah go back to Boston schmuck by the way the bro and this joke he knows that five six seven oh five six the pound five sixty I should run a contest I should give him the tickets what he's really trying to say that that's what he's really trying to say well what's he got to lose right I'll tell you what I want to contest and that is that I'll say you my pantant tickets for half of what the station is paying for me I don't pay for him how's that maybe he'll call back half of that because he didn't already get them in half price oh that's right I'll sell him here for half of that yeah okay get cash right now small bills puts up oh man you wonder why the oh who are here on houses two in secret in cat ramen call Maybell mus- rollergangs are right deaf! Now, shrines are mighty. If CHRIST is like a ro<|sv|>e Перch, then then you try to pide them for the future yup. R田's To magic in your couldote yonder If durever you've traded The rain performs like Glass Villages You can shape hand мог when you ride, and shake your face A little bit bolder thanに He's having a lot of fun, he's having fun. He's having fun. He's having fun. He's having fun. I think he's always been happy. He's always been happy. He's always happy. He's always been happy. There's my Jason Florida over there. He's having fun. Remember, Per, and they're panicking my Jason. You're going to get your money, and you're going to get my $5,000 to me. I'll be back in my future. And spell, just like the magic stars, I'll get back. Barbara, for three, and we're selling this for nine, and I'll be back with money. I'll be back with time. What did you do? I said, I replayed, I think I'll see NBC last night. I'm going to press from Sunday, and Swellery was on here, and she was good. Yeah. She was dang good. She's good. She's good. She does. And Dijk's are in right now, and I'm going to say what would be wrong with having Hillary at the ahead, because she's a nice queen. And nice princess. Sorry, not to be confused with that, just a nice queen. Okay, so herkian frances 86 is leaving our polis. Makes a lot of sense to me. That means that people are paying attention to Venice, and we got the weather road channel. This is the area of the city of Richmond called Choco. We don't care about them. We'll care about Gaston, whether it's Gaston, the storm or Gaston. We're going to care about any of that stuff. With all the respects of those people out there in Virginia, and the Delaware, and Maryland, and all those vumb for places up there, we can't be bothered with them. Because we just wound up with Charlie over here, which I must say, I think, even though I wasn't here, I followed on the tube. I don't think we did a particularly good job of advising the people over there. Most of all, if you live in a trader park, it's not a good idea to be waiting for the big blow. But nevertheless, they didn't do a really good job. And they give us an answer. Well, we gave them like 15 minutes warning, you know, all those other crap. And they kept talking Tampa, Tampa, Tampa, Tampa. And it would not even wear a near Tampa. Not even close. Now, if we'd have been lucky, we'd have blown Tampa off the map. Loots, Temple Terrace, huh? Right, Saint Pete, all the more blue hairs. It would have been great. That we could like, brought a whole new bunch of people at the Tampa, living in breathing folks, because it's a beautiful place. Sure. That's all around. Great. Just like us. But, no, that's true. This is a beautiful place where except for course for this climate, the summertime, for 10 months year. But it's just the wrong people are here. Nasty. And maybe they were nice once upon a time. But I don't think so. No. Less than three weeks after Hurricane Charlie ran, SAX, SAX, SAX, Wester, and Florida. Four casters, they use that term loosely, and they use that term to be a good place. Our keeping in close eye and hurricane Francis projected and minister Bahamas, and the south east year in the United States before the end of the week. So, Panic, now that's what weather for a junior miscomalcers in Channel 7, and she's doing a fine job. Keep it everybody on an even keel. I was going to say it's straight and even keel, but that would be. Let's say that, you know, yeah, a straight and sober. SAX, they can kind of a sober few of things. And it's about time. We're going to say forecast map wither without the cone. Bring the category for storm and the central Florida on Saturday night. Got that? Got it. I noticed Dave Schwartz was back on the weather channel. I said, he looked like he would short a breath. Like maybe he had a heart attack or something. He's good. He ever see Dave Schwartz on the weather channel. He used to be a big fan of his year. I don't know anybody on there. Well, he wouldn't. Now, yes, you do. The bald head guy that got it. Yeah, you know. Sorry. Any potential landfall means five days away, the storm still could be as far as south as the Florida straights or as far north as South Carolina. I'm I'm thinking Carolinas. All right. Yeah. And either clock this morning, the center hurricane Francis was about 200 miles east north east of San Juan Puerto Rico. And you'll be pleased to know, well, in that in your case, that the Puerto Rican's archived blown away. Francis had maximum sustained winds of 135 miles an hour was moving. And I see this is not correct. Far be it for me, the amateur meteorologist. I mean, I don't own anything. And yet it's amazing that you can sit there and you actually can plot it and watch. And you could tell where to hell it's going a little bit better than what they're telling you. It's not going to west. You're plotting against going slightly north of the west. Because it was 19.6 at one point last night, latitude. And now it's 20 point. So then pick a rocket sign. Just don't figure it take a Brian Northwest and his whole team of meteorologists over there at the weather at the hysteria set of a channel four. I mean, here he's sitting across the room from the newspeople. Okay. Let's go to the weather center and Brian meteorologist the weather center. Or maybe it's in the middle of the building. Whether control or whether it's some super ask cliche they got stored center. That's it. The channel four storm center. And there she is. The hurricane queen sitting right there in the middle of the storm center. He's the storm special. He's the blow specialist. Just like what's your name? And the big blow in 1926. Oh, and then the guy on the weather channel. The set of bald head of geek. He's on there talking about. Oh, this is the track in 1926, 1941. All the big hurricanes that hit right here. This is the track that it was. Uh oh, not that we want you to have said. The track of dead. Right. Ha ha ha ha. Oh, that's the track we ought to be concerned about. Not pumping. Oh, not called or not Gulfstream. We ought to be concerned about. And that was Greyhound tracks. We get that. Oh, yes. Great. Oh, no, that great hot racing. Some strengthening is forecast for the next 24 hours. The hurricane center said hurricane. Well, we know that. Hurricane watch was issued early today for these southeast and Bahamas and the Turks and Kcos islands. We of course are hoping we don't get any damage or any problem here. We do hope that the Bahamas get blown off the map. Then we can have because you know gambling here. Oh, yeah. That's all we need is Mickey Harrison to take his money moved to Israel and the Bahamas get blown off the map. And then we can be free and clear because even that's fat ass Bible thumb and governor won't be able to keep them out at that point. Right. Let's hope that's the play of anyway. What to blow the Bahamas away. Sounds like a winner to me. If anybody deserves it, you Greyhounders over to Bahamas. Or are they a sponsor? Or to the end of it, we don't have that off-flow shore gambling. They'd legal gambling. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Because they'd be running it. Oh, gee, you're talking that. You know, here. One thing I discovered being here. And this is only the second day of this week in quite a while. And the last time for a long time. Every day is another crisis at WQM. The audience thinks I am selfish. I exaggerate. I'm not funny, man. Every day is another crisis. Even if somebody farted the wrong flavor. Oh, my God. Did you just go smell what's keeping it in there? There's a matter of fact I did smell what's keeping it in there this morning. Believe me, it was the wrong flavor. I don't know what the white flavor is, but that wasn't it. What an idiot. What a knitwood. And I'm so delighted that Mad Mike got all psychotic yesterday with an uproar. I'm pleased that I could get a little bit of emotion out of him because he's otherwise so like, you know, he holds it in. He's a mysterious kind of character. He's a bald head of the Nigma. And he just kind of stands out there, but you know, he's ready to blow any second. Like he could be the next Ted Bundy, the next Jeffrey Dom or the next, Ted Bundy and Kvay once ever looked at his briefcase. No, God forbid. Chainsaw. He's probably going to bomb a grondy in there. So at any rate, he got a little, a little messed up in the mind. Yes, I'm glad I could do that for him because, you know, every now and then he had to let it out. Just, but good, well, the pride will be all. He even had me was quite to put out yesterday. I do not apologize for that. I think it's good for him. It was put out. Good for his mental health. Don't have a screw in. You're thinking of it. But I was quite a conversation ahead with her in here this morning. That's on my choice. She just kind of called me from where I was sitting. Well, especially after I told her I was planning on maybe re-up and for another two years, being here for more years, which I probably shouldn't say that on a year because the people in the audience are thinking, Oh my God. As he taken leave of his senses, I like the money. See, I like it. I like it. I really soft deal. Mm-hmm. And it's pretty soft. And I like having all that money coming in for doing crap like this, you know, because now, see, I finally weeks to point two things. I don't nothing. I mean, nothing faces me. These call it there is nothing. It's just we're just here to get the check. Right? Right. And number two, knowing that these people are never going to change. So the fact that matter is there oblivious. In fact, their ignorance is our benefit quite frankly. Even that thought was saying that yesterday. Well, he said, well, if you'll re-up for two more years, I'll do it too. And I said, oh, right. Yeah. So I kind of like spread that around the hallway this morning, so they go to Greg's. See, he might return my lawyer's phone calls. He's very good at that. Now returning phone calls, playing hide and seek, like I said before. He'd be good in Toronto, you know, we have a big seek community. Yeah. We could move Henry hide up there as his next door neighbor. That's something you guys do for fun hiding seek. Yeah, hiding seek. I wish we could. I mean, once it's smell good, they're narrow. Okay. Have a minute, any yet. 10 minutes after 11 at 5. 60 WQM, when you're moving a renovating, that's the best time the smart time to do the right spot. I'm doing the wrong spot. What? I'm doing dialing my first again. I just got through doing that. Well, see, the good thing about having this kind of like laid back format that we have now. When we have no idea when we're coming on, is like in like segue right from that into a laser recharge. Right? Yeah, who cares? Nobody cares. Nobody's paying any attention. In fact, I probably shouldn't have pointed out. I should have just picked up this copy, just segue right from there. Just sit there right along. Like I was saying the only moments ago, if you have a business who we're in charge of ordering, just thermal carbon paper and supplies, then pick up that phone right now and call 1-800-28792-12. That's the number four a laser recharge, the toner and recharge cartridge specialists. They provide service, support maintenance for most makes and models of machines to make them run just like ran to again. When you call 1-800-28792-12, you'll save money and all your printing and office equipment supplies for those of you who haven't called, what in the world are you waiting for? Because when you call 1-800-28792-12, you get an unbeatable deal. You'll be talking to Jess Bob, who's been supplying businesses in South Florida with what they need, in most cases within just 24 hours. And a laser recharge can save you up to 50% of new cartridges as compared to default pricing. Maybe they might give me one of those toner cartridges for my brother, RF-48, 4800. Very much, very sister. No, the one I have at the house now, it's just like the one I have at the house. Oh, I don't know, I got one for the house. They might not. Because my toner, huh? I bet you Jess Bob will have one over here by tomorrow morning. You'll see. It's that brother 4800. I just mentioned the model number on the air, the toner. What a kind of expensive George. And don't forget all the cartridge is sold by ALA's of recharge. Our re-manufactured, not re-filled. As long as I'm here, I might as well get a free-beer too. Sure. Any smuck and study a cheap re-filled cartridge, but don't forget you only get what you pay for. Unless of course you're getting it for free. We manufacture cartridges, they're the only smart way to go right down this number and call them as soon as you can. And save a lot of cash. 1-800-287-9212 ALA's of recharge. They're probably the individualized service. Our few a no-question access fashion guarantee. So whether it's toner, cartridges, all these things just pick up that phone and call just Bob at ALA's of recharge. And you'll be just PT. You'll be pretty happy with the deal. 1-800-287-9212, or log onto their website, ALA's of recharge.com. 1-800-287-9212. And you'll be just on the hands of the two of us all. And I do it. You may end. It's day five. You may end the child. Here at five six oh. WQA. I'm listening. I saw my laptop, see you in and the candidates for the lead big old gen. So move it on over. Baby, man, I'm over. It's moving on over. It's going for us to make over John, curious, she and a good. Of course, as chair we have to close the no-raise. And while I'm like me, do we have a long face? I'm moving on over. It's going to make it on over. Move on, we're going for us to make over John, curious, she and a good. Well, the first thing you'll try to let it go to say is to make that chin up. And new seat. Move it on over. It's day five, and a good turn. Move on, we're going for John, curious, she and a good turn. The first of the two, say you've been building to see the five 60 WQA. I'm pretty weak in effective campaign by the Democrats. So far, but they're just waiting, man. Oh yeah, for what? They're like the marlins. They're just coasting a little bit behind like the marlins are only for the wildcard. Right now, then the last one of the games are going to put on a big push. Go 18 and 2 and I said they're going to like, even maybe challenge the braids for first, but not no chance. Some idiot call the ass to call a mad dog. We just go for the wildcard. We have a chance to catch a Atlanta. Oh, god. You believe that? How stupid some of these sports nerds are, I'm sorry. I'm going to place something because we got a big day coming up tomorrow. Would you have mentioned yet? One last thing to Howard, too. Howard, don't let Barry Jackson in this stuff about your show's not entertaining. Get to your man. I hate seeing you making comments about it every day on your show. Let it go, man. It's okay. You don't have to go around calling Barry Jackson. All right. I know he's not listening because when he's off the air, he goes up the boat. He said he doesn't listen anymore. So it's okay. I'm listening. But anyway. Joe Rose returns to radio tomorrow. Unfortunately not on our station. But tomorrow's the day view. The ticket baby. Seven ninety. Yes. The ticket. How come you're promoting it? Just through the fun of it. Why not? Just the same thing. We talked about 103.1 to buzz. Where you hear Howard steering clear is about all the way to plantation. Pretty again this morning without all the dumps. And they actually rejoin it when they start to show again. As opposed to us, we're like we do in the middle of a. Stop telling people that. Why? No, it's more fun. I'm here on Q.I.M. Control. Who the fuck? Like that. You hear it. We're clear. You know on the buzz. And then you punch over to A.M. Oh, who the fuck? Who the fuck? I'm a. Yeah. And you realize that A.M. Where you do really sucks. But we're making an unfortunate. Oh, seriously. That's why this is such a tremendous accomplishment. We got 17 asked for this going to the genius book records on our accomplishment here. Because we're doing on our really marginal A.M. signal. Sounds like coming through a through a pile of a horse manure. Anyway, speaking of horse manure, that Q.I.M. website, man. Not too good. Here's a fact that had before the show. It's from a chronic fact here. I was on a Q.I.M. website just to see what crack it was about. Well, at least we didn't disappoint. And it says they still have last week's schedule with George on Monday, Tuesday and Friday's. Monday, Tuesday and Friday. Yeah. He's complaining this month. Right. Monday wins the in Friday, idiot. And although for all we know, maybe that's what it does say on it. How do we know? Okay, I click on our host and the, was shocked to see Mo and Gell the on there. On the list of hosts. Yeah. Well, we're both still on the payroll here. But then again, probably Sam is still on the payroll too. So, now, when you think, I'm sure he's still on the Adola in this place. Speaking of a guy with a bum hand. So that's the way it goes here at Q.I.M. The guy that called for the Toronto guy, he was right. We're not going to saw the problems of the world on this stupid issue. We're just here to give you a few chuckles. That's all. Maybe a big hurricane coming. Maybe not. You know, so let's have a good time till we all get blown away. That's right. Have a hurricane party. To go get party. Check out somebody's good faxes here. The latest 11. Oh, that's right. There was 11 and advisory. Thank you very much, chronic fax here for advising me. Now, let's see where the holy eyes. Because one thing about a hurricane. Keep your eye on the, It's right here. I got my thumb on it. And it's now. Location still 20.0 north 64.0 west, longitudinal. 135 mile an hour. It's category three. I love those people say it's a category. It's a cat four. You don't say that this morning Rick Shaw. I'm a good close person. But vote for Bush Rick. You're a good guy, but you're politically confused. You've been wearing a cap two type for too many years. I remember when his girlfriend called that time from the airport or something. And she was at the airport. He never was. And she said he's a great guy, but he's politically confused and good about for Bush. Let's just keep him playing right to his brother. All these on election day so we can't vote. He's a good guy. Rick Shaw. He's one of our few friends in the business. He's one of the few people still live in the business. Anyway, so this thing is moving west at 50 miles an hour, which it was like 13 and 14, not 15. But it's not that going anywhere real fast. Now they're tracking line. Oh, look at this. They got a new tracking path on here. Right on the end of their ice cream, Konea extended it. Oh, we're going to use tonight to five or clock Brian. Let's go. We're going to put it back in the ice cream line. Yeah. Right behind the end of his cone. We'll definitely interesting to why. You know some cones have that chocolate. Thank you, Mr. Malmy. Watchin' that. Now there's show. And guess where this 80M Sunday is. I don't want to tell you. Do all count. You up north begins with a J. Jacksonville. Oh, I did that yesterday. I'd say that. Then I was thinking Jacksonville just, oh, just in half of the election for the real not today for the real action. Of course you named every city of the. No, I do not. But why bother a lot of mugwamps up there. And although hopefully in the redneck neighborhoods, not in the dark neighborhoods, because there's a lot of dirt. He's up there in Jacksonville too. We want to make sure they vote four or five because they're not going to be allowed to vote anyway. That's right. Well, the ones that can sneak through. The ones we really like, like Malcolm. But eight o'clock in the morning on Sunday is what they're showing. And again, this is only a projection. And then you can take it all panicky. Now, like, Miss Camals says, just stay on an even keel. But stay calm. Cool. You're like the. What are these things? Because what else we're going to do? What's the point of getting all been out of shape and running out there and buying a whole bunch of crap? You know what I think a lot of these people do? Just like the Marlin Caps. They bought after the world series that they tried to take back and get upon. I'm saying, I bet today try to take back the warped plywood. Yeah, and the water. Oh, and the water. Forget about that after they like pee into the sun. Our second says you'll take it at a price. For two days, your show has been hiccuping like an eight track with a bad splice. That's on the year. Is tough using an old echoplex. I said, I've heard that on the stern show this morning. I heard some of that in here. I thought I heard that. This show has been doing that too. Me. So good. I'm here. Hollywood. PS, the hustler shop is luckily right by my kid's school. But why didn't Larry Flint drop the Bush abortion bomb in his book? Oh, yeah, he hasn't. He didn't do that. Todd, very sorry about that. I guess they must have got to that broad. They made it good. And all for she couldn't refuse. Or maybe they just made her like magic disappears. You know, you know how that goes. Where's that voice on the other day? I don't know. Sorry. 0 360 blows. I don't. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. We've ever not been having a hiccuping on here. So I'm going to be really pumped off about that. I did hear some of that. I thought this morning when I was sitting here. Which is on pre delay. So how about that possible? I don't know. This satellite. We got problems. Maybe we got some serious technical problems. We got some scheduling problems. We've got the audience on pins and needles waiting to find out who the hell is going to be on first. And what the hell is going on with them even dust and hopman can't figure it out. And then we also got this damn hurricane to worry about too much stress and pressure here. Always some psychotic hysterical. I'm too old for this now. That's just driving to work. Right. I'm just too old. That's right this morning. 55 freaking minutes. And it wasn't like we'll have a traffic. No. That's not to be it. It's not the amount of traffic. It's the nature of the morons who are in those vehicles. Baby, that's the problem here. You can't complain about the driving in this town because there is very little. There's almost none. You call that driving? They're driving me nuts. I'll tell you that. That bitch at the turn pack. She's waving the dollar bill like magic. Like somehow they're going to be like four quarters. Oh, I see. Like Crescan is going to drop four quarters out of the sky and take the dollar bill. And she'll open up the Pama Rander before quarters in there. And she's going to toss three and then basket. Crazy bitch. She where it says that that blue sign there and very big letters. Exact change. You stupid it and she had a Florida tag on there. It's not like she was supposed to speak. We'll do our somewhere like that. No, she was an Anglo. A lot of make very, very clear. She was as white as the fallen snow dressed me. She was an Anglo. She was a new tractor. She was a freaking trailer park. So I don't record. As what she was. She was a regent from the jury. Springer show is what this bitch was. And then she makes the left turn early. Weeps that poor guy out. He's still a hunk and on it. He's still a. I'm talking to. She nearly. I like to. And I know she's going to do something like that because she cannot drive. What's the qualification to drive in South Florida? Be jealous. I guarantee you that Terry Shive okay. Get a license right now. Yeah. And Susan Smith. Yeah. No Terry Shive. Sure. Oh Susan Smith. No. She just. She's a little hot water right now. Bitch. I'm. In fact, you know something maybe whatever jail she's in up there in South Carolina. Maybe this hurricane. Maybe a Francis. He's got its eye on Susan Smith. I'll tell you one thing. David, her ex, has been he was pretty cute. So you said he was. But as soon as he started talking, oh brother. Who? Talk about a dual in dual in Yahoo. But he could have kept his mouth shut. W to Q a M hello. Hello. Yes. Did you see on the news last night in Palm Beach. Like a community. What kind of community where the people had. Carry stickers on their car. Three or four cars got them. They keep them with the word bush on it. Nice. That's a good. We're holy righteous born again. Better than we are Republicans. Right. Right. You should have seen you already was over. She said. She said that not about she goes. I run by right to both. But it's just like it says. I'm going to just like not. There you go. There was classic. You know, she's been to came out of me better. Well. Good luck to us all. Thanks. Thanks. That's a Palm Beach. Thanks. Five, six, seven, five, sixty pound, five, sixty on the 18th. And Verizon wireless line, which it is is or was the most interest to you. We're getting any votes on this polar what? Three hundred eleven. That's in about an hour. It's not too bad. No. We'll take it. I bet it. Not great. Not as good as like Schmier the queer and Fuzball. Oh, but then right in the secret Greg Reed. See. I'm sure the audience just had hearing it too. But it just wears me out to think about a man who does so many things wrong, so unprofessionally, so unacceptably, so grow Tess. And every time no matter how much common or you roll him around in, he comes top and out like from the top of the birthday cake. Smellin just like Warren Chromori, like Casimir Boquet. Hurricane Francis, they're concerned about endangling a lot of because we not all be dead by the weekend. 116. Not that I want you to panic, but a lot of us might be. Well, I won't be here. When his hand coming back is in second place with the 671, that's a damn good question's better fact. We want the answer. The Howard Stern Show 29. Today's election the primary 23. Peter Deutsch self-regette for the US Senate. Not Alex Pina Spakania under any circumstances. You will burn in hell if you vote for Mayor Pina Spakania. And evil do or a liar, a BS artist that Mickey Harrison arena and bad here. And he's got that perky down his shoulder. He's got a little one. The Olympics 21. That's why the Colomir Pina Spakania. How bad will the dolphins do this year? 20. The Democratic Convention 18. The Republican Convention 15. And the MTV Awards with all the hoopla in the media. Not in this crowd only for. Your scenes in me will run your scenes. The rest of the world is five sixty-two. A-A. The first meeting went between Britain's spirit's dad and her new vision. She said Kevin's better one. But dog ain't doing how's hanging. That's a hanging. Yeah, that's over demand. Then he'll be a business house hanging. First of all, I just want to tell you. First of all, why don't you shut your mouth in a little snat nose, Brad? What did you talk about Mr. Spears? It was nice you could get that day off and work. Dad, lunch with me. Well, I just want to tell you how lucky it was. Nice you could get the day off from work to have lunch with me. I don't work. Oh, there it is. I don't work. What kind of provider are you going to be? I'm going to provide love. I really, really, really love your daughter. That's important to me because if you don't love my daughter, I'm going to catch her head off with a chainsaw. No, no, I love your daughter, especially her butt. I mean, she ain't her butt. Hey, you just try. Hey, sicko. Yeah, don't talk to her father about his daughter. But what's an attitude with you? I'm sorry, man. You know, I don't like you. No, I'm truly nervous. Just give me another chance. So how's that? I'm going for a job. What do I need to work for, man? Your daughter is rich. Hey, hey, that's not what I want to hear from you. Take some initiative. Go out and get a job here, man. Look, I love your daughter. I know, but love don't pay to bill, schmuckee. I love her belly. I mean, I could just say her back. Hey, what? Again, with the references. Well, well, it's wrong. I thought that doesn't want to hear that. You want to lick his daughter's belly. But she's offended, but it's so cute. Hey, hey, stop that crap. What are your long-range goals here? How are you going to provide for my daughter once a career is over? I'm going to love her forever. I told you, loving enough schmuckee. I love your daughter. Especially her body. I mean, have you seen her naked? I mean, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. Well, man, that's my daughter. But I may she's just beautiful. Am I seen her naked? Hey, daddy. You know she goes to Brazilian body wax. Hey, are you sick? Daddy, come on, man. Hey, don't call me daddy. You little puke. Pop, please. Don't call me pop. Don't call me anything, but miss this beer. Pop, a-hey. Hey, with the references to me. I don't even know you're supposed to have my matcha. Just smell a little bit like Dorito too. Are we going to eat lunch or something? No, I don't think so. I think I've had enough of this. Come on, Grie. I don't have any money. Of course, you don't have any money. Hey. Which reminds me of people smell like baloney sandwiches? awful. 26 still known. And if I, here's the hurricane advisory. I said probably out of weed. This is we want to share. Yeah, yeah, yeah. We have a cork. We have a group ball station. We have a one. Channel 10 representative that we can. Yeah, but what's it done? No. Anyway, I've flip over to, because I watched the, uh, mission or cross, uh, last, whatever. And then I watched, uh, weather for a junior bill come out. We're doing a five job there. Bill sober up. And then I went over to see what channel 10 was doing on the 11 o'clock news. To check out good old Don. Because he's generally pretty calm and cool and very accurate. I like done. No, he's pretty good. Uh, they had that stupid exhibition by the net football game. Oh, oh. And I'm thinking to myself, well, everybody who's got a brain and IQ larger than their thumbnail except for the QM sports audience. Everybody else is like glued to find out what's going on with a hurricane. So they can find out how much visqueen and the masking tape plywood and water is up up. Uh, they've got a stupid football game on there. Pretty weak. Anyway, the core of powerful hurricane Francis extends to pass well, expected to pass well at North of Puerto Rico heading for the south eastern Bahamas with 135 mile an hour winds. Hey, all you people in the Bahamas, one thing in closing to say all you folks. Right, right, right, right. And 11 o'clock this morning, the government of the Bahamas is as if you day hurricane warning for the southeast and Bahamas, which includes acklands, crooked, canapy, right? Yes, can be. In Aguas, May Aguas, and the right, May Aguana, and the record out of water. And for the Turks and Kiko silence at a hurricane watch for the central Bahamas, which includes cat, exhumus, Long Island, Rungkay, and San Salvador. A hurricane warning means what we know what it means. A tropical storm means an effect for Puerto Rico, Kulibra, V.A. case, and the, oh, V.A. case, they've got to start speaking to red language there. And the rest is not the, uh, Bobby Rage. Yes. And the US Virgin Islands is the same Thomas, Saint John, and the surrounding islands, and for the British Virgin Islands. Oh, wouldn't it be something that those British Virgin got it? Ever got what? Prince Charles. And a lot of the clock this morning, the government of the Dominican Republic of Dominican, and as if they'd travel a storm warning for the north coast of the Dominican Republic from Panta Gorda, or is that? Punta Gorda. Yes, she is. Westward to Manzanid, Masadid Obey. I noticed that they don't pronounce those things with the, uh, troll with the two wells they do it with. Masadid Obey. And is this continued to the tropical storm marks off of Panta Gorda? Or is that? At 11 o'clock this morning, the tropical storm marks has been discontinued for St. Martin. That says in Jacques Martin, St. Barthilme and San Juan. At 11 o'clock this morning, I don't want to hear about all these discontinued things. Francis continues moving toward the west at 15 miles an hour, and this motion is suspected to continue day with a gradual turn to the west, okay, west, north, west, right toward us. On this track, the core of the hurricane will be passing well over the west and British Virgin Islands and Puerto Rico later today. However, the outer rain bands of Francis will affect those islands today. Hurricane force winds extend outward up to 70 miles. And one thing that really kills me is last night, they're talking about what a giant massive stormer was when they just got through a sand on the weather channel about it's a small storm in terms of size, well it's a massive small storm. Powerful potentially very dangerous and deadly, but not huge, okay, okay, is it huge? And they give me a solid advance for one minute it's small and compact. The next minute it's huge and gigantic because they're all a bunch of grey robbers is what they are, and they're watching a stay tuned, you know? 560560 pound 560, I haven't even gotten any of the good stuff here. It's almost new now, right, dammit. Well guess what they were wearing, they were wearing anti-cure band aids at the Republican convention? Or do you think it's a big deal? To mock his military service, oh I see. Because like Bob Dull said he didn't see any blood, he didn't see him in a hospital, you know? I see. Just like Max Kailin, didn't see any blood? Right, or arms. To document the heights or depths of liberal media bystering the week of the Republican convention in the or city of the media research staff is preparing twice daily. So, media liberal bias, what is this crap? Who would have said this? CNN was upset to learn some delegates were wearing band aids and blazing with little purple hearts. Reporter Candy Crowley, confided to one woman, this is a man John Kerry, who went and served this country. You feel as though you're making fun of him? I mean, does that seem like an unrealistic question to you? And part of the liberal media bias? What kind of crap is this? What kind of fascists semi-discrap? We're in a little bandage because it's so cute, looking really good. Oh, that's a damn fact, we get those off the turn. Oh, and I noticed the ones from that crazy rabbi stop coming. No, they didn't? No, oh. Castle Hoist rabbi. Gary and Weston says the judges are just, ah, Gary, stop already. Wait, you're pleased. Oh, God. The judges have as before I do yesterday are hope, team in Bristol. Cheryl Aelman, both appointed by Governor Bush, well, vote against them. And they just have to oversee some of the lowest ratings of all of the judges in Broward County. I think it's very interesting. They both end endorsed by the Sun Sentinel. He says, next thing you know, they'll be endorsing deputy for president. Well, it's owned by the Chicago Tribune, a well-known right-wing organization. So why should he be surprised? Gary, good luck to you. Okay, have your heart and the right place, but your mind is gone. Speaking of your mind is gone, Bush suggests that the war on terror cannot be won. Oh, my God. Now, how come they're not making a big, uh, think about this, the Democrats are. But why is the media making a big shout-out? As you can see, we have ways. I see. President Bush, again, did they, they're democratic in front of all criticism yesterday by suggesting the war on terrorism could not be won. Forcing his AIDS to scramble to the Fed is remarks just as he is, as he had hoped, to bask in convention accolades. Bush sought to emphasize the economy who hamsters appears to be on a rebound, but his comments on terrorism dominated national attention. And then, if you want to be today, show one NBC yesterday, Bush filed the state of course in the war on terror, saying perseverance in the battle would make the world safer for future generations, but he suggested that all out victory against terrorism might not be possible. As can we win? Bush said, I don't think you can win it, but I think you can create conditions so that those who use terror as a tool are less acceptable in parts of the world. Us acceptable, like you can't get a good seat at the restaurant anymore. Democrats looking for ways to deflect this spotlight from Republicans as they open their convention in their accounts after months of listening to the Republicans base their campaign on their singular ability to win the war on terror. The president now says, we can't win the war on terrorism, so I've got to hold John the Edwards. This is no time to declare it a feat he'd be saying. It's pretty sad. Almost a thousand dead American troops over there, 6000 plus injured, which we don't hear about those. No. And thousands and thousands of those liberator rackies guess what? They're dead too. You want us to send you these old real brothers? No. No. No. No. No. Did you hear that? That's dirty, the whole pan. What a shot. I know you're at that fun equipment that I show. I say get rid of a little boy as it goes back to a nice safe tube. Besides, you've got to lose to the dolphin. No. Who is it? I'm the fool. Why? We're going to do so well now. Yeah, I might even decide to pay vodka. Yeah. Everybody see my dance. Pablo, go my dance. Well, what did you do that for? He didn't like what I called him. What was that? Three goals. Oh. I didn't splatter on your shoe on him. I didn't see my dance. I didn't see my shoe on him. I didn't see my shoe on him. I didn't see my shoe on him. I didn't see my shoe on him. Oh. Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? I don't know. Wait a minute. I think the string show was off now. We did. I don't know. It's your job today. I think it's a pregnant pause. It's a really robin ass something now guys. Let's just relax. Why don't you 13 a little guess what's coming up the 10 minutes before the hour on the weather channel I don't know local the tropical yeah So don't forget in three minutes to pump that on plus my magic twinger Already a box office sensation Michigan filmmaker Michael Moore has gotten another loud reception at the Republican convention This time was booze as expected when Senator John McCain told the delegates last night about a This ingenuous filmmaker would have us have us believe that Sodom's Iraq was in a waste of peace Did he ever say that now? No, he showed people drinking coffee and children playing remember they knew he was referring to the maker of Fahrenheit 911 The film which savages Mr. Bush's Iraq policy and quite accurately by the way And set a box office record document with grossing 115 million dollars so far McCain's comments prompted prolonged booing and chance of four more years Many of the delegates faced Moore who was seated in the pressies in Madison Square Garden because he's writing column this week for USA today More seem to relish the attention stress against arms over said laughing and saying two more months About the Kings remarks Moore said I can't believe they're dumb enough to bring up the film and help it's box orifice on the Even the convention more along with Jesse Jackson and after Danny Glover let a protest march to the streets in New York City loudly and exuberantly chanting slowening such as no more years The accused of Bush White House of prosecuting and unjust war in Iraq making the country poor and Underbinding abortion rights and of course he is As usual and fast Oh, it's speaking of a right-wing lunatics man Speaking of board again Christian hypocrites DCF cheap resigns amid scandal Oh my god, you like that Jerry were here the good board again Christian man The permanent children and families chief Jerry Reguer who's agency has been racked by scandal over chroniism and influence peddling This again is a born again Christian wholelier than now better than us a Broccoli resign yesterday becoming the latest secretary to be deviled by Florida's Intractable child welfare system. How is radio dealing by the way? Who though he is vowed as recently as last month to stay and lead this agency Reguer said a news conference that directing a department under significant and sustained attack had taken its toll Reguer 59 who was wearing a peanuts tie Said it was really his successor a far better program than the one he inherited he took the job at August 2002 after one of Florida's worst welfare scandals that is a parents of my me foster child radio Wilson The five and it goes on and on sitting a heralded in the front page just before you wrap your fish Now there's sudden resignation by another incompetent phony baloney Jerry Reguer you stalked Jerry Which of these is or was of most interest to you that's our pool question that we got for him in 17 votes not bad Hurricane Francis 162. Oh, that's the advisor come up in minute Don't forget oh When is Hank coming back 91 the Humper I'm taking the Thursday I'm shooting for Thursday okay all dependent on the weather or not what not appropriate Police showed a security video when they've a bus they said was used by the Dave Matthews band and was the source of human waste dumped August A thine Chicago architecture foundation tourboat as it passed the late the Kinsey Street Bridge Well, if they weren't before they passed by there when they got to they sure were full of crap You are listening to new Roger it's loosely Oh my favorite Republican this is mad rod at his time for the Big-up loading it's time once again for the Neil Rogers 12-1 hour Oh You're out building And that I'm not a shit fool to sell the house And I'm gonna kill you, or I'm gonna kill you I'm gonna kill you, and I'm gonna kill you I'm gonna kill you, and I'm gonna kill you I'm gonna kill you, and I'm gonna kill you I'm gonna kill you, and I'm gonna kill you I'm gonna kill you, and I'm gonna kill you I'll take it one thing, a square answer this morning While she misses Goli the most because it was really rock solid Probably two, and she said the same thing about Broor, and the other one too, but it's not worth it 560, 560, pound, draw, 560, on the AT&T and Verizon And Verizon Wireless Line Let's get a whole bunch of calls on between now and two Because this thing seems to be just smoking right along here to be There is for some reason that I don't mind for this Well, I started a lot of calls, and it was for me Well, that's right, you were in the crapper Oh, yeah, that's what I was thinking You were in the crapper, and I think we had the monitor That knocked it on the door, and all of a sudden And all of a sudden, and stuff was like, all whipped up, and then he's like Suck it up, and he's waiting for me Wait, he's begging Because I already told him if they end like these tapes that are recorded in the tent Or something, I'm not doing extra court, or course I will But I just told him that to make him nervous Nothing needs any extra help these days We got lots of good fill of music, and we had a lot of good pills Yeah, we got a lot of good pills Now let's do a few hours out, man, man, man, man, man, man Sure, why don't you, man Oh, it's controversial though, man, man, man, man Hey, hey, kid stuff, good bye Things like that Steam Yeah, he's kind of steamed about that whole deal It was more than they couldn't have fired out the lawn to what It was about 5-10 after the hour Yeah, which is a good start We had a lesson, but what we want to hear about this What we got to do is starting again We got no longer day hay two, no other grud can't stand you WQAM, hello Throw on H WQAM, hello Hey, hey, how are you doing? Pretty good Yeah, I want to ask the question about a guest Yeah, well, what should take on Chinese content? Won't throw at や dur? Sir brack are you searching for it, man Let me think everybody are looking for it He is mine, remember? You will entirely trust YOU I'm going to want to Break your legs, go ahead Well, remember formalments being urged For those people who have been coming to WQAM It's a very mean noise like thinking you're lying about and who these people are and who's gonna read the ballot to them it's just we're gonna make the big difference in the primary today here in the near rod your show I'm Tanya and if we get Peter Dweuch in there then they uh we can obviously in Dweuch line Uber allus if it's right in with a bush thing somebody facts that before I say well I am not that clever W2AM hello yeah I like to talk to Neil speaking this is Neil sounds like me yeah I wanted to give a shout of my board too yeah good okay give a shout out shout on this okay open a window and shout out on his mad as I'm his dark as hell give a shout out you know something is there are so many stupid people in this country are really as terrifying yeah it is just an addition to which what is it with a lot of other people that want to emulate the stupid people in other words you're a dumb you're a little bit you're a moron you're a slacker you're a subhuman piece of garbage I want to be just like you well because on top of that you also like imagination so you have to copy somebody I see come to QAM hello yes sir I'm gonna be speaking I know it okay listen regarding the election all that I think we're a big trouble I was talking to one of my uh one of my boys teacher two of the teacher last year he's a kindergarten teacher uh black and all that and we got into the political things they go I'm gonna wolf for Bush and I was like why well some black person has to yeah she's like well you know I'm very conservative and I really don't like so what is that so what is that proof one black person one black woman a woman is gonna vote for boys I bet you they're three or four others I know but if cool teacher I was like oh yeah this guy's cut so many programs you've been in it's just blew my mind up forget it I mean you expect that from a Yahoo but from a lady who has the master's in blew my mind before more on who can even speak how do you know the masters well she's now she was played at the house he was in a gusty she's the one who we're all upset about have no fear pali will I won't get the votes in I think we're now we're bushing in all the uh all the liberals man just watch put it on eight for one if it's a bull Griffin again yeah yeah this is the story of family oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my god why did you do that to me what have I ever done to finish the evil thing I'm sure the same there are communities I bet you two egg Florida's biggest regretler if you're losing all the weight lately she I'm not losing that much weight in fact if I stayed here for three weeks I gained back there were a lot of times that I lost that could be you if I stayed here yeah yeah not quite a man and a good son there's a body shot body shot I'm back on the road I'm on a weather channel I'm gonna get the important stuff about Francis on here okay what if you could get to four months off as I grab it right now WQA I'm hello yes sir okay great WQA I'm hello speaking how are you sir good I need to tell you it's an absolute pleasure you're welcome back Georgia great job and any time you need a filler the men around that elicit you take it for the way he comes on on that is not exactly great completely descriptive and wonderful about his mom yeah I was a pleasure having you back on okay don't worry about my mom she's still dead too okay thank you five six seven oh five sixty well he probably hates his mom too okay what he's trying to say and he is a lot of you guys he's doing to say like like group therapy for those of all these people that I'm sure we're very angry with the fact that didn't come to my mother's funeral I don't do funeral mine yes and anybody else and I'll be cremated there will be no service no ceremony no but you I told you the thing would I actually had to do the shovel a dirt on the yeah I've done that at you had my friend we had to all that is so grotesque you know it's not enough that you know somebody died that maybe somebody might care about but the idea that you've got to take a shovel full and dump it your people I'll tell you one thing if anybody needs a shovel this is a place to come if you run out we got it all here man we got shovels full I'd never run out just talk to Greg he'll give you some I probably go to my mom's here do you hopefully soon I'll be sure it'll pick that yeah I hear your wife is going to they're gonna have a two-for WQAM hello hey they all I got a greedy southwardian fire report yes the Margate Walmart a big BCC maintenance pickup truck gathering up two powers of water thank you I'll be there thanks for the bad news I'd be like that two pallets maybe they're gonna draw some hi a pallet oh god all you greedy bastards out there leave a lot of water for the rest of these people okay I'm gonna stay for us course I won't be here what no I won't I don't I'll know by tomorrow tomorrow's Wednesday last time I checked and September number one and I could be gone by September number two we're just putting out a lot of rain barrels because I mean what would be the point I got people to hang around and watch the house and make sure everything is okay and better than the need and the other setters up oh yeah oh fat boys in it is for you got chargers no he volunteer to come just in Stanford the window I don't know what I'm sure I got fat boy nothing could penetrate through that tumble hard God nice haircut though I noticed the yellow wants to be just like fat boy everybody around here are two M's getting that same more Howard David and Faggy haircut now haven't seen mold and now they got to do oh you got to you got a lingerer any day now might be the last before mold goes into dolphin that's a looping and never being it and of course doing the dolphin games this season that's about as close to retirement as you can get anyway because they're not gonna play too much football I mean J. Feele or an AJ Feele touchy Feele that's what are these people thinking about and Dave wants that it's the one stead area oh I sure hope Wayne is enough set with us because we used to well he always hated me yeah well you're bad bad man that's true we don't like you too much Wayne your pop mark your a bully your a sour push and stuff like that and so if you take that off in somewhere else we don't care because they're on a summer anyway right and that what great said so a lot of big bananas that usually when Lauren Green was still doing the mouth post box and it was a big deal but it's not a big banana that used to be that's what little Joe said and hot yeah and who's the other one big uh pernell Roberts pernell Roberts he didn't have a nickname or just pernell no he had a name well regular name somebody will know that'll come to me it's eleven past noon at five sixty w q a and we got the mad dog Jim managed it to work he two days in a row oh man it's the under stress or what and then we got more Howard David at two o'clock this afternoon in the at four rather at the studio filling for the vacationing and gambling in the suspended hay goldburg who is back maybe on Thursday whether for a meeting in a Marlins on deck six thirty five Marlins at the met seven ten as they go for another win and maybe uh... the couple of token gag although they're playing a Montreal you know how many people worth that game in Montreal i said i watch them at the couple game in Montreal that is what what is that all about what's the purpose of that man so many frogs in sold little time and then we got any k after baseball game whose steady is a rock solid any k when you're moving a renovating here some people at a rock solid dollar mattress just make that one easy call one eight hundred mattress and make that first i do your dream home heavily with a brand new top quality brand name at for some dollar mattress and you still get to pick that tour window for delivery when it fits your moving schedule and dollar mattress on time ninety nine point seven percent of the time nobody's got a better selection of queen and king size mattress that's ready for me to deliver the dollar mattress and nobody can be their prices either in fact when you call one eight hundred mattress right now you get a great deal at a discount price dollar mattress is ranked number one a customer side of the section they were winners of the two thousand four better business bureau local torts of excellence award when you call one eight hundred mattress you'll choose the complete line of the top names in the universe they got them all whatever you like see me surda king coil Simmons temper ptc and even students of an and it's foster why sure did love that chocolate banana waffle once every six months i can do some my guess a little kill you oh man that was just disgusting all the smart folks are making that call you on the same i think for a card rate and i'm correct for a good one eight hundred mattress if you're moving sending a call is too long for just one of your into your self-a great night sleep for years to come and get the best you lot of mattress under the sun you don't have to slip around in this heat and humidity all you have to do is sit there on your fat ass and make that one easy call get a great new bed from dollar mattress check them out of the web if you're like a mattress dot com or pick up that phone call right now one eight hundred mattress one eight hundred m a t t r e s now was charred tomorrow r e yeah we heard about the tonnlaughter kick to bat an Oracle I do the rest of the lamb. I do the rest of the lamb. I do the rest of the lamb. I do the rest of the lamb. I do the rest of the lamb. I do the rest of the lamb. I know from God, a full and rotten. I do the rest of the lamb. I do the rest of the lamb. I do the rest of the lamb. I do the rest of the lamb. I do the rest of the lamb. I do the rest of the lamb. I do the rest of the lamb. I do the rest of the lamb. Take a step back to the wax. He is mad, he's all the world, he's a genius. I'm not a rock, it's where the story is going. He's with a rush struggling in the past, and it's control. So naked, bitch, and hold him. He's with a rush struggling in the past. He's with a rush struggling in the past. He's with a rush struggling in the past. He's with a rush struggling in the past. Oh, from 18 at 560 WQM happy Tuesday too. Here's a fact that says NFL is on serious, not XM radio. Get serious, sorry. It's a good fact. It continues. He's just correcting me. I want to be a nuttoeer. Because nobody has a little bit of an erect. On Sunday, Miss Drugs said, old Neo Rogers is out of touch. After looking at mad, it says, I wouldn't be in touch with that ugly fuzzy head of queen that Nafi Fabriclox Shatter would scrape my inner thighs. I guess if you let it in Rameshann's. What do you want to touch about? I don't know. I don't touch about fuzzy head of the old queen's. Ah. Who hang out with N-Culture at her pastramia? Size. Anyway, here's a fact from Ednforlaterdale who says, isn't Goldie doing Joe Rose's old show on Saturdays. The breakfast buffet show. Well, who cares? We need that squeaky voice. Pips squeak in here to do a weekend show. We're hitting hundreds of big grand a year. Whatever, how do we pay him? He was stealing all this place as squeak is way along. Somebody said that to me. Oh, well, we need to do a somebody for that Saturday show for 150 or 200 grand or 300 grand a year. Whatever, how he was stealing here. Mr. Pips squeak. Mr. Lickett. And even he got tired of looking at Nafi. Well, maybe that's why I'm molesting a muskhead home. But it was too late. Everybody had the big fall on out. And that's something how mulling. He just mowed him right down, didn't he? No, no, he went through those holes. He had to run everybody. They tried teaming up even things there in Adam and Obdus with him. They were a lif. Even Luis Miguel's muskhead. It was a lot of there. They tried to made it with the other one. Jesus, Scott Almighty. They just hate you like poison. But don't worry about it. Don't take it personal. And just now when you were starting to like him a lot. Well, I know. It always happens a little bit. Which of these is or was of most interest to you was our pull question 510 votes? It's not bad not you know spectacular not earthshaking what what am I missing? New story about Shen and Melendee Who's that? Some take to got murdered. I think they arrested the guy or something. You know what what happened Shannon Melendee Is this on CNN and title site very much for that? Oh, there's well blitz great. Oh, god, no, isn't it what is that six on our fine cable system here? How do you know since they changed it? It's five on our cable. Oh, it is What's it make it over with already all just pointing it out to Miguel because he was all he was pointed out to me Oh, well, it's a kind of an impression probably had the kid in Cuba I'll carry promises. Oh, yeah Oh, okay anyway Hurricane Francis they're worried about 233 there is the most interest and it ought to be I think this audience finally has their party straight now You know What is hand coming back 115 that's a very strong second the hump or help me back Thursday Whether it's committing this one I'm here. I think I'll be back that was if he wasn't coming back They would be doing those promos saying how or the kneeling mad dog was or decoy promos decoy for what decoy to stick defo and decoy's for defo decoy's They bring back that twerp man. I'm taking a walk. I'm getting out of planning to get right out of here What now what did you say yesterday about the fact that they were just about ready to do that deal And then he heard me but I didn't say anything. I had you didn't I don't make it all set it. Yeah, it was Miguel Yeah, Miguel was just for that ugly rumor about how they were just about how to deal done with how much a done deal I would be delighted to find out that that was true because even as much as I don't you're trying to open up a mouth again Really everything for you Why would they want to bring back spilled milk? Why would they want to bring back that loser to this place huh? With his 85 million different jobs and his 42,000 pay tax yeah, and his point three shares He's on a station that you can hear You can hear this station does he have any number in date and Broward and there he's easy He's a non-factor. I hate to break the news to you. Okay. He is a non-factor. Are you telling me? I wasn't gonna bring it back. I had you weren't you suck up to anybody if they give you a good cigar Or bad how bad will the dolphins do this years moving up fast 43? It's gonna be bad take it from me. Okay take it from the football experts a bit of a time frame that you can kind of start thinking and Prepare the words you ice cream cone honey on the southeast coast you really need to start those preparations right away Because this weekend Labor Day weekend is going to be possibly very very dangerous All right, let's do it on today. It's gonna possibly be very day or not or maybe a little bit dangerous Medium dangerous. Okay, how bad will it all fit to this year's got 43 votes the Howard Stern show their concern about Scott 40 and of course They're everything to be concerned the way we're bootchering it up pretty good today's election 33 We got a lesson going on right now. I'll set it up clock tonight Peter Deutsch. That's the one name keep in mind Okay, but vote for him a whole bunch of times good man He ain't nobody cash a royal and he ain't no Alice penis pecania Would have a little copper to unishover Today's election 33 the Olympic 32 They never credit convention 31 Republican convention 19 and the MTV Awards only six They made such a big tennis about that. Oh, this is the most important thing that ever happened We are when you want to come back next year and everybody see right most of us I'm talking about no most of us people Yeah, don't care about celebrities now there are a lot of people who do care about celebrities But you know what we also don't care about the people who do care But don't you care who's y'all would have been bigger now or puppies no. I'm even care whose penis would have been bigger Josh Heart net or Nick Lashay or and I'm even me I'm so tired of Nick and Jessica your girlfriend Jessica my girlfriend Nick if I never saw them again It would be much too soon right unless I mean he's a singer even though you deny that he really can sing He's got a good word for it, but that whole boy band thing went out with the wind as soon as they threw a pop big pop I heard a group of that she can sing too although I we would never know what he would have been so but like yeah And not a really care. Of course. He's not this year done me the rest of the hack Yeah, it'll care about that either right. No, she I'm sure she put out on her wedding night. We'll go. Yeah and Before that before that but then again Put out and please put it again Christian I beg your pardon. He put in a Good word for the maidsard Oh man watches your edges. No movie greatest escape from Purgatory you I'm telling him and the bees these will be over here personal and take care of your ass Yeah, watch it because Greg says enough with your crap already He what is that story? What is it about him? He doesn't like you he does he does he does I can I I didn't tell you because I want to hurt your feelings But he's still a sour on you. Why that's the month did you lie the trend? I got the numbers right here the trend came in no matter and it was mostly you yeah, no matter and we had a fine month Don't get that number right if there were still number one He works for peanuts. He works sheep is hell don't make it's a lot of abuse and Greg still on the appreciate We've already come in there gives it a phone. You know, you know the high five the low five the He's fist in and we're sitting and by the way Troy don't come any more giving that that's far too Fist thing will you please You want him to save it. Yeah, save it for your friend. Oh and screw in Okay, to just conjure up the image of that. Oh she was in here this morning and how long time that's for way I don't think we can play that anymore can we? Hmm What I don't think so I don't know I don't know something else smell right yeah That could be anything maybe she had a bad exam. I tell it's time with you something I don't care how much money you made screw in or how many houses you sold or how you make it a lot of money in real estate or any of that other crap quite frankly You win here much too long, but you know I'll see you again in six seven months One of these days not too soon, but I put a little bug in her ear I said hey listen I'm looking to do a stand-by contract two more years and while I'm while I've taken leave of my senses And I've lost my mind and mad dog came in yesterday say hey if you'll do it I'll go for it too now that's enough for the thing they better seal it up right now like by tomorrow You know what I mean? What wouldn't you yeah? At least there's four hours from about eleven a.m. and maybe even little before that if how we decide to think as marbles and go home some days until three and a half noon solid rock solid Right yeah, see you lad deal sign it up right now. What up just my suggestion okay Scran so you and muffin all the others and currents get in there into hop on Greg and her case probably would be the first time From what we hear 26 past noon at five 60 and in currents and thus case probably wouldn't be either if you're on the Atkins the South beats the sugarbusters or any other low-carb sugar free diet head forward needle lights of voice booker for years Delights is how thousands and thousands of low carb divers achieve their weight loss goals and now Delights of voice booker celebrating their 14th anniversary with special discounts above the 50% off on low-carb products like Carbolite pure delight carb sense and lots more and is the anniversary super special you can save half off all the reckons brand food and supplements to Don't forget the great selection at the lights of low-carb bakery items like cheesecake's brownies Rolls breads all of these things and as always you can try anything in the store before you lay out cash and buy it to make sure you like it They got a staff and knows low carb doubting inside and I'm there open every day until I still tend to p.m. And don't forget their guaranteed lowest price policy on all Atkins carbolite and two-delight products do the lights of voice booker will positively not be under so you're fine Delights on the northeast corner of glazed rodent 441 right next door to Boston market or column tool free at 1 877 low carb That's with a W1 877 low carb on the web your final middle carb dot com you like to waste both it's your official atkins retail Send your listen to real Roger Hey, you're here's open now. I'll be hot. I'm trying to kill an S. Fanyol with me. Oh, because there may be something here We might have to dump One-wheel-action Said I like no cool one-wheel-action Dirt Top of both countable thinning countable countable countable countable countable at 20 out of 10 Countable countable countable always stream an age you want to stream above 7 these and This is this presidential race we did Live off the wonder who was going to win Some probably people went to do their voting show So count up all the ballots and find out who's got the more Those old for senior have one thing in common Looks like I've got them just keep their votes to exaggerate milk and So I'd like to know who won the election Yes, I'd like to know who won the election Countable countable daily countable countable countable countable countable countable daily countable All countable Not certain Final Then I saw a new slash on childhood Some may repeat for all the get-nerving of bugs They said they were confused and didn't know which all the punch Back-um those old folks seem to have one thing in common Looks like I've got them just keep their votes to exaggerate milk and And Oh So I'd like to know who won the election Then I'd like to know What a next turn Option I had no life Countable Judith Don't ask me to make a rocket on the time. 1-7-1-5-16. If I were to sworn, I can't say that either. I thought that he swore. I said something about bulls who voted for Bambi didn't say that. No, maybe that's some other bit. Here's the fact this has Peter Deutsch. Are you freaking kidding me? Many cancers got a kick his his really looking ass. Oh, I think we need new ass Senate. There's another apologies for Israel. He lies his Jewish tongue so far up. I'm a real sharon's ass and then it says F Peter Deutsch. www.nomorejewsinconverse.com. That's a beauty. Wow. Like I said, Betty Kasher for the Senate. Oh. I don't care. Anybody that can be whoever they come up with these are Republicans. Right. That Martinez goofball. Huh? Right. Their handpicked. Handpicked. And whatever. But definitely not mayor. I should worry about it. Mayor penis pecanni. He doesn't have a chance. You have a Chinaman chance in hell. You even the yelling vote for him. Are you voting today? Did you vote? No. See nobody votes in the primary. Ask me if I voted. Did you vote? Don't ask. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 9. 5, 6, 9. Well, then buddy Nebons are right about it again. That little slimy piece of crap. Hey buddy, take a bath. Okay. At least once before the year is out. 6, 7, let's get these phones smoking between out. Oh, speaking of the elections in Palm Beach is the reason I play that. Madam butterfly flies off with the ballads. Florida fixed again. Absent the ballads go abs and writes Greg Policies. Great. It's on our website today. On Friday, Teresa LaPore, that bitch supervisor of elections in Palm Beach. Candidates for reelection as supervisor of elections. Chose supervisor on election. No one allowed. Ha ha ha ha. Today, Florida votes for these nominally nonpartisan posts. You remember Teresa Madam butterfly the one whose ballads brought in the big vote for Pat Buchanan those Jewish precincts in November of 2000. Oh, thank you for the hand count that would have changed the White House from Blue to Red. This time, Teresa's in a hurry to get to the counting. She began telling absentee ballads on Friday in her own reelection race. Not to worry the law requires the supervisor of elections in each county. They're certified Polwalks here to observe the count. But Teresa's got a better idea. She refused to certify a single Polwalks here from opponents organizations, despite the legal requirements you do so by last week. She'll count her own votes herself. Thank you very much. We trust her. And so far she's doing quite well. Although 37,000 citizens of requested absentee ballads, she says she only got 22,000 once you began the count. Where are the others? Don't ask. Where do we just hear that? Don't ask. So she posts an aims to request you. She won't release the list of those who have voted. And I'm not raising deviation from a standard procedure. It's a deviation you deviate. And she has no intention of counting all the ballots received. She's reserved for herself. The rights of the determine which ballots have acceptable signatures. In other words, the ones have voted for her look pretty good. And the ones that might hope for anybody else went and down, toss them out. For a opponent, Democrat Art Anderson had asked Teresa to use certified handwriting experts instead of her hand picked tax to take the signatures. Unfortunately, while federal law request received a law of voter to correct they seem to reject when registering, the feds do not require her to permit challenges to absentee ballot rejections. I know what you're thinking. How could Madam Butterfly know how people are voting? While she's printed party affiliation on the outside of each return envelope, that certainly makes it easier to figure out which ballot is valid. Don't it? And dear reader, please take note of the implication of the story for the big vote November. Minions have sought refuge in absentee ballots as a method to avoid the dangers of the digitizing of democracy. Floored in other states are reporting 400 plus percent increases in absentee ballot requests due to the fear of the new computer voting machinery that so many of us don't trust. Some refuge, the force giving us an early taste of how the bush leaders intend to care for your absentee ballot. If there's no safety in the absentee ballot, how about to computerize machines? The LaPours of America have that one figured out too. On Friday the Dan Witch Theresa began her criminal style vote count, the New York Times ran a puff piece on Jeb's Palm Beach political pet. Covered Porter Amy Goodnug derided fears of Democrats who painted Darcin areas about the computer voting machines Madam Butterfly installed over the objections of the state's official voting technology task force. If you're wondering why the experts told her not to use the machines, I'll tell you, because the New York Times won't. It's not because the voting specialists are anti-technology lawdites, the fact is that Florida County's using touch screens have reported a known error rate 600 percent greater than the alternative paper ballots read by optical scanners. And those errors have occurred surprise overwhelmingly at African-American precincts. Oh no. First brother Jeb has teamed with a port of keep the vote clean and white. Together they refused to Democrats request for the more reliable paper ballots as an option for voters. On county by contrast election supervisor Ian Sancia insisted on paper ballots and did not lose a single vote to error in the March presidential primary. Sancia would told me it's a slam dunk certainly that the computer screens will snatch away several thousand Palm Beach votes. You see mad dog, I said that word. Theresa and the gefter have been quite close since the poor came out of the closet. The Republican turned Democrat, and I'm only independent this year, accepted the sticky and bracelet of Republican party. One really has to wonder if she ever truly left the blues in the first place. And so Shane that supervisor LaPore was too busy counting her votes and rejecting, I think he's got his cover as much stuff in his article, doesn't he? I think so. It's a shame that supervisor LaPore was too busy counting her votes and rejecting ballots to respond to my phone calls. I wanted to be the first to congratulate her on a election victory two days before the election. Or maybe she fears I might be the early bird dog who catches the butterflies he turns back into a worm. There you go Theresa LePore, haven't I been saying why is he still got a job? I mean, he ain't no myrium elephant. She's got that job because she just got reelected and butterflies are free. And in Palm Beach whatever it is, they say, we like it free, especially at the early bird. Don't forget free early bird dinners in Palm Beach our election day. It's slimy. Five six seven, five six, what a joke man. This state is an absolute joke in a half. They might as well have a few chuckles. I'm glad from Toronto said whatever his name was. Let's have a few laughs man because this is really pathetic. Plus you might all be dead by this weekend with that big blow comes in. I mean you, I won't be here. Which in these is the most interest to you hurricane Francis 229. It's almost 40% out of 500 77 boat. What is Hank coming back? That's number two in their minds. 128 won a year. That's awesome. Including me and just about all of us here. And really this isn't anything we do with Mo. I mean directly, I guess it does. But you know what I'm saying? Yeah. We want Hank back. I mean if Mo is doing like overnight or weekends or anything else at this stage is the game. More power to go on. No, don't ruffle my feathers no mo. But it just happens to be in there because they have to pay him now as a result. This is going on. How bad will it often do this year is that moving into a strong number three with 50. The Howard Stern show 42, the one with their holes in it like Swiss cheese. The Olympic 36, the Democratic convention 34, today's election 33, the Republican convention, 21, and the MTV Awards only six. See now, if they ask the same question in power 96, they did the same pull. You think we have the same result? Yeah. They're concerned about the hurricanes and Hank. The hurricanes. Big time. Twenty-two-one is five, sixty-two-two-two. Let me tell you right now if you're concerned about your carpets. As a matter of fact, after the big storm hits, you're going to be like waiting in with all boots and all kinds of crap. Once they storm has gone, that's a good time to call dry concepts. While I was away, dry concepts came into my carpets in the house and it's just amazing. Even when those dogs especially the little one, the damage they didn't there for years and years. I mean, those dogs were nice and all that stuff. I bought a shirt left some must-stop. And those carpets looked just like brand new. They smelled like many fresh. They looked like they were laid right on that floor. And of course, let's face it. Your carpet is bad as your sink, but it comes to collect your germs. So if you want to sanitize your home and everything, you look in really spiffy. Your carpets, your poultry, your drapery, your expensive area in oriental runs. Then you definitely ought to be called dry concepts because of the best in the world. I've used them for over 20 years. They've been doing it right in town since 1979. For 25 long, excruciating fantastic years. No rip off, no scams. They give your written guaranteed price upfront. Before they start doing their unbeatable job, your carpets look in smell. Let me first like brand new and their dry in a couple of hours. You really can't clean today and retain the night. Pick up that phone and call them right now to the best in the universe. You'll never get left down when you call dry concepts. Call them toll-free. 1-800-248-507-1. That's 1-800-248-5071. Run and wicket worldwide web. It's dry concepts.com. I'm going to leave your bets on me and die. I have to do it for a powerhouse and slime. I have to do it for a five six six two way. The country dish is an out in the lab. If there's a pretty good chance there. I'm gonna go! I'm gonna go! I'm gonna go! I got me a tool, my wrist is big as a wet. I say that they can fix it with some sand cells. Right now I'm like head is a deal kind of funny. Hurry up and get that funding money. I just fell for a super little tail day. I can make a mistake. I don't want to be a bee. Step down, get it step down. Step down, get it step down. Push step, run and go for some fat. They got a laugh and a reset and so. Well, they're taking right fair in a cryo-genic tank. In an old-peachy dish. Go on and make a wish. Turn into a liver. Turn into a heart-pear. Turn into a kidney. Do it all within the tail. I'm going down, down. You declare for little tail, but we can't find it forever. Steps, hell, baby. Steps, hell, stop, wear that. Splice it and advice it. If I get that a wetkin, save him when you're freezer. You're gonna be an old geaser. If my illness is tragic. But stem cells are magic. So everybody fits them around and around and around and around. And then they'll say, baby, damn, damn, damn, damn. Now we don't want any two-classific. Okay, it gets got all been out of shape. 13 to 1 and 5 and 60, WQM. So Peter Dwey's a Sharonlicker, huh? I know I did. I didn't either. I don't believe it. I don't have anything to base on. I still like that a cancer a lot. Oh, fuck it. Poor the secretary of education, wasn't she? Okay. I don't know anything about her either. Benni Castro? Castro vote? Right. Caste your vote, man. Benni Castro or Peter Dwey's anybody, but Alex Sapenis Bicanja. I don't believe I think that's some anti-semantic guy, that's some that fact's probably. Headless body left in trunk passenger to capitate it. Mary at a Georgia, I'll probably just as well. A drunken driver hit a telephone pole support wire that to capitate it as passenger, then drove 12 miles home and slept in his bloody clothes, leaving the headless body in the truck police said. How do you like that? A neighbor walking with his young daughter said they were going to discover Daniel Brom's headless corpse in the truck in John Kemper Hutcherson's driveway and called authorities said, Corporal Dana Pierce County Police Postman, Officer Spongebob Hutcherson asleep inside his home. He was visibly drunk and his clothes were bloody authorities said they later found Brom's severed head at the crash site. Oh, there's nothing like a good severed head. What? Yeah, that's what they say in the Middle East. Hutcherson 21 was charged with vehicular homicide grabbing out of the influence and fatal stuff. And when I said it with death or injury, he was jailed on a $100,000 bond. Police said Hutcherson and Brom, friends in high school, were drinking at a bar, Saturday night, left after Brom said he felt sick. Brom 23 apparently was leaning out the window when Hutcherson hit the support wire on one half from the bar. Those who knew invested that Brom always had a good head on his head. Or maybe they said he used head and shoulders. We can exactly. We can do it. The head of the NA. Always ahead of the. I want to play that severed head thing. What all that terrible stuff that's been going on in the Middle East, everything? Huh? Wouldn't it be a bad taste to play that? Oh my god, it's a severed head. Yes, severed head. The new fab that's sweeping an nation. Everyone who's anyone has got a severed head. And if you think it's not for you, then just listen to this dramatized version of an actual letter sent was by a satisfied severed head customer. Okay, that makes $623 for all your Halloween candy. Well, $623 isn't that a lot for a bag of candy? Well, it's our finest mixture. You do get the caramel corn balls, the tapioca sugar daddies, and the juice filled wax bump gifts. Well, I guess it is a good deal. Except for the severed head of the middle of the Zang Nath bar, sweet peaches. I'm so sorry. Please let me give you all this Halloween candy for free. You better. Yes, a severed head is your ticket to thousands of discounts and freebies worldwide. So pick up yours today and remember if it's not dead, it's not severed head. You don't want to say that. I will play right now, but what would Jesus say? Bob and Tom, not in here. We're the whole back come from. What do you mean by that? Where'd you get that from? Off the latest Bob and Tom CD that somebody sent to me, which I think you wrote north. It's in my DCS. I got able to probably give in and more good stuff in my mind. Or all like bleep and this. Ready to go. Why don't you even have that in here? And you hear what? That disc. Of course not. I've been hearing about you. There's a go right. Of course. Okay. All those other bits are new by the way. Well, you can probably don't even have any on the post that notes all around the screen. What do you mean they're all new? They're new like from the last two weeks from your hands and I don't know. Well, what do you do with some of those? What makes you assume that? I thought they said you would just get the end of the week whenever they get around with. Right. Even if you're landing your body, you don't have last weeks because you're here. Exactly. So what's that about? Okay. Six hundred eighteen votes on there in hurricane Francis has got them all whipped up into our friends. You're there's the typhoon in Japan. I hope you're not in the way. It's fine. It's fine. What did you paint? Just leave it in the paper. It's not the sound. We're sure. And I'm too mad at Jones. At least one good thing with your daughter being over there in all the Japanese have those little penises. The situation developing and we want to get right to it. So your hurricane Francis is a very strong, powerful hurricane category. Four on the staffer since in scale. Definitely. Turing hurricane winds at one hundred and thirty five miles per hour. Its movement is about at fifteen miles per hour. It's going to be passing just to the north of Puerto Rico and the Bergen Islands today, but they will definitely be feeling the impact with at least tropical storm forced winds throughout the afternoon. You can see that the estimated pressure is down to nine fifty mila bars. and it's censored about 175 miles north east. And it's censored about 175 miles north east. And it's censored about 175 miles north east. And it's censored about 175 miles north east. And it's censored about 175 miles north east. And it's censored about 175 miles north east. And it's censored about 175 miles north east. And it's censored about 175 miles north east. And it's censored about 175 miles north east. And it's censored about 175 miles north east. And it's censored about 175 miles north east. And it's censored about 175 miles north east. And it's censored about 175 miles north east. And it's censored about 175 miles north east. And it's censored about 175 miles north east. And it's censored about 175 miles north east. And it's censored about 175 miles north east. You're talking about the possibility, well, all ready. You can hurricane watches and warnings. And effect the warnings for the Selency Mohammed. The Turkish al-Mai and the watches for the central Bahamas. So those are the hurricane watches and warnings. You need to heed those warnings and watches. All right. We're going to tell you about tropical storm and visories that are in effect. Now tell you what. Let's head on back and talk about the hurricane Francis. I'm gonna get out of here. That's enough. Get her out of here. Pretty pondered where said the job they did on the Weather Road channel. I keep wanting to say the weather network but that's Canadian, eh? Okay, let's get back to the good stuff. This is our player, Tucker Carlson is silly, goose with the bow tie that's on crossfire. That idiot. That right wing pretend to love bush guy who's on Edward James Carville or Paul Bagalli. Anyway, here's an article about that you ought to listen to very carefully. It's called Bush's 911 cowardice. It's on our website. So what does it mean when Tucker Carlson and Andrew Sullivan both declare they can't vote for Bush and November? That they're horrors, that they're reading the T-Leaves and they'll get stuck on the wrong side of history, that they're tools and hacks and don't matter? Perhaps, but they do have their own sphere of relevance and frankly, every right wing punted to turn away from Bush's victory for us. And the latest S.Y.R. magazine in addition to running Ronnie Reagan's anti-Busch S.R.E.D. also treats us to Carlson and Sullivan declaring their disappointment they failed Bush presidency, all this is so sweet, that silly silly twit with a bow tie. Carlson in particular is brutal on Bush taking him to task where his cowardice on 911. Carlson says the attacks initially made me sorry I voted for him. For most of that day is my wife and children stayed inside our house, listening to horror fighter jets overhead and black smoke from the Pentagon how could above our neighborhood Bush failed to return to Washington. My family set unprotected a few miles from the scene of a terrorist attack, Bush hit a bunker on some faraway military base. It infuriated me as did the subsequent excuses from White House spokesman. There was a risk incoming back, they said, there was a risk incoming back, they said, of course there was, that's the point. Leaders must take where sometimes physical ones. Bush should have elbowed a secret service detail out of the way and return into display of fearlessness to his nation's capital and found distressingly revealing that he didn't. So did I, was one of my earliest thoughts that faithful day, say what you will about you, and he and most of what I would say is bad, but Rudy showed the tempo leadership Bush only wishes he could muster. What's worse, Rob no how bad Bush's coward is looked, so much the same way they handled any obstacle they faced they lied. Rob claimed they had received credible threats against their force one, a ludicrous assertion that was proven false days later, but in the chaos at the moment both Bush's palpable fear and lies used to cover it up for lost. But as Carlson says, the incident was revealing. Justice carries heroism a half a world away as revealing. There's a reason this with both liars are going after the story so hard. Carry turned his vote into the danger he faced Bush ran into Nebraska and coward in fear. Short. How do you like that? Right to the point, baby. He's got his thumb right on it. It's on our website, read it and weep about your cowardly president who's sitting by a while of thousands are getting massacred slaughtered for no good reason at all. And by the way, what a great job against the war on terrorism. Iraq where there was no terrorism, which wasn't terrorist threat. Now is what the greatest hotbed of terrorism in the world. They should have attacked us online. That's right. They should have been doing all those evil things. All and we will doers. Plus they we don't like Bush's boxes. They were. But they don't. That's Iraq. He's well we're confused about that. We don't know. I'm from the end. They're over there, bomber. Little confused about heavier. Where's we're learning that now? We had some fag interpreters who could understand it. But they were fags. Right. We can't trust them. Fag gets it. Anyway, 1256 and 560 WQAM. Why did you tell her? There's a fag left when I once pushed you say goodbye, Michael Morrie. He was exhalaged fans and they love him in France. Mike, do Morrie. His new flick, it is full of tricks. You'll be a sick cause it picks on your W. Might become number number one and then when it's done, won't be fun, Bush will be screwed. His vacuum and theory forestives from John Kerry, Michael Morrie. There's been wings and a skirt. His feet will last an hour. You can dance. And now all fox news would like him to be moving to Norway. But it's clear he's there to be a paid in very Michael Morrie. Welcome. 102 at 560 WQAM. Boy, it's a threat long. You know, it's our one to two hour. It's very moving man. Only feels like three hours. Wow. I haven't had a moving like this since about three this morning. When I hopped out of bed and ran into that magic room, it's been a lot of time. How can you old bull? What was that all about? I think I got bad allergies here. I'll see you. Here are some good news because keep in mind folks. It's not important that we succeed with that people we don't like fail. Isn't that the case? Sure. We'll take it. Baseball owner is being by the market. I'll give you a clue who we're talking about. I must be crazy. I must be nuts. The boss and Red Sox may be on the comeback trail, but the difficult summer for the baseball teams principal owner continue. I must be crazy. I must be nuts. I never forget that day that he and his henchmen stood there in their pinstrips suits in a hallway and I walked in the door to come into the studio that morning and somebody in the control room. Greeper or somebody said, more than Neil and right away they looked at me like the Ancik price they just walked in. Like I had six, six, six had to on my back home fat ass. And I said, quick look at my ass where you please. John Henry who runs one of the largest hedge fund type firms in the commodity and currency markets has seen losses pile up lately. I'm not going to say that is right. John Henry company a two point two billion dollar managed futures adviser in Boca has made costly errors in the stock bond and currency market this year reports today's Wall Street urinal. All I can say is, I must be crazy. I must be nuts. The firms largest investment program, the one point two billion dollars strategic allocation program, a blind of Mr. Henry's various strategies, is down 20 to for a sense since January 1. I must be crazy. I must be crazy. The comparison the Dow is down about 3% this year. The treasuries have scratched up gained of about 3%. He's down 22% since January 1. Five other investment programs at Mr. Henry's firm are down more than 20% this year. I must be crazy. While the Red Sox have rallied with in shouting distance of their bitter rival the Ancik's Mr. Henry's firm is ensuring any signs of snapping out of its own slump. These strategic allocation program is down another one. I must be crazy. I must be nuts. We know what we do works. He says. I believe that by the end of the year, will be positive. We'll be fine. He's saying. The great time to invest in our form of trading. For almost any other firm, a burst of self confidence in the Mr. Suchet a bad year would seem as misplaced in the decade, so the company will be very close to the end of the year. The great time to invest in our form of trading. to the mist of such a bad year, would seem as misty as the decades long yearning for world serious battle held by many forelorn wingwitters, but the volatility of his 20-year-old firm's performance is no troyous in the market, and John Henry company is rallied sharply from steep losses in the past. Then, well maybe it won't happen again. Maybe he loses skinny little land. I must be crazy, I must be crazy. That's his body language, totally what a loser he was, you know? How can he get $80 billion? I think the best way to describe John Henry turned on two legs. I never saw him. What he was here. Because when the man dog was in a hallway, you turned. Well, let's see, don't forget that Duice voted for the act of cleanup radio. Oh yeah, right. And so did everybody else. Oh, okay. Did anybody wear their arm? I wasn't there one? No, that was who was Senate. He was in the house. So we're like 3.090, 1.013 or something like that. I mean, who are you, kiddin? And so did Carrie, and so did Kennedy, and so did everybody else because he also was the catfish lady. I have no idea. John wants to know. I have no idea, John. It's a catfish lady. You even know who that is. No, who? That was P your time. And I would be back in the day when we had all those regular colors. Remember EJ and DJ and the catfish lady. Oh, like, and the baby's recalling lady. Yeah, people I had talked to for years. I and Z people long before Zeta. They're good. Really? When we talked to, right? It's called a Soviet idea. Yeah, I was sure. And DJ and P J from the point of view. It would call Stan to. Right. Oh, Stan. Yeah. What do I have here? Oh, I probably shouldn't even be Santa because then my phone number. We, and I'm not answering the phone. woke up at 2 p.m. face down in a gutter about taste of black mong. I'm brave with slight butter. I like this one better. Stan major. Now, a new start ready of six stands WIOD. If you have missed the last show, you met this. What they know what the hell is your problem? Pain is in New York, fella. When he would do a show, I don't want to be in backlight to see this. But woman, who do you want? I do. Do you want Alan first? I don't want that. Do you want J or N? So what? They want the hell do you want them in air, silence? It's that old we have to show. Do you give me a name? But is that old? Who do you want? Is that old we have? What kind of content do you want, Dairy to the sick? I do. Here, the next stand major show. What's that? Do you want to be between two and six was A, B, yes? Anybody with Stan? Oh. Anyway, do you buy a new watch lately? No, lately. How about that? How does he wait for you? I'll give you a try that one out. Yeah. For Stan. For Stan. How's that money? That you'll be Stan. Five six, seven, oh, don't worry. Keep it. Just don't call me. Five six, seven, oh, five, sixty pound, five, sixty on a AT&T. I hear he can use another little check before I go back up north. WQAM. Hello. Yes, sir. Happy Tuesday, amigo. Oh, there we go. Two days of the work. Check it out. One. I got about 30 man of these people over here. And bottom of the venture putting the shots up there. Oh, God. Also, what kind of green these talk to good stuff? No, no, no, no, no. Show man. We don't do that. Racky. We crap on this show after the show. It's firstly in Toronto where it's, you know, bad stuff in Canada day. Oh, and I did tell you Paul Martin is going to take what he's going to put it on the table. Yes, sir. I'm going to pick it up and pass it around like a piece by it. And so I'll go right. Yeah. Seriously. I'll be right there. I mean, you talk about a difference in right across that border, baby. It's like they're in the enlightened age and we're in the stone age. They're in the stone age. You're in the stone age. It is so sad, so pathetic, so tragic man. And the DEA. They finally, I guess throughout the case out there, one of those cases in California, remember they got it was a growing medical marijuana. Yeah. Within the state law, they passed a lot of NDEA went out there and said, well, I don't give a crap about your state law. This is one of the cases where we don't care about states rights, no more because that wacky weed is bad. And they're also given, and I'll say this for Paul Martin, which he's pretty weak, lame, plastic. But he stood up to him because the US government naturally bringing a lot of pressure against that Canadian guy. And he said, well, how come it's okay for the Taliban, poppy? Yeah, I poppy. You know that that's the first revenue Afghanistan again. And the Taliban is performing. Right. And all of a sudden, BS said they're selling you and the $43 million that they give to the Taliban, sure paid off, didn't it? Sure did. Good. I dropped a lot of money. I'm a free hands joke man. How can there be so many stupid ignorant idiot? I still blame it on the media. I'm sure the masses are uneducated. But the media could be educating them like every minute of every day. Or big business bought to me. But what are they doing to put none like John Gotti's family? Right. That's all part of the play over there. Right. And all these so-called reality shows I got news for it. Somebody else's reality that's fleece to money out of your wallet. It's not the real world, okay? Just like Howard Beale said, you're the reality that this is just an illusion. What he said. Good old Howard Beale. Remember that speech? Yeah, I didn't do much good. Good. Did it? No, sure is how they're- but he was a good guy. He met well. Nobody's seen nobody saw that moment. No. And let's like it's like the Warren Vietnam. And now that I'm an old geezer, it never dawned on me. Did Warren Vietnam made it how many years ago? About 30 minutes. 30 years ago. Right. So if you're like 20 now or 25 or 30, what do you know about Vietnam? Nothing. So all of the square, well, carry had some nerve to come back and say, well, all of those atrocities are well documented. Right, proven, okay? Yeah. Why do you think we got to hell out of there? Why do you think they brought 50,000 kids back in body bags and hundreds of thousands or maybe millions of dead people over there. Right. And forget the purple hearts. He went. He was there. He volunteered to go there. Right. Right. He said, well, why are we keep talking about that? What the hell difference is Vietnam got to do with what's going on? It's just changing the subject. It's just a camouflage is what it is. It's a sub-defuge. Just a smoke screen. On the last call, where he's got the smoke screen on. You got his number. The good stuff came in as wicked. You know that there's a full moon? Yeah, have been noticing. Got up this morning, went out there to get my papers. I looked up in the sky. And I couldn't believe it. I said, that explains a little bit yesterday because they're in the sky was the full. Yeah. It was incredible. Hey, when you shop for quality footwear, great selection and professional service. The best choice of one be the prices. The place you want to go is of course Brandy shoes in Pompano. At Brandy shoes, you'll find the biggest selection of great name Brand men's and women's shoes. The best service and of course, like I always tell you, the best prices in town. Period. The top names in the shoe business. They got them all. They got rock ports, which are for my money. The best floor shine. S.A.S. Spirory, Timberland, naturalizer and lots more. It would brandy shamangas, the lesson chances are you'll never hear. Sorry, we don't have that size and style. You can bet Greg and Duff's life on it. That exactly the style you're looking for is in stock. You can't be the one with the stick. Brandy is open every day, Monday through Saturday from 9 am to 9 pm. Sunday's 10 to 5. You'll find Brandy's in the same great location. They've been doing great for years. 12.90. North Federal Highway in Pompano Beach. Always worth to see that mong is in here again. I bet it'll get out of town. Like tomorrow would be good. And all this week, it brandies. It's a great time to buy S.A.S. even better than normal. Because all great men's and women's styles are 25% off. So be sure and come out of the store and or visit them on the web. Let's see, spell out the letters on S.A.S. Spot letters. And I say, S.A.S.S. He's dead. I say yes. I guess it's not. S.A.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S A-S.S.S.S.S.S.S.P.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.NOut你好 El Cont overturn. Yes.LineraLAM. Los Algare Ullet, Aurora장. Yes. mia Jacques Bon praying in Sachen, Gere M?SAA. Did you make a fight or a fight? Selling Out we are all through The Canada stop it's me, let's set free the brains And I let jump by far blinds to that fate And first they could in me, let them in a pile There's a call that call that's a piece and smile Over's me and all that great that's far shared In Westley so a trombone is for far Like the reverse you only follow your orders Please what we and see Oh my god Canada's come in speed Related that little light That's in her black water On a matter they not I'm a team of Hillary which you've done that side It's 117 maybe not Janet though Can't you just see that? What's the guy supposed to be the scapegoat by the way? She bunched up big time even more than usual So hey guess what you're going down You don't have anything here You don't have anything here No, I don't. You keep leaving it up there What? I'm a grave where did that come from? That's in there and where? Under what? I'm not a here Not a booboo Not in here I'm here in our urine danty right now Maybe under bush to ask how the bush to ask my ass Abugar Bush to ask how the grave yeah There's too many like I got my 360 dash over and press it Yeah dash on this How about Mrs. Dash? How's she doing? How same dashed and he just croaked? Let's see Abugar Yeah like my better though Well I think that five 16 WQA lot of great Tuesday man We got a lesson day today. Don't forget vote for Betty Castro or Peter Doge Anybody except for Ravus penis pecania Okay, all you choose out there vote for Peter Doge He likes co-sure Betty Castro she eats trif and all of us piece of penis pecania Yeah Enough said Which of these is or was of most interest to you? 691 vote That's not bad considering we came out of about what ten after ten this morning after the best of Howard Stern He's the best seem to me that some of that stuff now. I don't listen very much as you know Or that if what some of that stuff is like from when it's already been on this station It's only been a couple of weeks live you know But I guess you want to talk great in morning show in America You have to take whatever you can get with it without the holes like Swiss cheese Would it without the delay the dump the bump the muffled sound just being able to say That's why my mother's in there anymore and do you like control that muffled sound? That's where the expression came from Anyway six hundred ninety one vote which of these is or was most important to you hurricane Francis 275 That's what we yell like you when his hand coming back one forty six. I think we'll know by Thursday If and when That that's my best guess Okay, because everybody was going to building from our program director to our operations manager to the janitor I don't know not and I actually believe them Which is rare for me, but I don't think they do know none and about this either When is hand coming back one forty six? How bad will the offense be this year? 65 votes on that almost ten percent are pretty damn worried Except for us patriothans. Oh boy talk about rubbing your hands together The Howard Stern's show forty six are interested in that Olympics forty five forty five people interested in that factory Man, I mean was there one real sport in that whole deal a basketball and that was an embarrassment For the West all stop it name one as hard as I'm not I mean that's considered real sport swimming. Oh, I team sports No, no, I like swimming Sporter the running run the track I guess track yeah track was good. I watched it buck two minutes of that Democratic convention forty six Olympics forty five today's the election thirty seven how many people are voting today and they About turn man and in Broward about turn man Republican convention twenty seven and the MTV awards is still got only six out of almost seven hundred vote only six Just not our crowd man. We just don't have those hipp Teamy Bob Rappin crappin Boopin poppin. Yeah, you don't have them Twenty one pass one let's get a bowl bunch of calls on here before two because it's I think like I've short chains Do all we got a whole bunch of stuff here at about the latest polls. Yeah, but we'll get to them. All right WK lam hello Rappin. Good. Hello. Yes, sir. Speaking of I don't I don't I want to know I have a fisherman doing how what how the fisherman is doing He's still in the closet is what I'm hearing Those be very crowded closet. Yeah, especially in that house network. How's lines are row doing all WQAM hello. No, yes, sir. Are you done good? I have a spiral port. Yes, why are you whispering? Well, I was I would wait for a Last night I was flipping channels and I ran into the PBS coverage of the Republican And you watch that the Republican invention a second you know who would they had their meal Jane find a no they had a woman Plan Wayne from Abelankin. I ride Republican party And she was telling the stories you know of all the stuff that's happening and this is what after four years They had to bring to the table. That's what they got and then the John Kerry bandage. Don't forget that. See you Yeah, they got nothing to see if any administration that's done great things like create millions of jobs like Clinton did or bring it You know peace and prosperity in our time for get the service by saying surplus Trinidad dollar a $2 trillion surplus in the budget all those things they were able to do to their own horn Of course, they still got the election stolen That's because that's because of the julebroman Right, and that's because Gorb we could be in his way and was and try out a little bubble. That's the reason distancing himself Well, and then then they got Alice penis bikini on there yesterday They were talking to begin about the war clip about how he's dead going to back and was the worst be Traitor and you're and penis bikini is responses well He would have just one his home state of Tennessee. He wouldn't have needed Florida Well, you talk about trying again change the subject Okay point the arrow in the other direction. It's like saying the hurricane Francis got hit France That's why they call it Francis Yeah, no, that's exactly what he's doing may or penis bikini. Who are you kidd man? You phone even he's the comedian of Dave County It's a torpe he's a comedian torpe who is whatever you wanted to be on any given day Oh, he's not gonna let Mickey Harrison make that deal. He's not gonna make any backdoor deals He promises you that's his number one guarantee this one. He gets an office. He goes and makes a backdoor deal I'm not talking about backdoor backdoor but who knows last one mediata And then the same thing he goes and stabs go right in a back and he goes in the hiding you could have put that thing over the top I didn't do it just just 600 voices all over what are taken and a few thousand bogus wants to be sure for insurance And now all of a sudden he's the big Republican Bashar and bush did this and bushes do a night We need the international coalition. Yeah, right who the how are you can one day? He's a Democrat the next day. He's a jubin Cuban He's everything To all people and you're gonna see a whole bunch of your people are gonna vote against bush that's not people either They're either gonna vote for carrier than not gonna they're gonna stay home Because they're forming like the guy who killed himself. You said that you would vote if you're not fighting going on in that community right that is right It's not a contratence because this business in bargo business in bargo business A new to the bargo. He's creating tremendous hardships. Yeah, a lot of people. It's we had a blue his brains up. It's still dead last time we checked God what an idiot WQAM hello WQAM hello Hello, miss sir. How are you great? Good I trust your opinion pretty good. I'm wondering if you get any endorsements for the today's election endorsements on what Tell for your ass sentiment anybody accept the Alex penis bicania like do it Peter do it's okay. I like him with this anti-Semi before we got all been out of shape about it I don't know I would deal with local the locals. I got time for that You know I got time. All right. They're small potatoes man just keep that in mind There's that you know it's the same faces the same names year after year after year I know I know but try to try to get in there make a difference. You know I do a baby votes four or five times just to make sure Well, I get counted once that would be pretty good for a free typically Okay, I think I don't worry that black face to the election pull not good idea Right Let's put the where you wear it Not a good idea all you dark folks had put on less some Clarice bleat I yeah, it's fact you know something to be put me now November and get Michael Jackson's Cosmatologist in here the dermatologist whatever it is they have spray on liquid paper to spray on white baby You're gonna be as white as the fallen snow Just don't open your mouth President or a presidential race two close to call three states the Gallup telephone survey release study in the case that voters in Wisconsin I can't believe the curious blow in Wisconsin. How is that possible? Wisconsin Pennsylvania and Iowa are pretty evenly splitter who they want the economy in the war in Iraq The three are among about a dozen states considered too close to call right now, which also includes Ohio Florida Nevada, Missouri and Minnesota how can men's men a soda be tight? How's that possible? How do we hear about cancer heresis plane? Registered voters pulled in Wisconsin put Democrat John Kerry had a president for citizens in Wisconsin 49 to 46% registered, but Likely voters in the state bush had 50% carry 47. So that's going to be the challenge to get all the people out if all the people vote who they you know who could vote I'm not talking about her percent but just a big turnout then Kerry can win If the living and reading people say home if they're intimidated if they're stupid and Pennsylvania registered voters give Terrier five point lead 49.45 44 but among likely voters it's bush 48 carry 47 likely voters Although the good deal is not made is off the ballot now in Pennsylvania and in Iowa Half said they would vote for the carry Edwards ticket 50% against 44% for the Bushchini ticket But in likely voters carry 51 bush 46 actually I always doing okay. I away I went all that bad some of them good corn fed folks They sure that corn sure is special I will tell you that right now just ask net baby Twenty seven passed one at five sixty WQM I think a little incoherent now mad dog coming up into a clock this afternoon If your hair is gone man if you got that big gigantic balls spot you ought to talk to our good buddy Charles off eerie because he's the best in the business for over 35 years He's been providing amazing natural look and hair systems that are virtually a hundred percent un-detectable and right now Charlie's introducing the latest development and hair restoration It's called the new laser life therapy treatment and this is used for treating fine and thinning hair All we're fine this new treatment that is FDA certified restore his hair and scalp back to his healthiest day while increasing your hair shaft density and volume The new laser life therapy and it's cool light laser device is effective on both men and women and say painless non-avacive treatment That's complete in about a half an hour how many minutes Charlie and the staff are witnessed dramatic results with this new system that impedes hair fall out for those with fine and thinning hair So stop thinking that by some miracle from above you're saying here is just going to stop following you to the sink to shower on the floor and give Charlie a call find out more about the exciting new laser life therapy treatments and how you once and for all can solve your thinning hair problems again change your life and away you look forever Calm toll free there's no obligation call 1-800-3212413 That's 1-800-3212413 run at wickedweb. It's Charles off eerie.com You're listening to Neil Rodgers exclusively on 560 The phenomenal republic baby only in Miami It's your sub-tools that women know what's with you Hey watch your arms and what's on it Everybody at the time will watch you and you You're mine To stand Fire ball To step To step To bear flesh and sword push tender full step Fire when you've forgotten your car full step You know longer I'm a finder for all The America home course So Yeah I Who's dead Sing along with me Follow me Follow me Follow me Follow me Follow me Follow me What are we going to do about that bitch's choice 27 until 2 at 560 WQAM She's the a chigrant of wood pile over the maple four miles over the corp. Bubble head Yeah a bubble head doll Because seriously she's the one that's some put all these other restrictions on it show it's not the FCC. There are lots of things that they're saying all you can't say It's you can't say it's you can't based on her just arbitrarily making it up based on her lack of understanding of the FCC dictates She just got to say anything makes it up your ears Like for example, Joyce is a bitch who is coolest coolest bitch can't say that What that awful LA times for really means the LA times for released last Thursday has created substantial Nation among Democrats not only the mainstream media, but many pro democratic writers and competitors have accepted the pull the parent message That the sleazy attacks on carries wartime record have been successful and a lot of bush to overtake carried a presidential race to bad news is that this perception has been widely accepted the good news is that it's fundamentally wrong Let's start with a carry bush horse race numbers While the LA times full fond bushes support of my register voters rising from 46% in July to 49% August 22nd to 24th carry support dropping 48 to 46% the same period three other polls by major polling organizations found entirely different patterns August 22 to 25 Gallup poll emergency voters found carry had 4847 at the beginning of August Gallup showed carry in bush tide 48 a piece August 23 to 25th NBC Wall Street urinal poll found a three point lead for bush unchanged since July 22 a fox opinion dynamics full found carry 46 Forty six bush 43 August 24 to 26 carry was up twenty a two percent from July 22nd and bush one percent down to remet period In short the four major polls conducted since August 20th that we be any consistent or substantial Pro bush Wayne such as with the expected from a successful attack on John Kerry's war record and character during the week and a happy for it Instead the only generalization that could be made from looking at a broader group of over twenty polls a registered likely voters in sub beginning of August is a slight and gradual shrinkage of about three or four percent in carries lead If August have been a slow news month is trend would almost certainly have been a scraped land inevitable coming back down to worth Following the run of positive news coverage carried enjoyed for several months during the spring and the democratic convention Instead because the attacks and carries metals and military service were intensely dramatic and widely covered many commentators simply assumed that any changes in the opinion polls had to be due to their influence But the data and the LA times that the recent poll is actually more consistent with a different interpretation that a certain decline in carry support especially among veterans was inevitable as voters began to pay more attention to campaign on the other hand that had to show these swift votes to forget attack on carry metals and services been as it was deserve to be an almost unmitigated fiasco So while they're trying to peddle you with so many things about all look how this is really hurting carry and about how bushes yank and add all a bunch of crap It's a potable crap. It's partly spin as they would say in the no spin zone Got a great article by owner Cliff remember owner Cliff. I do remember from that bit right what's the name of that bit The McLaughlin. Yes, what is wrong with you boy you are so good to be in there too. No No from Washington the McLaughlin route featuring Eleanor cliffs Jack Jermont and sitting in for pet few cannon New York giant Tiki barber now here's John McLaughlin issue on George W rings of vault Jack Jermont where that's not an easy choice wrong Tiki barber I'm going to have to see the book room Excellent for exercise We need to do it Official how do they remember on ways you bring in the noise bring in the punk or cats Outer I think as well. Well, John and I have to say John That's a very difficult choice John Tiki barber I'm going to have to say right not a choice Ricky Tiki barber you gave it in to less and it wasn't a choice Well, correct response cats Tee your arms on next issue the cast of big brothers should be murdered Tau and all Come on Jack Jermont I don't think they should be Tee HON Excellent Poison pudding Bye bye bye Bye bye That is one of the all-time grates But of course if you haven't seen the show it doesn't mean anything No see once you saw the show I saw a little bit of the egg readers of different didn't have any of those people Bye bye It didn't have energy I think they have them on their out for get who it did have on it Oh, they had to be candid on it Oh, God Anyway, well, so she's got a great article here. It's called political terrorist worship sleeper cells All of the takes into account the white house and his network is a spring's in a waltz Good article I might just read it when we come back after the break I'm listening Oh my god, your breath is beautiful Let's do the shit All right Let's get it from the show Wait, don't ask for the sound Let's take a blow Oh Try to put your head Oh The Janet Green O'Share Hey Oh Oh I can't come to the end Shake up to the right Do the jacket, green O'Share Shake it with all your knife Oh, they'll shake Let's do the Janet Green O'Share Hey Don't have to take the roll Oh The Janet Green O'Share Oh, the Janet Green O'Share 144602 that's in very poor taste by the way, George Allen Yeah, I think you're swore to a cliff rise, political terrorists Yadi Adiani Cower off makes Chuck Colson look like a girly man Colson didn't have the audacity to go after John Kerry's military record When President Nixon was looking for dirt on anti-war leaders After researching Kerry's medals, Colson now heads of prison ministry program Backed off Maybe Chuck knew he was going to find Jesus back then Because he had a degree of shame So as a senior staffer to a set of Republican The Kerry campaign thinks he was succeeded in discrediting the school As a tech, I'm curious military service But Rob got what he wanted Instead of talking about a field war in Iraq and new report The chose 1.3 million war Americans looking in poverty We're debating what happened in the May Kong Delta 1968 The strategy came straight from the West Wing This is the GOP staffer Nobody should be confused Asked to explain this Republican says Rob is smart enough to keep technical distance But all it takes is a well-placed wink to activate a web of bush family hitmen Comparants and deep pocket donors They know what to do like sleeper cells that get activated He says likeening the players to political terrorists They sprang it a waxed in 2001 bush was running in the primaries against John McCain After getting beaten to Hampshire by McCain, Bush's first event Was it Bob Jones University in South Carolina? Standing next to Bush on the stage was a veteran who went right at McCain Questioning his Vietnam service while Bush remains silent A whisper campaign told voters that blood McCain had a black child The McCain's having adopted daughter from Bangladesh McCain lost the primary, the veteran became a Bush administration appointee The charges advanced by the so-called swift vote veterans for truth would never hold up in a court law These men would have us believe concrete and navy records in countless eyewitnesses That carried did not act heroically and had a grand plan to manipulate medals from the military Too bad Bob Gould got hold into this mess once known principally is a GOP hatched man Dual had rehabbed himself over the years to war hero and sardonic wit Then over the weekend he said all swift vote veterans for truth can't be Republican liars It's you'll wear this where they smoke their fire routine Why would dual allow himself to be used like that? He must have forgotten how Bush's father provoked him during the 1988 GOP primaries with sleazy allegations When vice president Bush approached him on the Senate floor, dual burded out quit lying about my record The remark helped sink doors chance of an nomination Now a Republican mole on Capitol Hill says the green light is going out to be a public insta do whatever it takes to get Bush elected This is the way we hold on to power he says with disgust Posture johns, I'll be survey a battleground state taken last week as the swift vote controversy raged Show's no fundamental change in the race It's running its course and it made bull morang he says the attack on carries heroism The fact that the sleeper network has gone nuclear is evidence of Bush's weakness not stracks dog He says if the Bush team weren't seeing serious damage they wouldn't be hitting so hard so early the president is on the ropes There's no the way of looking at it A lot of he had non-vets will never forgive carry for accusing them of committing atrocities carries conceded some hyperbally in his 1971 Senate testimony But didn't they tell he'd obeyed when appealed surprise this year for uncovering Vietnam era atrocities And we forgot about the mealymasica and zippo lighters burning down hooches Maybe a few massacists wanted to bait whether Vietnam was a noble cause, but 58,000 of our soldiers died The war was a waste whether you run the right or the left Carry level most of his criticism at political leaders who did not tell the truth and was sanctioned search and distrhemorians that invited war crimes By the time carry testified in 1971 44,000 American soldiers already were dead the war had almost no property of support yet another 14,000 lives would be lost The air it is that carry does have courage the very quality this smartly campaign seeks to denigrate The wrap on him is that he slow to battle that it takes a near death experience to get him fully engaged by a sinning his hero was in the GOP he may have done carry a favor Maybe they've awakened the sleeping giant Says elder cliffs you I think you're in her it's totally yeah well you never know He might get out of that Herman monster trans before we don't start really I'm in a life baby Go on a rain we're going to South Carolina in Oklahoma and Arizona and North Dakota and New Mexico We're going to California and Texas in New York We're going to South Dakota and Oregon and Washington and Michigan and then we're going to Washington and these cities take back the windows Yeah, 755 votes on a poll so far not too bad which it is or was of most interest to you hurricane Francis is on your mind Francis O'Hare our lean Francis Francis the Amule and we got the weather channels stand and buying But they're in a spot right now, but at 10 before the hour they do their scary scary report Yeah, we are on the 10 report ease pretty weak pretty lame if you ask me and then that guy in there to want to keep telling us about well the 1926 and 41 or 43 or 46 this is the exact track that was on when it's just battered to hell out of Florida I think he's a kind of bar in or cross maybe they're doing something anyway, which of these is most important hurricane Francis 307 40.3% out of 760 When it's hand-calling back 157 good question and acquiring mine would like to know some kind of this week that getting pretty tired of this grant that was funny How bad will the dolphins do this year 68 and it eight to great the Democratic Convention 53 Olympic 50 Howard sperm show 49 today's election the primary like anybody Neil like that Peter Doitch 40 The Republican convention 29 and the MTV Awards out of 760 votes 7 Just staying our crowd, you know, we just don't have that young hip hip hop crowd sweet place or tip pop maybe that's what we're going to do already these extra now that we got all this extra time this week Right now that they should have a story on tape no, I don't mean that but like since we usually don't come out of like 10 30 maybe until about 10 30 10 45 you get the audience used to joining us in progress We'll play like a bunch of hip hop crap. We'll spin the hits right especially the part that uses all those four letter words that we can't say but they can say because it's a racial thing That's what I'm going to do a labor day. What about power 96 down the hall or they play a bunch of nasty stuff Ask kids survey. He'll tell you I do ask him and what do you say he said this company can support me us and what we do on our radio station and a story or not In other words, they are playing a bunch of films. In other words, they're doing what they do very doing what they want to do right as there's dirty as they want to run in the sense that we're going to do what they do is filthy and disgusting and grow test because they want to do what we're entitled to all I can say that is a rat You listen to Neil Roger Look it in and hold it Why are we going to you now Looks like a breaker Now's from the body roll Oh For the bush and body down It's not like he's alive He raised for criminal cloud For the bush and body down And he has me over And he raised for five That they take a trout And take some great fill And they ride those dead day And want no boy What's like he's carrying a full and full between a side and half Money down the night He doesn't need to fall And he always has a full and full He's with all the cheap spots But the bush and body down the night He gave us your point And yet more sure that the night And Neil and Bob and Bob Will be rich in fat And now just my self-made stars I'm a fake fat Bob's a boy's sweet and the night is so night I'm a fake baby Money down the night I'm a fake Governor, this much it'll family doing I think you owe it another apology to Neil Because you didn't correct me I believe before I'm a spoken said that Francis is a category three It's a four right now It's a four right now It was a three now because it was 125 and it was zero One and then a bunch of 135 which makes it a four And they just got through saying on the weather channel That it could be a five by the time it hits land Although Yeah, I still I'm looking at that with my own naked eyes My barber bush eyes and Marty Feldman naked You're working on it It looks to me like it's wobbling a little northwest Now it could be wrong but I'm thinking South Carolina That sounds about right Is there any way and wishing and pretty useful It's hard to help with and there are much among them anyway Calling language and republican parties platform vicious and mean spirited A group of gay and lesbian republicans lost the TV ad yesterday ended challenging The national convention delegates to change the party's direction Cute See that's what themselves hate the other What the fuck do I mean? It's a terrible fact that is there anyway Yeah, and it's like a bunch of black folks in the clan say And I think you guys are going in a wrong direction man Got a tilt them hoods in the opposite direction Make no sense Self-hitting queens The radical right is hijacked a party and we're fighting back Bill Brownson He's watching that I too an a Francis that brown eye Bill Brownson a spokesman for the law cabinet Republican set in news conference The parties platform adopted the advanced of the convention we've Projects not only same sex marriage, but also even rejects benefits for the same sex couples It also rejects letting openly gay people serve in the military Does not offer a unity plan which would encourage respect for Republicans It disagree with a party majority on social issues Law cabinet officials described themselves as angry and frustrated Well, I have a real easy solution for them, okay? That is commodala closet could be in a bunch of self-hitting queens And join a real party where they're not so ready they're released they give you a little something Little bone well The ad featuring words from model Reagan began running in New York Ronald Reagan Jr. Oh, okay, isn't it? Ronnie Jr. Again, running in New York Monday afternoon to reach convention delegates The group has posted in the appeal for donations on its website to finance the ad The ad begins with audio of Reagan saying, oh no, it says the old man Right, whatever else history may say about me when I'm gone I hope it record that I appeal to your best hopes that you were spheres That's kind of ironic A narrator then says this will record the Republican party's choice We will unite other things that matter most like winning the war on terror Or will we divide the American family with a politics of intelligence and fear that only lead their hate Our choices clear. That's right The Republican party, which is about the politics of fear and hate or the weakling weakening democratic party Which is the only choice you got or that dot ring old fool Ralph Nader Lincoln and the party are part of other places either Boy, who wrote the biggest to show you what a hot shot he is And says that gambling is evil and it's a bad me audio I still say they ought to take like a fan belt from a 1960 Corps of air Which I was my first car was a 60 Corps of air nice little car I ought to take a fan belt from there and like stick a deep in the back Until the elections over okay we got one of the shelf. We got one fan belt from the court Okay, we got fans all over the place Okay, we got the mad dog coming up next. I think my prediction is Thursday Okay, South Carolina for hurricane France. Okay Thursday for the hump where we had to like alter that little bit Whether for meeting your course Like bad guys