How to draw auman on every object on the來了 titled as going to the or what you'll go, fight and trick for Bush to win on landslide and sky. Don't let up that chasing your past through the surveying. You're gonna set the difference in the past, and you're gonna set the difference in the past. If you're darkened in great light brown, you'll get thrown out and probably hit the ground. This is what I'm picking. Look at that 10.30 at 5.60 WQIM. Man, this is almost like a real show today. Lots to make up for yesterday, right? They want over there. We don't want to get you too many of them real short shows because then you get spoiled. You know, I'm pretty soon you guys will know you might want to work about 40 minutes a day. Sounds like a plan to me. Look for the QAMVAN at 10.30 plus. A Northwest corner of Crowway in 137th Avenue Miami doesn't say anything about what time. And then interesting. Nice line of their Miguel. Stop by to pick up a pair of tickets to the FIU home opener this afternoon or a pair of tickets to nice Marlins game after pro. Little disappointing is that a gigantic crowd 37,000 plus is that correct? It is. But what do you eat now? I mean, a Cuban from how he's. You're eating a Cuban, huh? Oh, they're back in the day. I put every score in that agreement. But we will very little bit later. Let me get you a solid setcase. You'll be very, very excited about that. If I delve into that line. Then anyway, we'll find out what time they're going to be there. Yeah, they really need to win. Because now I'm looking as only 13 games left. If my math is correct, and there are 4.5 back. Yeah, what's pretty done? Now that's, and you can't say that. Dave and Warren will pick you ass out of the booth next game, which is tonight's MatterFact. Fillies in town. Do you very disappointing? It overrated a little few fillies in town. And I'd say 7.05, pregame at 6.30. I see on Friday we got the Crow on. We got no followed by the Crow on Friday for the ballgame. How do you like that? That's pretty. So when she's a mom, probably, probably, right. That's the guy. He's my favorite. Got some bad news to start today. Oh, here's the good news. Drew Barrymore is on our behind the beat of Curtain, Nicky, is a J.B. In fact, remember that song by Dicky Lee, Patches? Nope. I think he was thinking about that picture when he, uh, I got my, you remember that very more but he was on for the first time. Yes. At any rate, bad news, uh, deliadach again. Oh, this is from Afghanistan. Two US soldiers were killed in the firefight with insurgents yesterday when they were in the wild Afghan vice president escaped the bomb attack on his convoy, and the latest assassination attempt on a political leader had a key elections. And Afghanistan, or the warlords by the way are back in power, the puppies are growing like crazy. And, uh, that's basically in the Taliban, are we organizing a doing one halve of jobs? And we have no idea where Osama is or Mulambollah or any of these people, or Alazah. Kauwey, or any of these, uh, what do you think you talk about the good things that we've turned over there? Well, if I can come up with some, I'd like to know what they are. Well, they're a free country now, I reckon. Yeah, yeah, free to fend for themselves. And anyway, uh, here's the upholresult to me yesterday. And it's very interesting out with it. Where's Dr. A? Is that the love of the weather? Is he out ill? Is it that time at a month? What's the story? No, Dr. So those of you who listen to Stern this morning, I hope that Josh Dero, our program director in a title. I hope you did a spectacular job of us censoring and dumping and dumping out our drugs at a good job, but dumping this morning. So I was told. Double duty. Twenty one hundred and twenty four of votes, which of these applies to you? I listen to Neil not to Stern. Thirteen hundred and sixty three, that sixty four point one percent of the time of the audience. I just want to say this. And I'm not, I'm not going to go back to Friday. I must have had like an off day, whatever. Uh, we're all for starting doing as little as possible. For, with all of the difference to our long suffering and the verse of order, been wonderful audience, which we appreciate, I can't even begin to tell you, but nevertheless, it's just one of those things as you get advanced in years of in Josh now, was barely ten years old. Uh, we just, you know, as you get along in years, you say, okay, we've done enough work already. Now let's kind of like eat off a little bit. Yeah, I can't wait. Do it the kind of thing. I like a little bit. I have to overdo the fights. Right. Anyway, so the sixty four percent of the audience says no idea what time the show starts, because they don't listen to the show, the precedes. But on the other hand, look at it. Uh, uh, what was that? If I get a little bit too animated, maybe? Yeah, careful. I didn't like that. I think that thing is dying. What is that thing is going to be replaced before it dies? Yeah, well, that would be a good idea, but I haven't had any communication with anybody from engineering. And on the engineer here told me, it would be a real good idea for them to replace this, the processor, whatever the hell it is. Because they don't last that long and they're wondering for your hot, you can't really turn it off or read it because it's like, I would have to crawl around on the floor and crawl behind the whole thing and I'm going, he said, don't worry about that. I probably should be replaced now, think, but nevertheless, so one of these days it's going to go out and then I'll do the show on the phone or something or you'll just do it. Since you're in Canada, it'll go, it's, in fact, I'm pretty sure, oh, you hear that? Yeah, I don't know, but I'm panicking. I'm pretty sure I could make it go out if I wanted to start pounding on the counter and then that'd be a good way to get out of here real soon. So, anyway, 13, 63, listen to the amount of stern, I've always listened to both stern and he'll 832 almost 30 percent. I've listened to stern on another station, 88, 4.1 percent at a course because of the different technical quality, but mainly because of the different circumstances because the other stations are dumping and dumping and bleeping and bleeping and bleeping and bleeping. We have a couple of bleeping idiots in there who are just bleeping everything inside because we don't want to get choice of scent. And, you know, something, I don't, do I sound different now or do is in my imagination? It must be your imagination, you just, just fine. I'm sure you've paranoid about that processor because I could always reach over to hit that button. The bypass right out, how did you go? Oh, that's pretty good. And then I'm a stern listener and a newest near-neal 45, 2.1 percent. That is really special, you know what? Yes, it is pretty good. I'm just keeping in mind that number of people who can vote on these polls every day. We had over 2100 yesterday, it's pretty darn good response considering what a short show we had, too, you know? Right. See, that's the kind of thing the audience responds to. They're not all I did in these polls about, like the one today. Now, the reason I'm doing the one today is because, well, first of all, I love going out to with my newsletter, because you know about us old facts. View support to ballot initiative that would allow slot machines and date and grad per mutuals. I see we got a very important story in the hairlard today. I know my good friend, Dick Finder, will be pleased to see this and all the other permutual people. S Education Secretary, back slot machine initiative for school funding. Warning that Florida's education system must find new money to avoid massive tax increases or risk slipping backward. Former State Education Secretary Jim Horn became the chief cheerleader yesterday for that gambler initiative that would allow mommy, date and grad county store open slot machines at permutual sites. Oh! Actually, if that happened, I might spend more time in town, you know what? You think? Nope. No, no. Financial pressures from the class size amendment. Oh, that's the one that the governor had that fat as governor had devious plans to circumvent. Financial pressures from the class size amendment, ballooning fuel costs and recent hurricanes have let some school districts with thread bear budgets or instead. And many should be expecting cuts unless the new revenues are generated. For incentives backing the amendment because slot machine gambling's already permitted in Florida, because the so-called cruisest know-where an Indian casinos and not licensed to regulate, the state don't collect a dime from them. Horn is being paid now by supporters of the amendment, and yes for local control, but would not disclose how much he was being paid. I would guess probably. Not turn in the end. If David Broward won a license competing gambling facilities, Horan said they state could capture the lost revenue help improve state schools. If approved proposed constitutional amendment four would allow a David Broward county to hold an election to offer by slot machines of existing dog tracks, Horst tracks and High-Live Frontans. Eat some one con at the front-time. Revenue raised from the slot machine to be taxed and directed away special education account early estimates said it would raise at least $438 million a year for schools. Almost half a billion. Four in a former state senator who served as governor of Jeb Bush's education that's fat as governor of Jeb Bush that lie on peace of crap. Education chief from July 2000 once you're August to deceive surprise friends in former colleagues with his endorsement of amendment four. When he was terminally Senate tax committee, Horan helped shepherd to steep tax cuts promoted by the governor and was hardcore against expanding gambling authority said now he believes gambling is no longer the critical issue. Kector and Revenue is from this conservative as mouth of your eyes. He said amendment four is about improving schools. All right. Anyway, here's the cool question. And we'll never get no $2,000 on this. I'll guarantee that because it's just not, you know, it's just an up to rally as much as they have pulled yesterday. Right. See what I'm saying? Do you support the ballot initiative that would allow slot machines to be in broader permutals? Got it. You support the ballot initiative that would allow slot machines to be in broader permutals. I got five choices for you. Yes, we need the money for education. Yes, it would be great for tourism. No, we have enough gambling already. No gambling is evil or I have no clue. Well, we have to have the clue this one's out there. They have no clue. I have no line. No life. They don't care that always has to be a category for them on every pool. We don't want them to feel left out. They already feel left out enough as it is. Be running. I've got the human race. Kind of like, yeah, like that. People are the periphery of human existence. Kind of like Robert the grim green for it. There's a passing example for it. Somebody who really considers himself to be like on the inside. He's really like, you know, on the outside looking into the aquarium. How's your angel fish doing by the way? I think no, I think it would be great for you to go out. Especially though, you got the Japanese exchange student. You got like, kid there. Go on and get a nice tank proper fish. No, that's all right. We live on the water. So we can go look into the, nah, nah, nah. I'm not talking about that. I'm talking about puppies and neon angel fish and kissing baramis and fashions. And then when they start swimming upside down, it's something you take back at your pan and talk about. Right. It was American fish that liked the swim upside down. Twenty-be four, eleven at five, sixty-w-two, a, m. This is one of those times when you might need help fast after hurricane Francis and Ivan and all these things. Thankfully, dialometres delivers the same day all across south of the world. Oh, my gosh. Do you not predict it? It's not real. I think, huh? Yeah. No, but I think that things going out. If I were clearance or duffer engineers, I'd be thinking real quick about replacing that processor. Anyway, thankfully, dialometres delivers same day all across south Florida. When you call one eight hundred mattress, you'll choose from the deepest and widest selection of the vetting all available for a same day delivery. Call one eight hundred mattress right now for factory direct prices and immediate delivery. You still picked the date and time for delivery to figure a schedule. And dialometres, of course, continues to be on time 99.7% of the time. dialometres right in the lower row Uno and customer satisfaction they were winners of the 2004 better business bureau local for its effects on support. When you call one eight hundred mattress, so choose from the complete line of all the top names in a business. They got them all, whatever you like. No offerings. They got silly, sir. The King coil Simmons, temper, pita can't even stirrens and banana sposter. If you're smart, you'll do what we've all been doing a QA. Make that one easy call, sit there on your ass. The easiest piece of shopping you might ever do. Save all that money from us going around those dating departments. You're just called 1 800 mattress or log on to their website, macros.com. 1 800 mattress that's 1 800 mA, TTR E S. You're not an extra show. You're not your morning simmeteer. You're not a smart, don't find a secret. You're a secret. No. You watch me the same God plus American and face using a G strength up there. I'll do it. This November, make your voice heard in a soothing and non-eventive way. This November, software I've devised. Hello, I'm Phil Collins. To the police, join me in my hubra, adult contemporary friends, and software up to foe, won't you? In their right glory. That's right, Phil. I'm Gloria Estefan. Get on your feet, come on and make it happen. Register the software for both today. If you stop paying attention to the issues about the same time, the stuff paying attention to the music. They knew it just the time for these idiots. It's software to evolve. Sir, my dear, he's rockin' from Goody in the Blow pitch. You remember me? Dad doesn't matter. As long as you remember, the software to vote. Don't you agree, Michael? Penny, un-micable. And if there's one thing a man loves more than a woman, which is right to express political opinions, it's outdated as he's chasing music so whether you're the Dennis' Office, an elevated to super-market oriented grandma's house. Get down. But not too loudly or witts, please. And register to... So, what the vote? 1045. Let's see. Let's take a look at that schedule. Here's that two. You can all kinds of good times. Go to TV, sir. I like the word. We got the mad dog at two. What it looks like on here. It's written in like ink. Oh, right. I love the strange typewriters from... I don't think they make it anymore. Ooh. More Howard David did for a clock. The champion. Because it was a dog dog dog. We go over, continues to be invisible. He's on a payroll, at least another week and a half or whatever. And we just can't get no information about that. Because basically, he does think parents both liar like crazy. I wonder where they caught that from. Marlon's on deck. See, that's a contagious kind of a thing. You know, line when the fish is rotten at the top. Or how's that single? Marlon's on deck at 630. 705. The Phlox at the Marlon's at P.B. Park, 80K for the baseball game. That's today's schedule. It's all printed on there like an ink, which is a pretty good sign. Well, part of it's a good sign. Part of it's a bad old man, I think. A bad old man. I got all kinds of stuff. We didn't take any calls at all. Did we yesterday? I don't think we took even a one. I don't recall. No, we didn't. I didn't have any time. We had an hour and fifty minute show because we had to ball games during one until, what? About 20-11. Right? And when I'm something like that, I'm very, very long time. Thank you, Howard. So, while we didn't have a time taking any calls. So, we'll interstrap you with those today because we got like three hours and 15 minutes almost, like a real show. Not quite. 560, 560. Count five 60 for right than singular wireless lines for any of those. I mean, a great callers out there who'd like to get in and have their voices heard. Four day and rather, four CBS. You know, I think CBS ought to be horse-whip. Not because they got the information wrong because basically the information was right. It's just the documents. Me or me not be accurate as far as legit. They just can't prove that they're legit, but they don't confuse the public with the facts. And isn't it? You see that there are a bunch of people in the Democrats and Republicans. Let's take a look at these script-gold veterans. There's no question that this whole thing has been coordinated on the line. They're all people on a Republican payroll basically who came up with a swift bow of veterans to the independent of this thing. What's that, Kari? They can't talk about what's really going on in the last four years. And it just, you know, was pointed out who these people really are in a slightly mainstream media like ignored it. Wow, we don't care about that. But now that CBS has got their ass in a frying pan again, just like they did with a Janet Jackson and Justin Tinkerbell booby of thing. Oh, Jay, well, look at CBS. We better fire old Dan Radar. He's only 72 years old. Let's end him out to pasture all the stuff of crap. Forget about the fact that the story is legitimate. And that the very secretary for the Lieutenant Colonel Nowvicees said, Oh, look, guess what, um, these all look like the original documents, but that's what I type in that basically says exactly what I wrote. Because it's true. Just, it's just astonishing. And then there's that self-hating, Fag Ed Cratch on CNN this morning, Democrat-Turing Bush supporter. And again, I'm assuming that's the Israel thing all over again, you know? Oh, especially in the high holidays. He's doing very David from WQA in Hello. Hi, right, how's point? What do you say? He said lighthouse point, but then he heard that. Well, lighthouse point. See. I think he was, uh, there it is. Oh, that's come. It's just relax. I don't know how to get it back, but this is not going to fly. Where did this come from all of us, I don't know where. We can't be problemless. It's like, it's better. It's going to get worse. It's going to blow out when in doubt, when in Duke, it's going to blow out. What have you ever heard of the piece of equipment getting better with it? Yeah, but it went away, see. It went away for a few days. And I'm not doing anything different, but it's, you're right, it's going to blow. It, um, not good sense. I think maybe you better get prepared there. Even our got to see. You know, it's Pagos. You have. Huh? Let's go to lighthouse point. That's right. Hang up on him. Why couldn't he say, well, I think he blew it out as well. I think even though I had his no effect on the compressor, because it was here. Huh? Oh, WDQA and hello. Hey, you do know the story of why Howard's not on the air, right? Why Howard's not on the air? I mean, um, you know, hey, The Humperia, what's the story? Well, he, um, he, um, criticized the owner of the Marlins personal life. Yeah. Such that, um, you know, I guess you can. We have a little problem. Let me ask you. What is it? Yeah, so let me ask you why I'm going to hit the head on the radio. Hey, I'm all for him. I think they've seen it. It's kind of down a little bit. I, I, I've already talked about that many times. And I keep trying to find out if there's something more to with the net, because, uh, if Jeffrey Laurie is going to decide who's going to be on the air on WQN, that we got real, real bad problems on his radio station. You're absolutely right. They've got to get so desperate. Hold on to the Marlins. Do you know, they'll lick his ass and they'll, you know, what? We'll still do. But he gets a really bad disease from that is what I'm hearing. Okay, thanks. I got a new trailer. We love to Humper on this show. Okay. We're all for the Humper. You know what I'm saying? If you like it, that was for him. Anyway, I can't see that. I was sorry, Joyce, I didn't really see that. You just thought I said that. What was I, I could hear you like what you're doing that thing. No, it was not doing that. And anyway, you know, just like me in Wayne, for example, now the, I was going to save this. Now this isn't where it is. Where the hell is that thing about the adult, a herd is the dolphin website. The fan forum. See, this is what you have. All you sports nerds out there, even those who just follow with casual amusement, who are really sports nerds. The pants are thing. Remember back when we very first came to Q and then I got sucked in that whole thing with Brian Murray and about Chris Moore and they had Chris Moore coming in on when Murray would have the coach show every week in the morning with the me fool and the little dog and guilty. Remember, go to Losin, so gone. And anyway, and they would screen the calls because they don't want to criticism about the BN and his broochering of the franchise. Well, I got into a big thing about that. And of course, so then we have the Wayne business with the dolphins and the fact that he's put together this embarrassing, I mean, a girls franchise that it were the coach who's obviously a born loser, a track record of losing, a close, at best. And then we got no quarterback who's even close to being qualified to start. And now there's no running back. Now that Ricky's gone off to the drugs in Australia, no offensive line. But other men, the defense by the time the fourth quarter comes as good as they are, they're out of gas. Kind of like steely Dan, it's the steely Dan defense. Remember the steel curtain and Pittsburgh, the Josh, I do. We got the steely Dan defense in Miami. By the fourth quarter, they're just way to pass out and they just can't stop a girl anyway. So that's the deal. So they're getting obviously a lot of heat from it because the action is at heat. A lot of a crap. So the Miami dolphin website removed the fan forum. This is what somebody emailed to us. It says you can imagine what people were saying. Here's the official dolphin reason for removing the fan forum. They send this out. After much effort in discussion, the Miami dolphins have decided to remove the message towards featuring the feature for Miami dolphins.com. We can no longer effectively manage these fan forums and present a product that is fan friendly. And for most of family environment, both important qualities are organized organization and the goals of our website. The message voice has been a website feature since the 2000 season. But we've encountered a wide range of problems. These include trolls, i.e. anyone who thinks they're dolphin suck. Sexual and you windows, i.e. that f**k sucker will never complete a pass. In these language, i.e. won't state you mother f**ker. Personal attacks on posters, i.e. are you comparing the dolphins to pay for its you f**k coal? In appropriate topics, i.e. 93 reasons and dolphins will go through in 13 and others. They list of complaints too long to mention. We've done our button. Is it you sure this is legit? No, i.e. no. Oh. Says we've done our best to delete posts that violate our code of conduct. And warn or ban the user posted them upon their discovery. Unfortunately, the volume of problems is such that we feel like we can better use our time creating and providing quality content. That will keep fans like yourselves returning to mommy dolphins.com. We appreciate your support of the Miami dolphins. I guess what you ought to do, maybe Josh been looking up now. Go to mymidolphans.com. Let's see if they have a full. And see if the fan forum of this message is on there because this is just an email. Somebody sent it to the last thing we need to disstage the game and I do mean again. The last thing we need is to get snuckered in by somebody who just demanded you to fix it. It might be another one of those CBS memos. Oh, see what I'm saying? The band rather check this out? It's fully bedded. Yeah. Or you found it my vet? The problem with America. Now whoever sent us into a shit the problem with America is stupidity. Well, all I can say about that is you are. That's so easy to write. There's a not saying we should be a capital punishment for stupidity. But why don't we just take the safety labels off everything and let the problem solve itself? In other words, if people want to send it a bunch of hostile and why shouldn't they be able to vent? Right? If people are pissed off and fired up, I think they have a legitimate reason to be pissed off and fired up. I mean, even when a casual sports fan like myself who's not obsessed. Not, I mean, even with a hockey lockout, it's not going to affect my life in the least, but you know who cares? It's a stage of the game. Overpaid dumb jokes. Now, that's legit though, because I pulled up the dolphin fan forum and it says that exactly right here. It says exactly what I just read. So thanks to whoever fastest to us or email that or dropped in the box or sizzled out of the door. Thank you very much because just goes to show you again the thin skin of the sports organizations. The panthers very very historically thin skin. The Marla and I don't understand the Marla thing now because some of us have been ripping the John Henry and Wayne before was John Henry. And I remember when David Samson and Delilah and Jeffrey Lourier first came to town. Right. Remember that? Yeah. And even when they won the World Series, they were making fun of Mike. We did it! Yeah, stuff like that. Where is the one where he says, we got to, we have a shot? No, where he says we won, we won the World Series. Where is that? Oh, I know what it is. Isn't that under David Samson? I mean, it's not really worth it. But the good part is we got to almost the whole show today. What is that under? I don't know. I can't find that. We do have a lot of fun if we have a lot of fun if we're expensive. And they're rightfully so. But the fact is that they've got a great lens to build a reasonable organization and be a legitimate Contender every year now. And they've got a real ball club. And they put a good product out there and people responded to them. They give away a lot of Boba Haddals. And it was not to like, you know? I'm going to see the email is correct. I think the person who sent it added the examples. So I'm going to print their response from their website and email that to you. Oh, I saw another. No, don't email. I just passed on it. No, but I'm going to post you with the emails. Especially during the middle of the show. Okay. I bet that. Please. Cracker, please. Do not be doing that. Anyway, it's pretty sad. Because the idea that people can express what they really feel and say what they want to say. It's becoming like an ancient history in the Moan America, even at the level of sports. And I think that the long-suffering fans who keep paying big bucks to go out there and subsidize and it often do have pretty good attendance in that massive stadium. I think that those people have a right to bitch and belly ach and they're expressive to them. But oh, we don't want to hear these things. And we certainly don't want to post them on there because they're very uncomfortable. And we even of course, they happen to be true. And we suck. And where those three wins come in from? How do I? Maybe you want against the bills I'm thinking. But we're also those other two wins going to come from. Think about it. 1056 and 560WD cream. We seem to be holding technically here. Okay. That thing is going out though. I want you to have like a conversation with clearance. Of course. So somebody who might do it. Great. I'm going to tell who might jump up to the engineer here or ship up directly to me. So the engineer can install it. Whatever we need. Get in touch with the engineer. Find out what we need so that we don't have this thing go out one day. And then. Oh, gee. And you. It was not all day today. Now Armstrong for the home day wants to clear their lots and sell off all remaining O4 is here just some of the great deals waiting on you. And O4 F150 pick up your pages to buck over invoice. U.O. for explorers just to dollar over invoice. Rangers, combat, toruses and focuses. All waiting for you just to buck over invoice only. At Armstrong for the home. Plus Armstrong for it offers more valued with little customers. We apply for it from Armstrong for you. Get their exclusive tires and batteries for life program. That is absolutely correct. The value you get at Armstrong for doesn't stop there either because right now they're giving you a free floor to some pass when they vehicle you buy. If you're pressed for time Armstrong for knows you've time is valuable. So give me a call 305 247 51 12 and even shop right over the phone. We'll even deliver that new vehicle to your massage probably your puppet head. Your house, your office wherever you hang an out Armstrong for the home. Stead locally owned an operated. They'll treat you just like family and I guarantee you. I bet your parents' life on it. You won't get a better deal on a for anywhere. No patent switch. No phone deals. That's Armstrong for to home. There were 3075 South-XU Highway just 20 easy minutes south of the eight 36. Check them on the web if you like at Armstrong cars.com. But better yet get your ass on down there. Travelable and save a lot. Zillions on that new Ford only at Armstrong Ford of home. All right. That's a real good one. What's up, Mark? What's up, Mark? What's up, Mark? What's up, Mark? What's up, Mark? What's up, Mark? What's up, Mark? What's up, Mark? What's up, Mark? What's up, Mark? What's up, Mark? What's up, Mark? What's up, Mark? What's up, Mark? What's up, Mark? What's up, Mark? What's up, Mark? What's up, Mark? What's up, Mark? What's up, Mark? What's up, Mark? What's up, Mark? What's up, Mark? What's up, Mark? What's up, Mark? What's up, Mark? What's up, Mark? What's up, Mark? What's up, Mark? What's up? What's up, going back home? No hope all of them are dead all of a sudden Just like they've got to go. Think they're a Bishop, here? Oh, Denise? What's up, Mark? Something's not worth watching. The Bible... I run to you, think you're scared of the child? I know Here's the world of exclusive community around your show. I have a very good authority from my close friend, the RIMMAN who knows his hockey crab man, he knows his crab. He says that the real reason he got the lock out and no season is here probably because of the new voice of the Florida Panthers. The embarrassment level was a little more than they were prepared to take. See what I'm saying? No. Well, what would you know? Anyway, here's the real thing. The facts are obviously with the best of intentions included some examples and embellished the memo. I want to make sure I read it from the golf fan forum exactly as it's written on here so that we at least we have any problems. You can see it the way right. When you go to the main page, this is right there front and center and then when you click on the forum link as if to go there. Yeah, he's something. You only see this same message. Oh my God. Wow. And then it ridices a golf fan forum after much effort in discussion. The Miami Dolphins have decided to remove the message boards feature from Miami Dolphins.com. We can all geographically manage fan of these fan forums and present a product of this fan friendly and promotes a family environment. Both important qualities of our organization and goals of our website. The message boards have been a website feature since the 2000 season but we've encountered a wide range of problems. They include trolls, sexual and new windows, and decent language, personal attacks on posters and appropriate topics and others. We've done our best to delete posts that violate our code of conduct and warn or ban the user posted in the pond that is discovery unfortunately, the volume of problems is such that we feel like we can better use our time by creating and providing quality content. We appreciate your support at Miami Dolphins. You know something after that's it. After reading this, I concur with them. Anyone want to know why? Okay, we went through it. Because we went through it with our chat room all boy, I'm going to tell you something. If you want to read a bunch of swirl 99% which had nothing to do with me, George, this show the radio station, it was just a place where a bunch of computer nerds just scream in each other and just act like a real loot. That was just a conduit. It was a Gary conduit for a bunch of misfits who were trying to say, I have no idea what we already knew that. So that's the deal with that. Okay, sounds like this is going to be okay. We may have some occasional blips during the show, but yeah, I wonder to those raspberries. And that was not a raspberry. It was a technical glitch. Yes, it was electronic. It's a bitch when you have a technical glitch. I'll tell you, okay, here's the deal. Do you support the parliament issue that would allow slonterschains in a permator lane browser? 165. Oh, yes, we need the money for education. 67. Yes, it would be great for tourism. 56. That's pretty good. That's like 74% plus right there. Yes. I have no clue, 18. No, we have enough gambling already, 15, or no gambling is evil. 9. Ha ha ha ha. Gambling is evil. Like thinking is evil, so let's close down all the bars. What are you saying? Let's close it all down. It's evil. It's bad for you. Let's close down the fast food joints. Let's close down the restaurants and don't serve the very finest of the quality ingredients. They have any added, there's chemicals, whatsoever. Let's take all of those things off the shelf in your grocery, so we have a lot of them for bottle water. Right? Right. It's pretty sad. And anyway, but that's the way it is. And that's pretty small percentage. 5.4% say gambling is evil. The evil doers, you're at the Kashemos gambling of a storm. Yeah, like Bill Bennett, for example. Michael Moore writes, I got so many these stories today. I just don't know whether I'm doing the right thing. Because the culture is so good. W.A. and Hull. I think. Yes, sir. How are you? Ray, how you doing? You picked me up cold. So why don't you? That's the way we do it. Let me tell you something. I'm in my car, so I can't focus, but I want to vote every sounding yes on your pole. Okay. Excellent. Thank you. You know, Neil, we have talked with you. He was in the official hate cold for the lemma. Had to be for a trip for a long time. And he too. You know, and, and, and, and no, Howard, if the one that's there in his place, they did the bulldozer. If that's disgusting, I mean, I cannot believe it. Hank Goldberg has forgotten more in his career than no Howard will ever know. Okay. Harrison. You know, he, he. You know what? And you know what he is. Harrison. What is what? Joe. It's that they're advertising hand shows fill on the radio station. Yeah, that really makes you wonder, you know. You know, I'm only there in Neil the mad dog and the hammer. What? No, that's all about. Yeah, we're hearing this going to be on. There was a spot. Your feet went football game on Saturday where it was just a spot for Hank show. He should have. Right. You know what, you know, if Hank, you know, if Hank does not come back on the air, shoot, all right. I'm going to go and jump and head quarters and jump off the follow. It's really. All right. I'll be right there with you, man. Watching. Have an eye. Thanks, but I have no eye. I have no eye. I was going to jump. I'm not, not that crazy. I said it'd be either watch. That if we find out when a QM van is going to be a tinted plus. No. Oh. See, look, I mean, I don't want to be one of those containers and liners. Nobody likes a win or including me. I don't like that. But you just reach the point where you get fed up. It ties it with his last caller was talking about this radio station. It's so shlock, so incompetent. So just we just don't care about anything except grabbing people's money. That's all we care about. Oh, you guys going there and just the big ratings, of course. Because we got to sell that, you know, yeah. Because they give us so much to work with. Not including the equipment here that's on a virgin like going out any minute. You would have thought that when we had that episode last week, an engineer came up here to find local engineer who really knows his father is great, who have to build a basically built this place by himself. You would have thought that when he said, well, and I know he communicated that to George Corso because he said it was going to do. But there's nothing. Nothing has happened. There's no new piece of equipment. There's no date for them to come in here and do anything. I mean, he came up here and looked at it and said, this thing is going out. It's on a way out. And it's the compressor. Now I can't turn it off. Now, not me doing experiment. Okay, I hate to do this on a year, but we're so bushly, anyway. I'm going to turn on the bypass on the compressor. Oh, I want to see. I mean, you can't hear me, right? Right. I want to see if it affects the rock solid. See, it only affects the microphone. Correct. Now, let me crack it up a little bit. Is that something any better? It does. This is, is it acceptable or is it because that's why it opened now? We can, if you crank your microphone wide open, it is wide open. Bring everything else down a little bit. Right. And then we can just open up your pot down here. The master pocket. You, that's what we're going to work out. No. Okay. Now, that was it. It was a bunch of time. That was just a test. Just, just to make sure. So it was, it was the worst we could improvise that way. Okay, just for the compressor off so that I can still be on a year and then we can hopefully get a fish within a month or two. I mean, I'm actually a fan. Even if it's something just as simple as this promo, which is look for the Korean fan, is there a time? Is it, no, yeah, it's, it's right now until the tickets are gone. Now, you just come down a little bit. It'll be, you know. No, no, no, no, no, no. It's a little bit too hot up over this. Don't be jumping in there defending them. Okay, you got no extra line with Miguel or one way or the other. It was, I mean, just looking at what they, are you okay? Trust me when I tell you that they didn't. I'd be very concerned about him. I'd be looking over my shoulder. Anyway, look, look, look for the Q of it. Now till when till the tickets are gone, is that a good bet or whatever? Yeah, that's a good bet. Just keep looking for it. Okay, and a lot of us are looking for it all the time. Look for the Qm fan right now. As I speak, it's 10 tech plus. I'm Northwest Corner, Coral Way 137th Avenue in Miami, where I'm not speaking English. I eat. Stop by to pick up a pair of tickets to the FIU Home Up and a this Saturday night or a pair of tickets to Knights, Marlins Game Against the Philadelphia Philly's at P.P. Park. So do it. Okay, right now it's 10 tech plus. Who's out there? Is it Frank? Is it Miguel? Is it one of our flunkies? Let's go with Frank. Let's go with Frank. What about flunkies? I don't know who that is. I see like have any clue what's going on or see. Purs. Yeah, okay, perfect. But he fits in great. Purs. We like that. Michael Moore. I think I'm going to do the break like maybe a scooch early, a tad. Okay. I don't have to do that because I can, this isn't that long. I don't know. I'll tell you how big you're going. How you doing? I don't want to. Well, I'm going to do the break. Okay. Michael Moore writes, put away your hankies on Michaelmore.com. I just, even though we got the day and rather stuff to talk about and all the young people registering to vote with sizing with Michael Moore writes and the carry on David Letterman and the CBS events to save great Policies got a great column. Of course, he's on the BBC because he can't say what he wants to say in America, the networks will put him on and he mentions that over and over again. The fact that that's why he's over with the BBC because America senses everything, the lynching of Dan Rabbers and even that column. I got a whole lot of stuff. We got the three presidential debates. The first of them coming on September 30th at 9 p.m. and that great bastion of higher learning and yearning, the University of Miami. We're Donna Shalayli is a pissed up. Oh, I guess what I saw in the newspaper here at the other day. I ran for the local sports station in the fan, you know what I said? What? We have balls. I bet you're Donna Furry. I bet you're Donna's getting the shares out right now. You're listening to Neil Rogers. I'm going to be a school assistant. On 5668. For you, A.M. I'm a father in the... Oh, I can't just give Stigens Stigens and Stigens Stigens and Stigens Stigens and Stigens Stigens Stigens Stigens. Stigens Stigens Stigens Stigens and Stigens Stigens. Stigens Stigens Stigens Stigens Stigens Stigens. Someone got a 13 minutes New year, when I told him well... and that the game here is filled with lot of links to his local soccer Dude. He's sharp orange, and looks at you and he's like outta shit. Hey, Dat's flower, and we can tell him what we're talking about. We are so tired and happy about your weekend. He has a lot of relationships with girls as he is- But if you found somebody, somebody, they know they did it. God, stick it in, call me for it. You're the part of it, you're the part of it. And somebody, somebody, somebody, somebody, You're the part of it, somebody, somebody, somebody. You're the part of it, somebody, somebody, somebody. Somebody, somebody, somebody, somebody. Somebody, somebody, somebody, somebody, somebody. Now it's reset, that was being told to not be able to help me draw this book. We're going to make sure to write this book for the time being. You can't ask more than ask me a question about a client that says, we're going to work on a course here at the Clue whatsoever. And last year, there just before she entered the studio, we're George Wissett. You just only moments before, we've learned those deals, we're, he had emitted a certain amount of noxious things. And I don't want him to be the maraudent detail, because Joyce is very, very angry and we answer we'll down to Shalee Lee. But he'd jagged, oh, yeah. He promised him I would very not just cheese, and as we saw, Berkeley came in and was swimming. I wondered why we said to short conversation with that I found out. Always a pleasure to have a brief conversation with Berkeley, because she's closed with anyway, and George wants to apologize. Now the fact that I just said you was not for on the year, that's for tomorrow. Okay, all right, just FYI, because I was so proud of myself for coming up with that. I thought you probably would be amused and interested in that. It is. We have a fine, it's a fine point. I think the audience will be clamoring to get on that pole to hop on that pole tomorrow. See, I could have put screw in on there, but you'll notice the offer to ward there. Worst as opposed to a most often. Okay. You see, there's an arm. Sorry, you must have dropped out or something. Oh. Michael Morris says, put away your hankies. He says dear friends, enough of the hand-wringing, enough of the doomsing, do I have to come there and personally come you down, stop with all that he feed is him. Okay, bush is a goner if we just put our whining and belly aching, stop shaking like a bunch of nervous nines. Jesus is embarrassing. Republican their laughing at us. You ever see them cry? Oh, it's all over. We're finished. Bush can't win. Why are you? Tell no. It's never over for them until last ballot is shredded. They're never finished. They just keep moving forward like sharks that never sleep always pushing, pulling, kicking, blocking, lying. Kind like Greg Reed. They're relentless. That's why we secretly admired them. They're just simply never give up. Only 30% of the country. Not totally. The opposite self Republican never publicans owned all the White House both House of Congress, they Supreme Court, and majority of government shifts. How do you think they've been able to pull off that considering your a minority? It's because they eat you and me and every other liberal for breakfast and spend the rest of the day we can have a con of planet. Look at us. What a bunch of crime babies. Bush gets a bounce after his convention, you'd have thought the Germans had run through Poland again. The Bushies are coming. The Bushies are coming. Yes, they caught curiously upon the swift vote thing. Yes, they found the frequency and danger in ran with it. Suddenly it's like the end is near. The sky is falling. How do you like that? Michael Moore is stealing our. Oh, well, I guess chicken little wants a piece of that action too. I'm saying. No, it's not. If I hear one more person tell me how loud you can to be. Carrie is and he can't win. Damn it. Of course he's loud. He's a Democrat for heaven's sake. The party is so pathetic. The even moves elections they win. What were you expecting? Bruce Frustine heading up to ticket? Bruce had to make a hell of a president. But guys don't like him. Don't run. Neither do you or I. People like Carrie run. Yes, of course. Any of us would rather have a better smarter kick ass campaign. Of course we just snack each and every one of those phony swift vote he bansched it down. But we are not running for president. Carrie is. So quick complaining and work with what we have. Oprah just gave three of her women a paniac. Did you see any of them frowning and mowing and screaming? Oh, god. Not a friggin potty act. Of course not. They were happy. Yeah. The paniac's all had four wheels and engine in the gas pedal. You want more than that. Well, I can't help you. I had a paniac once it lasted a good year and it was a very good year. My friends at his time for reality check. One, the poles are wrong. They were all over the map like diarrhea. I'm Friday one pole had forced 13 points ahead and other pole had the both tied. There are three reasons why the poles are BS. One, they're pulling likely voters. Likely means those who consistently voted in the past few elections. So that cuts out young people who are voting for the first time and a ton of non-boters who are definitely going to vote this election. Secondly, they're not pulling people who use their cell phone as the primary phone. Again, that means they're not talking to young people. Finally, most of the poles are weighted with too many Republicans as opposed to John Zymey review last week. You're being snuckered if you believe any of these poles. Two, Kerry has brought the Clinton 18 instead of shining Clinton as Gordon. Kerry decided not to make that mistake. Three, traveling around the countries have been doing a gotta tell you there's a hell of a lot of unrest out there. Much of it's not being captured by the mainstream press, but it is simmering in its real, Israel. Do not let those well produce bush rallies of angry white people. Kerry, a turn off the TV, except John Stewart and Bill Moors everything else is just a sugar-coated lie. Four, conventional wisdom says that the elections decided on 911 the fear of terrorism bush winds, but if it is decided on the job we're doing an Iraq then bush loses. And folks that job, you might have noticed, has descended into the third level of hell we used to call Vietnam. There's no way out. It's a full blow, and yesterday Craig Mire and the body bags will sadly only Mount Heier. Regardless of what Kerry meant by his original war, vote he ain't for what his synthos kids do their deaths, and Mr. and Mrs. Middle America knows it. At Bush father to show up when he was in the service, he might have somewhat of a clue as to how to recognize an immoral war that cannot be won. All he's delivered to Iraq was that plasticized turkey last Thanksgiving. It's this fate you're of monumental proportions that's going to cook his goose come this November. So do not despair, all is not over far from it. The bush people need to believe that it's over. They need you to slump back into your easy cheer and feel that sick pain in your gut as you kind of play another four years of George W. Bush. They needed to wish we had a candidate who didn't win surfing which just as far as we were when we knew Bush was long about WMD and said I'm planning on 11. It's like Carl Roe was hypnotizing you. Kerry voted for the war. Kerry voted for the war. Kerry voted for the war. Yes, yes he did. No sense in fighting it now what I need is sleeve. Wake up, the majority are with us more than half of all Americans are pro choice. Once struggle environmental laws are a poll that assault weapons are back on the street and 54% now believe the war was wrong. You don't even have to convince them of any of this. You just have to get in a way of hoping to ride to the polls. Can you do that? Would you just do that? Just for me please buck up the cutries almost back in our hands. Not another negative word until November 3rd. Then you can fit you out about how you wish Kerry was still at long here in kid. Who once had the courage to stand up for something. Personally, I think that kid is still inside him. Instead of the wailing and gnashing of your teeth, why not hold out a hand to him and help the intersoldier protestor come out and defeat the forces of evil. We now so desperately face. Do we have any other choice? Yours, Michael Moore. He is just the best. How important. And of course, they've very successfully tried him to. And the order. I think I have that column here also. About the New York Times are giving him a bunch of crap about this. So, well, look at that later. Case of a more versus the times. If we have times, I mean, time. See, I have a lot of, well, stack your crap or another way. Have almost the real show today. So, you know, right in a spruce if you call here in here, but I just got some heavy duty stuff and I'm thinking that maybe a few people. About 30 minutes. After in radio land, I'd actually care about these things with the election only six weeks from today. That is a scary proposition, right? Six weeks from today. How much a line nine has got something very important to say? QA and hello. It's just winter. It's winter. It's winter. But that's it. The best. These almost is going to be. The obugar is ready to point. And by the way, I'll present. They just spoke to be women. They're like a crying. Now I'm not sure what they're crying about. They're going down. I mean, can you imagine that? I mean, can you imagine the rest of the world watching and thinking this is the best and the brightest? This is America. No, they are. Oh, my. Carol. By what is wrong with some of you, people out there. This is what you want representing you. This younger head, this group, all who can't even spell us. I mean, get with it. And anyway, speaking of what Michael Moore just said about young people. Here's some good news. Porter registration drives into young people are turning 18 to 24 year olds into an important variable. Josh and your presidential election. And especially in the size of battleground states such as Misha again, we're nearly 100,000 young people of registered and recent months and in Wisconsin were the numbers are even higher. There are donations newest swing voters with poll showing their support for the major candidates as vaccinated and recent months. A Harvard University poll found that in a five month period, 19% of young potentiometers changed their minds about whom they'd support. It's a big population of fluid voters and they're largely unknown since Ivan Frishberg, outweighed in communications coordinator from the nonprofit new voters project, which has registered tens of thousands of young people across the country. Take Christian Wilson, a 23 year old in Perisburg, Ohio, and a 18 year old sister, Kellon, a freshman in Ohio State. Both have registered to vote, but neither identifies as Republican or Democrat, and they both take Newtown to setting food of vote for. I think people underestimate people our age, Kellon says, and they shouldn't. The candidates have made some attempts to reach out to college students and other young people. The Bush campaign has a weblog that includes Barbara and Jenna's journal, detailing the president's daughter's campaign exploits. Democrats on Kerry made a campus tour last spring, recently appearing comedy sentals of Daily Show, and of course last night was on Letterman. And the political party is using volunteers and paid campuses to register young voters get them to the polls, but the attempts can sometimes fall flat. Some of it feels very awkward young people like the candidates are trying to arts a gene, eyes, nerve, author of the new book. Oh god. Jane, what is it? I heard. Author of the new book, taking back the book, getting a mercenessive involved in their democracy. Other times young people feel ignored since Stephen Lucas, high school junior in Leachburg, Pennsylvania. I haven't heard any serious talk about college tuition even people are age, mentioned, so Lucas, or so the group called Freedom's Answer to Get Upper Classman, and Interested in Voting. Go to talk about rock to vote. One political scientist said he's the first input to see what happens this time. Minnesota and Hantron Wisconsin were voters converged to our election day. That has shown that young people are especially likely to take advantage of same day registration. Stephanie, come our way. Recent graduate at University of Florida and gains the lot to not to vote in 2000. Say, should we want to let those young people get to the polls number two? She has many motivators from 9-11. The war in Iraq where she has a cousin fighting, appears where she's still looking for jobs. She I wonder who she's going to be voting for. Before I thought of politics as a game, since come our goal of 22 is registered in Broward County. Now I realize you have to play the game if you want to make it different. You will run your country. Who is this like you? I'm by six and six and eight and. The story of you now very certain to make our lives are true. I've got a day so long. And by the time I go out. Say, true. In the shower. Say, true. But take it up out to you. Here we are. Take the soul to you. Be well. I'm a guy. Which has the same idea. But the other part is spread. I'm dying of him. I'm a step in his mind. But we can learn. There is a thing. You're in the watchers and he's not far from you. Where I see you. You're the shadow. Here's a thing for you. You won't need a doubt. You're the shadow. You're the shadow. I'm a 32 and five and 60 WQM. I'm a 32 and five and 60 WQM. I'm most another little glitch in there again today. Do you hear that? Yes I do. This is the little teeny tiny. I'll take care of that later on. I'm a 3299 votes on it. So if I was pretty impressive if you asked me because I didn't think this was all that sexy and said, you like tomorrow's pool is going to go through the roof. You'll see tomorrow we're going to get a phenomenal response. We might just blow the whole thing out. If this compressor don't blow it first. If you had any response on that is George Corso coming in. I don't know. I'm always going to go tell Josh. The program director. Right. And his tourist closed. Well don't forget he had come in early this morning to censor. I mean to a bleep on the floor. Howard Stern show. He's that big of a there. Put his finger on it all morning. 299 votes. Do you support the ballot in an issued a that will allow us. Lama machines and date and Howard per mutual. Okay. It's kind of a lock. Two and three votes now. Yes. We need the money for education. 146.5%. Well I sure wish that this were indicative of the whole state and what the thing is going to be about no number. But all then young and keep in mind this is only for date and Howard. The whole state's been a benefit for education. So why in the world, but anybody except the course to Bible, Thoupers, Nihon, who's and the people who hate Jews and Cubans and darkies and whatever else. And the old people. The old people. Yeah. Yeah. Now people old people. Yes. We need the money for education. 141. Yes. It would be great for tourism. 90. Another almost 30%. Right there. But that's 76. I know we have enough gambling already 28 and no gambling is evil 15. 4.9%. Gamble is evil. It's nasty. And of course, the hell in the Sun sent a label on it. I've nicknicked yours and don't want it. And because that in the first with his cruise ships and the ability is got to get all your suckers on those stupid ass ships out there. So you can go there and just hand over his money where you have no chance to win. And you get seasick in your wife gets raped and you get the peeping your gut self stuff like that. And the book gets unfair and you get lost on the middle of her cane. Little minor things like that. But occasionally happen. I'm going to cruises to hell. But nevertheless, and of course our girlfriend's in Bahamas. Oh, you think they had source for the hurricane? Yeah, man. They got real tourists for this because that would basically I think put them out of business. Right? Don't you think? I don't say. What person in their right mind would go to the Bahamas for that 10th world of ambiance in that 20th world service? And when you could come to South Florida and go to, uh, because, you know, of course this is only slots not even mine. It's not the focus, you know. Right. And I realize that only us old fangs are going to be slots. Right. And I know ladies right. You are so honest touch with reality, man. You just have no clue. But that's okay. You keep talking about it. Just like all that business about glory, holes in highly at Westland. Although, although, you are people, because you're drilling them right now. In fact, I hear that that's where I'm up is today. He's helping a few things up with our friends at Burdine. And what does that deal about Burdine? Isn't going to be Burdine's anymore either? That is correct. What is it going to be? Well, then the Macy's merged as you know. So now it's just going to be Macy's. Oh my God. Well, guess what? I'm not the, if I'm near, I'm never going to be sharp neither one of many way. Because I've got Burdines and Macy's always been over price. So you put that and Burdine's also over price. Yes. Come on. Bring back Jordan Marsh. One time. Captain Byrnes. Now, it's an outie here. It was a slacks. You can eat eggs in old Byrnes. Or there's. Yeah. Oh, there you go. That's classy. That's classy. Hmm. I'll bring back that classy camard out there by the sodress. Not. 567.0560. I want to introduce first a couple of calls. And you're going to make the audience think that we really want to get some calls one year. Yeah, they might have something to say. We had a couple of good ones already, right? First of all, last year. 567.050560. And pound 560 in the Verizon singular wireless lines. And so far, just the only had like couple of. Couple of farce there on the year. I'm just a joyous thing to have you about the equipment for it. Dude, I can't control that joy. I'm sorry. I wish I could. Because it puts a real scary to all of us when that thing starts like that. And then I bang on his counter and magically comes back. That's a negative way. Huh? That'll put it up. Yeah. Especially when you're talking about screw-in. WDQA and hello. Golden triangle on 441. Now we're talking some real heavy duty class. What about Jefferson's? Oh, Jim. Oh, Jim. It was all right. It was a little bit. It had its moments. In fact, Jefferson's was words, right? Was Jefferson word? You're right. That was back in the day when I was collecting credit cards when I was a KT. I don't know what it is, but I was making about 50 bucks a month or something. I mean, almost nothing back then. I think it was 225 a week. Kind of like what Josh is making now. And I somehow got my very first credit card. It was in a mercury-spressed green card. George, yeah. Got his green card and I got mine. One of my was a mercury card. I was my first visa. And all of a sudden I started applying for credit cards. And low and behold, I was getting my Jefferson's credit card. And my J. Byron's not the mention of credit card. My Jordan Marsh, my bird-on, my JC Penny, my American Express school card. My, and then I did a show on time. I think I thought it was. I said my guest was a. He's a guy who claimed to be in the, he didn't claim he wasn't a Guinness book a record for having more credit cards than anybody. But in the world he brought him in. You know, hey, you have like stamps and an album or coin. Yeah, and album. He had his credit cards and an album. And there were hundreds and thousands and zillions. I mean, and when I opened up my wallet, and I showed him, I forget which one it was. I think it was either bird eyes or one of those. No, it was the Jordan Marsh. And he went, spastic. Oh, I don't have that word. Why get my application. I don't have that word. Yeah. He even had a mortgage credit card, which is good. And this was back in 1976. 10 grand on your credit card as a down payment on a mortgage. I think like that. Wow. That's more money than you making two years for credit card. Now of course, I mean, diamond does. And you got like drawers full of credit cards. They send you credit cards whether you want them or not. If you're dead or alive, make some difference to them. They're only charging like 98% interest. Come to QA and hello. WQM. Hello. WQM. Hello. Forge. It's a total of 30. Somebody wake up, Alfred. And we're going on here in 21 minutes. WQM. See, I'm totally these calls are good. WQM. Hello. Hey. Oh. WQM. Hello. I mean, hey. Yeah. Hey, what's going on? Remember, remember, best stores? Best stores. No. Best. No, remember those. Okay. Let me ask you a question. When I want you to learn a name behind the batter, they're already asking for a yes on an amendment something. Does that do with the stadium itself? Oh, yes. But amendment number whatever it is. I haven't got any idea. You haven't even seen that yet, huh? No. Never heard of that. And then the last thing is, I listen to Stern. I listen to you. Don't worry about whatever time sure goes off. I'm always here for you. I'm going to tell you. I'm not telling you. Somebody will know about that to deal right. I suppose. Maybe you got to tell you what's in it. You know what this all about? What did he say? He said it's 20 to Lunar QA. I'm time for this. Your signature new runner. Money in the permanent republic, baby. Only in Miami. Only in Miami. But in the heat thatatorio a guy. What's a grenade. His skin's full on ice. God's gonna go away to prevent him. He never just sat, he never took a picture. But he knows champagne, we're the strawberry in it. God's got everything, he's just a couple of looms in it. God's at him, a fiscal buy a Christmas tree. I guess he'll be there on, I'll go on a kill and scream. Let's go to bed, let's go to bed. Oh yeah, I'm married, you. For first days of the little thing, I'm gonna be here to you. Oh yeah, I'll be here and there. Should've gotten over that, I'm not gonna stand over it. And I'm gonna be, I'm about to remember that. Two of them is for me, but that's not. I'm dying out of here. I'm 45 at 5.60 WQAM, so Sean is a chronic factor, but hasn't been around for a while. I'll make sure you're a resurgence here. I'll come back, says after the news from Iraq, and I almost forgot to mention about the guy that the American head chopped off like he took out a crane. He says him on the verge of be hitting myself. If only we had an amendment, I'll line gay marriage to solve all our problems. Because this EVA documents are in question, this is absolute proof. The GW busher of honorably and soberly in the Vietnam era. Just like pork love fitting was absolute proof that OJ was innocent. My planning for better days gone by, I promise me to recommend the following pull categories from Sean, chronic factor. He's got some good, the pulls here. I'll say that, I want to, you know, just form there. Do you think it's pretty good? Indeed. Not too bad. Carry does Dave, oh we can't say that. Joyce will be really porked off. Oh can't say that either. Democrats John Kerry's Oak Monday on the late to a date with Letterman about changes under President Bush's task plan, including the advice present, Vic Cheney can claim the present as a dependent. Besides reading his top 10 list, Kerry also quote, Fundabee Tegu's debate negotiations between the rival campaigns that ended agreement Monday. Kerry said he wanted running right on it, which sustained in the vice presidential debate, but Cheney wanted to sit. We compromised and now George Bush is going to sit on Vic Cheney's lap he said. Kerry's interview with Letterman wasn't all jokes. The Massachusetts senators spent much of his appearance discussing serious topics ranging from global warming to the heading of American hostage in Iraq. He talked about what he thinks the president's gone wrong in Iraq and what changes he would make his commander in chief. Kerry appeared on the CBS show on the same day that Edward Coppavlogger is from broadcasting the story questioning Bush's national guard service. He joke about CBS's credibility when Letterman asked if pull members can be believed, depending on which network it is we can. Kerry said to the chuckle. Kerry's top 10 list of tax proposals number 10, no estate tax or families with least two US presidents. Number nine, W2 forms now W2 form. Eight, under the simplified tax code your refund check goes directly to Haliburton. Seven, reduced earned income tax credit to so unfair which just makes me want to tear out my list of this fondly groomed here. Six, the trade general John Aschrop gets to write off the entire US constitution. Five, taxes ranges can take a business loss for trading semi-soso. Four, it'll eliminate all income taxes just as Theresa Heinz carried a cover the whole damn thing. Three, chain-econclaimed Bush's independent, two hundred dollar penalty for pronounced nuclear instead of nuclear, and one, George W. Bush gets to the induction for mortgaging our entire future. That's pretty good for John Kerry. What a rote that. He's just so sure as I won't hand. Anyway, the guy was asking about some of the sign I must be behind a plate at PB Park. Yes, about vote. You know what it is, though. Oh, George must know what it is. What's the sign say behind the thing vote for proposition that what embarrassed is dating or something? I've heard of it. What year, two busy up there, who haven't even raised hand, trying to motivate and animate him, so you have time to be. We didn't stuff like that or having somebody we did to you. Five, maybe somebody you are in, so no, it's 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, and the Verizon and singular wireless lines. Firstly, since the calls are so good today, you know? They will be our spring again. W. K. W. M. Hello. Hey, Neil, I was just behind 7 or whatever, and I got a fire in my mouth. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. I'm sure that's not the only thing from the sound of it. Oh, that was tough. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 6, 50, 60, on the Verizon and singular wireless lines. W. K. W. M. Hello. It could be a good thing. W. K. W. M. Hello. Greetings. How are you? Okay. I hope they all raise the power to this course here. The amendments are talking about the amendment number four, and I don't know specifically what that covers. I'm talking about today about the slot machines that the affirmatious. Oh, it is. So either they bought the space or Jeffrey Luria is showing even more signs that we should be a plotting. I find that hard to believe. Why would they be doing that? Maybe, maybe I guess maybe it's an ad. Is it like an ad that they bought on the sign? Yeah. It's that ad thing behind the eerie. Yeah. It shows on TV, which means me, although they've been showing the ad on tax. Oh, my god. Can you believe that buddy buddy is going to have a nervous breakdown? Well, that's right. He don't own tax anymore. I think he sold it and we see or something. I, yeah. I don't see that being a real family outlet anymore. There's some candy check news and I think it's very large profit by the way. I'll give you everything else. Well, I remember our dismantled IOD. There must be a god because a god would protect an idiot like him and his business feeling so good. Have a great day, pal. You too, sir. Thanks to the info. So there's the answer as an ad. It's one of those, in fact, they have the ads that change. You know, behind the, on the signage thing, right, on the plate and around the, on the fences. And that's one of them. Vote for a prop, which is on the poll today. Isn't that, uh, propitious, huh? That the guy called an, that, asked about that. And I'm sure there are a lot of people who don't know about what that is. And many people, they go vote, especially during presidential election. They vote for president. Maybe they vote for a couple of other things, but they like the Senate race. But that's about it. They don't vote for the proposition because the only proposition they're hoping to get is behind 711. Or maybe behind the train station. There are an Amsterdam, beside behind central station. You're supporting a valid initiative that were lost slot machines at the, in Dane Barred Permituals 302 votes. Any two bad, you know, 380 and 2. Yes, we need the money for education. 174 or 45 and a half percent. Yes, it would be a great for tourism. 118 and 30.8 percent that 76.3 percent. I have no clue. 36. No, we have enough gambling already 37. And no gambling is evil. 18. 18 out of 397 people. 4.5 percent say gambling is evil. It's bad. And all those people are going to become a positive gambling. Also sick and tired of that crap, you know what? Anybody that wants to lose their money. They go out and buy his Indians a lot of reticulous. They go to the track. Right. And anywhere they want, lose their money. There is no dollar gambling in the state of Florida, man. I don't know any other state in America. Correct me if I'm wrong. Because I always make a lot of bad mistakes. Correct me if I'm wrong. Is there any other state that has as many different per mutual as Florida? You've got three of red racing, harness racing, dog racing, high-ly. All of these things. All of these things. That's what I just said. I am already in the state that's got all of them. I mean, they got dog racing and Massachusetts and down in Arizona. But I don't think they got high-ly. Right? No, I don't think so though. No, I'm pretty sure of it. I mean, high-ly is pretty much vanishing anyway. But so you've got more different opportunities for people who lose already. And of course, then don't forget about the Indians, which was in that story that I read before. The Indians already have. So what difference does it make what kind of slot machines they are? And if you've got to play bingo on top of the machine. I mean, what difference does it make? It's just a matter of semantics. But then again, our fan asked Governor Oliver, who is the right wing Bible-thumping hypocrites for a bunch of thieves, a band of thieves and flanderers. You know, they don't want to have that bad stuff because it's evil. 560, 560, 560, 560, the Verizon and singular wireless lines. W2A and hello. Hello, Neil. This is on the front desk. W2A and hello. Yeah, let's go to Neil. Speaking. Neil, Bob, yes, how you doing? Why are you asking a question about the B2Curth? Yes. We were chatting yesterday and we're wondering how can you know not talk to the pictures? How's that up there to get your own blog? That's why. Okay. That was a George. Yeah. Okay. We covered that over and over again. Are we with a blanket? I bet you don't ask, I'd like to cover. That's why he's peering down on it. He wants to get that blanket and cover it up. Just like a nude statue. I mean, seriously, I was just, I was saying it's good before the show today. It's true. The things that are going on, the, it's just mind boggling the way the mainstream media just sucks up and sucks up and they gloss over a matter of what their list. Nobody's even talking about who the outed Valerie play many more about how that came. Obviously from inside the White House and about Joseph Wilson was getting paid back and Yadiyati. Yadiyati because he told the truth about the fact that there was no Yerwainiam and Yadiyati. I just want after another doesn't have the swift mode. Better with the whole deal cooked up by the bush people on the inside and bush is all I have to do with that. And it doesn't just devout a rating. Get them to do with that. And then of course the whole deal now attacking Dan Ratter because, you know, the memos may or may not have been the original. Of course, what was in there, the content was accurate, but don't confuse them with the facts. So let's bring out crusty old fag crotch on there who now is the turncoat because who knows what it is. Because it's the high holidays and he's a, hey, we got a bad bull of Hall of R or something. First of all, and you don't eat Hall of R at a bull, shmuck, but at any rate. And what, where is it? Where is the freaking truth already, huh? We'll see it on TV. The Dan Good thing we got the internet or we wouldn't have any hope. That's for damn sure. Here's some videos in Illinois. Okay, people say Illinois. Yes. Emnoisly. Rising democratic star, Barack Obama, is poised to counts. Lake cover the born again, Bible thumping, Allen keys, Illinois Open US Senate seat by an unprecedented three to one ratio. Obama, a state senator from Chicago currently enjoys a 45 point lead, 68 to 25 percent over the obnoxious, highest Bible thumping, Lunatic Allen keys, according to a new polling figures released on that by the sin was posted in the dispatch and came of TV. Teases a conservative right wing Bible thumping, Lunatic radio talk show, hothin one time presidential hopeful, for recently moved from Maryland to seek to see vacated by representative Peter Fitzgerald. I can't remember the last time he had a gap like this between two new covers. Usually when he had this kind of a gap, it's the popular income against the sacrificial land. This may be unprecedented, said, they'll alie. Uh-oh. The head of research 2000, the Maryland based from the conducted the poll, Bayhandered likely voters, the margin mirror three and a half percentage points. And you know, there's how many schmotha heads are popping up all over the place. Nice. Nice. Yes. It's it. Now we're going to take it's lost out there at the ten-tech plus or not. I'm sure that we must. They will tell us when they read our, that's why I said that. Don't forget the QM fan right now is waiting for you. Ten-tech plus on the Northwest corner of Crowell, 137 five hundred and minigame. Stop by the way, a pair of tickets. Ask the little for you. You don't even have to spin the dealer to anything. Just pick up if I, you homelopener tickets for this Saturday night or pick up a pair of tickets to the nice Marlon's game at the pro with the anxious, Philip and Alphi of Philly. You can't even rush it. And scoosh it like you're on five six. You can't even do it. This is Mark Morgan is the 12-to-one hour on QA-down. Oh, it's right. There needs other seats that we're lacking in football. Hey, bro, thought I had lost that goal. Can you buy the phone? Who's saying that? Every set is the one we get. Now that I've only won. We've to go. Don't panic about the shootdown. You got it. Now that I've put you in the safe, you got it. You got it. You got it. You got it. You got it. You got it. You got it. You got it. You got it. You got it. You got it. Boy, Dave Heizwetter, pretty good column in the Sun Sentinel Day of ripping the dolphins in Asked the organization from top to bottom. I'm not going to read it on the ear because it's too a sportsy for us. Okay, we just, but we can read off the dolphin site. Yeah, it's on the fan form. That's bad. He didn't use any of them words by the way, even say, although I'm sure he wanted to. But you might want to read them. I want to check it out. I always on Sentinel. Or you can just go online and read it for a free instead of buying that crappy newspaper. Wait till you hear this. Not that we're panicking or anything like that. And by the way, I think they've got to give us an misinformation, even though he met well. Although maybe there are two different things that they're obliged on those ads because they have those changeable ads on the board, I believe. Okay. But before that. New Midwest Airlines canceled a flight ready to take off for San Francisco today after a passenger found Arabic style handwriting in the company's implied magazine and alerted the crew. Honey like that. Oh my god. The plane carrying 118 passengers and five crew members had already pulled away from the gate at Mitchell International Airport. Oh, this was last night. Or Sunday night, well, they're sure slow and get them out and tell them a story. And returned the gate to passengers got off security authorities were notified all luggages with check the aircraft was inspected. Nothing was found. The passengers were put up in nearby hotels. Go back on a flight yesterday morning. The writing was in Farsi. The language used in Iran. The airline's postman Carol Smornika said he said she didn't know exactly what the writing said, but was similar to a prayer, something of a contemplative nature. Like kind of like, oh, good. Yeah, I think that's what they wrote in Farsi. She just CNN's a little bit slow on the update. They just put that in just graphlessly put that on their website and it's like here from Sunday night, schmucks. So here's the facts on at this sign that everybody's so whipped up about all two people. On the fast off of the Marlins game, this is from KP of CG Coral Gables. Ninety-date County is asking for support of the General obligation bond special election on Tuesday, November 2 by Potomus the $680 million obligation bond. $680 million dollars. The bargain. A rich 50 million or $7.5 percent will be allocated to renovating the existing orange goal. 50 million. That's right. Renovation of the existing orange ball for the UM Hurricanes while at the same time nearly the same location to build a new baseball state into the Florida Marlins. That's what I figured I'm gonna have to be, which will cost everyone much more in the short term and much much much much more in the long term. Suggestion says KP building one state of the art facility. Now, it's absolutely reminiscent of the existing older orange ball that is to be used by both UM Hurricanes and the Florida soon to be Miami Marlins. Well, that makes a little bit too much sense. That would be like having one arena for both hockey and basketball. We would want to do that because Wayne Heisenga and the McEars in Haiti said like poison. You think the public hates either or both of them. They hate each other like poison. That's what I was resolved. Oh no, we're not gonna play on the same thing. All of that other crap. Not to mention, I don't play this often enough because we're always talking about people who lie and talk BS. I'm gonna tell you something right now when you can market that. If Howard County would change their mind and decide they want to build this facility, I will not play here. Because I will not have you guys looking at me for the next ten years saying, here's a guy that said one thing and went out and did something else. Right, how's that plot first? You're part of it by the way. Wayne, that's what it's all about. He's stating problems for the Marlins. How's that plot? Anybody see the horror bar? He's right. He's right. The arena that you weren't gonna play in. And then of course one of Solma franchise to a real stiff their Alan Cohen. They don't say the Panthers any money because they're gonna be no hockey season. And the national post I read this morning that the odds, the bookies are already taken odds. Three to one against any chance of any. Any Chelsea's. In other words, people are hoping for a short in season like the last lock out in 1994 and 95 people that are hoping well January they'll finally make some concerns cave and we'll have a short in season. Go look to good. So if you want to go ahead and hand them over your money, find they'll pay a couple of percent something like that. You gotta plenty of spare cash on here. So here we go. Here's the Obam Shills supposedly that the bloggers are all peeing in their pants and all over each other about. CBS admits mistake over memos in Bush military report. The CBS television network apologized saying it had arid in using dubious documents in report that cast outs on prison, drugs, web dubuishes, Vietnam, air military service. I want to say personally and directly I'm sorry and emotional Anchorman Dan Rathers said, oh no, Dan's getting emotional again now. Next thing you're always gonna be losing. Who's busy? John P. E. And emotional Anchorman Dan Rathers said after highlighting the network's regrets for using the documents which alleged that portion received preferential treatment again but takes to their national guard which we all know is through anyway. There's no doubt about it. We can no longer vouch for their authenticity rather said it was a mistake. CBS news deeply regrets it. Almost as much as we regret Janet Jackson flipping her booby out to America because every now and then I'm gonna get sidetracked soon. I'm gonna go into one of that thing we're discussing for the show with Troy Strathard. And the fact that everybody knew how to use camp believe that we can't play fart sounds we can't say that we can't say, oh man. And that's not a figure of speech they don't believe it. They don't believe it. They think we're doing it or making it up. Like we want to um, Romance stuff from our show just for what would be the purpose to generate hype and controversy. Oh yeah sure. Well, persecutor that you know it's the right way. We'll make it about 70% of the comedy list that we can't play anymore because it creates so much controversy right. Yeah. What's the idea of psychosing with no? Is that your mistake that they're doing on the air? Those two elders who guys probably really like each other in the air and the mo. Don't go to the door. Right. See me as heavy should have stayed in early on today apologizing for using documents without fully checking their veracity. The acknowledgement is the major embarrassment for the network which for the past week had sought to stand by the report. Despite growing pressure to admit it may have been misled as the documents. The memo is allegedly written by League Lieutenant Colonel Jerry Kelly and Bush's commanding officer in the Texas National Guard in the 70s. Suggested political pressure was exuded in the sugarcoat the president's future president service record. The 60 minutes report also charged that Bush's family connections had secured as a government of the National Guard unit, opposed to that effectively stirred him active duty in Vietnam. And of course we all know even though he wanted to night in the back of their mind we all know somewhere in our mind if we have one that it's true. Soon after the report aired, questions are raised over the authenticity of the memo is with numerous experts arguing the typeface that have been produced only by a modern day word processor, not Vietnam were error typewriters. Hayward insisted that 60 minutes had full confidence in the original report at the time of its broadcast. However, further forensic investigation as well as an abuse wither voitings that all three of its most important documents being made atまで of the Cuba Negois. The awful fact about indicating that he is the chief of the Navy Government of America for hers and our house.] Sure. Fourth and third time as well the eye for information and properties. The most basic news is53 copies of the book. You can't complain about the work in media because generally speaking there is none, there must alone take care of our subcups. Perk at originally said he obtained an documents from another former guards, but now he says he got them from a different source, which was connected to the documents and identity, CBS News is unable to unable to verify this point CBS said. The network said it was commissioning an independent review of the process by which the report was prepared and broadcast to help determine what actions need to be taken. The White House said it appreciated CBS's expression of regret, but added there was still the issue of who the real source of the documents was. Well, there's the issue of the real source about the outing of battery plane. So I'll tell you what, when they tell us who did that, then we'll tell them who was the original source of the documents, okay? Since that was a high crime, the releasing of the outing of battery plane, and I'm only put her life in jeopardy, but the lives of many other CIA operatives as well. I just mentioned that in passing since the media figures that small potatoes we hear nothing about that no-malt. Shut up, honey. Right. Right. Policed one of our very favorite writers. For worse, for the BBC, in the movies, in the movies, in the movies, for the BBC is because the American Networks will put his material on the air so he works over there with all them linies. The lynching of Dan Rather. He says it's that fear that keeps journalists from asking the toughest of the top questions, the aging American journalist, holding British television audience. In June 2002, Dan Rather looked old, defeated, making a concession he'd dare not speak on American TV about the deadly censorship and self-sensorship, which had seen US newsrooms. After 911, the news on the US tube was bound and gagged. Any report who stepped out of line he said would be, professionally lynched is on American. That's on American. It's an obscene comparison he said that there was a time in South Africa when people would put flaming tires around people's necophate descended, in some ways the fear that the fear is that you'll be necklace tier. You'll have a flaming tower of lack of patriotism but around your neck. The US reporter who values his necophory will bore in on the tough questions, rather said. Dan said all these things to British audience, however back in the USA he's smothered his conscience and told his TV audience, George Bush is the president he makes the decisions he wants me to line up just tell me where. During the war in Vietnam, Dan's predecessor with CBS ordered Kronkite as some pretty hard questions about Nixon's handling of the war in Vietnam. Today our sons and daughters are dying in Bush wars, but unlike Kronkite Dan could not and would not question George Bush, top gun fighter pilot, our maximum beloved leader in the war on terror. On the British broadcast, without his network mind or stupid, you could see Dan's seeding and deeply unhappy with himself or playing the game. What is going on, he said, I'm sorry to say is a belief that the public doesn't need to know, limiting access, limiting information to cover the back sides of those who are in charge of the war. It's extremely dangerous and cannot and should not be accepted, and I'm sorry to say that up to including this motive is an interview that overwhelmingly it's been accepted by the American people and a current administration rebels in that they relish and take refuge in that. Dan's words had a pointed personal ring for me he was speaking on news night BBC's Knightley Kronkite's program, which broadcast my own reports. I don't report for BBC this by the Statue by Choice. The truth is that if I want to put on a hard investigative report about the USA and the Knightley News, I have to broadcast an exile from London. For Americans my broadcast their stop at an electronic Berlin wall. Indeed Dan is in hot water for report on my own investigative team, put in Guardian papers, and on BBC TV years ago, way back in 1999 I wrote that former Texas Lieutenant Governor Ben Barnes and put in the fix for Little George Bush to get out of name and into the Gare Guard. What is hot news this month is that the USA is a fival of the year old story in the rest of the world, and you still wouldn't see it in the USA today, except that Dan rather with a 60 minutes producer finally got fed up and ready to step out of line. And as Dan predicted, he stuck out his neck and a cut shot dog. His Majesty's report accurate is George W. Bush a war hero or a privilege little shirker in chief. Today I saw a goofy two-page screen that watched and post about a typewriter used to write a memo with no significance to the drag dodge story. What I have ever read about my own factories media is about two crucial documents supporting the VBEACVS story. The first is Barron Sign and sworn effort to attach this court from 1999 in which he testified to the airguard fixed, which got Texas Governor George W. Bush given the opportunity to find a challenge. And as a second document from the files of US Justice Department again confirming the story of the fix to keep George's white bottom out of Vietnam. That document shown last year in the BBC television documentary Bush Family Fortune's correctly identifies Barron's as the bag man even before his 99 confession. At BBC, we also obtain a statement from the man who made the call to be airguard general on behalf of Bush's Barnes Request. Want to see the document I've posted it here and it's the story's on our website, the lynching of Dan, whether you can click that on and show you the document. This is not a story about Dan Radder, the white millionaire celebrity can defend himself without my help. This is really a story about fear that stops other reporters in the US from following the evidence about this administration to where it leads. American news guys and news girls practicing their smiles adjusting their hairspray levels, bleaching their teeth and performing all the other activities that are at the heart of US TV journalism will look to the treatment Dan Radder and say not me, babe. No questions will be asked is then, predict unless they risk necklessing and their careers as news actors burnt to death. Right squared, class for the BBC. So if you want to truth, start reading the BBC website in the Guardian and the Independent of the United States or just travel abroad and then you find out why the overwhelming majority of people around the rest of the world are, like the George W. Bush and this whole deal here. They just don't get it, they can't understand it. And quite frankly, either can I. 1213 and 560 WQA in hit this is one of those times when a lot of people out there need special help. Thankfully, down on mattress delivers the same day all across South Florida when you call 1-800 mattresses, you still get to choose from the deepest and widest of the bedding, all available for the same day almost immediate delivery. Call 1-800 mattress right now for factory-direct prices on beetroot blueberry all the way around. You still get to pick the date and to our window to pick your schedule when you're going to be home when it's convenient for you and dial mattresses on time 99.7% of the time. At a mattress, there might number 1 a customer satisfaction these folks are winners of the 2004 better business bureau local towards a excellent support. When you call that number, you'll choose from the complete land of the top names in the universe. They got them all, the ones you know and love and like. Certainly King Coil Simmons, Clever Peter and Stewards and Foster Hewitt. If you're smart, if you got a brain instead of running around wasting a lot of time and cash, you'll make that one easy call to 1-800 mattress or log on to their website, mattress.com, the easiest piece is shopping you'll ever do in your life. 1-800 mattress, 1-800-MATTR-ES. 1-800-MATTR-ES. Get in stick from a claim documentary filmmaker George W. Bush comes up to all about the real Michael Moore and the real reason behind his invasion of the insouric. Michael Moore is a weapon of mass destruction when it comes to dang gongs and funny bones. Marin Hife, 7-0-1. Explosive in the man who is becoming the most hated figure in the era of world. Michael Moore's company is free with forms of justice and the fight on the modern canon and the power of everything. From Washington to the Middle East and every place in between themselves, dreams, ends and pond-night bars will find up that man with a bad beard and baseball cat held bed on control in it all. Here we're going to be in the small five-month-old in the middle of the United. Marin Hife, 7-0-1. Excuse me, Congressman. We're recruiting that children of politicians to work in tenement stores when Michael Moore comes in with a hanger for 20s. Sir, please come back and take a second. Marin Hife, 7-0-1. Now, showing 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. Probably 18-5-60-72A, I'm jumping in October 5. It's not that far away as the DVD release. DVD DVD. Four for an eye and 11. I'm expecting you to be going on by a whole lot of copies in this story. Going house to a homebody here in the one copy, then yeah, we'll go and force people to watch it. There you go. Just go right and visit all of our fine friends out there. The ones who are too lazy to get off the rice and go see it. And too cheap to go by, maybe they can't afford to. Maybe they're out of work. Richard, blow. Can I say that? You better call them more. If the call-up joins, you can't be saying that. Right's the case of more versus the times, speaking of Michael Moore. The New York Times' refused to grant permission for rabble-raising filmmaker Michael Moore to reprint its Mia Kup about Iraq and worse-up coming book. The reason? The Times doesn't matter become part of a political battle. It's a little late for that, so as media analyst Richard Blow. Michael Moore's a genius itself promotion, and so one has to be skeptical reading about more running in the roadblocks while trying to speak truth to power. Before the release of her night 9-11, for example, he complained that he was asked never to appear on television. I doubt he still makes that complaint. Still, the latest such break is involving more in the New York Times show that sometimes his complaining is warranted. Michael Moore has to mainstream media deeply uncomfortable and it's the offensive response that media shows its conservative and corporate soul. The incident occurred because Moore's putting together a book of documents newspaper clippings and cartoons called the official Turin-Hit 9-11 reader. So the filmmaker asked the Times for permission to reprint the Times in Iraq, the papers critique of its reported in the months before the start of the Iraq War. Given that article, the Times admitted that its reporting was well not very good, especially as it buffers what how screens that Saddam Hussein had weapons of mass destruction. Other news organizations such as the Washington Post and Wall Street Journal had given more permission to reprint items, but Times managing editor Bill Keller turned more down. Our note, the Times in Iraq, was not intended to become part of a political battle the Times spokeswoman said, to which one can only say heaven forbid by the newspapers reporting should become part of a political battle. The Times, Amba Zman, Dan Aquant, had even more explicit and interviewed with editor in publisher magazine. The paper has the right not to be used for purposes of the and what it's intended to write for the readers Aquant said, he added that he was insulted, that Moore didn't estimate we'd print anything he'd written. I would want to be able to say no to him, Aquant, said, I don't like to be used for people's political purposes. Before examining that rather mean-spirited logic, it's worth admitting that news organizations can be personality about letting for proper organizations reprint their articles use their footage, their reasons have so much journalistic as commercial. The Times, for example, has its own book publishing division, which probably wouldn't appreciate letting arrival included Times article. But more than that, the Times wants to control its reputation, its status as the paper of record, letting Michael Moore reprint at Times' pieces, especially one that the paper's editors would just assume forget, doesn't help the brand. But the Times' facts don't say that. They argue that they didn't want to get dragged in a way political fight and that argument isn't enough to justify what's holding material for more of history, a newspaper which wouldn't hesitate to reprint newsmaking documents in its own for a proper page, you should know better. Moreover, basically, would a season out of politics of the solicitor is a slippery slope. Well, the Times now start examining the politics of college professors and want to use its material. Will it tell MIT's known Trump's keyword, or Princeton's Peter Singer, both for the President Bush, that they can't include New York Times articles in their course packets? Probably not. The truth is, it's just Michael Moore and his particular brand of Edge Aged Prophecy at Times Doesn't Trust. Is that awkward, said he loved the chance to dismore that kind of thinking isn't the Mark of a great newspaper, but an eliteist one. Hmm. Not in the New York Times, well deserved. You love this. This is great. Okay. Britain's ambassador to Italy is called President Bush the best recruiting sergeant for Al Qaeda, Italian media reported yesterday. The comment made that they closed our conference at the weekend was denounced by one leading Italian newspaper editor who should an open letter stopping the veteran ambassadors or Iver Roberts, sir Iver. Roberts was quoted as telling an annual angle with Italian gathering in Tuscany, if anyone is ready to celebrate the eventual reelection of Bush, it's Al Qaeda. Career in Dallas said a newspaper said Roberts also told the media of British and Italian policy makers, Bush's Al Qaeda's best recruiting sergeant. Don't you love the way I said it? Coddy had a dozen sad, very nice. Evening a news. The evening courier. The British embassy in Rome declined a comment about the remarks saying the Tuscany conference had been covered by the so-called Chattam House rules, which means that anything said by delegates should stay off the record. Juliano Ferada, a spoken editor of the Conservative Ilfordio, brought she wrote an open letter saying he would book out a previously scheduled dinner with the ambassador yesterday. They didn't know unfortunately would be a complete waste of time and a grotesque hypocrisy has said. Ferara added that he would prefer to add supper with French ambassador of Italy, with loyal represents in Rome as the Jacques de Rach. Ferara's a servants of port of the West Lord Warren Iraq. Robert's was British Ambassador to the U.S. lobby in the mid 1990s, helping negotiations between the international committee in U.S. law of authorities. He then served his British ambassador to Ireland before his Italian posting, in which he said that al Qaeda is praying. We're going to celebrate the Bush gets another four years. How do you like that? Art story. They even weren't want to answer questions about what's going on in Iraq, what's going on in the economy. You go to the United States. You go to the United States. You go to the United States. You go to the United States. You go to the United States. You go to the United States. You go to the United States. You go to the United States. You go to the United States. You go to the United States. You go to the United States. You go to the United States. You go to the United States. You go to the United States. You go to the United States. You go to the United States. You go to the United States. You go to the United States. You go to the United States. You go to the United States. You go to the United States. You go to the United States. You go to the United States. You go to the United States. You go to the United States. You go to the United States. You go to the United States. You go to the United States. You go to the United States. You go to the United States. You go to the United States. You go to the United States. You go to the United States. You go to the United States. You go to the United States. You go to the United States. You go to the United States. You go to the United States. You go to the United States. You go to the United States. You go to the United States. You go to the United States. You go to the United States. You go to the United States. You go to the United States. You go to the United States. You go to the United States. You go to the United States. You go to the United States. You go to the United States. You go to the United States. You go to the United States. You go to the United States. You go to the United States. You go to the United States. You go to the United States. You go to the United States. You go to the United States. You go to the United States. You go to the United States. You go to the United States. You go to the United States. You go to the United States. You go to the United States. You go to the United States. You go to the United States. You go to the United States. You go to the United States. You go to the United States. You go to the United States. You go to the United States. You go to the United States. You go to the United States. You go to the United States. You go to the United States. You go to the United States. You go to the United States. You go to the United States. You go to the United States. You go to the United States. You go to the United States. You go to the United States. You go to the United States. You go to the United States. You go to the United States. You go to the United States. You go to the United States. You go to the United States. You go to the United States. You go to the United States. You go to the United States. You go to the United States. You go to the United States. You go to the United States. You go to the United States. You go to the United States. You go to the United States. You go to the United States. You go to the United States. You go to the United States. You go to the United States. You go to the United States. You go to the United States. You go to the United States. You go to the United States. You go to the United States. You go to the United States. You go to the United States. You go to the United States. You go to the United States. You go to the United States. You go to the United States. You go to the United States. You go to the United States. You go to the United States. You go to the United States. You go to the United States. You go to the United States. You go to the United States. You go to the United States. You go to the United States. You go to the United States. You go to the United States. You go to the United States. You go to the United States. You go to the United States. You go to the United States. You go to the United States. Absolutely not. I've been looking at the only thing that I can tell you is I got the schedule for the rest of the week and his name does not appear on my schedule through Friday. So I think I think his contract with the QMS-6 Spires October 1 and at that point something's going to have to defend. All right. Well, I just got to get the information. I guess you have no idea. I wish I did. Thank you sir. Okay, finally have a great day. Pretty sad, isn't it? Yeah. People call us about what's going on here. And of course, we usually are the great source of information they've found in a photo by what's happening in the in the business on the station. Keep saying all this stuff. We don't have to. And because the name of the QM is lying. You want to send to the US. They're exclusively on five. You can't even. You'll ride you. All right. That hammer. Right out of the hammer already for Christ's thing. They sold the straighteers station. Now, the truth isn't out. We've been talking about. I've sent ever since God's pulled out. Now, we'll work with the taxes. I'm starting to think of the benefits. We don't want the taxes. We don't want the taxes. We don't want the taxes. We don't want the taxes. We don't want the taxes. We don't want the taxes. We don't want the taxes. We don't want the taxes. We don't want the taxes. Even if this is being sold. You can't hear the power of food. You do work and you've done a lot of things i but right? The trade of church is known as religion or the community. But I won't love it. God has no dignity. God is 죽en circulating from St. Mary's physician I told him it's not gay. So to count probability will be through confidence. Again Christian, boy, majesty can be That he falls to change the stations Matters that will you, geoting Now will one of the best of his best He's the best of his best That seems to be the best He's gone, I want some destiny That seems to be the best That seems to be the best That seems to be the best I'm tired of it One of the plus Conqueror H2, how is comic-came we doing? I'm delighted to report that back in the day When everybody in the business was doing drugs Snorten and white powder and everything Tommy Kramer didn't get in there, you know? So he says, where did all these drifters and dead beasts come from? That's the one thing about what? Bardo, when passion block IODman That was just, when we write the book Walk library, we have the book together That was a revelation What an unbelievable group of It was like a rehab place It was like a AA And AA and has a goal in AA And the run and run show We called them the lazy eight There were eight people working on that show You sure as hell wouldn't know about mine Right But there were a lot of nasty hairy strippers When all the hallway With pillow creases on their faces Sure we're in the host in the hallways But anyway That was okay So you joined Mark thing, you have something I know a thing where we actually went into the studio Don't go this, represent now Oh like I said, now I'm in the hallway in the studio What do you say kept inside the room I don't think so I don't think so I think there was some activity in the hallway Used to find a lot of pubic here in the hall See some facts? Yes Campanes agreed A three presidential debates Well we came to that First one at U of M A school of lower learning A school of a tragic place I hope that those guys can find the campus When they come to town Because I sure as hell can't I could find Mark by stating When I was doing those ball games And I looked around like Where's the campus? Are those dorms over there? I mean like we're Where the kids like go to class They're like classrooms You know we're a Swenson's ice cream parlors Right There it is, that's the campus Oh I heard it was right by that What's that piece of joy? Yeah there's a piece of joy Right there That's the campus of lecture hall All right Anyway Views support the bell of initiative That would allow slot machines That date and barred per mutuals That's our pull quick That it'll be on its prop four On the November 2 ballot And everybody out there Vote yes several times on that Okay, vote for carry a man vote yes on this one Because it's going to bring in a lot of money It'll be another reason for people to go to For combat town Make it more like living and breathing Which God only knows we need Plus really increase the equality of horse racing If it's a that's the most important thing For the third bread and harness racing Increase the oppresses Increase the quality of the races dramatically But most important for education Anyway yes 237.44.5% Say yes We need to money for education Another 33.5% 107.5% Say yes to be good for tourism See add those two together in our fine audience You've got 78.1% How do you like that? If the whole state were just like our audience It would be like a place worth living But unfortunately it's not I have no clue of 50 That's our crowd No, we have enough gambling already 46 and no gambling is evil It's evil 20 3.7% 532 Only the evil doers do that 567056 Let's get at least 15 20,000 calls in between How do you say? Okay, you notice that How do we get into that thing about Jeffesons and the zirs You were asking about the mergers No more play about drugs And macy's And it's just go to show you It's really very sad And all of a sudden we get a Flurry of caller about best story This one now one That's the limit That is the limit of the ability 95% of the people that call Talks to us in South Florida And probably 90% around the rest of the country They're nothing right home about either But it's pathetic It's a big part of what makes Florida What it is and has been for a long for many many years But turn the man Don't forget that QA and van baby It's a 10-tech class We still haven't heard the last of that They must still have some tickets you think They must They must They run the Northwest corner of Crow 8375 And Miami stop by to pick up a pair of tickets To the FIU home opener This Saturday night free Or a free pair of tickets Tonight's Marlon's game at the pro Now see the Marlon's only split that I will had Yesterday with the cubs They really need a sweep yesterday Badly to the the insuriors Contention for the wildcard They're still for and happy on the Giants And they got three other teams out of them As well or a total of three teams right Or four They got Giants Chicago Houston San Diego San Diego still had a team pair Yes So they got four of the teams Not only with only like 12-13 games to go So it's really tough We'll see if people actually show up tonight And then we certainly not have a great time And I think we'll see if we can get a couple of tickets We'll see if we can get a couple of tickets Because I noticed on weekdays I know we had to hurricane all these other distractions But even in last few days When it wasn't bad weather When it wasn't any other excuse There were some games when it had like I think 12,000 one game 17,000 What's that? What up with that? That's typical Crap is what that is What were they giving away yesterday Anything? Floppy hats? No. Are you serious? Yeah No, come on Oh yeah They actually gave Oh Oh Oh Well yesterday the only reason people were there Could there were more cup pans Than there were a martletons Do you know how depressed you have me now? Do you know how delighted I am that I'm not there? You can't even begin And you're wild as dreams You can't begin to imagine The eight days that I spent there And of course the hurricane Francis didn't help I had to be ambiance The death now Of being like a shut-in But just it just it won't happen again soon WQA and Hello WQA and Hello Okay, we're smoking baby WQA and Hello Okay, let's go for four QA and Hello Anything else, Robin? WQA and Hello Yes Yes sir QA and this is us Hey Neil It's this money that they're going to use That they get from gambling Yeah And actually add to what they're giving for education Or they're going to do what they get to with the bottle With the bottle No, absolutely not Add to it is over and above That's a beautiful thing Go gamble Okay Let's go to the facility Let's go to our gut cell Let's go have a good time Which realizes not very popular in South Florida Many of the old farts from and anybody having a good time Many of old farts at the slots that were bind by the way Old farts young farts in between farts And you smell one Maybe that's just those curry people I'm not talking about our good friend, kid curry What is it about those people from India man? Wow I think it's in there It's a dietary thing isn't it? We've had it We've been to this many many times I'm trying to be generous I just feel a little about it Think it's a lack of soap WQA and Hello Hey, what's up you guys How are you doing pali? Good, good About the year's still on the air So far We're still here, we can't say much about anything It's a pain in the butt to keep coming back to see One hour's over Does when you start it's amazing Yeah, yeah, so you can still say yeah, it's how do you like that? I said it's nice, yes Yeah, you could say as many times you wanted to have you like I'm a 20 minute delay No, I don't know I think you're right Yeah So I will have a great day man And back to you Okay, well he didn't have he just wanted to be friendly Something like a nice friendly guy Like a happy guy He's glad we're still here He's not so happy that he has to keep dittling around So we're going to have a great day So we're going to have a great day So we're going to have a great day So we're going to have a great day So we're going to have a great day So we're going to have a great day So we're going to have a great day So we're going to have a great day So we're going to have a great day So we're going to have a great day So we're going to have a great day So we're going to have a great day So we're going to have a great day So we're going to have a great day So we're going to have a great day So we're going to have a great day So we're going to have a great day So we're going to have a great day So we're going to have a great day So we're going to have a great day So we're going to have a great day So we're going to have a great day So we're going to have a great day So we're going to have a great day So we're going to have a great day So we're going to have a great day So we're going to have a great day So we're going to have a great day So we're going to have a great day So we're going to have a great day So we're going to have a great day So we're going to have a great day So we're going to have a great day So we're going to have a great day So we're going to have a great day So we're going to have a great day So we're going to have a great day So we're going to have a great day So we're going to have a great day So we're going to have a great day Remember that's 15 year old kid with a vet that daddy bought him on the beach? No? Yeah, you do. I remember that story about he crashed and killed a little bit of a year Yeah, that's about so many years ago Right, beautiful, right, Corvette 15 year old kid, man he's just practicing Hey, you want to be a great singer Some more I'm going to be a great singer Exxy boy I'm 16 I think this is now Frank Ah Jim Bob News Has been held as one of America's greatest songwriters Will ever have freedom And out your home I am when it comes to parody His columnist, Nixie Marmalse The Penny Saver Called Jim Bob Newsom The greatest comedy writer since milk came in But you shouldn't go till the truth And then I Jim I'll come Now as a grateful dead fan Ah, I appreciate the enormous talent Of Jim Bob Newsom The cause to me He sounds just like Jerry Garcia A throwing too close for Richard Cause they got Cause they got So I'm treat that huge Now now no one else Is as good as Jim Bob Newsom Bob and her deal Pop Newsom see me now And I'm a disinmitoyle God help Now Now Okay, thanks Scott 46 man he is single And you wonder why Bush is going to win again He's done Stop that I'm going to take that mic a more And advice I'm going to be in the future And I'm happy I'm in full And Kerry is alive Why and he was on Regist in Kathy Lee I mean what's your name? Regist in Kelly Rippa And he was on Letterman last night And he's going to kick some ass baby Right I sure was on Believe that What? 560560 Speaking of that Campaigns of weed A three presidential debates Vice presidential candidates have one scheduled meeting I think they're driving which being the trial or whatever he is I think he's going to slice up Cheney and kick his ass Do you think I'm wrong? No I don't I mean Cheney is pretty good You know for a guy with a bad ticker If I'm going to be something of Cheney Oh, right the middle of the debate if his pacemaker gave out I don't think he can speak but Let's see how he does on the fly Let's see when it's on it which is like on his fly President Bush in John Kerry will meet for the first of three presidential debates Next week both campaigns announced yesterday Next week, well this is coming up on a so fast In fact it's a good thing we're taking this poll today about that Bell on the initiative on the slotted Great permutals because I don't think most people even know what that looks all about We're aware of it right? Hey wait a minute Yes the van's gone So they give away all the tickets Well that's because I was vision people out there Now taking advantage of those great three tickets for the FIU Who open it is Saturday night and for the tickets to the Marlins game of the program Against the fillies which is all my gone van's gone Probably should have pumped it a little harder earlier But No comment Two additional debates will follow within two weeks There'll be debate between the candidates for VP like I just said one One months ago The debates will provide an opportunity for President Bush and Senator John Kerry Have a serious discussion about the important issues To be decided in this election joint statement from both campaigns said Both President Bush and Senator Kerry are pleased with the nason announcement And look forward to the debates I say let him do it out All right Okay, I think Kerry can show us his war scars He can show us where he did leave a little bit And of course Bush can run The first debate In September 30th What's today today? The 21st that sounds like a week from Thursday Am I right? I'll say it's time for I'm going to be there At the University of Miami, Crowley Ablesflorate And I'll say it's time for the debate What is that pizza thing? It's not pizza hut It's pizza What was it? It was little Caesars Little Caesars And I remember the bird slipping me in there one time Oh this is the best pizza The big cheese It was little Caesars Then maybe now Or what is it? Somebody who see you or something Or somebody comes out of these Man The big cheese He's a hot mic today Somebody might be tampered with it I see Well, they're in tamper On their wonder The big cheese may be I said in other results, the season has gone It's right across from the metro rail there You know the metro rail Right He said that what it is now Anyway, used to be little Caesars If you're a lot, let me just finish my story Before coming up with a whole book Let's talk about pizza joints Or just joints Anyway That was the saltyest and nastiest Testing cram Little Caesars I sure hope the big cheese Well, there's no connection between the two Some sure they wouldn't be offended Plus they don't advertise And WQ and the big cheese do they? No They're not on that side No, they're not on the list And of course, if they did advertise And they turned out to be Gary Sarnaz Account, I really would recommend that Anyway, the debate in the Gables On next Thursday Don't you hate people that say on next Thursday Or on next Thursday Why do they say that? It literally Not a way to buy pbs's gym layer Who says boring Oh man, he is terminal In fact, take some notos AB on noto Oh Wait, who's not waiting with three debates ABC's Charles Gibson Holy man, he makes gym light Or looks like a Mexican jumping being No matter where the second one CBS's vibe she for just turned 117 Will moderate to 30 pbs that long Under the agreement to first debate I'll focus on foreign policy I think Dan rather order moderate Oh god, I'll tell you one thing They get a 95 year Can you see that? And Dan starts snarling You know, getting all emotional And the curling is lip is bush started Like giving him dirty, looks and stuff And getting all worked up And giving him out of his chair It is quite a fun air And just Just trying to sway You know, president of the C The secret service come racing in there Can you see that? The better than the WWE WWE FF Under the agreement The first debate will focus on foreign policy And homeland security All the final one will be Will economic and domestic policy The second debate is to be held As a town hall meeting With questions posed by equal number of Soft supporters of each candidate Chosen by the Gallup organization Soft supporters The elections he's going to be the defined Which ones are soft Which ones are not so soft That debate shall not be limited By topic and shown to an equal number of questions Related to foreign policy and homeland security On the one hand And he can offer a domestic policy on the other hand The agreement says The two candidates will be seated in Stoos for that debate All god have got some great lines for that Yeah, just let them go They'll be seated in Stoos for that debate But for the other two debates They'll be standing behind podiums Or if there's nothing I'd love to see The majority of votes sitting in Stoos Each debate will begin at 9 p.m. or 1 for 90 minutes With least 16 questions And each debate accord the agreement The candidates may not ask each other Direct questions but may ask rhetorical questions Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha Now suppose that you actually won that election in 2000 Actually I had to Didn't have to fix it in Florida I'm not asking you to like directly But just rhetorically speaking According to sources familiar with negotiations The bushing initially wanted to just To debate skipping the town hall form in Missouri Seeing your bushing carry sources said One of the last things that campaigns When negotiating was how the candidates would get their cues A senior carry source said the bus campaign Was hung up over the light or something Autoblick a buzzer would be used The telekinadates when their time is up A busher official adopts a last minute Questions mostly over the time queue If you have a peak agreement Maybe when steering goes out a little bit too long someday What do you think? Okay Ultimately a compromise was reached Timing lights will flash when there are About 30 minutes 30 seconds 15 seconds in five seconds remaining Autoblick fuel then go up To note the end of the time for response and the motivated will step in Step back in Like microcolonies and step back in The audible fuse will be clearly audible The most candidates to debate audiences and TV viewers agree When says CNN's candy crawly was eating your crawlers As she helped to write that report for CNN Did you know that? And anything else you can get her hands on Crispy cream by the way will kill you I mean I love crispy cream But I think that one of the reasons that their sales are down And their stock is dropping is that people are realizing So they're highly addictive far more addictive than gambling or anything else And that you can't eat only five you know I I really cannot only treat if there happens to be like it doesn't if somebody I don't want to see who my house should go when I'm near and buy a dozen crispy cream donuts I will eat tree no matter how many windows box I just I will eat tree I will eat more than three And I could because there's something is what I've heard told about Self preservation what will then I eat the two of me where I've set And I'll be longing for the turd You turn five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon This is really quite a we've got on a ten thirty this morning for those who didn't hear it They're very beginning which is probably most everybody We got drew a bear more on behind the beaten curtain that ain't John S. Cross Reloaves said about that because she's a she showed it all right there drew a bear more And so far on our pool it's a no brainer man with this crowd six hundred and a four hosts are getting a big response We got a lot of yes votes on this yeah, a bunch of our brains out man get the money for education But people go have a good time and just it's a win win all the way around and it was a little good Eat two shoes want to impose their morality on everybody else gambling is evil We got enough gambling you people make me sick you make me want a puke Man, I'm so tired of those people there and of course that's what religions all about You notice those two Sunni clerics who were assassinated the other day the Sunni clerics as opposed to the Shiites and opposed to the Kurds and way and people for the American way all of the sort of crap I just it wears me out That's why I'd rather go out to woodmen and plunge my guts out there. It's a slots and maybe once in a great while win, but not too often, but you know just enough to keep me going if you meet from bankruptcy Just just to get away from all of this crap don't you think yeah, I think you gotta do that Cross seriously in fact and also of course Thursday the rumors are gonna become a town so you can be here. I'll be I'll be out of touch for quite sometimes You have some a staking makes you let me know when they're showing up as opposed to just because I can't get color ID here on in my building So when the phone rings I do something really stupid I answer. Yeah bad mood W to Q and hello You know the great yes, sir speaking No, there's a there's a jai baron with a Yeah There's one jai go along with VA Yeah, W Q and hello Anyhow you doing okay. Hey, I'd like to go to that debate how push push is stolen now which you would W Q and hello It's got a chainy for that W Q and hello Yes, sir I This is a first chase There name and I know is Miami that's really all loaded And I'm going to think we're giving out a few in South Florida You're an offer So I don't want to be sinking right we first are but I'm the other hand he's personally a lot of people I'm a part of the part you understood That was funny. I understood everywhere he said he's an old pro like me. I can understand old pro I'm about you an old coup 1256 and 560 Q I'm the mad dog and two we got more Howard David Oh, don't don't know Everybody elected or not But it's It's the one to two hours and, it's been a lot of a fool So, let's bring those angels to what they have to do All my friends ain't got a foot Down center bed they followed Oh, got so can't waste Don't mistake those eyes, hold on I shall give him my shaving green So I left him all my face When I went to work, I looked like a jerk And I was fired in this street Driving home, I was all alone To make a soul play a trick, so I'm in I live the rear view there I could see cases staring back empty O' grass, here's my soul So I'll give him a full off of my I saw him in the house, and my father Who's three in the same class of my life All my friends, think of my soul And the red thing's more So I'll give him a full off of my soul So I'll give him a full off of my soul So I'm in home, the shadow that's not going The book that I'm on, my father I've long had been, I've always been in the shadows Well, first y'all, yes, I saw him Since the foolish people, I love all Carefully, I saw him, this is the most I saw him, I saw him, I love all those To make the scene seem so bad, I'm out All my friends, think of my soul Down into it, they fall All my soul, think of my soul All my soul, I've got all the rest And you're very, very good I want to put a little crowd-hull Of all I like that, the rabbi, like you're Countin' used to bring me at the hockey games, remember that? Yes, I do. I've had a lot of time, it had a silver collar, a scuba collar, something like that Man, it's a busy, into the evening, early morning hours Global warming may spawn more supersturms Hurricane Ivan, the incredibly powerful strumic, at least 120 people in the Caribbean and southern US Maybe a harbinger of the Earth's hot-our future sex, but not of course to leave about the gene, which killed 500 people in Haiti As the world warms, we've spent more and more intense tropical hurricanes and cyclones At James McCarthy, a professor of biological oceanography at Harvard University See, all fits in together, you know, the anti-science, the Bible-something, super religious, fundamentalist, don't confuse me with the facts, mentality of this crowd Yeah, and of course there is no such thing as global warming, we know that No, Connie, plot. Large parts of the world's oceans are approaching 27 degrees, Celsius, or warmer during the summer Greatly increasing the odds of major storms, McCarthy, told IPS When water reaches such temperatures more than evaporates, priming hurricane or cyclone formation Once born, a hurricane needs only warm water to build and maintain its strength and intensity So, you people in Florida, if you want to continue voting for the anti-science administration, by all means, we'll throw you an anchor Okay, we'll throw you a rope Over the last 10 years, the Earth is warm by about 6th-10th of a degrees Celsius, quite a day 2001 report by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change and International Scientific Body That studies the relationship between human activity and global warming, global warming, I just got through a ton of the main research thing The IPSC report was based on research by more than 2500 scientists from about 100 countries who determine that emissions of gas, such as carbon dioxide, actors of blanket That prevents parts of the Sun's energy from dissipating into space, not to the Earth's energy from this greenhouse effect as being absorbed by the oceans The proof that the oceans are warming is the fact that global sea levels of risen 3.1 centimeters in the past 10 years, according to Kevin Trembler, a head of the Climate Amalization Section at the National Center for MSF Research in Boulder, Colorado Water spans when heated sea levels are spread to the continuum rising by as much as 50 centimeters by 2100, I'm not too worried about that cause I'll be dead, and so what you all you Okay? 2100, don't leave Oh, while the warming will be not dry, she's been a little 150 While the warming of the oceans is not uniform, the Earth Pacific and North Atlantic are a big story A cooler, the hurricane producing, minute-line, and Caribbean oceans have warm significantly Global warming is creating conditions that are more favorable for hurricanes than all of them be more severe said to embers And actually, it comes as no news, no shock, no surprise to the euphorobasters in Florida For like every week, have to pee in your pants and go get the applywood and all the other good stuff Well, that result in more category 4 or 5 storms like Ivan, he was asked that's the logical conclusion although maybe someone kind of virtually said You got the idea, as the emissions of greenhouse gases continue to trap more and more of the sun's energy That energy has to be dissipated resulting in stronger storms more intense precipitation and higher winds, he said Just mention that in passing, and of course, how come stem cell researches so little of it? You see, this is what kills me, I've told you for a long time, both parties suck I mean, the Democrats are weak, they're wimpy, they're like they're lame, they've figured how to grasp the feed from the jaws The victory like Al Gore did four years ago, and of course the Republican party is his malignant as possibly could be Dangerous, that's the difference, you got two really bad political parties, but just thieves, bank robbers, etc But the fact that the matter is that the Democrats are more benign and the Republicans incredibly malignant Odd no by speaking of malignant right wing lunatics someone who outed Valerie Plain in his column Rights and issue cargo sometimes inside the Bush administration policy making apparatus there's strong feeling that US troops must leave Iraq next year This determination is not predicated on success in implanting Iraqi democracy and internal stability Rather the officials are saying, ready or not, here we go This is from Bob Novank, okay This prospective policy is based on Iraq's national lessons in the January, but not predicated on ending the insurgency or reaching the national political settlement, getting out of Iraq would end the Neo-conservative dream of building democracy in the Arab world The US would be content having saved the world from Saddam Hussein's quest for weapons of mass destruction The reality of hard decisions had is obscured by bladder on both sides in a presidential campaign Six weeks before the election Bush cannot be expected of it, even the possibility of a quick withdrawal Senator Kerry's political aides still languishing in fantastic speculation about European troops to the rescue Do not even ponder a quick exit, but Kerry supporters with foreign policy experience expected identity selected their candidate would take the same escape route So that really would make worthwhile all the lives of the thousand plus Americans who died over there Not to mention the thousands and thousands and thousands of Iraqis who have died in this liberation of the capital emancipation They also devised for the war, he's not going to be a fumbron Well we have all of these people and we know there was Daniel Pearl, but before all of us Iraq stuff started, didn't that happen in Pakistan So what, what did that happen? Daniel Pearl de-Cantitation Like a year or two before the whole Iraqi business Yeah, it seems to me that we didn't have an epidemic of these kidnappings and be heading back then No, of course we didn't have all those people over there to be kidnapped Right, that's exactly so there's an invasion Maybe a launch of a couple missiles Stop the short place we know That's a moving team on that of Bella Whose first name begins with a halt There's one thing, only on a Thursday You're talking, don't want to be finished Until we blow up Pakistan We could chase him around forever With our tanks and all our troops That special forces are so tired A jump in through the emphusa You throw only need another place So let's call that all the nonsense I'll enroll for a Pakistan All right, now take it a need and you'll hear our time Why don't you stop for a season And we'll learn Pakistan You're on thinking that the Indians would be all enough to talk about the thing this proposition for if it passes You know, remember because if the voters approve it, then it becomes legal in this state and at that point Right, they would be able to put in real slum machines as opposed to those baby whistling machines that they got right now I wasn't going to say whistling, I was going to use different letter, but I can't do that because you also get a very high rate And muffy might show up this week come out of a sick better whatever his deal is Maybe he's in a big meeting today, you think? Well, it says Because you're I don't know you're telling me that all the doors are closed, everybody behind closed doors and all kinds of stuff going on Maybe screw in is offering like two for one and a two day Do you think that might be it? Bush, this is ideas of two terrorists President Bush might have been able to say it was simply a slip of the tongue when he confused two terrorists The campaign speech yesterday knew Hampshire but the trouble is he's made the same mistake in at least ten times before Abu Ghara, during remarks in Dary, New Hampshire Bush said the late terrorist Abu Nidale Kaleyon Klingha for a 69 year old Jewish American who died after being tossed along with his wheelchair Off a hijack cruise letter named Akili Loro in 1985 Do you remember Abu Nidaleb was asked to crowd? He's the guy to Kaleyon Klinghafer The young Klinghafer was murdered because of his religion Abu Nidale was in fact that it was his organization He repeated the mistake Monday evening in the campaign event in New York City Abu Nidaleb was a cold blood terrorist killer who Kaleyon Klinghafer Actually it was Abu Abbas It's hard to keep them laundry heads separate from one another You know it was Abu Abbas leader of a violent Palestinian group who killed Klinghafer The White House had no immediate comment on the mix up That's just WBNW You know like little bit of like that he just little on the downside You know and that's why America likes him so much he just ignored their egoite a guy He's just a good old guy Everybody else with that text is hat in a sling that side Wheeler shooter Pretty sad Probably it's after one at five sixty WQM I'm yeah, we only got six weeks to elections when anybody thinks well, you don't need a little bit Sorry, he been heavy duty on the newsy stuff again too bad I'm gonna do my best to do my duty because the election is fairly close in other words within 30,000 votes I would say about 30,000 We're in 30,000 votes in Florida they can easily make that up they can steal those back no problem And they can tie it up the breach and you make me down here again James Baker the tour and they're like It'll just be an instant replay the old 2000 again then I'll go back to the screens And they'll give the parents promise about a pound of the good stuff I know problem No problem right Oh no doubt that's all it takes They got they got the deck stacked maybe Twelve minutes after one at five sixty WQM When you shop for quality footwear there's a story you are gonna love It's called Brandys it's in pop at a beach living around for a long long time Brandys is still around because they give you the unbeatable combination of the biggest election men's The women's name brand shoes the best in service and most important to most of you folks the best prices in town period They got all the top names you love like rock ports floor shine SAS very simple and naturalize a lot more And just about every week they got a special sale to save you even more cash Brandys is open daily Monday through Saturday from 9 am till 9 pm Sunday's 10 to 5 And you'll find Brandys at 12.90 north federal highway in Pompeo Beach always worth the trip no matter where you're hanging out And this week again, it's a great time to buy new balance at Brandys which are outstanding In fact that's what I'm wearing right I'm not wearing them they're on the float Legally and I love the balance take money percent off all great men's and women's styles So come in to the store this week or visit them on the way but Brandys shoes dot com Jordan says Los Angeles Ex-crucid On five Two That's a cue The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The Get out of the house, get out of the house, get out of the house, get out of the house, get out of the house, get out of the house, get out of the house, get out of the house, get out of the house, get out of the house, get out of the house, get out of the house, get out of the house, get out of the house, get out of the house, get out of the house, get out of the house, get out of the house, get out of the house, get out of the house, get out of the house, get out of the house, get out of the house, get out of the house, get out of the house, get out of the house, get out of the house, get out of the house, get out of the house, get out of the house, get out of the house, get out of the house, get out of the house, get out of the house, get out of the house, get out of the house, get out of the house, get out of the house, get out of the house, get out of the house, get out of the house, get out of the house, get out of the house, get out of the house, get out of the house, get out of the house, get out of the house, get out of the house, get out of the house, get out of the house, get out of the house, get out of the house, get out of the house, get out of the house, get out of the house, get out of the house, get out of the house, get out of the house, get out of the house, get out of the house, get out of the house, get out of the house, get out of the house, get out of the house, get out of the house, get out of the house, get out of the house, get out of the house, get out of the house, get out of the house, get out of the house, get out of the house, get out of the house, get out of the house, get out of the house, get out of the house, get out of the house, get out of the house, get out of the house, get out of the house, get out of the house, get out of the house, get out of the house, get out of the house, get out of the house, get out of the house, get out of the house, get out of the house, get out of the house, get out of the house, get out of the house, get out of the house, get out of the house, get out of the house, get out of the house, get out of the house, get out of the house, get out of the house, get out of the house, get out of the house, get out of the house, get out of the house, get out of the house, get out of the house, get out of the house, get out of the house, get out of the house, get out of the house, get out of the house, get out of the house, get out of the house sonoex loving somebody who orders you nothing but that thing but not that you're not afraid什麼 God will only sell you at the same time, and who words and things count? were you all trying to escape it because you suddenly didn't do so, did you how quickly did you come in to me? ok, thanks everyone, all right. Arging and business that you really love years ago. What? Are we having a counter-resistant show discussing pizza joints? Are the joints at the pizza par? Well, you know, when you get to much use, it's nothing like being right next to the outside of pizza joint. That's right. Like a little suit, who's man there with so salty and nasty. In fact, all the pizzas tasted like they had anchovies on them, even if they did. That, ooh, exactly. What is it about people at Lake Antubis? I had a story, I would judge or be very upset, very concerned. Dr. Gupta is warning people about poison not. See, yeah, they really did. I didn't kick the story of something about, I don't know. Tripe is a bad, I mean, no, see, is bad for your food beer. I don't know, I didn't see it. I don't, I don't believe Dr. Gupta anyway, just. Okay, well, what's the other name like that? What could have been able to can you possibly hit it? Yeah. A man sliced 25 children with a kitchen knife yesterday at a grade school in Eastern China, and held a nine-year-old girl hostage for an hour before police finally captured him. It was the third time in six weeks that a knife attack has been reported to the Chinese school or daycare center. The early red tax left one child dead injured a total of 42 people, and caused widespread concern about school safety in China no less. It isn't true whether such violence is increasing or whether communist leaders are letting the state control media report more assaults in schools. So in other words, maybe it goes on like routinely, but they're just finally letting one or two of these out, you know, just to make it look good. Like they're telling the true news. In the latest incident in Ying County in Shandong Province, the attack was identified as the father of a girl at the school who had a quarrel with another resident. These in-law news haven't reported. Jai Jing Yu, 30-7, went looking for the other resident at the school where he dropped off his own daughter, when he couldn't find the person, began attacking the students. Well, that's always a good idea if you can't find the person that you're peoed at, just attack anybody who happens to be handy. Especially little kids because they can't fight back to good anyway, and they didn't bring the knife to school that day. Pretty sad. Pretty sick, we're over live and that's why it's really good to go out and punch or go up. Go out to the track, catch some cymbal casting, punch or lungs, go to the Indians, go to the casino, do anything. Just get away from all this hysteria man from the heat and the mosquitoes and the bowling ball size of bugs, the roaches, the hurricanes, all of that crap. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8, 5, I guess I can throw this away now. I already did the attorneys. So I always, I was staple that so I had a handy. Because I look at plug those liners so they give it in, take it away. We can get off of that. I'm going to be important things in our agenda like lunch. WQA and hello. Hi, I'm Colin Neil. Yes, man. I want to talk to him about President Bush being re-selected. Resolusted? Yes. Yes. Because if he is, I think about this, he's going to go on bone society and his name now is temporary. So I'm considering the up to exist, but he could get assassinated in the so called. Oh, great. That sounds really a promising to me. Okay, I didn't. I'm sure you did too. Yeah, we all heard it, huh? Why is it that we hear from very few women, but the ones that do call men generally tend to be crazier than a bed bug like her. I was like that. Wow. I was about to say that you wanted to say something about David Bush is really good. About time to say something good. Yeah, somebody had the party for the exchange student over there last night. They were very nice. Give us one of those rooms with the billy art tables and the big long shuffleboard table and everybody had a great time. So thank you, David, but you're all nice. Yeah, even though they've never served pizza though, but they are very nice. Oh, I know. They serve much better things than we had a lot of it. Right. Now I just mentioned that because see the ones that I wonder I know we discussed this before. And maybe I'm wrong. Maybe they still are some of those Chicago style that we all think heavy about pizza. Maybe they're still around. But there was my pie. You're what? And you were pie? No, no, you remember my pie, don't you? No. For that before your time. Must have been. There were a lot of chain. There were a couple of them. There was one candle. There were around in Fort Lodderdale. My pie? We were the real six Chicago style. I know the deep dish. I love that, but sorry. Well, I want to piece this more than of course in Chicago is where you get to really good stuff. And I don't want to go rehash the names of those places. Who cares, you know? Well, they do. It's a lot of good letting go to Chicago. Let's say here's what I said is this year you can see the sign. Last year was not eligible because the Marlins had pudge and his big fat ass covered a whole backside. So this year you can see the sign of the stadium is what they're talking about. Whatever that sign really says. Says we also need a proposition to bring hangback. I've lost money with my picks. I need a space. And that's another thing. We're doing some football season. This coming weekend will be week number three. The third and no, no, a Humper to help people lose their money. It says also, if you listen to Moh Howard and Bino Cook, you can't understand anything they say. Or who the players are. They go back to the leather helmet and say he's. Oh, and her new rock knees line up for the dolphins this weekend. Can't be any worse. Says bring back Hank. Bring back Hank. Bring back the hopper. That was the structure set. That was funny. And we're all for it. My prediction is a hint coming back. I probably shouldn't have said that clearly and stop based on any information because we. I know is my name. We don't have a listening or hot. We don't have any. We have no information. No. Zero. And this idea of continuing opening up very jackass or Jim Sarnian Friday and reading. I'll Hank is still on paid suspension and hasn't heard anything from the station. I mean, do you really believe that that there's no communication going on or there must be something going on? Yeah. No, thank you. No, no, no, seriously. I mean, he's got to be something going on. I mean, this is a guy who's been around in a market for a hundred years, who's certainly in the man we got a brand new sports. Stages. You write across the street going on now, would Joe rose the little the big head little dog. And I'm sure that they would just they would covet the big side. How Bruno figured it before the feet, we're not, but they'd love to have him. I'm sure. And like I said before, if Greg weed is that, I mean, it's not bad enough that he put you up to show. Not once for now the second time. That's not bad enough. What you ate told him, I was poor. I'm going to tell you those of you who trust me. This is, this is in a ward winner. Would you agree? It's a sloker. You'll be smoking it when you hear the Mars pool. Maybe you can regularly smoke it. Because he just continues. It's a little like this thing in the school in China. It's the same thing like a mad man is written list with a machete just just just jumping everybody's head off. Yeah. And he's just trying to emulate what's going on over there in the middle east. I don't know, but he just lost it. He just come on glued over the song, Undone by the guests who he's been going on. He's done. He's done. He's done. 20 instead of be armed doing two if we allow it. 26 passed one at five sixty. You're used to be great. WCWM used to be fantastic. And then somebody went bananas. Hey, over the years you've heard me talk about speaking of flipping your lid chuck out the air in his fantastic pattern and here systems. Charlie is the best in the air business for over 35 years. Charlie's been providing amazing natural looking hair systems that are virtually 100% on detectable. And right now Charlie's introducing the latest development hair restoration. It's called the New Laser Light Therapy Treatment. Isn't it amazing how that we had that little problem technically in the beginning of the show? I should probably should know. I should have heard that. No, but it sounded like it was going to start up again. Oh, that was it. Anyways, called the New Laser Light Therapy Treatment in Chuck Alphiere. Is it's used for treating fine and thinning hair? There's new treatment at SFIA certified and restores your hair and scalp act of its healthiest state while increasing hair shaft density and volume. The New Laser Light Therapy and its cool light laser devices affect about both men and women. And it's a painless non-invasive treatment that's completed just about a half an hour. And other words about. Absolutely. About 30 minutes. Stay out. Put out, Mo. Charlie in the Stanford Witness dramatically results for this new system that impedes hair fall out for those of you with fine and thinning hair. So stop putting for a major miracle. That's going to stop your thinning hair from falling into the sink into the shower on the floor, whatever. And give Charlie a call today. Learn more about the new Laser Light Therapy Treatment. There's no obligation. He'll tell you how can solve your thinning hair problems forever and really change your life. Here's the tool for you number to call. It's 1-800-321-2413. 1-800-321-2413. Run that wicked web. It's Charles Alfiori.com. You are listening to Neil Roger S. I'm listening to you. I'm listening to you. I'm listening to you. I'm listening to you. They don't come any better than Neil Roger. Neil Roger. Neil Roger's still sports radio with Eliza Crap all of a. Greg. She's probably the way we hear now. Looks like a place of roadside. Now, she's from the tiny little holes. Lover and bush and bush down. And I suppose they'll be right back now. Get that in my secret life. She's a beautiful, pretty girl. That's what she's got to do. She's a beautiful, pretty girl. She's a beautiful, pretty girl. She's a beautiful, pretty girl. Greg, tell me why you said today, why nobody. What's like he's married in a normal, old, clean-up, married in that, funny, tell me why. She doesn't need to fall. That's it. She's always with me. That's what he's like when he's hot. Go for a bush and hurry down with me. I see. We gave a short point and yet more she's not so bad. She's a beautiful, pretty girl. She's a beautiful, pretty girl. And suppose they'll find a better star. A big hat. Go for a bush and a little baby's so nice. A little baby's so nice. The average of 5.6% of the audience in regard to that proposition for the slots of eight per mutials in burden date. A few 4.6% gambling is evil. That's it. Much of a desperate shut-ins. You know who walks to 700 clubs. Some other money off to some fake risk we can go get laid on the weekends. 26 people say, I'm going to read from the bottom up. Pretty positive. We had the election just in our audience passed by our blinds live. Bottoms up. 719 votes. No, we have enough gambling already. 64. I have no clue. 69. Yes. It would be great for tourists in 124. 31.1%. And yes, we need the money for education. 3.36.7%. That's 77.8%. We're going to vote. 10. Number two. On this proposition. Okay. You got it. You got it. You got it. You got it. 5.6.7%. We're talking pizza today. Maybe 5.6.7. 5.6. There was another one. Be sad. My God. Was it you, man? You what? No. I think it would be good to call me. You. No, seriously. What was the name of that? You, you mama. You something. Well, somebody will know. 5.6.7. 5.6. The count 5.6. The Verizon Wireless and singular wireless people. How many of you in? No. Yes, sir. How are you? Pretty good. How are you? Okay. I got some insight as to what's going to happen with the four clock hour. I've got a couple friends that work for some radio shows locally. So, radio donations. So, how do somebody might know what's going on? Yes, it will. Okay. First of all, Hank, probably will not be back on the stadium. I'm a stadium. I'm a station. However, they have a new show. It's going to be called Mo and a cup of Joe. How would a boca baby? Oh, man. He always likes a lot of stuff. You know, that was really great. He had some really good insight. They're in fact, you know, something I would say. He knows about as much as we do. Nothing. Poverty QAM, hello. Yes, sir. Yes. Yes. Are you writing the amendment for? Yes. Okay. I think it's going to be a part of it. It's a part of it. You'll through because a lot of couple of times they voted for 40 to be about have voted for it, but the rest of the pay hasn't. But I think this could be the tip of future casino gambling because that is a very good idea. If I read this directly, it remains the Florida State Constitution. We're about to see if I'll be involved in what do you think in the future. They're eligible to vote for it and not affect the rest of the state. Well, when you're not afraid, I'm going to be ready. We don't have to be sick, but we don't have to be held hostage by all the Yahoo's and the other or 65 counties. That's correct. That's all I need to bring into the thing. Thanks a lot, Charlie. In fact, I shouldn't say 65 counties, but probably Palm Beach in the Monroe County. Is there some living and breathing people, right? Well, Monroe County anyway. Palm Beach County is mostly people over the age of 100. I shouldn't say that. We have many finalist news in like, Boca, right? Right. Do you think in Beach? Lake Worth. Cemetery Village? Right. Right. Probably we have a few snooty people on Palm Beach too. They would never admit it, but they're probably Steve Colison. Right now. Maybe on a Kennedy compound while they're rolling around on the beach. WQA and hello. WQA and hello. Any other George? Yes, sir. Yes, sir. No, no, no, no, no. WQA and hello. We're on it now. Good rush. I hope that you had your videos turned out very, very loud. I certainly hope that the people that operate the dolphin fan forum there, or at least use to on the dolphins official website. I hope you're listening very carefully because now that you've shut off these people's conduit their assets to where you folks, you weren't able to hear that. I mean, they're reading it. But now you heard it here on the neorider show that dolphins suck. Is there any question about it? No. Do they have a quarterback? No. Do they have an offensive line? No. Are they offensive? Yeah. Is that coach a goofball? Yeah. She got an any chance of returning it around. No. Now, I told him that Josh Curtis will voucher. I'm sure if he values his life and job. Did I tell you months ago that there was going to be a disaster season. Did I say that? Now, if somebody like me who's a dead and a little patriots fan and have been long before by the way, Tom Brady played, I'd give really fair enough. Oh, he just got the hot spring time. Right. Well, that's true. But that's beside the point. But for several years, I've been a very big patriots fan. I don't know. I mean, they just, uh, it's an exciting team. Is what it is. They're just a great team to watch or strike a 11 17 in a row. Now, by the way, should point out. 17 freaking games in a row. And I think that dolphins could be on the way to a perfect season also. I mean, if you thought 72 was great, I think they're on a way to another maybe perfect season. Not the one that they had in mind or you had in mind. But if I could see it, even George knew it was going to be a even you knew when you couldn't care less. Oh, no. In line. I mean, you have to be a fool. And like I said, Dave, I've got a good comedy, a son said, Elaine, just rips him and ask right from the top from weighing on down to the, uh, and I will say one thing though, the Danny Moreno movie, or worked out really well. That was good, Wayne. When that wasn't that special. Yeah, it was special. How many minutes to that land? About 30 minutes. And where was Ben Broaden? He's not just going to be a yes man or a, a face man for the organization. He's going to really have to say, and I've asked it about five minutes in everybody said, hey, Danny, you're crazy. Why do you want to put yourself an emphasis? You make it all out money on the network there and doing those pre game shows and a half time show. What do you need this for? You've got 85 restaurants and all the clothing spots, card dealers. You've got money up the old Ying Ying. What do you need to embarrass and degrade yourself? Go to work for this meeting, I for. And Danny said, right, you've got a point. Change my mind. I mean, how do you fire the owner? That's the question. That's the problem with these sports franchises. You can fire the coach and fire the general manager. You can trade the players, but you can fire the owner. It's kind like you, I am. 24, two, five, 60, WDQM, hey, if you're trying desperately to lose some weight. One of those low carb guides, the actins, the soundpeach, the sugar busters, or any low carb sugar free diet. There's a store I've been telling you about for a very long time. I know you've got to love this store because it's entirely dedicated for you and the things you're looking for. He likes a West Boca. For years and years now, he likes his help thousands of low carb gutters and cheats away lost goals. And now, he likes a West Boca this summer, which is still the fall, like I said. Didn't you enable last day of summer? I don't know. 21st. Well, whatever, this summer this fall right now. They're celebrating their 14th began of grocery with special discounts about to 50%. Yes, we're said on, like I said, I'm low carb products like carbolite, pure delight, carb sense, and lots more. And as the anniversary's super special, I'd like to write now. You can save 50% off on all actins, brands, foods and supplements too. And don't forget to like, great selection of low carb bakery items like cheesecakes, breads, rolls, and delicious mouthwatering brownies too. And as always, you can try anything in the store before you put on a cash and buy it. The staff at Delight's nose low carb dieting inside and out in the open daily till 10. And don't forget that guarantee lowest price policy on all actins, carbolite, and pure delight products because the likes of West Boca will not be under sold. Delight's as you'll find among the Northeast corner of blazing 441 right next to Boston Market. On the web it's low carb.com or column full free at 1 877 low carb. That's what they're W. Hello W. C. R. B. Don't forget to let it only be the most of West Boca is your official atkins retail company. We will Rogers morning, soon we check out the air. We're so wild and I'm so wild and I'm so excited. We can't wait. Yeah, that's going to work. That's a looser. You're both out of that, it's a fast and maybe five of the two. That's just me, your pain, but if you've made it this time, don't think that. You're the best, you're the best. You're the best, you're the best. You're the best, you're the best. You're the best, you're the best. You're the best, you're the best. You're the best, you're the best. You're the best, you're the best. You're the best, you're the best. You're the best, you're the best. You're the best, you're the best. You're the best, you're the best. You're the best, you're the best. You're the best, you're the best. You're the best, you're the best. You're the best, you're the best. You're the best, you're the best. You're the best, you're the best. When the fun ended, when the fun ended, and the fall had to be themselflessly let our Bids bite in pain, now the two of us, The Jewish people, the Jewish people, the Jewish people, the Jewish people, the Jewish people, the Jewish people, the Jewish people, the Jewish people, the Jewish people, the Jewish people, the Jewish people, the Jewish people, the Jewish people, the Jewish people, the Jewish people, the Jewish people, the Jewish people, the Jewish people, the Jewish people, the Jewish people, the Jewish people, the Jewish people, the Jewish people, the Jewish people, the Jewish people, the Jewish people, the Jewish people, the Jewish people, the Jewish people, the Jewish people, the Jewish people, the Jewish people, the Jewish people, the Jewish people, the Jewish people, the Jewish people, the Jewish people, the Jewish people, the Jewish people, the Jewish people, the Jewish people, the Jewish people, the Jewish people, the Jewish people, the Jewish people, the Jewish people, the Jewish people, the Jewish people, the Jewish people, the Jewish people, the Jewish people, the Jewish people, the Jewish people, the Jewish people, the Jewish people, the Jewish people all these little things, it happened only for the Jewish people, recitors, it was you now, it is the Jewish people, 100 people, there are 12 out of 18 people, those are all of them, even from the Jewish people, this is God, holy supporting, is God, thank God, it was my Egyptian person, Lord, Lord, the Jewish people, no, don't, because God is one of those who was the Jewish people, he is everything. Just by the honor and this that those who were your holiday children, Jesus will share the city door adapter, priest, in the name of God's name, life thanks for your great generosity of mine, God's name, God's name, I accumulate. upon King of slaves. Holy ss star, maybe son David, what did you experience during the early are seedless societies? I've been among those who built I think I'm gonna be in the end, I think I'm gonna be in the end. Wow. One more, even though I put like little stars in the DCS nested thing to make sure, you know, make sure I know that I edited to think, I just let's do it again. Just to be absolutely sure, so you guys don't have to be diving for those yellow buttons, and, etc. I do like this article on her, I've said a lot, many, many other great ones, Commander in Chiefs, Baton, Swish, Switch, by Harley-Sorenson of the San Francisco Chronicle. Do you think if they brought in Down Hole to work with the Mohour David, it could be the Homo show? Harley-Sorenson writes, the thing that rankles me most about George W. Bush these days is the way he lies to our troops. When you're in that American made cesspool called Iraq and have been told your tour of duty as an April 12, it's an out-and-out breach of contract to be suddenly told to take a home until September. I used the April 12th, because that's the day the family on television said they expected the reservists on home, his remains were shipped home at a box after he was told April 29. That's that enough, but then Bush has the timidity to accuse critics of his war of damaging troop morale. That must be his macabre idea of a joke, what could possibly be more damaging to morale than to be told you're going home and then have your tour of duty extended? What could be more damaging to the morale of our surviving troops than to see their buddy killed after his official go home date? The good percentage of our troops that are back today are victims of Bush's Baton Switch tactics. We like to boast of our all-volunteer military, but there's nothing voluntary about being yank away from your family in your job months or years after you thought you completed, your military obligation. Yes, that's what's happening. It's been called a backdoor draft. Bush doesn't have the political courage to call for a regular draft before the November 2nd elections, so he takes advantage of our reservist and national guardsmen until then. Here's an example as reported by Dick Foster in the Rocky Mountain News last Thursday. Soldiers from a Fort Carson combat units say they've been issued an ultimatum. We had lists for three more years and we transferred to other units expected to deploy an Iraq. Hundreds of soldiers from a third-grade combat team were presented with that message, and a re-illistman forming a series of assemblies last Thursday said two soldiers who spoke of course on condition of anonymity. The Bush people tell us that patriarchy and Americans are flocking to a list of mistakes to sign up, if they can't seem to feel enough troops without screwing a reservist, something's wrong with this picture. They'd like to blame it on former President Bill Clinton who did reduce the size of our bloated military behemoth, but Clinton has been gone from us four years now. It's time for Bush and his fellow Republicans to take responsibility. Let's put it in perspective. Our participation in World War II from Pearl Harbor to V.J. Day was slightly over 44 months. George Bush has been present slightly longer than that. If our troops drank isn't what it should be, who's to blame, a former President, the Democratic Minority in Congress, or our tele-elected president, George W. Bush. Our war against the Iraqi people is George W. Bush's baby. Do you unnever authorized the war in the Security Council simply warned the rack of serious consequences if they didn't play ball? Terrence won the Children's Series consequences? Prices like that can mean anything. George W. Bush interpreted to mean all-out war by the U.S. Say what? Conrest based on Faulty Intelligence and Pulse-Showing Public Support for War did give Bush the authority he needed to go to work necessary to defend the national security of the U.S. and to enforce all relevant UN Security Council Resolution regarding Iraq. Bush wasn't ordered to take us to war, he had a choice, he chose war. It's his war. He alone has the responsibility for what's become of Iraq. He is the blood of a thousand twenty-five American troops on his hands. He swims in the blood of countless Iraqis. It was his action that ended with a destruction of the Iraqi infrastructure. It was his action that turned scores of blinded with anger and terrorists and armies of terrorists, and yet we're not in control of Iraq. Our troops have been ordered to hunkered down to keep his low profile as possible until after the elections. Bush has ordered our troops to try to avoid getting killed between now and November 2nd, not for strategic reasons or humanitarian reasons, but for personal and political gain. We do not control one city in Iraq, in Afghanistan and what started out as a bona fide war against terrorism. We are for the most part, hunkered down to the capital city of Kabul. We controlled part of Kabul, warlords controlled a rest of Afghanistan, the heroine Puffy trade is bigger than ever. This is what George W. Bush's brought us, at best to stand off in Afghanistan, a certain defeat in Iraq, our intelligence people reported in July of the best we can owe for there is a continuation of the chaos that exists now. And yet half of America celebrates George W. Bush's great leader. He makes decisions they've promised never mind that he makes mostly bad decisions. He's a leader they say, apparently unaware that the pie-type of hamlet was also a leader. Bottom line, he's one of us they say, but he isn't, unless you and I were pampered all our lives, and we're to believe we're better than other people. We've broadly on Bush's past that might be interesting, but the statute limitations is run out. Let's do well, let's please do well on what the man is today. He isn't much. It seems that the past few years greatly outweighed the sins of his youth. The Bush of 2002 is far more important than the Bush of 1972. Can we focus please? Yeah, and that's another thing. With Democrats have gotten bogged down. What a great job, Carl Roven, those Nazis have done bogging them down, a stuff that happened 30 years ago. But turn them in! And now let's figure out on the last four years. I didn't know that President's ran on stuff that happened 30 years ago, didn't you? No, well he brought it up, you know, he made it up. There he go. I asked me the only issue. I asked God and Democrats you jack holes you. 151 and 560 WQM if you're playing over placing your carpeting because they look like crap now, or maybe you're thinking about having your carpeting or your works at Great Reef professionally clean. Nobody anywhere in the world is a doubt for you like my good friends at dry concepts. To the best in the business, bringing your carpeting back to life, which is why I've been using the Miliah Homes Rover 20, long excruciating years now. Sometimes you're home to the using dry concepts, certified train technicians, they'll dry clean your carpet, same ideas, dry clean your clothing, leave some vibrant and cutters off of the touch they smell. Let me fresh, they'll dry in just a couple of hours you're ready to rock and roll again, so you really can clean today and entertain tonight. Rock concepts are the best in the business, hitting the standard for everybody else to follow. No repost, no gains, no scams, no tack ons at the end of the job they give you a written, guaranteed price upfront before they start the work. So if you want your carpeting and all your other goodies, look and just like brand new car drive concepts today, you never dream about anybody else again. Call them toll free and 1-800-2-4-8-5-071. That's 1-800-2-4-8-5-071, run the wicked way of it, it's dragconcepts.com. You're a single real russure so you can't rest your way unless you need to show me again. How young is too young? But third man. Back in the day when someone done a stroke, we didn't take their breath. In Pearl Harbor, when the jams drop their bombs, we fumble them back, and now the sun is, and they hit us hard, and on our cars are little black sweet. At that small new moment, retired, poor sub-bombers, the wrong way. And other barriers to be in a marriage nuns, where they follow rules like these, the United States of Aberdean, and by poor innocent of these, breathing at the time of freedom. Aberdean, your sub-bombers, and I is still free. I don't want to be a tax-american. If I were to say, what's up you, thousand innocent lives, stop living in the past. If you want that SUV to drive, you're gonna need more gas. If so, you're just country in the world. If they train us too, believe, and anyone who says that, obviously, is afford to be. Sats. And common barriers to be in America, where we take free off of the police. We have a flag in one hand with our hand in the sense that, like, they follow rules of power that he never said. Well, I don't know the fact that I'm not watching states from you, on a six-speed bar, I would scream, go to the stretcher, five everything's okay. Go far, in the US. Go far through, I said, here, and she'll be really upset. She'll be a horse-souroff over there in the Naples for a mile, wherever she's hanging it out. Oh, man. It's just, I realize that people keep coming you because they can't believe it, because actually when you really stop and think about it, you have to be in disbelief for so long. It is just, like, how come I'm over where you actually talk about running scared, talk about just having no clue, you know? What's this attitude here? What's this attitude here? It's hard to tell. The fact that we can hope for at this point is that the checks keep on a common, that the Humper comes back, that life goes on, that Mo goes to the old, the folks home in between vulgarians, well, he must be really bummed out, you know? I can't say going from, well, the jets have been echoed for quite a while, but I mean, going from almost real team to like, Tina's now in the depths of the spare and rampant decay, oh my god, I mean, seriously, that came on Sunday night. That was so pathetic, so sad, so tragic, and some were all, and Joe, what's his name? Tyson, Tyson, sorry. Well, let's go ahead and order a day, I try to forget the block amount. They're just just, Tarvika Minas, who else is on it, is it, Paul McGuire, is it the, what's his name? Not sure. The deodor, I get damned deodor from Paul McGuire, confused, I don't know why, because Paul McGuire is, that mug won't, and anyway, just rip it in and carve it in the nass and deservedly, so, but nevertheless, we got more important fish to fry, we got only in the river second ballot, and proposition that would allow slot machines that the Permutuals and Dave are counties of the race tracks, the Frontons, the Edold tracks, etc. 780 evils not too shabby. Yes, we need the money for education here, and the 76, almost a half a billion dollars for education. Yes, it'd be great for tourism 241. I have no clue, 74, but what? That's our crowd. No, we have enough gambling already, 69, or gambling is evil, 28, 3.5% rush out for them evil doors, their plunge in their brains out. Mad Dog is next in the minipers at four. Right, right, right! How much time do you owe me, rockers at me, and swore, on the cross. I owe you, I owe you, I owe me, for the party now. I'm a fair two-million, or not, laid together, and then with the law, we'd be against it. Oh, whoo!